
###chapter One
********
A government hunter discovers she’s the prey. Unleashing long-buried powers, Ariya must confront her monstrous lineage and a deadly conspiracy that destroyed her family—before her own fury consumes everything.
********
*Ariya*
 
"You might as well tell us what we want to know."
"Never!" The man said, bound by his hands and feet to a chair.
"Come on Tex. Don't make this more difficult on you. We'll get what we want out of you. It's just a matter of time."
"You'll get nothin outta me!" Tex spat.
"Is that so? That's funny. Because apparently you don't know how this works. I mean, haven't you heard the rumors?"
Tex shifted uneasily.
"Well let me clear this up for you. It doesn't matter if you look away. It doesn't matter if you struggle. It doesn't matter if you pass out from the torture. The only thing that matters is if you're dead. And we won't let a thing like that happen. After all, you have information that we need. And we? Well, we have a Switch."
Tex went pale. He'd always heard that the government had some secret weapon to get people to talk. The Switch is what they called it. Most people had some sort of gift. A sort of bloodline trait passed down from generation to generation. Switches were able to get anyone to tell them anything they needed to know. Well, almost anyone. Only one specific bloodline was able to block them, but they had long since disappeared.
"This is your last chance Tex. Tell us what we want to know. Or" A woman in a red dress with long brown hair stepped out from behind the shadows. A light of excitement in her eyes. "we'll let her deal with you."
Tex swallowed. He knew that this woman was the Switch. That all she would have to do is ask the questions and he would be forced to answer, unable to stop himself.
"Do it." I said to the Switch, stepping aside.
She smiled, grabbed an electric rod and jabbed Tex in the stomach with it. As Tex cried out in agony, her eyes went white and just like that, the connection was made and the switch was flipped inside of Tex's brain.
"Now," she cooed, "Tell me what happened last night."
"There was this guy. He was actin weird which is why I noticed him. He kept lookin around like he was lookin for someone. Then this guy pops outta nowhere and tries to attack him. He was one of those shifter things but seemed more like an animal. The guy wasn't expecting that shifter, so the shifter had the advantage. I went to help when another guy showed up. He grabbed the attacker around the throat and snapped his neck. Just like that. The attacker was dead. Then he looked at me. I saw his eyes. His eyes were the eyes of the Navi. I couldn't move. I was frozen. He looked at the guy, the one that got attacked, told him to find her. Didn't give him no name. But he nodded and took off. Then he looked back at me and said 'I'm sorry Tex, you weren't supposed to find out about any of this.'"
"Why not tell us that in the beginning?" The woman asked.
"Because, I knew who he was. At least I thought I did. I thought he was my friend. We lived next door to each other."
"What was his name?"
"Drake." Tex stated and I froze.
"Good work. Find out where he lives. Then see what else you can get out of him." I said to the Switch as I left the room to go talk to Boss.
"SoDrake Navi is still alive then. Hmm that's interesting...What do you think about this Ariya?" Boss asked me.
"There's no way. The Navi have long since disappeared. There hasn't been a single trace of any of them in 14 years." I said.
"A fair assessment. But, just because we haven't heard or seen anything going on doesn't mean that they aren't there. Keep in mind, Drake is a Blood Born. His line is the last and only known line left in the Navi that are Blood Born. Blood Borns are crafty, especially Drake. If he is looking for someone it must be from his line. That means that 2 Blood Born Navi are here. They must be found and killed. They are the only ones who can stand in our way and block the Switches. Not only that, they are monsters who must be destroyed!" Boss shouted.
"Understood." I said.
"Go home Ariya. Sleep on what we have found so far. We'll start fresh tomorrow."
"Yes, sir."
 
I couldn't stop thinking about everything going on. There was no way I was getting any sleep, but there was no way I could figure out what to do either. I made my way home as quickly as I could.
"Caleb, we need to talk. I need you to shift back." I told him. Caleb pretended to be my dog most of the time. Being a lycan, Caleb was able to be in wolf form when he pleased. Truth was that Caleb was my guardian when I was a child, when we all got separated. Now, he still watches over me, but mostly in wolf form so he could go unnoticed.
"What's going on, Ariya? Are you ok? Is it about the Navi?" Caleb asked. His eyes were still yellow but slowly changing back to their usual brown color when he was in human form.
I nodded, "Drake is alive."
"Says who?" Caleb asked cautiously.
"Says a guy named Tex that got picked up today. I had to interrogate him and you know how that typically ends." I said, pacing anxiously.
"Yeah, with you guys using the Switch to get all the truthful answers out of a person. You know what this means don't you?"
"That they're going to be searching high and low for Navi for the next couple years." I said, still pacing.
"Nowell yes, but also no. Ariya, it means Drake is" Caleb said slowly trailing off.
I stopped moving and looked right at him. "I know, Caleb. It means Drake is looking for me."

###chapter Two
*Ariya*
                Things used to be peaceful. I remember I used to love going down by the pond, laying under the tree, and looking up at the sky with Keo. But that's not how life is anymore. I don't think life will ever be that way again
                Fire. Fire is everywhere. The sounds of screams are heard throughout our little town. People are scared. People are running for their life. People are on fire, and they're still running. Still screaming. I hear someone calling out for me. Who is that? Oh, it's my Grandfather. "Hey! Listen to me, okay? We don't have much time. You have to go now. You have to go and not come back here. Do you understand? I can't go with you right now. But I'll find you. One day, I'll find you and we'll all be together again okay? I need you to be good for him okay? Be good for him. He's going to protect you. I'll see you again one day. I promise. Now go! Get out of here!"
 I jolted upright in bed, a cold sweat coming over me. I'm breathing heavily, trying to make sense of what is going on. A pair of yellow eyes are looking over at me.
 "It's okI'm ok," I say while I try to slow down my breathing and convince myself of what I just said.  "I'm going for a walk." 
Caleb continues to look at me, as if he is trying to decide something. Then he gets up and walks to the door. 
"You don't have to come with me. I'll be fine. I'm not some weak little girl, you know that." 
Caleb walks over and nudges the watch on the table with his nose. I pick it up and look at it: 2:35am. No wonder. He's not going to let me go anywhere at this time, not without him. It doesn't matter how much I argue, and it's not like I can keep him inside. 
"Alright, fine. Let's go." 
	The cool air felt good. Caleb knew I needed to go for a walk to clear my head. He knew that I had that dream again. That I basically just went through everything I did that night. The fire, our home being burned down, and with so many people dying. It was a horrifying night. I was 9 years old when it happened, but I remember it like it was yesterday. We continued walking for a long while. I was lost in my thoughts but I knew Caleb was watching. He was always looking out for me. He practically raised me. He always made sure I remembered who I was, that I was
"Well, well, well. Out for an early morning stroll are we? That's not exactly safe now is it?" 
My head snapped up and I froze. "Boss" 
"What are you doing out here at this time, Ariya?" Boss asked.
"Just going for a walk, I couldn't sleep. What about you?" I asked, getting my composure back. 
"Oh I couldn't sleep either, with this wholeissue going on. Who is this? Yourdog?" Boss asked. 
I had forgotten for a moment that Caleb was with me. Not good. I could tell that Boss was suspicious. He didn't think Caleb was a dog. If Boss found out that Caleb was a lycan, we would be in some serious trouble. The lycans were close to the Navi. They lived in the same area and protected one another. It was hard finding one without the other. 
"Yes, that's right." 
"You forgot his leash?" 
"Oh, yeahwell, he doesn't ever leave my side, so I stopped using one." 
"Hmmmwell okay then. I'll see you later at work." Boss said. 
"Yeah. See you later." 
"Oh and Ariya, I know you are strong but be mindful of the time, you never know what's lurking around the corner. I'm glad you have a dog though. Hopefully he is somewhat able to protect you. Wouldn't want anything bad happening to you." Boss said before taking his leave. 
We continued walking. My mind was racing. I was frustrated. That was typical in our world. People see a female and automatically assume we're some weak little girl. I know I wasn't impossible to beat in a fight, but I wasn't going to just let something happen either. One day. One day, I'll activate my ability and then no one will be able to even lay a hand on me in a fight. No one would ever have to protect me, not even Caleb. I'd be the one to protect him instead. 
 We were heading back home when I realized if we went straight there it might look suspicious. But if we stayed out too much longer, then that could also look suspicious. I had gotten lost in my thoughts and couldn't make up my mind on what we should do. Then out of nowhere Caleb growled. I paused. We were being followed. By who? Boss? Someone Boss is in charge of, like me? Someone not even connected to Boss? Drake? No. If it was Drake, Caleb wouldn't have growled. He would have whined, maybe nudged me, but definitely not have growled. Caleb growled again. He couldn't tell me who it was or where it was coming from, not without giving away that he was a lycan. 
I decided that it was best if we headed back. But first, we had to lose our followers. My heart was racing. I wasn't sure how we were going to do it without getting found out. I looked over to Caleb, hoping he would decide to use the bathroom to give me a chance to plan something. Knowing what I wanted, Caleb stopped in the grass for a moment, sniffing. I looked around, an alley was nearby. If we could get there, we could turn the corner and take off before our pursuers even knew where we went. It was our best option. Either that or lead them straight home. I started walking, fighting my nerves to keep from walking faster. I turned down the alley, took a couple steps and then ran. I started following Caleb because his nose was better than mine at the moment. He led us through all sorts of twists and turns. Left turn, right turn, left, left again, right. Suddenly, Caleb stopped running and bowed his head towards the ground. He wanted me to get down, I did as he instructed. The sound of footsteps heading toward us had my heart pounding. Calm down. I told myself. The problem was that if we got caught, we wouldn't be able to gather all the information that they had on Drake. Not only that, but we would also be on the run. Eventually the sound of the footsteps started fading away. We were safefor now. 
###chapter Three
*Ariya*


When I got to work, Boss was waiting for me. 
"Ariya! There you are! Get over here!" 
"What's going on Boss?" 
"I was just wondering, how old are you, Ariya?" 
"Um 23, sir." 
"That's what I thought." 
"Sir?" 
"Oh, I was just wondering. I knew you were young. Out of curiosity though, how did you know that the Navi incident happened 14 years ago, weren't you like 9?" 
"It was a part of our teachings. You know, getting to this type of job. We were taught it in our classes." I told him, not needing any time to think about it.
"What did those classes say about abilities?" Boss asked. 
"A lot of basic stuff. For instance, how everyone has an ability and most abilities are completely invisible. Meaning, that a person can hide what ability they have. An ability is typically passed down from generation to generation. If 2 people with different abilities have kids, one kid will have one ability, while another kid could have the other, or the kid might not ever activate their ability. But they wouldn't have both abilities." I explained.
"Now, what did those classes say about the Navi?" 
"That their ability was unique. They had a lot of lines. There was the main family, which were known as Blood Borns, then there were the people that joined their line. The Navi were able to pass part of their ability to other people. However, if that person came from a different ability line then they would not be able to keep their ability if they took the Navi's ability." 
"Yes, that is all true as far as I know. I've been thinking about this Drake situation ever since we heard his name from Tex. Now if I remember correctly, Drake's immediate line had 5 people, technically 4 I believe. But only 2 of which should be alive. The line started with Drake, then it's unknown if it was his son or his daughter but neither were there the night they were attacked so they are thought to be dead.  After that it was 2 children. I believed both were boys but it is hard to always tell gender at a young age, especially if they look so alike. With the information we got from Tex, it sounds like it might've been a boy and a girl. That makes more sense now. They looked so alike though, like they had to be the same gender even." Boss trailed off, seemingly lost in thought. 
"What do you mean they looked so alike?" I was confused. Boss knew more than he was telling me. 
"Doesn't matter. There were 2 of them. 1 of them was killed that night, so there's only 1 grand kid left and Drake if we assume the parents were already dead. Based on the information from Tex, that child must be a female. Now, Drake doesn't age, it is a part of his ability. Drake's granddaughter on the other hand is the one that is the big mystery. The age of her is pretty sporadic. Some say she was like 5 years old when the attack happened. Others say she was as old as 12 or as young as 6. Though most were saying she was a he, so we have a bit of a possible edge." 
"So basically we are looking for someone that, if they haven't activated their ability then they can be as young as 20 or as old as 26? But if they have then they should be less than 26 years old?  How does that help us? And how does a change of gender really help us? What if it is a male?" 
"It does but it doesn't. It narrows it down a bit. We know Drake is looking for someone anywhere in their 20's. Primarily we should be looking at women instead. If she hasn't activated her ability it will be a lot easier to capture her and kill her. If she has, she likely will pretend to be weaker than she really is. But it also tells us that we need to prepare." 
"What do you mean prepare? And why would she pretend to be weaker?" I asked. 
"Ariya, don't be so naive. She would pretend to keep the notice off of herself. We need to prepare our people to kill the last remaining Blood Born Navi." Boss said without blinking. 
This was just the information that I knew would come up. It was exactly why we couldn't get caught earlier. If they were planning on killing the last remaining Blood Born Navi then I needed to know if they knew the right way to, or if they were just training blindly. 
"So, how do you suppose we get prepared?" I asked Boss.
"I've got everything planned out. Everyone has been separated into teams. If we wait too long then we'll lose our only trail of Drake. But if we keep on the trail then we'll find him and be able to kill him. Ariya, I need you to gather these 3 teams of people and bring them to the briefing room in 1 hour." Boss said, handing me a list of names. 
"Yes sir." I said and left. 
I was looking at the names of the people. There were 11 names on the list. From the looks of it, Boss was splitting people up into 3 teams. The first team was made up of trackers and switches. They were the information team. There were 5 people on that team, Justin, a very experienced tracker, who was in charge of the group, 2 switches to pull information from anyone that we found and 2 other trackers to help get the trail of Drake. After that you had 2 field teams, each split up into a team of 3. On one team you had Jess, Leo, and Adam. Jess was super strong, Leo was a healer, and Adam was a good fighter. Adam hadn't activated his ability yet, but he was one of the people Boss went to a lot, just like me. On the second team you had Link, Mya, and I. Link was able to move just about anything he wanted to with his mind. Mya was our healer and I was just like Adam. I hadn't activated my abilityyet, but for the moment I wasn't the worst fighter around.  
It didn't take long to find everyone on Boss' list. When we all got to the briefing room and sat down, Boss stood up, cleared his throat, and began. 
"Now, as you all should have heard by now, we brought in a guy who gave us information that Drake is still alive. For those of you that don't know, Drake is a Blood Born Navi. We think he is looking for someone in his direct line, specifically, his granddaughter. Each of you has been placed into a specific team for a specific reason. The first team is the information team. The 5 of you are to work in the control room. If someone is brought in, a Switch will question them. Justin will report to me with any updates on finding Drake's whereabouts and if anyone gets questioned. Ariya will lead the second team consisting of her, Link and Mya. Adam will lead the third team consisting of him, Jess and Leo. Both teams have a healer in case anyone gets injured. As to what we are doing, Adam's team will be watching the house that Tex said Drake lived in. Ariya's team will be scouting the area that the boy and Drake were seen at. Are there any questions?" 
"What do you want us to do if we run into Drake? Or the granddaughter? Or the boy?" Adam asked. 
"Kill them." Boss said simply.
"Yeah, but even you know it isn't just that simple. They are Blood Born Navi. There's a reason they are still alive." Jess said. 
"You are right about that. Well I guess it is time to let you guys know how you are going to kill them. Each of you has been set up. The healers are supposed to keep the other 2 alive. I don't care who decides to be the decoy and who decides to use the weapon. However you guys decide is your choice. The weapon that will be given to each team is a flame sword. The flame sword is easy for everyone to use since all of you have been trained with one. Though the easiest way to kill a Blood Born Navi is by fire, the most effective way is by using fire and hitting them in their left shoulder. The left shoulder is a weakness that they have. But, due to that weakness it won't be easy to hit. That is why you all have a decoy. If one person is a decoy and the other person is the actual attacker it would be easier to hit that spot. If you can't hit that spot you can slowly weaken them by burning them a lot with the sword and putting holes in them. Keep in mind, those holes won't last for long. The Blood Born Navi are able to heal themselves but only for a certain amount of time. Understood?" 
"Yes sir!" We all said in unison.
"Alright, then go home, gear up and get ready to move. We leave in 2 hours." Boss said.
With that the briefing was over. I was shocked. I couldn't believe that Boss knew so much about the Navi. I definitely didn't expect Boss to know how to kill them. Killing a Blood Born Navi wasn't impossible but it wasn't easy either. Boss had set up the teams evenly but also in a way that would be the most effective. I couldn't help myself but ask Boss on the side how he knew so much. 
"Hey Boss?" 
"Yes Ariya?" 
"They didn't mention most of what you just said in the classes. How do you know so much about the Blood Born Navi?" I asked. 
"Because Ariya." Boss got a demonic look on his face, "It was me that set the attack on the Navi 14 years ago. It was me who set fire to their little town. It was me who captured and killed the first of them and I won't rest until every last one of them is dead." 
As Boss walked away, I couldn't stop thinking of that night. That night that caused so much pain. That night that fire was set to my home. That night, that so many of my friends and family were killed due to the ability we had. That night that I was separated from everything I knew and loved. I finally figured out who it was that attacked us and they were right in front of me this whole time. 

###chapter Four
*Ariya*


My blood was boiling. I couldn't believe everything that had just happened. I couldn't get home fast enough. The images of my people burning alive, the sounds of their screams of agony, the cries of fear that they were going to die, I just couldn't get it out of my head. As I was heading home I kept thinking of that night over and over. It was a nightmare and there wasn't a day that went by that I wished I would just wake up and realize that it was all just a terrifying dream. 
When I finally made it home, I busted through the door, shaking with rage. "I swear I am going to kill him! He will suffer for what he did to everyone!" I shouted. 
Caleb, realizing something was seriously wrong, was shifting back to his human form. 
"He will pay for what he did! Even if that is the last thing I do on Earth, I will kill him!" I yelled, pacing angrily. My blood continued to boil. 
"Ariya! Calm down! What the heck is going on? Slow down and talk to me." Caleb said. 
"He's going to die! I'm going back to kill him now!" The rage bubbled up inside of me. I was so angry and hurt that I was blind to everything around me. My only thought was killing Boss and making him pay for what he did. 
"Ariya?" Caleb was looking at me, his face was a mix of fear and shock. Caleb grabbed my arm and made me stop pacing. The look on his face made me pause for a moment. 
"What?!" I shouted, still angry. 
"Ariyayou need to calm down." 
"No! He will pay for what he did! He killed our family! He killed Keo!" I growled. I was losing it. A raw rage burned in my throat. My whole body felt like it was on fire from the inside.  
"Ariya! Listen to me. You don't know Keo is dead! We left before we found him because it was getting so bad! He could be the guy that was looking for you! So you have to calm down oryou know what! Come here." Caleb shouted back, dragging me by the arm to the mirror. "Look at yourself, Ariya! Anything look strange to you?" 
Caleb was right! All of my anger, all the hate that I had, it had started to activate my ability. My eyes were changing. The whites of my eyes were no longer white but black. The color part was red and the pupil (still black) was slanted. 
"Ariya, I get that you're extremely upset right now, but you have to calm down a bit. If you don't you could make things a lot worse. You haven't activated your ability yet, and you know that there are certain requirements you must hit before activating it. So trust me when I say you need to calm down."
I stared at my reflection in the mirror for a little bit. As eager as I was to activate my ability and truly be considered a Blood Born, I couldn't. Not yet. First I needed to find Drake. I needed to find my grandfather. I took a couple deep breaths and was able to feel myself relax a little bit. 
"Let's sit down, Ariya." Caleb said, walking over to the couch.
We went over and sat down and for the next hour we began planning. I explained everything that happened. Everything that Boss had told us as a group, everything Boss had admitted to doing, and everything that they had planned. Caleb and I planned every detail. We worked out every kink and every possible twist that could happen along the way until we were sure that the plan was perfect. In one hour we had a full, elaborate plan. Now it was time to put the plan in action, because the plan started now. I grabbed my sword, and a couple other weapons. I was ready. In the next 12 hours, 2 people would most likely be dead, and at least one of them would be from my team. 

###chapter Five
*Ariya*


The time to act was now. There was no more waiting. We waited for 14 years to rise up and fight back. I was ready. Almost. All I had to do was activate my ability. In the right way. Unfortunately, it could mean that Mya or Link could die. I wanted to protect them but I knew that one of them could end up dead. It wasn't that I didn't like Mya or Link, it was that when they found out who I really was, they could turn on me. Adam's group was a huge threat, so was Justin himself. Adam was the most dedicated soldier to Boss. Justin had been with Boss for so long that I was sure he was there during the attack 14 years ago. Justin was built like a tank and I was pretty sure he could take a Blood Born on his own, without help from any of us. All he needed was a taste or a scent to track the Navi again. 
When I got back, they were all waiting in the training room for us to get started. 
"Ariya! How's it going?! It's been a while since we got to go on an assignment together!" Link said. 
"Hey Ariya! I'm glad we get to work together again." Mya said. 
"Hey Link. Hey Mya. I hope you guys are ready for all of this. I'm glad you both are with me but I hope I don't disappoint you guys too much." 
"You wouldn't disappoint us!" Mya said quickly. 
"Yeah! We trust you completely. There's no way you can disappoint us." Link added. 
"Thanks Link, Mya. I couldn't ask for a better team."
"Oh, please! Don't make me barf! You guys are ridiculous. If you're so worried we'll take the location and you guys can take the house. Nah! On second thought, it would be great to see Ariya get her butt kicked." Jess said. If only she knew.
"Hey! Don't get all butt hurt because you are super strong and still lose to Ariya, Jess!" Link said in my defense.
"You wanna say that again punk!" Jess shouted, grabbing Link's shirt. 
"Jess, you better cool it!" I said. I could feel the anger from them. Their bodies pulsing with rage. It was leaking out to all of us. 
"Knock it off! All of you!" Boss shouted. 
Everyone froze. I could feel my insides getting hot again. I grit my teeth  to try to calm down. It didn't help. I started shaking a bit. I could feel my ability trying to activate. A hand grabbed my arm. Shocked, I looked back. It was Mya. 
"It's okay Ariya. There is no need to fight each other right now. We have an assignment to do right?" Mya said. 
She looked sad. Her eyes said she knew this was going to be dangerous but she also seemed sad like she knew something was going to go wrong. Mya was a couple years younger than me, but because she was a healer, she got sent out on assignments pretty frequently. She saw the worst of situations and was always fighting losing battles on the battlefield. She had such a big heart for others and still had some innocence to her. Looking at Mya made me calm down instantly. I didn't want her to be sad. I wanted to make sure she got out of this ok. But I couldn't promise anything. I don't know how I'll act once my ability activates. I might not be able to control myself. I hoped I could. 
Even though Boss had shouted, Jess and Link still had each other by the shirt. Anger still leaking off of them. Irritated, Boss said, "Do it"
After the command from Boss, a small whine on my left caught my ear. As I looked to my left, a shadow was coming from the ground. The Shadow's body tensed and they struck both Jess and Link with an electric rod. I pivoted to try to stop the Shadow from attacking Link, but before I could reach the Shadow, Justin was behind me. He was so fast for being built the way he was. Jess and Link cried out in agony. Then Justin tensed and rammed an electric rod into my side. My whole body tensed and I fell to the floor. Pain covered my body. I couldn't help but scream from the pain. My blood boiled. I could feel the time was coming for my ability to activate. I did my best trying to resist but my body wouldn't respond. Just when my throat started getting hot, my body started relaxing. Justin had stopped electrocuting me. As I was getting to my knees, Boss spoke. 
"Now, are you all done?!" 
Silence filled the room. No one spoke. The three of us were still feeling the side effects of the rod. Justin looked down at me, stone faced. I could see the slightest look of pain in his eyes, like he felt bad for doing what he did to me just now. Justin didn't talk much to anyone. It was like he was always fighting something deep inside him. He held his hand out to help me up. I grabbed it but glared at him. 
"I expect better from all of you!" Boss shouted. "Get up so we can begin!"
As the three of us stood, Boss continued. 
"I'm not thanking you, you just electrocuted me." I said under my breath at Justin, thinking he wouldn't hear me. 
"If I didn't, someone else would have." Justin said low enough that only I could hear. I looked at him shocked but shook it off immediately and went back to paying attention to Boss. 
"Adam, your team is heading to Drake's house. The likelihood of him showing up is slim. Justin will go with to try to pick up on the scent. While Justin is looking for a scent, look for anything that will tell us if this really is Drake and where he might be going next. Ariya, your team is heading to the location Drake was spotted. Search for clues and fan out from there. Now get going!"
"Yes sir!" We all said in unison. 
Mya, Link, and I set out for the location Drake was spotted. The assignment had begun. It was a couple miles from Drake's home. According to what Tex told the Switch, he had gone out for a walk, a couple miles from his house there was an overpass and that was when everything happened. 
When we got to the location it was still taped off. We all ducked under the tape. The location was under a bridge and had been taped off about 2 miles out to prevent outsiders from seeing what was going on. 
"Fan out. Look for anything out of the ordinary." I told the others. 
I started looking for clues. Drake would leave something if he was looking for me. Something known only to the Navi. I carefully started scanning the slope of the bridge. Nothing. I scanned the bottom of the bridge. Nothing. Scanned the side. Nothing. Scanned the pillar. Found it! Just what I was looking for. A swirl was on the pillar. The swirl was on the South East side of the pillar. I made my mark on it, so if Drake circled back he would see it. I looked down and saw 3 rocks at my feet. 3 miles south east and I would get either another clue or a meeting with Drake. My heart started beating faster. Soon I would be reunited with him. 
"Let's go. We're heading this way!" I called Link and Mya. 
"Did you find something?" Link asked. 
I took off in the direction I told them, kicking the rocks over. "Yeah, I think so. We'll go a couple miles, if nothing we'll go back."
As we headed out past the bridge we came to a couple obstacles. A lot of rocks and rubble were in our way but we easily made our way over it. The bridge started going out of view as we kept heading to our destination. We came to a wooden fence. As I hopped over it, my shirt sleeve caught the fence. Confused, I looked over and saw a wired fence behind the wooden one. 
"Wait!" I called out to Mya who was jumping over the fence after me. But it was too late. 
Mya cried out in agony as the wire dug into her arm as she slid off the wooden fence. I rushed to Mya. 
"What happened?!" Link called. 
"Mya's hurt. There's a lot of blood. She hit the wire fence. Be careful getting over it." I called back. 
Link climbed over the fence slowly. I looked around. We were in a construction area. That explained the fence. There was shade nearby so I brought Mya over there as Link was getting to the top of the fence. Mya had gauze in her bag so I grabbed it and started wrapping her arm. 
"We probably need to head back to get you fixed up properly." I told Mya. 
"No, I'm ok. I can con" Mya started to say. 
"Ariya! Mya! Run! Get out of there!" Link shouted desperately. 

###chapter Six
*Ariya*


I felt goosebumps on my neck as a low growl came from behind us. A searing pain shot up in the back of my head. I saw black as I hit the ground. Mya screamed in fear. 
"Hang on!" Link shouted. 
Link used his ability to move anything to pull us closer to him and away from danger. I sat up slowly as the pain started leaving my head. Mya. She was healing me. The sight quickly returned to me. As my eyes refocused I looked to see who was attacking us. A pair of red eyes were glaring at us. 
"It's him." Link hissed. 
"No , it's not. Look closely, what do you see? He was turned. Drake would be a lot more in control or he wouldn't have stayed hidden for so long. This guy. He isn't in control. He's a rabid. As soon as Mya was close enough for him to smell her blood, he went crazy." I stated. 
"Then why is he staring at all of us?" Mya asked. 
"Look around. We're all bleeding. But if we can't take this one out, we're definitely no match for Drake." I said. 
They both gulped, suddenly unsure of themselves. While I knew whose side I was truly on, the rabid wouldn't have been allowed even in my clan. He had to be stopped. 
"This is what we trained for. Have each other's back and we'll be fine." I said. 
"Right." Link said.
"Yeah." Mya said.
"Alright then, let's go!" I said. 
Mya hung back like we trained, while Link and I charged forward. I drew my sword and lunged for the attack. The vampire easily side stepped my attack, flexed his body and struck me in the chest. I flew backwards. All the air flew out of me as I landed. This guy was so strong. Link took the opportunity to attack with his sword but just as easily as I was sidestepped, so was he but instead of getting knocked the way I did, he went the opposite way. I got up, drew a knife and went after the vampire. Instead of attacking me this time, he jumped over me. By the time I turned to see where the vampire went, Mya screamed. 
"No!" I shouted, running to stop him. He had grabbed one of the blades we dropped and was raising it above his head ready to slash down at Mya. I ran as fast as I could, predicting the move he was going to make. 
Please let me make it in time.
The vampire's arm flexed as he arcked the blade downward. As the vampire was halfway through his arc, I crossed my left and right arm over each other and raised them defensively. The vampire slashed through his arc, bringing the blade down on my arm guard as I stood over Mya, protecting her. The weight of his attack was heavy. The tip of the blade bit into my skin, slicing me over my left eye. I screamed in pain and shoved my hands up as hard as I could, the blade lifted but caught me on the way up. I kept my left eye closed as blood poured down my face. 
Without hesitation Link threw a sword at the vampire using his ability. I started running to get to Link as fast as I could. The sword hit the fence we climbed over and buried itself deep into the wood. The vampire was already at Link prepared to strike. 
I'm not going to make it.
"Link!" I shouted, reaching my arm out as if I could stop what was about to happen.
Knowing there was no way out. Link looked at the vampire, ready for death. As the vampire raised the sword ready to end Link's life, I shouted, "STOP IT!" 
My heart sank as I predicted what was to come. 
If only I was stronger. If only I hadn't brought them with me. I could have come with Caleb and they wouldn't be about to lose their lives. 
My blood boiled again. The rage I felt about losing them both and not being able to do anything about it. I could feel everything bubble inside of me. I desperately wanted to save them from dying. My left arm was outstretched as if I could do anything to stop it. I willed everything I had in me to save them and that was when it clicked. 
The vampire was finishing the stroke of the sword as a black dome covered over Link. That was it! I did it! My ability is almost activated completely. I was so excited that I temporarily forgot the chaos of the battle. 
The vampire glared at me with hate in his eyes. Angry, I had stopped the attack. Angry that I didn't let him get his kill. He charged at me with everything he had. His speed tripled what it had been before. 
Link and Mya looked at me with fear in their eyes. Unable to stop the vampire as he struck, sending me flying. An abrupt pain shot through my chest. I coughed as blood rushed up and came out of my mouth. I looked down at the metal rod sticking out of my chest. As the world around me faded to black I heard Link and Mya scream as they saw what happened. 

###chapter Seven
*Ariya*


There's so much pain. It's sharp and it's shooting through my chest. A rod is sticking out. Why is it there? I don't get it. One second I was standing. The next flying through the air. Now, I'm suspended in the air a bit and my chest hurts. Mya and Link screaming. Why? Please stop. I don't want you guys upset.
My eyes get heavy. Darkness. 
Someone is grabbing my arm. I open my eyes. 
"Ariya! Hang on! I'll heal you! You're going to be ok!" Mya says through tears, "Everything is going to be ok!" 
I try taking a breath but choke a bit. There's a metallic taste in my mouth. 
"I know it's hard to breathe but you have to, Ariya. So keep trying for me, ok?" Mya tells me. 
I look up. My left eye still closed shut. Looking for Link. He's fighting. Throwing all sorts of poles and rubble using his ability. Trying to keep the vampire away. My eyes get heavy again. Darkness. 
"Ariya!? Ariya!? Wake up! Come on! Wake up, Ariya!" 
That voice. It sounds familiar. Whose is it? 
I try to force my eyes open but only the right eye opens. Link. He's holding his right arm. His shoulder is bleeding. Did he win? I look around.
"It's ok. I got him." Link tells me. 
A movement catches the corner of my eye. I look over. The vampire is on the ground. A beam in his stomach, holding him there. He's not done yet though. His hands grip the beam and he pulls it up to unpin himself. 
Behind you. Link, Mya. Behind you. He's not dead!  It's not working. They can't hear me. 
"B...eh" That's all I can manage. I am helpless to tell them. 
"Ariya, save your strength. It'll be ok. Mya will get you all healed up." Link says. 
No! They have to listen to me. They have to understand.  
"Be...hined...y...ou" I gargle out, coughing up blood. 
"What? Calm down. Save your strength. Tell us later." Link said. 
"No...wait, Link. I think she has to tell us now. What is it, Ariya?" Mya says. 
I use all my strength left inside me. 
"Behind...you," I finally manage to wheeze out. 
Their faces drop in horror as they realize what I say. My eyes become heavy again. I force the only working one to stay open. The vampire is walking towards us. Mya looks at me with terror in her eyes.  Link turns, getting ready to fight again. He lifts his left arm and launches a piece of rubble at the vampire. The vampire easily knocks it aside. Link bends down and grabs a metal bar off of the ground. Knowing it isn't enough to stop the vampire but refusing to give up as well. 
The world was beginning to fade. I forced myself to keep my right eye open. This is it. It's over for all of us. I thought. The vampire stood about 15 feet from us. Grinning. The vampire tensed but before he moved a figure appeared behind him. The figure had his hand pointed and similar to the black dome I put over Link, it covered this figure's hand and up to the elbow. The figure pulled their arm back and struck right through the center of the vampire's chest. With that, the vampire dropped to the ground. Dead. Link dropped the bar he held. As the figure approached us, I could vaguely make out his short, dark hair, and his red eyes, the pupil a black slit. The world faded out more. Link and Mya dropped to their knees. Hopeless. Realization hit me. Drake the world went to black and the burning pain began. 
###chapter Eight
*Ariya*


I wonder what they'll chooseWill they stay or will they leave? Will they live or will they die? Will they help me or try to kill me? Will I live or is the damage too great? I wonder
A growl comes from the right. My eyes open up. I know that growl. Caleb. He's here. Link and Mya land on their butt as they spin to see Caleb. Caleb growls in warning to them as he gets closer to me. Mya stays where she is, refusing to leave my side. Link starts to back away, fearful of Caleb and Drake. His hand hits the metal rod he dropped and in one swift movement he grabs it and swings it. 
"Get away from us!" Link screams. 
Caleb growls in response to Link but doesn't move closer. When Link stands his ground, Caleb looks at me, then to Drake, then back to me and whines. 
"We're not going anywhere. Not without her." Drake says, unaffected by Link. 
"You think we're gonna let you do that?!" Link said. 
"You don't have a choice. What? You think you can heal her and bring her back? You have no idea." Drake replied. 
"What do you mean? What are you talking about?" Link asked confused. 
"You really don't know, even now. Look at her. You think you can save her? The second you pull her down from there, she's going to bleed out. No one can heal her. Not you. Not your friend. Not even me. The only thing that will save her is if she turns." Drake said matter of factly. 
"You're wrong!" Link shouted. 
"Then get her off of there." Drake told them. 
Determined to try, Link looked at me. 
"It'll all be ok, Ariya. Trust me." Link said as he grabbed me and pulled my body from the metal rod sticking out of my chest. I coughed and spat up blood as he did. The pain in my chest was agonizing. It burned as he pulled me off. I looked at Drake with fear and pain in my eyes. As Link placed me on the ground I began bleeding out, the damage too great for Mya to heal. 
"Ariya" Mya said through tears. 
"No, no no!" Link shouted, "Ariya! You can't die here!" 
"I told you, no one can heal her now. All she can do is turn." Drake said. 
Link glared at Drake, "Then why not push us out of the way and do it?!" 
"I don't have to. She'll turn on her own. It is her birthright after all." 
Link's glare changed to confusion then understanding. My blood began to boil and my nerves caught fire. My body tensed up and I screamed in agony. 
"What's happening?" Mya asked, concerned. 
"She's turning." Drake said simply. 
I continued screaming. My hands balled in fists and my body arched withering in pain. Every nerve ending screamed inside of me. My eyes flew open and I could feel them change. It felt as if someone took a torch to them while stabbing them at the same time. As I cried out in pain, I felt my lip curl above my canines. My canines forced their way out more. A burning in my throat. 
"You both have a decision to make." Drake said looking at Link and Mya, "Will you help her, kill her, or run?" 
Darkness. 

###chapter Nine
*Ariya*


My eyes begin to open up. They feel heavy. My body aches all over. My chest throbs. There's a burning in my throat and I feel hunger. A type of hunger I've never felt before. Like if I don't eat soon I'll go crazy. As I wake up more, I try to figure out what's going on. I'm moving. But how? I've been out cold this entire time. I lift my head to see better. Someone is carrying me. They noticed I woke up, so they stopped moving, set me down and turned to face me.
"Hey. How are you feeling?" He asks. 
"Weak. In painhungry." I replied. 
He nods, "Do you know who I am?" 
I nod, "Drake." 
"So, you didn't forget me then, Ariya." Drake smiles. 
"I couldn't. Though, I started to think you forgot about me." 
"I know. I'm sorry. I've been looking for you. There's a lot to talk to you about. First, do you know what happened?" 
I'd almost forgotten. I try to think back. The last thing I remembered was pain. Link and Mya I panic. I look at Drake. What did they choose? Drake has dried specs of blood on his hands and shirt. The burning in my throat intensifies. My lip curls above my canines as they form more into fangs. My vision changes. Everything becomes sharper, brighter. 
"Where are they?!" I growl. 
Drake doesn't answer. He stares back at me with a blank expression. 
I glared at Drake. "Where are they?!" 
"They had to make a choice, Ariya. You know that. Think back hard. What do you remember?" 
I looked at Drake unsure. I was more worried about Link and Mya. 
"Just answer me, Ariya. I need to know what you remember with the first thing that pops in your head." 
"We were attacked. The guy tried to get Mya but I saw through his plan. Then he went after Link. I didn't have enough time. I held my hand out to save Link as if I could reach him. Something clicked and a black dome appeared over him." 
"Do you know what it is called when those two things happen?" 
"No. But I know it means I activated my abilities." 
"We have a lot to discuss and a lot of ground to cover. Your friends have been very useful to you so far. When you went to save Mya, you activated your first ability. It is called the Dragon's eye. You didn't predict what he was going to do using your eyes. You saw it. A micro twitch of a muscle is what you saw and that's how you knew where to run. That is what the Dragon's eye does." 
"So that's also what happened with Link?" 
"Yes, but the rabid was faster, which is how you activated your second ability. Everything inside of you wanted to save Link which when you focused and reached your hand out activated it. It is called Energy Manipulation and takes the color of your Aura." 
"Does the color change?" 
"Rarelyit takes a lot for it to change. Let's continue with what you remember." 
"I remember saving Link. Then I remember flying through the air. A lot of pain. Being suspended in the air. Mya and Link were crying. The rabid still alive. Warning them. Then you killed the rabid. Then a lot more pain. Then you told them that they had a decision to make." 
"There are quite a few gaps in your memory. Not as much as I thought there would be, but that's good"Drake paused. 
"What?"
"We have to go. They might catch us if we don't. Caleb or I will fill the gaps of your memory but we have to move." 
"Where is Caleb? Who's they?" 
Drake looked at me with a mix of concern and confusion on his face. "They are the people you were working for. Either they caught a trail or you guys didn't meet the check-in time so now they're trying to look for you. Does that make sense?" 
I nodded. Drake sighed, relieved. 
"As for Caleb, he's with your friends. You can't be near them or him right now." 
"Why not?" I asked. 
"Because you just turned, Ariya." Drake said, pulling a knife out of his pocket. He sliced his hand open. Bright red blood poured out. I couldn't stop myself as my eyes changed. Drake held his hand out, the blood on his hand seemed to call at me, coaxing me. My tongue slid back and forth across my canines as they grew into fangs. My throat burned. My lip curled above my fangs as a low growl escaped from me. 
"You can't control yourself right now, Ariya. If you go anywhere near them, you'll kill them and you won't be able to stop yourself." 
Drake moved his hand away, breaking my concentration on it. I looked at him. His appearance had changed as mine had. His eyes were different. A slit for a pupil, red for the color and black where there would normally be white. His canines were in the form of fangs. Drake's eyebrows pushed together as he tried taking slow, deep breaths. I could still smell the blood in the air. A low growl escaped my lips. I was hungry and I knew what my body wantedneeded. Drake's body tensed and a growl escaped from him. 
"More importantly Ariya. You're new. You're hungry and you can pull me into a frenzy because at the moment. I'm hungry too." Drake said, his body tense. 
Drake's resistance to feed was fading. It would only be a matter of time before Drake lost control. When that happened, the frenzy for both of us would begin. The target being our pursuers, or our friends.


###chapter Ten
*Ariya*


"Ariya, stop!" Drake growled through gritted teeth. 
I'd caught the scent of blood in the air and was following it. I knew what my body needed and I couldn't resist the urge to go and get it. I didn't understand why Drake wanted me to stop. Didn't he need it too? So why was he fighting his hunger and me with it? Whatever. The smell was calling me. Begging me to come and get it. So I ignored Drake and kept heading toward the all too familiar scent. 
Drake ran up in front of me, turned and grabbed me by the shoulders, halting my movement. He continued to struggle to stay in control. 
"This isn't the right way." He said. 
"Yes it is. Can't you smell it in the air?" 
I took a deep breath in through my nose, closing my eyes. I let it escape out of my mouth in a growl. I could only imagine how it would feel to drink for the first time. I opened my eyes and saw Drake struggling to maintain control even more after my previous action. Drake grit his teeth, his body tensing. He gripped my shoulders incredibly hard as if it would help him from losing control. 
Without warning, Drake rammed me into a boulder. The rough edges bit into my back. I growled. In response, Drake grabbed my face, growling at me. There was something wet on his hand. It was on my cheek and at the corner of my mouth. I stared at Drake puzzled. He winced in pain unsure of why there was pain in his hand. That's when it hit me. He cut his hand. It was blood that was on me. My breathing quickened as I realized. Now I was the one trying to resist but the urge was too great. Just one taste. That's all I wanted. 
"Ariya, no!" Drake said as if he could read my mind. Drake went to pull his hand away but I caught it and licked my lips in anticipation, catching some blood on my tongue. I rolled it around in my mouth. It was like a drug. Like I instantly became high and had to keep going to maintain the feeling. Drake ripped away from my grasp. A primal type of growl came out of me. I tensed up and struck, slamming Drake into a boulder of his own. I sank my fangs into Drake's jugular. Drake growled angrily at me in response. I couldn't stop myself. Drake tried fighting back but the strength was draining out of him. He grunted as he slid to the ground. I took a deep breath in as I drank. Catching the scent I had been chasing before, I released Drake and continued my pursuit. 
As I ran chasing the scent, I realized someone was following me. Ignoring them I kept going. They caught up to me and tackled me. I growled as I looked to see who it was. Drake, and he looked like he didn't have anymore control like he'd given in to his primal side. Drake and I struggled with each other and rolled down a rocky hill. We struggled fighting one another until we landed in a small clearing breaking apart from one another. The air whooshed out of us when we landed. As I pushed up on all fours, I took a breath and froze. The scent I'd been chasing was here. I let out a growl and licked my lips. I caught more of Drake's blood on me. I began losing it. I breathed in and could feel my body beginning to move against my will. I growled more as my tongue moved across my fangs. As I stood a growl came from behind me. My body whirled around and my heart sank. A gasp escaped from Link and Mya as they saw me. Caleb growled in wolf form, knowing I wasn't in control. I growled in response to Caleb and barred my fangs. 
A growl from my left responded back. As Drake stood up I could see he regained some control but it would break soon. Sensing this, Caleb started morphing back. Drake lunged at me but I side stepped him and lunged at Caleb. Caleb grunted as he landed and slid across the ground. Mya screamed and I froze. 
"Ariya! Stop!" Caleb shouted desperately. 
I want to but I can't do anything to stop myself. 
"Ariya! If you don't stop, you could kill them!" 
I stayed in place frozen after hearing Mya scream. Every part of me, fighting an internal battle. My body wanted to feed. Needed to. But my heart wanted to protect my friends. 
"That's it, Ariya. Keep fighting. You can do this." Caleb encouraged me. 
"Caleb" I forced out, gaining some control. 
"I'm right here, Ariya. Keep fighting." 
"Calebyou have to knock us out." Drake said. 
Caleb looked at Drake understandingly. 
"I don't know how much longer" Drake trailed off. He noticed the blood coming from Caleb. Drake's body tensed and he growled ready to strike. Caleb cursed, knowing that if Drake attacked I would too. Sounds escaped me as I grit my teeth, trying to resist my urge to attack. Drake didn't wait any longer. He struck at Caleb sinking his fangs into Caleb's neck. Mya screamed in fear, setting me off. I grabbed my head with my hands. Growling I tried hard to resist. Caleb gasped as Drake fed on him. I cried out trying to resist but the urge overcame me and I tensed up, licking my lips. 
"No, Ariya! Stop!" Mya shouted running to me. Before I moved she grabbed hold of me. I growled in response, looking down at her. I remembered how I felt about her. Like she was a little sister that I wanted to protect. 
"Ariya! Please! Don't do this! This isn't how it's supposed to go. Please, Ariya! Stop! Please!" Mya pleaded. 
The world around me started fading out. The strength drained out of me. I collapsed onto the ground. Unsure of what just happened, when Mya grabbed me. As the world faded out, Caleb started falling to the ground. His strength drained from him as well. 

###chapter Eleven
*Ariya*


Slowly I blinked my eyes open. What happened? Was it all just a dream? Or did it really happen? 
"Hey, sleepy head. Finally waking up?" 
I looked over. "Caleb?"
"Yeah, Ariya. It's me. What? Did you think I was dead?" 
I threw my arms around him, hugging him tightly, "I don't even remember everything that happened." 
"I figured as much. I'll explain everything, but first, how are you?" Caleb smiled, his face softening. 
"My whole body hurts. It feels heavy, like I couldn't move fast even if I wanted to. Also I feel like I haven't eaten for weeks." I let him go and leaned against the wall. 
"Ariya, I want to test something but I need you to resist your eyes changing and your fangs coming out. Once you can't resist anymore and they do change then you can feed from me." 
"What?! No!" I said angrily. The last thing I wanted to do was hurt Caleb. 
"Why? 'Cause you're worried you're going to hurt me?" Caleb laughed. 
"Yes." I nodded. 
Caleb laughed. "Ariya, I'm sorry. There's a lot I forget that I hadn't taught you." 
I looked at him with confusion. 
"Ariya, you can't hurt me or kill me by feeding on me. That's why our two groups lived together. It is part of why I was sent with you that night." 
"But" I started to say. 
"Not right now, Ariya. I'll explain later. But right now, will you let me test something?" 
I was torn. I didn't want to hurt Caleb but I knew what he said was true. I just didn't know how it was true. But I trusted Caleb. He practically raised me. 
"Ok." I nodded. 
"Alright then. Try to resist for as long as you can. If you happen to resist everything, then I'll tell you to let go. That will mean you don't have to resist anymore. Trust me, Ariya. Everything will be fine." Caleb explained. 
I nodded. I tried to focus on what he told me. Caleb pulled out a knife. Wrapped his hand around the blade and sliced his hand open. The smell of blood hit the air and immediately I realized what Caleb was testing. How much I could resist showing who I really was. I could smell the blood in the air and felt it coaxing me. I knew I needed it but I forced myself not to go after it. Instead, I tried to get used to the smell. The sweet and metallic smell for some reason called to me. Trying to pull me towards it. But I ignored it. I felt as though my body became lighter somehow.
Satisfied with how things were going, Caleb opened his hand to let me see it. I really didn't think there was going to be a difference. But once I looked at his hand I realized that it was a whole new level of resistance needed on my part. I stared at his hand and could see the blood pumping out with each beat of his heart. 
That was when I heard it. The thump, thump of Caleb's heart beating. Staring at his hand my eyes started narrowing. No! I tried to focus. I tried to ignore what was going on. I tried to ignore the coaxing feeling that pushed me to feed. I could resist more. 
Caleb, deciding that I could resist that too, moved and placed his bloody hand across my mouth. My breath quickened. The sweet, metallic, coaxing smell was closer. I could feel the warmth of the blood and knew that I could taste it if I just gave in. But I wanted to fight. I wanted to resist any temptation. I clenched my jaw shut. So I couldn't open it to taste anything. I stared at Caleb, glaring. I wasn't mad at him. I just wanted to fight against my nature. I could feel it though. That it wasn't going to be long before I lost control. 
Caleb pulled his hand away momentarily. Using two fingers from his other hand, he wiped blood onto them. I watched him carefully, unsure of what he was going to do. Then he shoved the fingers into my mouth. The blood on his fingers hit one of my canines. I opened my mouth in response. Quickly breathing in and out, I fought a losing battle. Once my mouth was open my tongue touched the blood on Caleb's other finger. I was losing it. I pulled away from Caleb. I clenched my jaw. I realized it was over. That I was seconds away from losing control. 
Caleb smiled at me. Using his hand that was sliced open with the knife, Caleb wiped the blood on his neck. 
"It's ok, Ariya. You did really well. You can stop fighting now. Let go. You can't hurt me. So don't worry." Caleb told me, standing up. 
I could feel my eyes changing color. My eyes narrowed as I focused on Caleb. I felt my upper lip curl above my canines as they grew into fangs. My body tensed. I growled in response and then lunged at Caleb, sinking my fangs into his jugular. Caleb gasped. I could hear his heartbeat quicken. Then, just like with Drake, the strength in Caleb's body started to drain out of him as he slid to the ground. With that, Caleb's heartbeat slowed as well. Thumpthump

###chapter Twelve
*Ariya*


"Ariya!" 
Where is that sound coming from? 
"Ariya!" 
Who is that? 
"Ariya!" 
Is that me? 
"Ariya!" 
It must be me
"Ariya!" 
Go away. I'm trying to sleep
"Come on! Get up! I know you can hear me, kiddo." 
I open my eyes and look around. It is just a dark room, empty, with a silver floor. 
"Are you going to turn around and look at me or are you going to ignore me this entire time?" 
I turned around when the figure touched my shoulder. 
"Caleb." I sighed, relieved. 
"Wow. That took a while. I guess it makes sense, you being new and all." 
"Caleb, where are we?" I asked. 
"In your mind." Caleb replied. 
I stared at him confused. 
Caleb laughed. "Like I said, I forgot to teach you some things. Right now we are talking in your mind. We wouldn't normally be able to talk where we could see each other but right now we can because your instinctive side took over. Which means until you are no longer feeding or in danger of dying, your consciousness can't take back over." 
"Wait, so you're saying that right now I'm no longer in control of my body? What happens when my consciousness can take back over?" 
"That's right. You'll have to learn more about that part of you from Drake. Since I'm a lycan, I don't know how to really explain how that works. As for your other question, usually when your consciousness takes back over, you pass out." 
"So what are we doing here then Caleb?" 
"I figured I could explain some things to you, for instance what happened after you left the house." 
I nodded and Caleb began explaining how the plan was unfolding. He started off by burning any evidence that we were Navi, cleaned the place up and got rid of the ashes. From there he packed a bag of anything we would need and headed out. He put the bag on himself and went back to wolf form and ran to the overpass. Luckily, Caleb caught Drake's scent and figured Drake wasn't too far ahead. So Caleb howled to see if Drake would show up. 
"When Drake saw me, he was concerned. He asked where you were. I told him that you would be on a team that was unfortunately hunting for him, but that you would explain the details later. Drake suggested waiting for you a couple miles out so we could create distance between who you work for as well as get closer to our destination. So we did. We were a little further than where you ended up. We even heard your friend Link shout in warning to you and the other girl, Mya. We ran back. Drake almost jumped in but I told him to wait. That you had come up with a plan. He really didn't like that you were putting yourself in danger. Neither did I though. But we did as you asked. Then it was too late" 
Caleb trailed off and I could see his regret. He hated that I had gotten so badly hurt. The plan was to hopefully run into something so I could activate my abilities. But we didn't expect me to get killed right after. Since I was a Blood Born I would be fine, only if I activated both abilities in time. Luckily I did. 
"Drake and I almost stepped in, but then your friend Link lost it and his ability went up to a whole new level. He was able to keep the rabid vampire away from the three of you. He even managed to impale the rabid! But that didn't kill the rabid as you know. You warned them and that was when Drake stepped in" 
Caleb trailed off again. I could tell that he was trying to figure out how to tell me what happened next. 
"Caleb? Can you show me what happened from your perspective?" 
After a long pause, Caleb sighed. "I can, Ariya. I can show you everything remaining from my perspective. But you're not going to like it" 
"Why do you think that?" 
"Because, Ariya, you're going to live it through my perspective and you're not going to like what Drake and I thought."
"Ok, so you're protective over me. You always have been. What's the problem?" 
"Ariyawe almost killed them" 

###chapter Thirteen
*Caleb*


"Drake are you doing ok?" I asked him. 
"Not totally, Caleb. But I'll be fine." 
"It's just that you lookwell hungry." 
"Yeah. I am. Right now that doesn't matter. While we wait for Ariya to find us here, what exactly is her plan? Why is she working for them?" 
I looked at Drake, "It's better if I show you." 
Drake nodded. He leaned his head down. I placed the palm of my hand on his forehead and let my fingers relax on the top of his head. 


"I'm home." Ariya sighed. 
"Hey kiddo, welcome home. Everything ok?" 
"Sure." Ariya said as she slumped down onto the couch. 
I went and sat down next to her "What's wrong?" 
"We learned something new today at school." 
"Oh yeah? What did you learn?" 
"We learned about the Navi."
My eyes narrowed, "What did they tell you?" 
"They said the Navi were an extremely strong clan. That they could heal themselves, live forever without growing old, run really fast, they were strong, but they were murderers. They killed people for fun. Tortured them and enjoyed it. They drank other peoples blood and they were monsters. So one day a hero showed up and exterminated all of the Navi and their friends, the wolves. But a couple were able to escape and one day they'll get caught and killed just like the rest of their clan." 
I looked at Ariya, concerned, "You know that isn't true right?" 
"Isn't it?! I mean didn't we do all of that stuff?" 
"Part of it, yeah, you guys did. There were people that were killed, but not for fun. Did you guys drink people's blood? Yeah. But not if they weren't willing. Ariya, when you're new it is hard to control yourself because there is an instinct that you can't fight. But that is why there were rules. Those that broke the rules were given a chance to change and were retaught. Those that were rabid and were completely lost, were put down." 
Ariya sat there thinking of what I had told her. Still a little unsure. 
I sighed, "Ariya, you didn't see much of the vampire world because as a kid, we didn't want you to be exposed to it too soon. The same goes with all of the children. What they told you in school is nothing but excuses to justify the genocide. Part of their reasons weren't even true. Some of them are. But the true reason they went after us is because they can't control us. The switch's ability doesn't even work on us. The wolves and vampires worked together, lived together and merged their clans. That worried the 'government' and in turn they wiped most of us out." 
"But why?" Ariya looked at me. 
"I don't know. Maybe because they were scared of the Navi? Maybe because they couldn't control us? Maybe because we were too strong? Maybe something else?" 
"Caleb?"
"Yeah?" 
"I'm going to join them." Ariya said determined. 
"Why?" I asked, searching her eyes for the answer. 
"Because! If it is the first reason, I'll show them that there is nothing to be afraid of. But if it is something else, then I'll find out why and I'll do something about it. At the very least, maybe we can find Drake and we can go home!" 


I took my hand away from Drake's forehead. 
"She's been looking for you, Drake. All this time." 
"Did she find out why?" 
I nodded, "YeahI think so." 
"And?"
"She wouldn't tell me. All I know is that she wants one thing. Vengeance. She intends to get it. No matter how hard the road is." 
"So what is her plan then?" 
"It's pretty thorough. There is a lot involved with it. She planned for different things to happen like" 
"Ariya! Mya! Run!" A desperate voice shouted not far from us. 
Instantly my stomach churned as I knew something wasn't right. That something really bad was about to happen. Concern written all over my face, I took off. My body shivered as my eyes changed color and I turned into a wolf. I got close enough to see Ariya and her team. A rabid vampire towered over Ariya and a girl. The vampire had grabbed a piece of rebar and swung it like a bat. A loud crack sounded as the rabid connected with the back of Ariya's head.
I growled and charged forward. Just as I went to move a sharp pain caught the back of my neck and ripped me backwards. 
"Stop, Caleb!" Drake hissed, "I want to see if what Ariya thinks is true and if this rabid doesn't show me, then they're going to have to fight me next. I know you're concerned about Ariya, but she's strong. I know it. She's made it through so much already." 

###chapter Fourteen
*Caleb*


I shifted back, "Drake what are you looking for?" 
"I want to see how loyal they are to her. I want to know how they work together."
I nodded as we watched. As the girl began healing Ariya, the rabid looked at them amused. The Rabid was waiting. Waiting to see what they would do. The boy and girl with Ariya seemed scared being face to face with a vampire for the first time. Ariya seemed to rally them up because after saying something they seemed more confident. More sure of themselves. 
Ariya and the boy charged forward. Ariya drew a sword and lunged at the rabid. Easily, Ariya was sidestepped and then struck in the chest. Drake growled angrily in response to the rabid putting a hand on Ariya. 
I stepped in front of Drake, "No. You wanted to see what happened. Ariya wants to activate her ability. So trust her. We have to. Let her fight. Trust her. She's probably stronger than you think." 
The boy lunged at the rabid, also getting sidestepped and struck in the chest, but in the opposite direction as Ariya. 
"Fine," Drake said, "But why hasn't she already activated her abilities?" 
"She must not have been ready yet or had the proper motivation." I suggested. 
Ariya drew a knife and lunged at the Rabid again. Instead of getting sidestepped and struck again, the rabid jumped over Ariya. Drake growled and activated his Dragon's eye ability. His eyes went to a light brown color with a black slit. Drake watched intently as Ariya turned and ran toward the girl. The rabid grabbed one of the dropped blades and raised it above his head ready to slash down through the girl. Ariya was just fast enough to raise both of her arms. Ariya took the full force of the slash by the rabid by using her arm guards. But the blade still came down slicing through her left eye. She screamed in pain. Drake and I growled in concern but didn't move. We knew Drake could heal her if needed after. We stayed in place. 
"That's interesting." Drake stated. 
"What is?" I asked. 
"She did it. Her Dragon's eye activated. But the color is weird. It's gray, like her regular eyes. Maybe a little darker. I've seen a bunch of colors but never gray before." 
"I mean your eyes are brown, wouldn't it make sense?" 
Drake just nodded, "I guess. Their eyes were always a little different." 
The boy used the chance to use his ability to throw the sword at the rabid. Drake smirked, impressed at the teamwork between Ariya and her team. But the smirk quickly vanished as the sword buried itself deep into the wood missing its target. Ariya ran towards the boy, her arm reaching out as if she could reach the boy. Drake and I leaned forward in anticipation of what would happen. 
"Link!" Ariya shouted desperately.
Link looked up at the rabid, knowing death was about to come. 
"No way." Drake breathed, surprised that she was easily able to activate both abilities so quickly. 
"STOP IT!" Ariya shouted. 
Suddenly, a protective black dome appeared over Link. A loud clang echoed throughout the area as the sword the rabid held hit Ariya's black dome over Link. Angrily the rabid charged Ariya with everything he had, slamming into her. 
"NO!" Drake and I shouted. 
Ariya flew through the air until she landed being impaled through the chest with a metal rod. My heart sank and my stomach churned. I growled angrily, unable to stop myself, my body shivered, my eyes changed and I shifted into wolf form. Drake growled angrily as well. His eyes changed to red with a black slit as his canines grew into fangs. Ariya's team screamed as they saw what happened to her. 
The anger in Drake's eyes told me he wanted to kill who he felt was responsible. The question was, was it Link who Ariya saved or the Rabid who struck Ariya, making the metal rod impale her through the chest? 

###chapter Fifteen
*Caleb*


Drake stepped forward ready to fight. Link screamed at what he saw and glared hatefully at the vampire. The black dome had shattered when the metal rod impaled Ariya through the chest. 
"Mya! Check on Ariya and please tell me she is still alive!" Link called out to the girl. 
"And you! You're going to pay for that!" Link shouted angrily at the Rabid. 
Link jumped and flipped launching piece after piece of rubble, rocks, metal, and anything else he could throw at the rabid. Emotions were a powerful amplifier. Link was intent on killing the rabid for what he did to Ariya. Drake and I stayed put. Watching what was happening. The rabid dodged Link's attempts to hit him. The rabid then picked up a blade and launched it at Link. While the blade went soaring through the air, Link dropped a beam on top of the Rabid impaling the Rabid through his stomach. The blade the Rabid launched connected with Link's shoulder slicing through a few layers of skin. 
Drake tensed up, "He's not dead yet." 
Link ran over to Ariya and Mya. 
"Go to the left. That Rabid is mine." Drake growled. 
As I got close to my position, Drake appeared behind the Rabid. Holding his right hand in a point, Drake used his energy manipulation over his right hand and up to his elbow to create a blade. In one swift movement, Drake pulled his arm back and struck right through the center of the rabid vampire's chest. Drake growled and ripped his hand out of the dead rabid vampire's corpse. The Rabid dropped to the ground. Drake moved forward towards Ariya and Link dropped the bar he was holding. As I approached on the left I growled in warning to them. Mya and Link spun to face me before landing on their butt. Mya clung onto Ariya. Link backed away. His hand touched the metal bar he dropped and he swung it. 
"Get away from us!" Link shouted. 
I growled in response to Link's threat. Drake and I didn't move further. I looked at Ariya, then back to Drake, then back to Ariya and whined. I wasn't going anywhere without her. 
"We're not going anywhere. Not without her." Drake said unaffected by Link's threat. 
"You think we're gonna let you do that?!" Link said. 
"You don't have a choice." Drake growled. 
Link and Drake glared at each other. Mya stayed with Ariya. 
"I can save her," She said. 
Drake laughed. "You think you can heal her? You have no idea." 
"I can do it!" Mya shouted determinedly. 
"The second you pull her down from there, she's going to bleed out. No one can heal her. Not you. Not even me. The only thing that will save her is if she turns." Drake told them. 
"You're wrong!" Link shouted. 
"Then get her off of there." Drake told them. 
Determined to try, Link grabbed Ariya and pulled her from the metal rod sticking out of her chest. Ariya coughed and spat up blood as she was pulled off. I whined as they did it, not wanting Ariya to be in any more pain. Ariya looked at Drake, her eyes filled with pain and fear. Drake and I instinctively took a step forward. Link placed Ariya on the ground. Mya began trying to heal Ariya but the damage was too great. Ariya was bleeding out. Mya refused to give up even as Ariya blacked out. 
"Help me!" Mya shouted, begging Drake. 
"It won't change what happens to her." Drake said, focused on Ariya. I could see the pain and concern in his eyes.
Without warning, Link gripped the metal bar he had, spun and lunged at Drake impaling Drake through his rib cage. Drake hollered in pain as he instinctively grabbed Link's arm that held the bar with one hand and with the other he held Link around his throat. Drake coughed up blood and growled, glaring hatefully at Link. 
In response to Link, I lunged at Mya, knocking her to the side, I held her down with a paw and with my teeth at her throat I growled angrily. 

###chapter Sixteen
*Caleb*


Drake bared his fangs growling at Link. 
"I'm notgoing tolet youtake her." Link choked out. 
"What makes you think you can stop me?" Drake challenged Link through gritted teeth. "Besides, she'll turn soon." 
"No. I won'tlet you." 
"I don't have to turn her. She'll turn on her own. It is her birthright after all." Drake growled. 
Realization hit Link's face, "You've beenlookingfor her. She'syour Granddaughter. Tex was right." 
"So why are you going to let her die? Wouldn't that be the worst way for her to turn?" Mya asked. 
Drake's expression softened. He looked to Mya, then to me, then to Ariya, and back to Link. Growling he shoved Link off of him, leaving the metal rod in his ribcage. Growling, Drake grabbed the metal rod and tugged at it, pulling it out of his ribcage. He looked at the metal rod that was red with his blood. 
"If you try that again, I'll probably end up killing you and not by choice" Drake growled at Link. 
Link nodded and sat up. Drake dropped the metal rod. 
"Let her go, Caleb." Drake told me. 
I did as Drake instructed and backed away a bit. Mya got up and placed both of her hands over the hole in Ariya's chest. 
"I'm going to save her!" Mya shouted, summoning all her strength. Her ability went to a new level as she started healing Ariya at double the speed she was before. Drake placed his hand over the hole in his side and began healing himself as well. I looked at Drake. He shouldn't have to do that. His body should heal on its own. Unless he was just that weak and hungry right now. Drake let his eyes go back to normal and his fangs receded. But his eyes were darker than normal. 
"You will wear yourself out at that pace" Drake told Mya. 
"I have to." Mya said already starting to lose strength.
"Let me help you." Drake said, placing his hand over Mya's as she nodded. 
Drake gasped and began breathing quicker out of his mouth as he helped Mya heal Ariya. The strength began draining out of Drake as he concentrated on healing. 
"You're really weak right now" Mya said to Drake. 
Drake looked up at Mya, "Yeah. Mya, if this doesn't work and she turns, Ariya and I won't be able to be near you guys for a bit." 
Mya and Link nodded in understanding. Mya and Drake continued trying to heal Ariya, their strength draining from them fast. Ariya continued to bleed out. Suddenly Drake clenched his teeth and growled. His eyes narrowed and his upper lip curled above his canine. Drake's eyes began to change and his canines began to grow into fangs. Drake struggled to maintain control. I went over to Drake and bit his shirt. I tugged at it whining at Drake. Using a paw, I scratched at his side. 
"Let go. I can't hang on anymore either. She is losing too much blood." Mya told Drake. 
They both removed their hands. Mya fell back and Link caught her, holding her up. Drake let go and turned, holding his head, trying to regain control. As Ariya bled out, she spat up blood again. Then after a couple seconds, her body tensed up and she screamed in agony. 
"What's happening?" Mya cried, concerned. 
"She's turning." Drake said simply, now back in control. 
Ariya continued screaming. Her hands balled up into fists. Her body arched, withering in pain. Her eyes flew open and started to change color. Her lip curled above her canines as they forced their way out more, forming into fangs. 
"You both have a decision to make." Drake said, looking at Link and Mya. "Will you help her, kill her, or run?" 
"What do you think?!" Link said drawing a knife from his side. 

###chapter Seventeen
*Caleb*


The muscles in Link's arm tensed as he brought the blade down. My body shivered as I growled and phased back. I dove over Ariya and grabbed Link's other arm. 
"Stop. You don't want to do that." I told Link.
"Why not? She needs it doesn't she?" Link asked. 
"She does need it. But doing what you're about to do isn't what you need." I told him.
"I don't understand" 
"What Caleb is trying to tell you is that if you do what you're about to, you will make a commitment that you're not prepared for, Link." Drake said, nodding towards the blade that Link was going to use to cut his own hand open to complete the transition for Ariya. 
"What type of commitment?" Link asked. 
"Don't worry about it. Not only will it take a minute to explain, you don't need to be doing that. Do you understand?" Drake asked Link. 
"Yeah, but if I don't" Link said trailing off. 
"I will." I said. 
"Caleb" Drake started. 
"Drake, I know what it means. I'm fine with it. I understand and I can live with it." I interrupted him. 
"But Caleb, you don't have all the information" Drake warned. 
"Don't try to stop me DrakeI know what I'm doing." I told him. 
I held my hand out to Link for him to hand me the blade. Link hesitated, unsure for a moment. 
"Hand it over." I told Link. 
Drake shifted closer. 
"What Drake?" I asked, "What are you so worried about? I know the risk. I know the consequences. I'm prepared to take the chance and the consequences along with it." 
"Calebit's justyou know it's getting hard to control myself right? You can't do it yet. I get that you are prepared for it. But have you really thought this through? Fully through?" Drake asked. 
"Leave for a minute then, Drake. Take those two with you. They don't need to see this." I told him. 
Drake nodded, "Have you fully thought this through, Caleb?" 
"Drake, I've been thinking of this since we left that day. I had no idea when she would turn. I had no idea whenor if you were coming back. And if you did come back, would you be here in time? Drake I've thought this through. For the last 14 years, I've thought about this. My answer never changed. Not since day 1. I'm willing and I'm prepared to face the consequences. So let me. Trust me, Drake." I told him. 
Drake nodded. Link handed me the blade. 
"Get out of here." I told them. 
"I'm staying." Mya said, holding Ariya's hand. 
I looked at her. She was sure. She didn't want to leave Ariya. She probably wouldn't leave her. I could tell instantly that she looked up to Ariya. I wasn't completely sure why, but Ariya was an amazing person, it wouldn't be that hard to find a reason. Mya's eyes were made of steel. They were sure. Sure she could handle it, sure she wanted to be there. My eyes narrowed. I looked at Drake. He nodded at me to continue. Neither of Ariya's team were going to leave her right now. They were protective over her. I stared at Drake wondering if he could handle it in his state. Drake nodded at me in understanding, telling me he could and he had enough control to make it. 
I nodded at Drake. Gripping the blade, I brought it up to eye level. I grabbed the blade with my other hand, letting it dig in, biting my flesh. With a quick movement, I pulled my hands apart, letting the blade dig deeper into my hand. I gasped from the pain. As the blood ran down my hand and arm, Drake's eyes narrowed, with his jaw clenched tight, Drake's lip curled over his canines as they turned into fangs. Drake stared at me, hungry. 

###chapter Eighteen
*Ariya* 


As he released me, I stared at him. Unsure of everything that just happened. 
"Does it all make sense now, Ariya?" Caleb asked me. 
"Yeah. That was a lot of information. I'm still absorbing everything." 
"Yeah. It will feel like that at first kiddo. There was a lot that happened." Caleb laughed. 
"It's weird though. It's so different from what I remember" I told Caleb, all of it sinking in. 
"I know. But you have to remember. A lot happened. My memory of it should fill in the blanks." 
"It does, but it is still weird. I remember parts differently, but like you said. I was in and out a lot." 
Caleb looked up, "We don't have much time left here. In a couple seconds you'll wake up." 
I nodded in understanding as the world around me faded out to black. 
- 
I opened my eyes and released Caleb. 
"I don't know how to heal you." I told him. 
"Don't worry about it. You'll have to learn it later." 
"How long has it been since I left the house?" 
"About 7 hours." Caleb told me. 
"Good. Then we still have time." I looked at him knowingly. 
Caleb nodded, "So what are you going to do now?" 
"Depends on their answer." 
As I headed to the room where Link and Mya were. I bumped into Drake. 
"Hey. How do you feel?" Drake asked me, he saw Caleb and walked over and healed him, then returned to me. 
"A lot better. Stronger." 
"There's a lot that you have to learn now, Ariya." 
"Well it's going to have to wait." I told him. 
"Ariya" Drake warned. 
"No Drake! You don't get to choose this time! You left ME! FOR 14 YEARS!" I shouted, seeing red. "I expected a couple months, but 14 years?! You abandoned Caleb and I! And I don't even know whyMaybe one day we can figure it out and you can tell me, but I have a deadline to make. This time we are going to follow my plan. You're just going to have to trust me Drake" I hadn't realized how much I had held in, but it felt good to finally let it out. 
Link and Mya came out from around the corner. 
Drake nodded, "You're right. There's a lot to explain. I'm sorry, Ariya. I'll follow your plan, but you're going to have to tell me." 
"I will, but for now. Trust me." 
Drake nodded in response so I looked at Link and Mya, "So you didn't try to kill me" 
I watched their expressions. They didn't seem afraid or shocked or even nervous. They both seemed like they had already decided their fate. 
"Here's the thing, Link, Mya. You both have a decision to make. I'll give you an hour to think through it separately. What you choose is completely up to you. Ok?" 
They nodded in response so I continued. 
"You can join me right now and fight with me or you can take me as your prisoner and head back. I won't fight or resist you. Drake and Caleb will let us leave without resistance. You both will be allowed to return to Boss with me as your captive. The choice is yours. You have an hour to decide." 
Mya and Link looked at each other and nodded without speaking. 
"We don't need an hour. We've already decided." They told me. 
"So then, what's it going to be? Will you stand and fight with me? Or take me prisoner and turn me in?" 

###chapter Nineteen
*Ariya*


"Are you ready for this, Link?" I asked him. 
"NoNot really" Link laughed nervously. 
I laughed, "Me either." 
"So remind me of the plan again, Ariya?" Link asked. 
"Well, you wanted to fight with me right? You and Mya?" They nodded in response, "So, we have been gone for about 8 hours now. Which means we have to explain what we have been doing and why we haven't communicated back. So, we have to fight. Best person to fight is Drake. Not only will we learn more about our abilities but we will have injuries too. Mya will have to work hard to heal all of mine so when I show up without a mark on me, we don't have to explain why. Make sense?" 
"Yeah, and after we follow the rest of the plan." 
"Right." 
I looked to Mya, who nodded in understanding. After gaining their nod in understanding, letting me know they were ready, I looked at Drake. 
"Are you ready?" I asked. 
Drake placed his hand on my head and ruffled my hair, "Yes, and you'll do fine. I'll see you soon after this, ok?" 
I nodded, "You'll have 15 minutes. Don't hold back. Then you'll have a 15 minute head start to get out of here and that will give Mya a 15 minute timeline to heal Link and I before they should arrive at the earliest." 
Drake nodded. Then Drake got a sly smile on his face and with one hand struck me in the chest sending me flying backwards. I landed against a rock and the air whooshed out of me. 
"Ahhhowow,ow,owAhh" I grumbled in pain, "That hurtYou jerk I wasn't expecting that." I looked at Drake with a smirk on my face. 
Drake smiled, "Well if that is how you plan to fight this will be easy." 
I stood up using the rock to support me. As I let go of the rock a sharp pain shot through my body. I cried out in pain as I fell to the ground. As I coughed and spat up blood, Drake was right beside me. 
"It's alright. Focus Ariya. Can you feel what is happening?" Drake asked me, helping me up. 
I nodded. My ribs broke from the impact and were working on healing themselves. The pain slowly disappeared but replacing it was a small feeling of hunger. I looked at Link and he nodded in understanding. Quickly I grabbed hold of Drake as Link threw a pole using his ability. Shocked, Drake looked at me as I smirked. The pole hit its target, burying itself through the lower left of Drake's ribcage. Drake roared out in pain. Without warning Drake grabbed me and hugged me, letting the metal rod sink into the middle of my chest. I cried out in pain as the rod bit into where I'd been impaled atDrake grabbed the metal rod and held it in place while he pulled his body off of the rod. Gasping for air I dropped to my knees holding the metal rod that was buried in my chest. 
"You're going to have to pull the rod out yourself, Ariya." Drake told me. "Your body won't heal otherwise." 
I looked up to Drake, knowing he was right. I forced myself to stand. I grabbed hold of the rod and tugged. I cried out in pain. Drake put his hand on my head and looked at me concerned. 
"I know it hurts. But the pain is only temporary. Keep that in mind and you should be able to do it. I believe in you little one. You're strong. Just like him." Drake said to me. 
I nodded in understanding. I could feel my eyes harden as I ignored the pain. While it still hurt, Drake was right. It was only temporary. I grabbed hold of the rod and ripped it out of my chest. I gasped as I freed myself. I could feel my body healing itself. Just like before, the pain was replaced by hunger. I could feel my healing slowing down immensely. 
"Your body won't heal much after that. Depending on the amount of damage and where, depends on how much you can heal. In other words those big wounds took just about all your healing, until you feed again that is." Drake explained to me. 
He was right. The first attack he hit me with broke a bunch of ribs and punctured my lungs. The second attack went through my chest hitting some major internal areas. 
"Looks like you can control yourself fairly well. Now it's just time to make you and Link bleeda lot." Drake smiled sadly, "Good luck little one." 
"Link! Ariya!" Mya screamed. 

###chapter Twenty
*Ariya*


As I sat there slumped against the rock, bleeding out, Mya ran to me. 
"It's going to be ok, Ariya! I'm going to heal you! Everything is going to be fine." Mya said frantically. 
Pretending to be unconscious, I could hear footsteps approaching us. I felt Mya's hands on my rib cage as she healed the damage. As Mya approached the worst of the damage, I spat up blood right when the footsteps arrived. 
"What the hell happened here?!" Justin shouted, a sound of worry in his voice. 
"We found Drake!" Mya shouted through tears, "He almost killed them!" 
"He was here?!" Jutin asked, a mix of anger and fear in his voice. 
"YesJustin! I need your help. I need to get Ariya flat on her back. Hurry! Please!" Mya cried out. 
"Oh my God" Justin said as he saw all the blood coming from my head. 
Mya placed both her hands on my head as she started healing me. Justin touched his ear piece to key his radio. 
"Boss, we have a situation." Justin said, "Yes, I found them. They're in pretty bad condition, Mya is trying to heal Ariya right now. Seems they ran into DrakeYes sir, we'll wait for you to get here." 
"How long before he is here?" Mya asked Justin. 
"About 10 minutes. Are you going to be able to finish healing her?" Justin asked. 
"Yes, I'm almost done now. I'm just closing all the wounds. That should give me enough time to close Link's wounds too." Mya told him. 
"I'll help Link get over here." Justin told Mya. 
As Justin helped Link over to Mya and I, I could feel Mya closing the last of my wounds. Once Mya closed the last of them, I slowly opened my eyes up. With my right hand I reached up and grabbed Mya's hand. Mya gasped, surprised. 
"Ariya!" She cried out, and hugged me, "You're ok!" 
"Thank you, Mya." I told her, hugging back. Mya released me and helped me sit up. After I was propped up, she went to Link and began closing his wounds. As I leaned against the rock, Justin came over to me. 
"You alright?" Justin asked, his hands touched the left side of my face. "You have a scar now" 
"Yeah, thanks to Mya, I'm ok. It's just a scar. Not the end of the world. At least I can see." 
"No kidding." Justin nodded, but he still looked concerned. He helped me sit up and pulled his jacket off putting it over me. I looked at him wide-eyed. He didn't say anything, just sat next to me, waiting for Boss to arrive.  
As Mya finished closing up the last of Link's wounds, Boss arrived. Boss looked around in horror at the scene. Blood was everywhere. On the rocks, rubble, ground, our clothes, metal rods, and our bodies. Even though Mya healed us, there was still blood all over us. The air was thick with it. We looked as if we had killed hundreds of people. Just the sight of the scene was frightening. 
"What happened?" Boss asked. 
I started from the beginning, "We were tracking down Drake. We came across a construction zone, cut ourselve getting over the fence. Ran into a vampire. We got beat up pretty bad. During the fight we broke our coms and couldn't communicate back. Just when we thought we were going to be killed, Drake showed up and killed the vampire. He called it a Rabid and took off. We tried chasing him down and I ended up in a struggle with him. Then his hand got cut and he took off again. We tracked him here where we fought him. Obviously we lost." 
"But you guys are alive" Boss said, "It looked like you guys were all killed at the first location, and more so at this one" 
"I know. He didn't want us though. He just kept taking off." 
"You should have come back and got new coms when your first ones broke. You're lucky you guys are alive." Boss chastised us. 
I nodded, "You're right, I'm sorry. We were trying to catch Drake though." 
"Well let's get you all home so you can get cleaned up, rest and meet back up at work and we can figure out what to do next." Boss said. 
 - 
When I got home, I was still a mess. I could feel the hunger bubbling up inside me but I ignored it. I opened the door to the house. 
"I'm home." I announced to let Drake and Caleb know that it was safe. 
"I did a sweep. The place is clean. You look like hell kiddo. How are you feeling?" Caleb asked. 
A soft growl escaped from me. Caleb looked at me concerned, then glared at Drake as Drake came up behind me. 
"Sorry. I was a little rough. But it had to look believable." Drake said. 
Caleb looked back at me, "How hungry are you, Ariya?" 
I growled and my eyes changed color as my canines formed into fangs. I stared at the ground. 
"You can't drink too much, little one." Drake said, putting his hand on my head. 
Caleb looked at Drake and nodded. 
"I'll stop you when it's time." Drake promised, taking his hand off of my head. 
I looked at Caleb who nodded, then cocked his head to the side. I sunk my fangs in and drank. Just like Drake promised he stopped me. I then went to clean myself up. When I was clean we all sat down to talk. 
"Did he believe what you told him?" Caleb asked. 
"I think so, but he is still suspicious." I told Caleb. 
Caleb nodded in response. I looked at Drake. 
"Why do you seem so concerned?" I asked. 
Drake sighed, "I haven't seen Keothi since that night, Ariya" 

###chapter Twenty One
*Ariya*


When I got back to work the next day we had a debriefing. Boss went over what we found. No one went back to the house. They tried finding a scent and didn't get anywhere. No other information came out of interrogating Tex. They interrogated others and found nothing else. When they kept coming up empty they went to the overpass. Finding no trace of us there they tried to contact us. When we didn't respond they grew concerned. So they went out mile by mile and checked in before moving out further. By that time, 6 hours had passed. They found the bloody mess from our first battle with the rabid vampire. 
We went over that fight for a bit. Everyone seemed terrified when we told them the amount of damage that Link had done to the rabid and the rabid still got up. No one could comprehend why Drake would save us. But they didn't question it too much. After they had seen the scene they scoured the area we fought in for signs of life. Finding nothing and only one body they continued searching. 
Eventually, Justin found us and called it in. From there all other search parties were disbanded and Boss came to see us. Like the first fight, we went over this one in closer detail. Everyone was again, surprised and amazed that we didn't get killed. Once all the information was on the table, Boss dismissed everyone but me. 
"Ariya, I have a special task I need you to complete," Boss told me. 
"Of course, what is it?" I asked. 
"We found and captured another person that might have information on Drake's whereabouts. However, it is proving to be difficult to get information out of them." 
My eyes narrowed, "Why not use a Switch?" 
"They were all dispatched looking for you guys. But, now that you're back, I figured you could partner up with Olivia again and see what you both could get out of them." Boss said. 
"Of course, I'll go get Olivia and we'll meet you at the interrogation room." I told him. 
"Thank you." Boss smiled. 
As I went to leave to go find Olivia, Boss hollered out, "Oh and Ariya, it's interrogation room number 3." 
"Yes, sir." 
That was odd. We only had one other person that we were interrogating. Tex and this mystery person. It didn't make sense to use the third room if we only had two people. Maybe I didn't know who the third person was. I didn't take too much time to think of it. I quickly went to find Olivia. Once I found her I told her what Boss requested. She then went with me where we met up with Boss. Boss stayed behind the one way glass while Olivia and I walked into the cold, dark room. 
Boss flicked on the light to reveal who we were interrogating. Just like Tex, the person's hands and feet were bound to the chair. As I saw who we were interrogating I froze. A lump caught in my throat and concern was written all over my face. I couldn't believe it. Keo. He really was alive.

###chapter Twenty Two
*Ariya*


The shock of seeing Keo made me forget what I was supposed to do for a second. I felt a pull in my chest, happy he was alive.  I was lucky that the one way glass was to my back and that there were no cameras. Olivia usually hid in the back to be a big reveal. I suddenly grew very angry that they had Keo. I wanted to kill Boss right then and there, but we would never make it out. Keo stared at me expressionless. My eyebrows pushed together and I let my eyes change and my fangs came out. 
"Well, what do we have here? What's your name?" I asked, letting my fangs go back to canines and my eyes go back to normal. 
"Keo." He said, eyeing me suspiciously, playing the part. 
"So, Keo. Why don't you tell me what you know?" I said playing my part. 
"Go to hell. You think I'm going to tell you anything?" 
I laughed, "Don't you know how this works? You realize we'll get all the truthful answers out of you, one way or the other right?" 
"What with a Switch? I'm so scared." Keo sneered. 
I smirked, "You realize there's no one who can stop a Switch from getting into your mind right?" 
"There is though. The Navi." Keo said confidently. 
"Is that so? Because I don't see any Navi around here that can prevent my friend from getting into your mind." I told him hoping he would understand that I had no idea how to keep them out of his mind. I hadn't seen Keo in 14 years. His real name was Keothi. Most that knew him only knew him as Keo, only a few knew his full name. I didn't know if anything had changed in the last 14 years.  
Keo smirked, "My mind is already locked, but you're welcome to try to break through." 
A weight lifted off of my chest as I realized he meant Drake. Drake must have locked his mind and protected it before they went looking for me. 
"Have it your way." I said, stepping to the back, while Olivia moved forward. 
Hiding in the shadows, I figured I would try to create a block on Keo's mind. As Olivia stepped forward I focused on Keo's mind. I thought about creating a shield over it. Olivia pulled out an electric rod and jabbed it into Keo's side. Keo hollered out from the pain. Somehow a force pushed Olivia back. Annoyed that it didn't work, Olivia tried again. She rammed the rod into Keo's side again. Keo cried out in pain from the electricity. His eyes flew open this time. Keo's eyes were pure black. Suddenly Olivia got thrown backward. I helped Olivia up as Keo's eyes went back to normal. Olivia's nose was bleeding. 
"I told you, you could try." Keo sneered. 
At that moment, Boss walked in. 
"If he can't be broken by our Switch, then you know what to do, Ariya." Boss said. 
"Boss, I don't know if torture is going to" I started to say. 
"Just do it, Ariya!" Boss shouted at me. 
I clenched my jaw. I couldn't do it. I couldn't hurt Keo. Not how he wanted me to. 
"What? Don't have the stomach to torture someone, little girl." Keo baited me. 
I knew he was giving me the go ahead. I grabbed Olivia's electric rod from her and jabbed Keo in his thigh. Keo screamed in pain. 
"Tell us what you know!" I shouted. 
"Never! But keep going with the electricity, it's starting to tickle. Probably the only effective technique you have anyway," Keo spat at me. 
I punched him in his stomach, hard. He doubled over, coughing. His lips lightly brushed my arm and I knew it was his way of telling me that it was ok. He could take it. 
"Sorry, I don't like bringing out the big guns immediately, you know? I may be a girl, but keep in mind, you're being beat up by a girl right now." I sneered back. 
"Apologies," Keo said as he looked up at me, "You definitely have a strong swing. That doesn't mean I'm going to tell you anything though. You're welcome to keep trying." 
I clenched my jaw. Angry at Boss for putting me on the spot, I would make him pay. I took a few swings at Keo, hitting him in the face. I hated myself for doing this. The door opened and Justin walked in. I hit Keo in the gut again and he coughed up blood. 
"Tell us!" 
"Sorry little one, you're never going to get anything out of me. You'll have to kill me before you get me to talk." 
I grabbed the electric rod and jabbed Keo in the gut again with it. He screamed in pain. 
"Give me that." Justin said to me, trading me a knife for the electric rod. Keo looked at him wide-eyed.
I turned back to Keo and with sorrow in my eyes I raised the knife. 
"Last chance." I told him. 
"My real name is Keothi. And I'll die before I talk." Keo said looking up at me, a smirk on his face. At that moment it was like something clicked into place for me.  
As I brought the knife down, Justin grabbed my hand and Olivia jabbed me in the back with the electric rod. I cried out in pain as the current went through me. Keo stared at us, wide eyed. While I was being electrocuted, Justin put cuffs on my wrists. Then he grabbed both of my elbows squeezing them together holding me in place. 
"What the hell is going on?!" I shouted confused, looking at Boss. 
"We have it on good knowledge that you're a Navi, Ariya." Boss sneered. 
"You're wrong." I told him. 
Justin shoved me hard against the wall. I hit the corner of the window right above my right eye. Keo growled in the background. Blood gushed out from the wound. Justin grabbed me and faced me to Boss again. 
"Boss, look at me! I'm bleeding. If I was a Navi, would I be able to do that?" I pleaded with him. 
The door opened again and Mya walked in. "Stop lying, Ariya. Admit what you are." Mya told me. 
I stared at Mya, wide eyed. She pulled out a knife and sliced her hand open. Mya gasped in pain and the blood flowed out from her wound. I stared at her hand. I resisted the urge to turn. 
"Mya! What are you doing?!" I cried out. 
Olivia jabbed me in the side with the electric rod again. I cried out in pain as I tried moving away from the current. Justin held me in place. Every time they electrocuted me I got a little hungrier. Mya's hand didn't help matters at all either. 
The door opened up again and Link walked in. Link walked over to Mya and grabbed the knife. Then he walked over to me. 
"Stop lying, Ariya. They know the truth. They know you are a Navi. They know you are Drake's granddaughter. So stop lying already." Link told me. 
Link pointed the knife at my throat and I tried to move back but Justin wouldn't let me. Link smirked and used the knife to cut my shirt off. I was terrified. By doing so, Link revealed the scar on my chest from where I'd been impaled. At least he was nice enough to leave my bra unscathed. 
"Interesting how you could get a scar that big in the center of your chest and not die," Boss cooed. 
"Let me go." I pleaded, my breathing picking up, I was so scared I was sure Keo was going to feel my fear. I was sure everyone could feel it. 
"You know, after they told me, I remembered something, Ariya. That night, 14 years ago, I ran into Drake's grandchildren. I tried to kill the girl that night. She stared at me with fear as I brought my sword down. However, the little boy got in the way to protect her. He shoved her out of the way and my sword missed where I wanted to hit. Instead, I gave the boy an upside down Y shaped scar on his left eye. The same scar you have now, Ariya. Which is interesting because you just got yours. But it reminded me of that. And this boy, Keothi, has that same scar over his left eye. You both have the most interesting gray eyes I've seen. As I went to kill the boy the first time, Drake showed up and instead of killing me when Drake had the chance, he got you both out of the way and saved you. That didn't last too long though. I got the boy later when they were trying to escape. But the girl, she got away."  
I stared at Boss, nervous of what he was going to do next. I didn't remember all of that. I remembered trying to escape. I remembered Keo dying, but he's here, alive. Boss drew a sword and grinned his demonic grin. My breathing quickened. Boss took the sword and plunged it into my chest. Right where I'd been impaled. I roared in pain, then spit up blood. 
"How does it feel, Ariya? To know that you were betrayed by everyone here?! Your team told me the truth and exposed everything. That boy over there, the look on his face tells me I'm right and that he cares about you." 
I gasped for air. Looking at Boss. He looked at his work, proud. He grabbed the sword and twisted it in my chest. I cried out in pain. 
"Take her to interrogation room 5! We'll deal with her in a minute!" Boss shouted victoriously. "Oh! And chain her up! I don't want her sitting in a chair!" 
Blood ran out of my mouth from the wound that Boss gave me. As Justin shoved me out of interrogation room 3. All I could think about was what Boss said mockingly. 
"How does it feel, Ariya? To know that you were betrayed by everyone here?!" 

###chapter Twenty Three
*Ariya*


"Stop! Please stop!" Keo shouted as they went to shove me out of the interrogation room.
"Little boy, it's too late to help her now." Boss mocked. 
"You're wrong though!" Keo pleaded. 
"Oh?" Boss raised an eyebrow, intrigued. 
"She wasn't who we were looking for!" 
Boss waved his hand, gesturing to Justin to bring me over. Obeying the order, Justin spun me back towards the room and shoved me forward. I stumbled, the strength from me drained. Boss grabbed me around the throat with one hand and with the other he gripped the blade still through my chest. I coughed up blood again. 
"She hasn't even turned yet. Why would we bother looking for her?! She's useless to us." Keo continued. 
"Wow, Ariya." Boss snickered, "Even the Navi don't give a damn about you." 
With one rough movement, Boss twisted and yanked the sword out of my chest. I gasped in pain as I fell to the floor, landing near Keo. 
"Ariya!" Keo screamed, pulling against his restraints. 
"You're wrong" I wheezed. 
I could feel myself losing control. The amount of blood loss was adding to how hungry I was. Things were already bad, and if I couldn't keep in control, things would get a whole lot worse. But what could I do? I was practically alone in this fight. Surrounded by enemies that were not only lethal in their own way, but also tempting me as every second passed. 
"What was that?" Boss asked, unsure of what I said. 
"You're wrong." Keo intervened, "It was that we didn't care about her. It was easier to protect her by leaving her in plain sight, without any knowledge of who she was." 
With the last of my strength I used my legs and head to maneuver myself onto my side. The effort I put into it made the wound bleed a bit more. I coughed up blood. Determined to say what I wanted, I looked at Keo. 
"Whatare youtalking..about?" I forced myself to say. 
Keo looked at me concerned, "Ariyado you even remember what happened that night? Like every second of it? Do you remember seeing me the night of the fire? Do you know where your father is? Better yet, WHO your father is? What about Annarin? Do you remember Annarin? Or your mother? What about Ivan? Drake locked away your memories, so that you wouldn't be able to get caught." 
"What exactly are you trying to say?" Boss asked, suspiciously. 
"I'm saying that Ariya didn't know anything about who she was until you opened your big mouth! Drake locked away her memories until she turned and met 1 condition." 
"What was the condition?" Boss pushed. 
"I" Keo paused, "I can't say"
"Fineso be it." Boss said frustrated, "Get her up! We'll get it out of her, one way or another!" 
Keo looked down at me where I lay by his feet concerned. Justin grabbed me roughly and shoved me onto my back.
"You know, the thing about locks," I started to say as Justin leaned down grabbing me by the shirt, "is that they can always be unlocked." 
As Justin lifted me up, Boss' eyes narrowed at my comment, Keo's face showed realization, and I made my decision on my next move.
"NO!!!" 

###chapter Twenty Four
*Ariya*


I couldn't hold back anymore. As Justin dragged me to my feet, everyone's eyes were on me, including Justin's, but it was too late. With one swift movement, I launched myself forward sinking my fangs into Justin's neck. Justin gasped in pain and tried shoving me off of him. I could feel the strength returning to me. I pulled my arms apart as hard as I could, breaking the cuffs. With my hands free, I grabbed hold of Justin. 
"NO!!!" Keo screamed, "ARIYA STOP!!" 
Justin continued trying to shove me off. I released Justin for a second, but I wanted more. I needed more. This time I bit down hard onto the artery. I could feel the blood pouring out. A growl escaped me as I started losing control. Justin stopped fighting me. I could hear his heart slowing down. I looked over at Keo while I continued. 
"Ariya! You have to stop! Please!" Keo begged me. 
A small whine on my right caught my attention. Then a sharp pain vibrated through my body. I cried out in pain, releasing Justin who fell back and slid to the floor. I turned and glared, growling hatefully at Olivia who just electrocuted me. I barred my fangs at her and shoved her into the wall as hard as I could. She hit the wall and then crumpled up into a heap on the floor - unconscious. As I started towards her, a blade whistled through the air and then buried itself into my right shoulder. I growled in response to the blade, then took my left hand and ripped the blade out. I stared at the blade in my left hand, glaring at it. To my left Justin coughed and gasped for air. 
"Oh my gosh! Justin!" Mya cried out, running to him. 
Mya kneeled down and began healing him. Her left leg touched my foot and I instantly calmed down and regained control. My fangs receded and my eyes went back to normal. I turned and looked at Link and Boss. They eyed me suspiciously as I cut the ropes holding Keo in the chair. 
"We're leaving. Now." I told them. 
"You're going to pay for all of this, Ariya!" Boss told me with acid in his voice, "Just you wait Ariya. I'm gonna kill you." 
"Try me." I told him. 
"One day, Ariya. One day. When the time is right." 
With that, Keo and I turned to leave. As we cleared the door we bolted down the hallway. Keo pulled his shirt off and handed it to me. I grabbed it and pulled it over my head, thankful that I wasn't as exposed anymore. I saw the same type of scar in the center of his chest. I wanted to ask but there wasn't time. Boss would sound the alarm at any moment. As we ran down the hallway making turn after turn to navigate through the building the alarm sirens went off. Keo and I grabbed our heads, the siren sent waves of pain through us. The siren hurt everyone that was near it, so it didn't last too long. As the siren wails stopped, Keo and I went to continue running. After I passed by a corner, a shadow popped up and sliced Keo's arm as we ran by. Keo gasped in pain. I growled in response and grabbed the shadow. I threw him hard against the wall, just like I did with Olivia. Just like Olivia, the Shadow crumpled into a heap on the floor, unconscious. I immediately went to Keo. 
"Are you ok?" I asked, concerned. 
"Yeah, he didn't get me too bad." Keo said, lifting his arm up to see the wound.
"Keo" I trailed off, concerned about him. 
"Stop worrying so much." Keo said, grabbing me and pulling me to him. He kissed the top of my head. I buried my face in his chest. He was warm. 
"ButI justI don't remember everything and I don't understand." 
Keo held me tighter for a second and then let go. Blood gushed out of his arm more and I stepped back growling. I was losing control again. I was still hungry. My fangs pushed their way out and my eyes changed color. My breathing quickened as I tried to maintain control. 
"Ariya?" Keo called my name, confused. 
I walked closer toward him, hungry. 
"It's ok, Ari. You can feed from me if you want, I won't stop you. But it's not going to help you at all. Only Caleb can really do that right now. Unless you wanna start killing everyone here." He said looking at me, his expression soft. 
After hearing Caleb's name, and the name that I felt so familiar to coming from him, I stopped and looked at Keo confused. 
"You weren't supposed to get the same scars as me, Ari." Keo said, brushing his hand over my left eye. He was one of the only people who ever called me Ari. 
Keo's eyes changed and his fangs came out. I stared at him wide-eyed. 
"How?" I breathed, he looked like he was still the same age as me, but when we turned we didn't age anymore. 
"Later, you needed to know that I did, but right now we need to go. I will explain it all in detail as soon as we can. But we need to get out of here. For now, it's just something to do with our weirdo twin thing." Keo said grinning wide. 
I laughed and hugged him tightly. Forgetting completely about the hunger I felt. "I've missed you, Keo. I thought you were dead." 
"I've missed you too, Ari. You're not completely wrong. But we need to get out of here. Based on your reactions, I'd say you're brand new at this. Right?" 
I nodded, "Less than 24 hours I think? I don't remember anymore. Everything's happening so fast it's blurring together." 
"We need to get out of here." Keo said. 
I nodded and then took off. Running toward the doors that would lead us to freedom. As we approached the door the intercom keyed. 
"Oh, Ariya." Boss cooed, "If you leave now, you'll never find out who is in interrogation room 2 and 4." 
Keo and I stopped. Frozen in place. 
"Who knows," Boss cooed, "It could be your little doggy. His name was Caleb, right?" 

###chapter Twenty Five
*Ariya* 


"Ariya, don't!" Keo said, "What if it's a trap?" 
"It doesn't matter. I have to go see." 
"But, Ariya" 
"It doesn't matter!" I growled, "I have to go back. Even if it is a trap. You should keep moving forward. Find Drake, tell him what happened and he'll fill you in on the plan." 
"Are you crazy? I finally found you. I'm not leaving you!" Keo said, taking a step towards me.
My eyes went to where Keo was bleeding at, "You have to. You're really weak right now. And I don't want everyone here killed." 
"Ari, we can come back. We have to anyway" Keo trailed off. 
I narrowed my eyes at him, "What do you mean?"
"There's someone else we need to get out of here." Keo sighed. 
"That's why I need to stay. Besides, I'm not leaving, not without Caleb. If there's even the slightest chance that he's here. I have to go back." 
"Hey! I know that Caleb means a lot to you but" Keo trailed off, "Caleb meansAriya! Did you bond with Caleb?" 
I nodded in response, "I think so. I don't know! Keo! I don't know anything at this point! My head is all mixed up and cloudy!" 
"Shhhhh, it's ok. It's just" Keo sighed, pulling me to him, "Ariya I'm sorry. I know I wasn't here. Do you know what it means to bond though?" 
I shook my head looking up at him. 
"It's ok. Drake locked away a lot of your memories, Ari. You'll start getting them back soon. It was just supposed to be someone else you bonded with. That's all. It also doesn't totally make sense on how, but that doesn't matter. You'll know soon enough. But Ari, we have to get out of here. You can't stay here. Caleb is fine." 
"Keo, it doesn't matter. I have to go back." 
Keo sighed, "Alright let's go then." 
I looked at him confused. "You're not coming with me." 
"Are you kidding me? I'm not leaving you, Ari. I just got you back." Keo said, getting angry. He cupped my face in his hands looking at me. He was scared to leave me again. I knew he wouldn't leave. Not by choice. 
"Keo, you need to get in touch with Drake. You need to tell him to go with Plan B. He'll fill you in on the rest. I'll be ok." I said grinning up at him. 
"You came up with some mastermind plan, didn't you?" Keo grinned at me. 
"Yes, and you need to make sure I didn't miss anything. Twin powers remember. We used to make crazy plans all the time to mess with the boys" I paused, confused. Who were the boys? 
Keo smirked at me, "You're memories are coming back a little bit at a time. There was more than just Caleb, Ari. That still isn't enough to convince me to leave. I'm staying with you this time. I didn't have a choice last time, but this time, I do. I'm not leaving you." 
"I love you, Keo. But you also don't get a choice this time either." I whispered, squeezing him tightly. 
"Wait, what?" Keo looked at me confused. 
I put both my hands on his chest and shoved him as hard as I could, "I'm sorry." I said as he fell through the door behind him. 
"Ariya!" Keo shouted as he stumbled and fell through the door. 
I grabbed the door and closed it before he could catch it. Keo banged on the door cursing. He was going to hate me for that. Especially after he found Drake and learned what the plan really was. He was going to be so pissed at me. But I couldn't have him here. Not if what I thought was going to happen, happened. I couldn't deal with it. 
I had made up my mind though. I was going to find Caleb, even if it turned out to be a trap. The likelihood of that being pretty high. But there was more to Boss's comment. Even if it is a trap. He has someone. Someone important. Either way, it would be over quick or it would buy us some time. And time was needed. Since control comes with time and isn't instant. 
I waited until I knew Keo gave up trying to get inside and left. I took a couple deep breaths. As I regained full control, I focused on trying to locate where Caleb might be. I knew he was in room 2 or room 4 based on Keo being in room 3 and Tex being in room 1. Boss's order was to throw me in room 5 so that was also off the list. Boss was overly OCD, so he didn't like anything going outside of what he wanted. As I focused, I caught a scent that was similar to Caleb's. The scent was coming from room 4. 
Surprisingly, I made it very easily over to room 4 without running into anyone. I was definitely suspicious but I had already made up my mind. When I opened the door to room 4, my breath caught. Laying in a pile on the floor in chains was Caleb. 
Darkness. 

###chapter Twenty Six
*Ariya* 


My breath caught as I saw Caleb crumpled in a pile on the floor with chains on his hands, feet, and neck. I growled in anger, seeing him like that. As I edged closer, a heavy force came down on top of me, crushing me into the ground. It was like the gravity was cranked up to 15 times the normal amount. I tried to move but I was pinned to the ground. The weight of it crushing my body, holding me in place. I looked at Caleb, concerned. 
"Thought you could save your little doggy, hmmm?" Boss said, mockingly. 
Trying to force myself to look towards Boss, I growled, "I'm gonna kill you." 
The weight of the gravity pressure on me increased crushing my ribs, successfully breaking a couple, I cried out in pain as I coughed up blood, struggling to breathe from the pressure. 
"You see, Ariya," Boss said, squatting down next to me, "There is so much that you NEVER knew. So many secrets that no one but me knows. What did you think you were going to do? Come here and save your little doggy. I don't think so. I have plans for you, Ariya. You work for me and that isn't going to change, even when you die. But we're going to need to make some adjustments first. So as long as you behave, you get to live and so does your little doggy." 
The gravity pressure lifted and went back to normal. Boss stood up and moved a bit away from me so I could get up off the ground. I could feel my body trying to heal but it couldn't without the bones being set back into place. I pushed myself up on my hands and knees trying to catch my breath. I looked over towards Caleb. If we were going to make this out alive I would have to do what Boss said for now, but that meant that both of us were probably going to be tortured. 
"What do you want from me?" I said through gritted teeth, standing up. 
"I want to learn everything. Everything there is about the Navi. Everything there is to know about you and Drake and that boy you saved. I won't lie to you. You're going to suffer at first for sure. But I won't let anyone hurt your little doggy if you cooperate. Any slight amount of uncooperation, he's going to get the punishment for it. Do you understand?" 
I shifted nervously. There was something about the way Boss was looking at me. Like some deep, dark, desire that he had. Like there was a master plan and inside joke that only he was in on. I felt my stomach drop, my insides churned, and I was overcome with a feeling of nausea. I tried to hide my expression as best I could. I didn't know how to control my new abilities. I was never taught that. But Boss might be able to help me figure it out. As long as I cooperated. Too bad Boss wouldn't know that I had anticipated this happening. Boss might think he was the puppet master pulling the strings but he would learn that it wasn't the case. Though this was on my list of worst case scenarios. 
"I know you figured this would happen, Ariya." Boss grinned wickedly, "You're anything but stupid. However, neither am I. You have your plans, I have mine. We'll see who really is the master of strategy. Don't forget, you work for ME, Ariya. I know how you think. I know how you act. I know how you plan. I know how you lead. I know how you fight. I know you. If you believe you can outthink me, then try it. But remember whose life you're putting on the line if you do. Not only is it your life Ariya, but it's your little doggy's life, and Link's, and Mya's lives as well." 
I stared at Boss wide-eyed. 
"Yes, Ariya. They may be loyal to me by turning you in, but maybe they did it with your direction. I won't leave anything to chance. If you think you can beat me, go ahead and try. I love a good challenge. But keep in mind who you're putting in danger as well if things go wrong. I know you care for Link and Mya. If you didn't, you'd probably be dead right about now." 
"How do you figure?" I asked, genuinely curious. 
"Well, I know that you have to activate both of your abilities before you can turn. I'm guessing the Rabid was a fluke. But with Mya and Link in actual danger it forced you to activate both of your abilities. You actually care about them. If it was just Drake fighting you guys, I don't think it would have worked because you would know that Drake wouldn't kill them if you didn't want him to. What I didn't know is that you can turn even if you don't hit your prime age. The scar on your chest tells me you had a pretty massive injury. And no offense, Ariya, but 23 years old is NOT when someone is in the prime years of their life. You're still a child. A baby. So I'm guessing you turned since you are able to be standing here in front of me right now. I doubt that Drake would just turn you. That wouldn't make sense. Not when it's part of your birthright. So I guess in extreme moments, as long as both your abilities are activated, you can turn if you die. Right?" 
"Somehow I get the feeling you know a lot more about all of this than I do." 
"If the roles were reversed you would be able to analyze it just as well, Ariya. So don't play dumb. Remember. I know you. Enough of this, are you going to endanger everyone's lives or are you going to just do what you're told?" 
I glared at him, "Don't really have a choice now, do I?" 
"Right now, no. But don't worry Ariya, you'll get your chance at me one day. In fact, I'll give you a shot right now." 
I narrowed my eyes at him, suspiciously, "I'm listening." 
"If you can touch me after I say go, I'll let you and your doggy walk out of here and give you a 24 hour head start. If you can't, then anytime you don't cooperate, you will be the one to torture your little doggy." 
I didn't want to make this deal, but it could get us out of here. Boss was way too cocky though. There had to be some inside joke I didn't know about. I looked around. The only 3 people in the room were Caleb, Boss, and I. It could give me more intel about Boss and it wasn't like I wasn't going to cooperate. Not if it meant hurting Caleb. We would get out of here. It just wasn't going to be an easy thing. 
"Fine." I said. 
Boss grinned, "Excellent. Ready. Set. Go." 
I knew that Boss had to be the one with the gravity pressure ability. What I wasn't expecting was for it to work the other way. I ran at Boss and he simply lifted his hand, palm up, from his side to his waist. I was in mid air, my eyes wide as I looked at him shocked. 
Boss was grinning from ear to ear, "What do you think of my ability, Ariya? It's one of my favorites." 
I narrowed my eyes at him and as I opened my mouth to say something Boss turned his hand over, palm facing the ground. He shoved his hand towards the ground forcefully. Turns out, not having both of your feet on the ground before an immense amount of pressure is forced on you will in fact make you break your fall with your face. As I hit the concrete below me I heard bones snap from the pressure. I felt the pain. Then nothing. Darkness.

###chapter Twenty Seven
*Ariya*


As I slowly opened my eyes, my head felt heavy. I could feel something metallic in my mouth. My arms were above my head. Metal around my wrists. There was metal around my feet as well. I lifted my head and tried to look up and behind me but hit something metal. Turns out I was attached to a table but the table was upright, like I was standing. I looked around. I was in an empty room. No one was around. The only window was on the door. The door looked to be controlled with a key card. That meant I would probably have a very limited number of visitors. I looked up and pulled at the chains around my wrists. No luck. It didn't even budge. That could only mean I was extremely weak right now. But I didn't feel a crazy amount of hunger. Not like I thought I would. I felt weak, but not hungry. 
Boss walked in, "Oh good, you're awake finally. I didn't think you would be out that long."  
I went to say something but realized I couldn't because of the metal thing in my mouth. 
"Oh right. Yeah. About that. Wasn't sure if you'd wake up crazy or not. We gave you enough blood to make sure you healed because you just were bleeding everywhere. You really weren't prepared for the amount of gravity pressure I put on you so you landed so wrong. You broke your nose, your arm, some ribs and cracked your skull. I had someone put all the bones back in the right place, we gave you a little bit of blood at a time through an IV to heal you just enough and then stopped so you didn't get all your strength back. But I wasn't sure if you'd wake up just starving or if you'd wake up somewhat normal so we put a metal bite guard in your mouth, kinda like they did with horses, to make sure you weren't able to bite someone. Oh and the chains, yeah, you'll have to get used to those for a while until you're a little more trustworthy. Precautions you know?" Boss explained to me. 
He was extremely talkative and it threw me off. He usually talked but he didn't usually bother explaining things to people. It was almost like he was trying to be hospitable. Boss walked up to me and I stared at him unsure of what he was going to do. 
"If you don't move your head forward a bit I can't take the bite guard out of your mouth so you can talk." Boss said, waiting. 
I moved my head forward, complying with his direction. He reached around and unbuckled the bite guard. He stepped away from me and pulled it out of my mouth as he stepped back. I gasped for air for a second. 
"You look like you want to ask me questions, Ariya. I'm nothing if not civil, so how about this, you ask a question, I'll ask a question. Refuse and the conversation is done and your little doggy gets his first taste of torture. Deal?" 
I narrowed my eyes at him, "I don't know everything though." 
"I figured as much. Unlocking your memories will surely take some time. Refusing is different than not knowing the answer." 
"How will you know the difference?" 
"That's your first question, Ariya." Boss said slyly, "I'll know because of this serum. If you lie, your eyes will glow and I will know. That also means you have to be willing to let me inject you with it." 
"I didn't know we had that. And I don't really have a choice. Even if I didn't want you to inject me with that, it's not like I can get away from you." I told him, pulling at the chains around my wrists to make a point. 
Boss smirked at me, "You're absolutely right about that one." 
Boss walked over to me, syringe in hand, and injected the contents into my neck. I gasped as it burned. I felt a fog come over me. My thoughts were slower. I felt vacant in my mind. I closed my eyes tight, trying to gain some sort of focus. 
"It's my turn to ask a question now, Ariya. Do you remember the attack from 14 years ago?" 
I looked at him confused, "Yesbut after you asking me that and Keo's comments I'm beginning to question myself." 
"I'm sure you'll know everything in time. It's your turn."
"How long have I been unconscious?" 
"Less than 3 days. 57 hours to be exact," I looked at Boss wide-eyed. "What do you remember about the attack from 14 years ago?" 
"You say 57 hours like I'm not supposed to be shockedI remember the fire, the screams, walking outside. Apparently I ran into you, but I don't remember you. I don't remember that. I remember Drake calling out for me. I remember Drake telling me he'd find me but that I had to go with Caleb. That I had to be good for Caleb. I don't really remember everything else, except for my brother dying. I thought it was just because I'd repressed it." 
"You probably did. But I think Drake had more to do with that than you repressing it. I'm surprised you remembered that much. You were 9 years old if I remember correctly. Oh, and 57 hours is pretty impressive given the damage and blood loss you had." 
"Why did you attack us that night 14 years ago?" 
"I've answered that question to you before, Ariya. You guys are monsters. You should be wiped from the planet. You have more power than people can even imagine and you'll live forever if no one tries to kill you. There's barely a weakness to your kind. Which means you can do anything you want without fear of being stopped. That type of power shouldn't exist for just anyone." Boss said, I got the feeling he was holding something back but I didn't push. I just made a mental note of it for now. 
"You've known me for years now and you still believe I'm this monster that is going to destroy the world, even though until recently you had trusted me without question." I said softly. 
"You broke that trust the moment you failed to tell me who you really were, Ariya. I believe it's my question now. Who is Annarin?" Boss asked. 
I looked at him and blinked in disbelief, "Annarin? Keo mentioned AnnarinI don't know. I think Annarin is a dragon. But II can't remember." 
"Interesting. Dragon's went extinct hundreds of years ago. I doubt if that's the case. But then again, anything is possible with you monsters." 
"You are ok with that as my answer?" I cursed under my breath realizing I just used my question. 
Boss smirked, "I told you, if you lie, your eyes are going to glow. I can't fault you for something you actually don't know the answer to. But you just wasted your question. Can you speak to Drake and Caleb without being in the same room with them?" 
I furrowed my eyebrows thinking about his question, "You're asking if I can talk to them through my mind. I don't know. I think so but I don't know how to. I know Caleb did it with me once but we were in the same room at the time and I have no idea how to do anything yet really. Keep in mind, I just turned about 3 and a half days ago. The whole 'I need blood' thing kinda took priority at first." 
Boss ran his hand through his hair contemplating something, "Interesting." 
I waited a second to see if he would say anything more before asking my next question, "What do you have planned for me since I'm currently your prisoner?" 
Boss's eyes lit up with excitement, "Lots, Ariya. On Monday's we'll do questions like this which will also double as your recovery day. On Tuesday we'll see how long you take to heal and how much damage you can take. On Wednesday's we'll see how much pain you can take through different experiments. On Thursday's we'll look for weaknesses you might possibly have. On Friday's you'll fight a prior team member so they can learn how to fight against your kind. On Saturday's I'll have Justin come in and tune you up as much as he wishes since you nearly killed him. On Sunday's we'll do any other experiment that we think of. But I mean plans can change, so don't take it as a set in stone daily agenda." 
I gulped nervously. My stomach dropped as I prepared myself for what was to come. It was Boss's turn for a question. 
Boss looked at me wickedly, "What is the entirety of your plan?" 

###chapter Twenty Eight
*Ariya*


I couldn't help myself. I busted out laughing, "You honestly believe that I'm that stupid. You honestly believe I would tell you the entirety of my plan? What happened to 'we'll see who the true master of strategy is'?" 
Boss punched me square in the jaw. My head jerked to the side as I spit out blood. I turned back to him intrigued. Boss had been mad before, but at this moment, he lost control of his composure. He thought he was going to be victorious at this moment. He didn't know who he was messing with. 
"Don't forget who you're messing with, Ariya! I have your little doggy, Link, and Mya, and something even more precious to you! You can't lie to me, Ariya! I'll know when you do! Don't forget the rules of our conversation. If you refuse to answer a question your little doggy gets tortured and you're the one that has to do it!" 
I glared at Boss. "Oh I'm not refusing to answer your question so you can forget about torturing Caleb."
"Answer the question. What is the entirety of your plan?" Boss said through gritted teeth. 
"You better listen closely. It's a good one." I smirked, "I. Don't. Know. The. Plan." 
Boss narrowed his eyes at me, "WHAT?!" He shouted enraged. 
I laughed again. Boss punched me in the gut, making me lose my breath, silencing me. I giggled as I tried catching my breath. "I don't know the plan. And you know I'm not lying. I'm not refusing to answer the question. I genuinely don't know the plan." 
"How is that possible?" Boss glared at me. 
"You. You made it possible when you sent me back home that night after you guys found us. We didn't have time after I turned to fill Drake in on the entirety of the plan. We had to get back to an area to make it believable that we had found Drake but also almost died. Everything happened so fast there wasn't time to go through it all. But when you debriefed us briefly and then sent us home to get rest, YOU opened up the door for us to solidify everything. You only have yourself to blame. That was your first mistake. If we were playing chess, you just lost your horse." I said mocking Boss. 
"What did you do?!" Boss shouted. 
"I had Drake lock it all away. We broke down every part of the plan to him. I do remember that much. That we talked. But he locked it away after that. Just like other parts of my memories that I'm sure I'll eventually get back. Drake locked the entirety of the plan away. And the key on that, I don't even know what it is, but I'm sure it has something to do with Drake since he's the only one who you can't seem to not only find, but capture." I laughed again. 
A massive amount of gravity pressure was forced onto me. I cried out in pain as my body was being forced down but my arms couldn't come with. As they were about to be ripped out of the socket, Boss stopped the pressure. 
"You forget I can get it out of your little doggy." 
"No you can't. Because even if Caleb actually was here, he doesn't know the plan either. Drake locked away both of our memories. The only way we'll know what the next part of the plan is, is right before it's supposed to happen. I planned for everything to happen. Every possible twist and wrinkle. Even things we weren't sure about. I planned for all of it. I'll only learn what the next step is as things happen. Just face it, you've lost this round. You might think you're the better strategist but you're sadly mistaken. If you think this is going to be easy, you're going to lose before you've even taken a few steps. We're in a minefield and I'm running through it without fear. Meanwhile you're just standing there, scared to move." 
Boss's eyes narrowed at me. I could see him trying to figure things out. Even though he was angry, he didn't miss my words. "What do you mean 'even if Caleb was actually here'?" 
"Isn't it technically my turn to ask a question? I should have like 3 or 4 now right?" 
"NO MORE GAMES!" Boss roared. 
I laughed, "Whatever, have it your way, after all, I'm currently at your mercy. You couldn't possibly have Caleb because Caleb is with Drake. They left after I came back here. Even if you did manage to track them down, you honestly believe that I would believe that you somehow managed to get one over on Drake? You've never managed to capture Drake, much less get within 100 feet of him. You've been trying for 18 years and he's always been 10 steps ahead of you. Even if you managed to capture Drake, why keep us alive? You would automatically win if you got Drake and me. You know how to kill us, so why risk us escaping? You're not stupid. So stop acting like it." 
Boss was contemplating my words. He knew he'd lost this round. I decided to push a little bit more, "Oh and besides all that, even if you did manage to get Drake, you don't think I would realize half the staff suddenly disappearing? You know Drake could kill half of them within a blink of an eye. How's it feel, Boss, to know you're being beaten at your own game by a child?" 
That was enough to send him over the edge. Boss lost all control of his emotions and let loose, using me as his personal punching bag. As I took each hit he threw at me it clicked in my mind. This was also part of the plan. Even though we could heal ourselves and our body automatically did it, it didn't mean that we didn't feel the pain. The pain was a hard thing to overcome. To be able to continue moving forward and to be able to move through the pain took years of mastery. It still hurt like crazy, but being able to know that the pain was temporary and persevere regardless. That was a skill that Drake had learned, just as he learned to control the fear that came with the pain. I'm sure he had taught Keo over the last 14 years. Drake had told me when we went through this part that fear was a choice. That the only person in control of your emotions was you. Regardless of what you end up telling yourself, you make the decision each day. If you work on the thoughts you tell yourself, you can control your emotions. The choice is yours. To become a master of your own mind was a powerful skill. So I just had to tell myself the other side of what was happening. That Boss was just hardening my body by doing what he was doing. The pain wouldn't last and without realizing it, Boss was making me stronger. Which also meant he was making his opponent that much harder to take down. 
I knew that Boss would want to have the last word for today. As much as I thought I'd prepared for everything. I wasn't actually prepared for the next words that came out of his mouth. 
"You know, Ariya. I was going to be nice about all of this. If you'd only just behaved. But you messed up. So I guess now you'll never know where your Mother is." 

###chapter Twenty Nine
*Caleb* 


"Hey kiddo, how are you feeling?" Drake asked Ariya before she headed in to report to Boss after everything happened. 
"Tired. Really sore though I thought we healed?" Ariya asked, trying to stretch her limbs out. 
Drake chuckled, "We do but that doesn't mean you're not going to feel a little sore the next day. As you get moving around it will ease up and unless it was an extreme injury it will likely be gone by the end of the day." 
"Guys. We don't have much time." I interjected. 
"Oh, right. Drake, we have a lot that we need to go over but it can't leave the four of us. No matter what. Keo is the only other one that should know" Ariya started. 
"Is this the famous plan on what happens next?" Drake asked, amused. "Usually you and your brother came up with everything. But this time just you huh?" 
"It is, and every single contingency has been planned for. The plan is going to adjust depending on what happens." I said. 
"My brother should be able to come up with a couple alternate ideas as well. If he's actually still alive like you say." Ariya said. 
"Ariya, he is. Why are you unsure of that?" Drake asked. 
"I saw him die." Ariya whispered. 
"He's alive, Ariya. He really is. There's one more person that needs to know as well." Drake said. 
Ariya's eyes narrowed, "Who?" 
I honestly thought that Ariya would put up a fight about it. I was intrigued to see that she was willing to listen. I had a feeling I knew what Drake was going to say but for some reason I couldn't remember. It had been 14 years since we were back in our old lives, but I couldn't shake the feeling of it being on the tip of my tongue. 
"Ivan." Drake said. 
"Who's Ivan?" Ariya asked. 
I looked at Drake, equally confused. 
"Rightso I guess I should start from earlier. To protect both of you and Ivan I locked a lot of your memories away. You can get them back with the right key or if I remove it. But removing it takes a lot more time than we have." 
Ariya and I looked at each other and grinned. 
"What?" Drake asked, now confused. 
"Ariya had a feeling that we were missing information. We argued about it for hours but eventually made a plan for that as well. Better to be safe than sorry." I laughed. 
Drake laughed with me but looked at Ariya full of pride in his eyes, "Of course you would be able to figure that out, Ariya. There's a lot more. I'm trying to behave and not just spill everything. You need to unlock your memories the right way or it will get messy." 
"What do I need to do?" Ariya asked. 
"It's complicated. Ivan has to get his memories back first, and then he will trigger you getting your memories back but only after meeting a certain criteria. That I can't tell you. He has to get there on his own. Caleb on the other hand is easier, I can unlock his memories but it will take me a couple days at least." Drake explained. 
"How does locking the memories work? Can anyone just do it?" Ariya asked, deep in thought. 
I could see where she was going with this. Our plan was so specific and every single bump, obstacle, and challenge had been planned for. If anyone found out what we were planning and how we were planning it wouldn't end up working at all. That was the only thing we couldn't really plan for easily. But Ariya knew we needed to do something about that. 
"I can do it. You should be able to do it eventually. But it's not something you can learn overnight. It took me over 10 years to learn, granted I was alone figuring it out. You are not. So it should be able to be faster. But it's not something we can teach you now." 
"That's fine. We don't have time for me to learn. But the lock blocks everything. Even a Switch right? It could also block a truth serum, or someone who can enter your mind, or someone who was basically a human lie detector right, even if we're unconscious?" Ariya asked. 
Drake narrowed his eyes, "Does something like that even exist?" 
"Don't know. It's one of the possibilities we planned for. There's a lot we don't know. We're just covering our bases. How does it work?" 
"Basically I pile all the memories up, bind them together, and put a 'lock' on it. The lock can be opened with a 'key'. As in the one who created the lock. Or it can be unlocked with contingencies. For instance, if this happens, then this unlocks sort of thing." 
"Can it be done in pieces? Like if this scenario happens in the plan then we immediately know what the next step is based on the plan that's already been made?" I asked. 
Ariya grinned at me, "That's what I was thinking." 
"I can, it might be a little shocking if I have it hit you instantly on the next move but you would get used to it. But I don't think it can be a delayed release. We would need to make these decisions instantly, right?" Drake asked. 
"Right. It can't be delayed. It has to be instant or we might as well not make a plan." I said. 
"Then we need to go over everything so I can work on locking it." Drake said. 
Ariya and I went over the plan in as much detail as possible. We had gotten up early so we had plenty of time before Ariya had to get back to report in. It had to happen now and it wasn't possible for it to happen last night given the events of that entire day. As we went over each step, Drake's eyes went wide. He was shocked at how much we had planned. Ariya had hesitated on the decision to tell Drake everything when we finally were reunited with him, but I was positive it would be ok. We might not have been around him for the last 14 years but Drake was still Drake. I could feel it the second I found him. Sure we were mad at him but we'd also felt abandoned. It wasn't the time to deal with that yet. But we would when things calmed down. Right now, we have work to do. We can't let our emotions get in the way of what needs to get done or we'd never get anything done. 
As Drake placed the last lock in Ariya's mind for the plan I realized we'd skipped over Ivan. 
"Who's Ivan? You went over the beginning but skipped past who Ivan is." I looked at Drake. 
"Oh! Sorry. Ivan is basically like you, Caleb. He was only a year older than you are, Caleb. Granted you were all very young when you had to go. But when you activated your wolf side you looked a little older as well. Made it easier to pass as an adult. But while you looked older at first, your body aged a lot slower after that first initial shock. And then it stops when you bond with one of us, at least it's supposed to. As of right now you're looking more like the age you are." 
It started to click together for me, "Ivan is an original Navi wolf!" 
"Right. You two are related, which is why you were able to bond with Ariya. Your relation is kind of a further distance. Ivan is your Cousin, Caleb." Drake said. 
"Wait, is Ivan bonded to Keo then? Who are you bonded to? How have you gone so long without the person you're bonded to? Better yet, where is Ivan?" Ariya asked. 
"He doesn't remember. That's the only reason he's been able to go for so long and without shifting. As for where he is, I don't know. I was looking for all 3 of you. As for me, the person I bonded to died that night. I've been ok. It's been a struggle but I've been ok. We have our ways, I'll show you some day but hopefully you never have to use it. Though with your plan I feel like you might have to learn it sooner than later. And to answer your other question, no, technically Keo is not bonded to Ivan" Drake trailed off. 
"If Ivan doesn't remember, how do we know we can trust him? What do you mean technically? I don't understand." Ariya asked. 
Drake sighed, "I shouldn't say until your memories come back. But just know that it's complicated. Somehow Caleb bonded twice. It shouldn't have happened but it did. I think it's because he doesn't remember that he had a bond already. Ariya, you'll be able to know for the same reason that you can trust Caleb without question. All 4 of you are already bonded for the most part. It won't make sense until you get all your memories back. Just know that the bond won't happen if you weren't completely on the same side. That said, IF for some reason you end up on opposite sides, the bond would break. Ivan doesn't have all of his memories. But he has some of them. As soon as he has all of them, he will have to make a decision. If he chooses to come back the bond will stay with you 4. If he chooses otherwise, the bond will break and those memories will be incinerated to protect us." 
"He's not going to die by choosing otherwise is he?" I asked, concerned. 
"No, I couldn't do that to him. Not after everything he did that night. It also doesn't work like that." 
"So how do we find him?" I asked. 
"Carefully." Drake laughed, "Honestly, I don't know. It's a miracle I found you guys. You hid in plain sight and you hid so well you were really only found because I was found and then you found me." 
Ariya gasped and as I looked at her my stomach dropped and I suddenly felt really nauseous. I am not going to like where this leads to. 
Ariya looked at Drake and I, wide-eyed. "I think I know who Ivan is." 
###chapter Thirty
*Caleb*


After Ariya went to report to Boss, Drake worked on locking my memories for the plan. 
"What are we going to do about your memories on the plan?" I asked him. 
"I can lock my memories as well. But once I do, I won't be able to unlock them by myself. I can create a couple different keys for it if need be though. That way we can get it back sooner if needed. I did make it to where it's not constantly locked on us though. If it's just the 3 of us, well 5 if we find Ivan and Keo, we should have complete access to the memories, only as long as no one else is around us. So if someone else is there, it's gone. We're all aware that the memories are locked. Otherwise it wouldn't be an instant delivery system." 
I laughed, "Could you imagine how terrifying that would be? Something happens and in the middle of it you get slapped with a bunch of memories that you had no recollection of and now suddenly you have to follow the memories without question?" 
Drake laughed with me, "It would be like running through a minefield with a blindfold on and everytime you hear an explosion a little piece of the puzzle comes in." 
Drake finished sealing both of our memories. He looked exhausted and hungry. I walked over to him and held my wrist up to him. He looked at me unsure. 
"Ariya already said she didn't mind. Besides I'm sure Ivan would do the same, though I still don't really remember him, and I'm sure Keo won't mind either. I don't mind. You're the only one unsure here." I teased him. 
"We just don't really have time, that's all." Drake said. 
"You can bite my neck," I laughed at him, "I just didn't know how to offer for you to feed on me by doing that. What should I do? Throw my body at you. That seems a little intimate, don't you think?" 
Drake started laughing so hard tears came out of his eyes. "Yeah probably don't do that. I'll be so confused if you did that." 
When we got control of ourselves from laughing, Drake fed quickly. We didn't have much time so we had to get moving. When he was done we left the house and took up our position and hid, waiting as the plan began to unfold.
"So I know that I can't die from Ariya, or Keo apparently, feeding on me since we're bonded but can I die from you feeding on me?" I asked Drake. 
"No, you can't. You and I are bonded just indirectly. I think that's actually what is going on with you and Ariya. But I'm not sure. You both basically bonded like normal. If something were to happen to Ariya or Keo, you would still live on but your bond could be transferred to me or the other" Drake trailed off... 
I saw where Drake's mind went. "Keo is ok, he's alive. He has to be." 
Drake shook the thoughts from his head, "The same thing goes with Ariya, Keo, me and Ivan. You both are the last original Navi wolves. You are the last ones that can bond with us." 
"I wish we had more time." I thought out loud. 
"Me too. We needed to work on communicating with each other from further away. You and I should work on it more when we have time. Especially if we can get Keothi back." Drake said. 
"Yeah we need to. But at least you were able to get through a couple times. Ariya should recognize it's you when you push. Have you tried pushing now?" I asked him. 
"No. I have a feeling I shouldn't try. Especially right now. We don't know what plan we're going with. Until we know, it's better not to take unnecessary chances. If we're going with the primary plan we'll get a chance to try more." 
"Yeah but more than likely it's going to be plan B." I said, feeling nauseous again. 
"I hate plan B." Drake growled. 
"Agreed. Plan B sucks. But we needed to be prepared. The most important things were done this morning before she left. That's what mattered. That's what is going to make plan B actually work." I said, trying to convince myself.
"I still hate plan B."  Drake said, stubbornly. 
A side door to the building Ariya worked in opened quickly. Keo. He fell down the steps. Cursing, he got up quickly and ran to the door as it shut closed on him. He banged on the door shouting. 
"Ariya!" Keo shouted, punching the door in frustration.
My stomach churned. Guess she shoved him out the door. That should mean Plan B. 
Keo cursed angrily, "Fine Ariya. This time. Only this time. Never again." 
Keo took off down the road in search of us. 
"Go, I'll keep watching. Just in case." Drake said. 
"1 minute Drake, no longer. Stick to the plan." I told him. 
Drake nodded. My body shivered and I shifted into my wolf form and ran after Keo. As I edged closer to him something felt off. I decided to follow for a second when I realized what was bugging me. I ran ahead and jumped out in front of Keo. Keo stopped in his tracks. 
He looked at me, his expression sad, "Caleb" 
I growled viciously towards him, showing my teeth. 
Keo looked at me confused, his confusion quickly turning to anger, "I didn't want to leave her. She literally shoved me out of the door Caleb. You think I'd want to leave her. Again?!" 
I snapped my jaw towards him, growling. Keo narrowed his eyes looking at me. As the pieces connected in his head, his eyes changed color and his fangs came out. Just looking at him, I could tell he was hungry.  I lunged in his direction. He didn't move. Just held his ground and let me lunge toward him. The Shadow appeared from the ground lunging back at me, knife in hand. 
Shadows. I tried to push the thought to Drake but it was too late. 11 of them appeared from all over surrounding Keothi and I. 
###chapter Thirty One
*Caleb*
 
I hate plan B. Drake growled back at me. 
As I lunged near Keo, the Shadow lunged back at me, knife in hand. I snapped my jaws at the Shadow but I missed. Keo had turned quickly when I lunged and had grabbed the Shadow around its neck, holding it away from me. Keo bared his fangs at the Shadow, growling. Keo winced in pain, I looked up at him confused, but quickly saw why. The Shadow had struck Keo in his stomach with the knife. 
Movement caught my attention out of the corner of my eyes. I turned my head back and forth. Growling and snapping at the Shadows that surrounded us. I counted 11 in total. 
I moved closer to Keo. I was nervous, Shadows were a pain to fight. Especially in the dark. Shadows were all black. Literally like a shadow. They didn't have eyes or mouths or different hair color when they used their ability. They were pure black like an actual shadow. What was worse is that they could disappear into shadows anywhere and pop out of other shadows that were close by. They had to actually touch the shadow they were in or moving to but fighting one person with an ability wasn't the easiest. Forget about fighting 11 of them and having to keep count of them. At the same time while fighting and making sure you were watching the regular shadows around you. Drake needed to get here really fast if we were going to survive through this. 
"He's coming right?" Keo asked me. 
I growled in response and then whined. I was hoping Keo would understand he was coming but it would still be a bit. 
"We'll have to hold on until then. How hard could it be? There's only 11 of them. Right?" Keo laughed uneasily. 
I whined, unsure. 
"Let's find out." Keo said and I looked at him confused. 
Keo stomped his foot on the ground and a dome appeared around us, surrounding the area. Unlike Ariya's, Keo's energy manipulation was white. It covered the entire area around us, brightening the area up. All the shadows on the ground and near us disappeared, revealing the actual number of Shadow users surrounding us. Another 6 Shadow users popped up. Awesome. 
Keo whistled, "17 of you huh? Don't you think that is a little overkill for 2 people?" 
"You mean3" The Shadow that Keo was holding by the throat choked out. 
"Only if you are all still alive by then." Keo growled at the Shadow. 
The Shadow twisted the blade in Keo's stomach at that moment and Keo shouted in pain. The dome around us cracked and the Shadows lunged at us, weapons ready. Keo tightened his grip and snapped the neck of the Shadow he had. As he let the Shadow's lifeless body drop to the floor, he grabbed the blade that was in his stomach and ripped it out. I lunged at the Shadow closest to me, sinking my teeth into its side. I clamped my jaws down and pulled harshly. 2 down. 15 remaining. If they were all like this, then this was going to be easy. 
Wishful thinking on my part. They had a lot more in numbers than we did. 
- -
*Keothi*
17 people to fight against would have been a lot easier if I wasn't hungry. I couldn't heal myself and I hated losing control. I also didn't want to kill everyone. But it might just be necessary. Especially if it meant I needed to heal. Unfortunately though, I couldn't just start feeding on the Shadow in front of me. If I did that the others would rush me and feeding would have been pointless. I might have to go at this without feeding. But I also needed to make sure that Caleb was ok no matter what. He was strong so I shouldn't need to protect him. Then again, things could have changed in the last 14 years. I don't know how anyone really was anymore. 
I took a deep breath as I ripped the blade out of my stomach. I moved as quickly as I could, which in my current state was about as fast as the Shadows. 3 of them immediately went in for the attack. I wiped the blade off on my pants as I dodged their attacks. I side stepped the first one as it went for my left side. I closed the gap between me and that Shadow, successfully dodging the attack from the second Shadow. I spun around, knife in hand, I hit my target when the 3rd Shadow lunged at me trying to shove a blade through my chest. Drake had kicked my butt so many times at speeds I could barely register that this should have been easy. But I was weak and hungry, so I moved a lot slower than I needed to. 
My blade went into the skull of the 3rd Shadow but the 1st who had already recovered from my side step was able to bring his blade down right onto my shoulder. I roared in pain. The blade didn't cut clean through me but it was enough to make my arm drop to my side, unable to be used for the moment. I grabbed hold of the blade with my right hand to hold it in place and turned to kick as hard as I could with my right leg. The Shadow flew back into another Shadow. I pulled the blade up to dislodge it from my shoulder, growling in pain. 
Another major hit like that and the dome I had put up to keep the Shadows from using the shadows was going to fall apart. Hopefully Drake will get here soon. I don't know how long I will be able to hold out for. I could hear some screams from behind me as Caleb took out another Shadow. At least we were down to 13 now. If I was at full strength I could have made some type of weapon to be able to use against these things but where I was at right now, it wasn't going to happen. It was taking all of my ability to be able to keep the dome up. I had to rely on just my hand to hand combat and weapon techniques. 
The blade that the Shadow used that was now in my possession was a flame sword. At least I didn't need to wipe my blood off of it before using it. I activated the flame as another Shadow came at me. It swung the blade down with both hands on it to try to put as much force behind the blade as possible. I blocked upward and that was my biggest mistake. Other Shadows rushed me and impaled me with their blades. I screamed in pain, unable to block any of them. 
Caleb rushed to my defense but it was too late. The dome around us shattered giving the Shadows the advantage by being able to use their ability. Caleb tore into another Shadow before it was able to use its ability. The ones around me left their blades in me and disappeared below, but the one in front of me stayed, grinning viciously. At least there were only 12 left. 
Caleb ran toward me. It was taking every last bit of strength left in me to keep the one in front of me from slicing through me. I dropped to my knees trying to keep stable enough. Caleb ran up and attacked the one in front of me snapping ruthlessly at his throat. A Shadow popped up from the ground in defense of the other successfully impaling Caleb. Caleb yelped in pain. I heard a deep growl coming from my right, Drake. At least he was finally here. The Shadow that impaled Caleb shoved Caleb to the ground pinning him there. Caleb whined in pain. Seeing Caleb hurt set me off and I gave in to my primal side. I lunged at the Shadow that pinned Caleb and sunk my fangs into his neck. I drank deeply but quickly. I didn't take the time to finish feeding before ripping the Shadow's throat out. 
The Shadows that had impaled me suddenly surrounded me again. They all ripped their blades out preparing to fight Drake. The blood loss was so massive and so instant that I fell to my knees next to Caleb. The world around me started to fade out. I was losing consciousness from the severity of my injuries. Caleb whined next to me as I fell to the ground. 
Drake was immediately by our side. 
"Keo! Caleb! Stay with me!" Drake shouted, terrified he was about to lose us. 
I watched as he removed the blade that pinned Caleb and healed him. Oddly enough, the Shadows didn't move on Drake yet. It was like they were waiting to see what was going to happen. After Drake was sure that Caleb wasn't going to die, he turned to me. He ripped open his hand with his mouth and put it up to mouth to force feed me. I bit into his hand. It wasn't going to get me back to perfect health but it would stabilize my injuries enough. When the Shadows saw Drake bringing me back they decided not to wait any longer. 
The Shadows lunged at Drake while using their ability. With 10 of them left they quickly began to overpower Drake. 2 of them broke off coming at Caleb and I. This was the reason everyone feared us. It was moments like these. I watched, unable to do anything but try not to pass out as Drake abandoned his humanity and gave in to his primal side. I knew he was doing it to protect us. To get us out of there. But to any outsider, he was a monster that would kill anything that stood in his way. Drake's eyes changed completely to a blood red color as he snapped purely to his primal side. That was when the blood shed truly began. 

###chapter Thirty Two
*Keothi*
"Keo! Wake up! We need to get out of here, kiddo." 
I tried to open my eyes but they were so heavy. It was hard to force them open. 
"Drake?" I gargled out. I needed to feed to heal myself but I wasn't able to try to do it myself. I could barely move. 
"I don't know if I can carry both of you. You 2 are not little kids anymore." Drake grumbled. 
I felt him pick me up and put me over his shoulder. Then he bent down to grab Caleb as well. We definitely weren't going to get anywhere quickly this way but if I could barely move, I was pretty sure that Caleb was in no condition to move at all. I tried opening my eyes again but they wouldn't open up. I began losing consciousness again. 
"It's ok kiddo, I got you both." I heard Drake say. 
"Ari" I breathed. 
Darkness. 
The smell of smoke was coming into the room. I didn't know what was going on at first but as I got my bearings I quickly recognized the danger. Fire was everywhere. People were running. People were screaming. They were on fire and they were still running. Still screaming. I looked at our little town in horror as I saw people I loved burning alive. Ari. I ran to my sister's room hoping to find her. But she wasn't there. Panic set in. Where are you Ari? I ran outside hoping to find her. I couldn't see her. My heart started pounding and I started running around searching for my sister. As I turned the corner I got knocked to the ground. The air whooshing out of my body. As I gasped for air, a small whine came from above me. I looked up, Ivan! "Ivan! Where is Ari? I can't find her." I practically screamed in fear, thinking the worst. I got up and ran, still searching for Ari. I don't know if Ivan followed me or not, but I had to find Ari. As I rounded another corner I looked ahead of me. Frozen in place for a second. Ari was there and a man was standing above her, a sword above his head, ready to slash down at her. "ARI!" I screamed running toward her. 
"ARI!!!" I screamed, jolting awake. 
"Easy, Keo! Breathe!" A voice next to me said. 
I was breathing heavily and trying to figure out where I was. It wasn't familiar. I got up and fell to the floor. Unable to hold my body upright I lifted my head searching. 
"Keo! Wake up! I'm sorry. Ariya isn't here. She stayed back there. Breathe Keo." 
I looked up at the voice, it was Drake. He looked at me concerned. 
"Where is she?!" I growled at him. 
"She's still at the place she works for. Keo, calm down. You're ok. Caleb is ok." Drake said softly. 
"Ari isn't! She's still back there! We have to go back! We have to get her!" I shouted, beginning to panic, I started looking around frantically. 
"We will, Keo. But we have to follow her plan. Look at me, Keo. Where are you right now? Slow down, take in your surroundings." 
I started to slow down, thinking of what Drake was telling me. He'd had to do this many times when I was younger. When Ari and I were first separated. I couldn't bear it at first. It took forever to calm me down. But now,  it usually happens a lot quicker for me to calm down. I looked around me. We were in a house. I had no idea where we were. We'd been searching for Ariya, Caleb and Ivan for a few years now. So we moved around a lot. 
"We're in a house. That's all I know." I said. 
"Take a breath, Keo. What do you smell?" 
I did as instructed. I smelt an all too familiar smell. "Ariya. I can smell her. And Caleb." 
"That's right, Keo. Caleb is here. But Ariya had found this place a while back. Her and Caleb made it a safe house for when we finally found her. She's been waiting for us. She's been planning all of this for a while now. Just breathe." 
I started calming down, taking in the moment. I needed to get to Ariya. But I was remembering what happened. She had told me I wasn't getting a choice this time either when it came to staying with her. It didn't register at first because she was hugging me and I was happy to just have her back in my life. I missed having my sister in my life. I needed to know she was safe. I was so happy at first and then she shoved me out of a door and promptly shut it in my face. I'll get back at her somehow. 
"You ok?" Drake asked me. 
I shook my head, "No, but I will be. As soon as we get her backand Ivan. We need him back too." 
"About that" Drake trailed off. 
I glared at him, "We're getting her back right?!" 
"Eventually, yes. But right now we're following her plan. We have a lot to go over. But first we need to know what happened to you both in there and how the hell did you get caught?" Drake said. 
"What do you mean eventually?!" I shouted enraged. I could feel my fangs pushing their way out and I knew my eyes were changing color. 
"Easy, Keo. Ariya has a plan and she asked for us to abide by it." 
"The hell with her plan! Do you even realize what's going to happen while she's in there?! They know she's a Navi! They know she turned! They're going to torture her Drake! We can't leave her there! And as soon as Ivan gets his memories back, they're going to take him captive as well!" I shouted. 
Drake looked at the ground, "I know." 
"She knows what she's doing, Keo. She's not stupid. How about you listen to everything we planned out before you start coming to conclusions. None of us liked this plan. But it's the hand we were dealt." Caleb said behind me. 
I looked at the ground, "I know she's not stupid, but this plan sucks. I don't even know any of it. But I know they're going to torture her. She's been through enough. Can't we just get her out of there?" 
"No. Not yet. Ivan needs his memories. Ariya needs time. Remember how long it took for you to get control after you turned?" Drake pointed out. 
I flinched, "She's going to suffer though. That's only the best case scenario. They could kill her." 
We stayed in silence for a while. Everyone knew what I said was true. 
"There's something else going on though," Caleb said, breaking the silence. 
"What do you mean?" I asked, looking at Caleb confused. 
"Ariya and I argued about the plan for hours. We were trying to come up with every contingency and every road block and obstacle that we thought could possibly happen. There was only one reason that we would end up at Plan B. Plan A was all the best case scenarios. There's so many twists to the plan but Plan B was specifically in case 'Boss' had something more." Caleb explained. 
"Who is 'Boss'? And what is this something more?" I asked, confused. 
"'Boss' is what her boss is called. I don't know if that's his real name or if anyone even knows his real name. That's the only thing Ariya ever called him. As for something more, that was the only reason we would go with Plan B. Ariya was pretty positive that it would lead to that. That there was something that Boss knew or had that she didn't know about. The only other reason we would go to Plan B is if something was wrong with Ivan. But the only way we can know for sure is if we get in contact with her." 
"How would she know if something was wrong with Ivan? She doesn't even remember who Ivan is." I told Caleb. 
"She does. Well her unconscious mind knows. She doesn't actively know, not yet at least. But she knows. She was the one that told us that she thought she knew who Ivan was. We didn't confirm it before she left though. There were too many other things to take care of." 
"So how can we get in contact with her?" I asked. 
"Remember that thing that you couldn't ever figure out?" Drake smirked, slyly. 
I gasped, "Seriously? Can she do it?" 
"Not completely. We only got a couple test runs. But I honestly think it will work better between you and her." Drake said. 
I thought about it for a minute and it was like a light bulb clicked on in my head, "I know how we can make the torture easier to handle! Ari and I can switch!" 
###chapter Thirty Three
*Keothi*


"Excuse me, what?" Drake looked at me, completely lost. 
Caleb started laughing, "Can you guys actually do that? Like literally do it? Not just pretend?" 
"You have all your memories back?" I laughed, looking at Caleb. 
"Not all of them, they're coming back though. Drake has been unlocking a bit at a time. It takes too much out of him to do it all at once and honestly it's super shocking on my end." Caleb laughed. 
"Anyone care to explain what you mean by you and Ariya can switch?" Drake cut in. 
I laughed, "I totally thought you knew when we were younger. Ari and I used 'Switch' and pretended to be one another. We looked so alike even as little kids it was hard for you guys to tell. Ivan was the only one who was able to tell instantly no matter what. I have no idea how he could, but he could. But we would basically swap with each other. We did it more for fun." 
"Keo, that was when you guys were little, you would literally switch. What makes you think you guys can switch now? While you 2 still look similar, you are different in a lot more ways than before." Drake said.
"Drake is right, your builds are different. While you have similar scars and your hair is about the same length but styled differently, you have a tattoo on your face Keo. Oh and let's not forget the other obvious difference, Ariya has boobs now which is an automatic giveaway that you are 2 different people." Caleb added. 
"Our body types might be different, but if Ari and I wanted to we could probably switch places and still fool the 2 of you. Probably not Ivan. I still can't figure out how or why." I said, thinking out loud. 
Caleb laughed, "I can guess as to why. But that's not for me to tell you. That's for Ivan to let you all know. I'm staying out of that one." 
I furrowed my eyebrows, looking at Caleb, "Hmph. Even still. I'm not talking about a body switch. I don't think I could break in and literally swap places with her. I'm pretty sure they'd notice that. But Ari and I have always been close. If I can talk to her face to face in her mind, I'm pretty sure our souls could swap. It probably wouldn't last for a long time. But I'm pretty sure it can be done. It's at least worth a shot." 
Drake had his hand on his chin, thinking hard about what I just said. "It is worth a shot, but Keo, you realize you're saying that you're going to be tortured instead right?" 
"If it means easing up the pressure on Ari, I'll take all the torture. But you and I both know that only Ari is going to be able to finish unlocking the lock on Ivan's mind. It's the only way he's going to get his memories back. After he does, they can get out of there." I said. 
"We need to fill you in on the plan so you know what is supposed to happen as things progress. But Keo, your mind is going to get locked right after. No one can figure this out. If they do, it's over." Drake said. 
"Well get to tell me already, because I have an idea." I said. 
Drake and Caleb took their time laying out the plan to me. There were parts that I really hoped would happen. While there were other parts I absolutely did not want happening. Ariya was extremely smart. If you so much as pointed out a slight possibility, she was able to come up with a plan to handle it. For some reason that was how she always was. No matter what happened, she just handled it. Sure she would stress out for a minute on some stuff and sure she would have emotions with things too, but Ari was always able to handle whatever was thrown at her. No matter what. She always adapted. She always found a way. I was sure she could handle the torture and I was sure that she would come out of it stronger than ever but she didn't need to always handle everything on her own. 
It was the same when we were little. One or both of our parents would be gone periodically and Ariya would step up. She didn't like to, but she would. She would try to take over the role that was left open all the time. She didn't handle it alone though. I wouldn't let her. I was always there to help out. That wasn't about to change. I knew I would be able to switch places with her. She wasn't going to like it though. But she would deal with it. Payback for shoving me out the door. I wasn't sure how I was going to do it but I would figure it out. I had to. Ariya wasn't about to handle this on her own. 
After Drake and Caleb finished filling me in on the plan, I added a couple more ideas and obstacles. Ariya had pretty much covered everything. I only added some crazy possibilities and added some potential solutions. Drake locked everything in my mind right after. We couldn't wait for later because if something happened, we needed to be prepared. 
"So how did you manage to get caught?" Drake asked me after he was done. 
"I kinda just let myself get caught" I said looking down, knowing that Drake was about to be angry with me. 
"You did what?!" Drake growled at me. 
"I'm sorry. I had a gut feeling that I should let them take me. So I fought like I wasn't a vampire. I wasn't instantly healing at the time because it had been a while so I appeared to be human. So when I ran into them I just let them capture me." I said, my cheeks flushed with embarrassment. 
"But why?" Drake breathed. 
"I told you, it was a gut feeling. Just something telling me that we would get some answers, that I would be able to find her if I let them take me. I would like to point out that I wasn't wrong." I laughed. 
"I mean we would have found her. She might not have turned if you had stayed." Drake whispered. 
I looked down, "I realize that now. I think it needed to happen that way though. We wouldn't have been able to start unlocking Ivan's memories if it didn't happen this way. And Ariya might not have gotten the information that she got either. Granted, we have no idea what it is as of right now. But after hearing what the plan is, it has to be important. That could change the game." 
"So what happened while you were there, Keo?" Drake asked. 
"They tied me to a chair. I'm guessing they implanted the shadows when they came in periodically to check on me. But that was after I had been there for around 24 hours. Shortly after Ari showed up. I almost gave it away the second I saw her. I was surprised to see her and she showed me instantly that she had turned." I started to tell them. 
"Wait, she showed you she turned? Did they see?" Caleb asked, surprised. 
"No, her back was to them. I think she was just trying to tell me that she did. That she knew who's side she was on. But I think it was her way of letting me know it was her as well. After that she had to question me. I had to take a little bit of a beating to make it look believable. But I could tell she didn't want to. She punches even harder now than when we were little." I laughed. 
Caleb laughed with me, "Try sparring with her and teaching her. She doesn't know what less than 100% means." 
"So what you're saying is she kicked your ass, Keo?" Drake laughed. 
"Absolutely." I laughed with him. 
"How long has it been since Ariya was taken?" Caleb asked, eager to move the plan along. 
"About 24 hours." Drake said. 
"We need to reach out to her then." I said. 
"We'll cover you if needed." Caleb said. 
Drake nodded. He stayed in the chair he was in and put his hands together ready to reach out to Ariya. The room went silent as Drake concentrated. Caleb and I, alert to the sounds outside. We only needed to touch Drake to let him know if he needed to come back sooner. It was only a precaution, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Minutes passed as Drake stayed completely still. I thought he was in contact with Ariya but I was wrong. Drake's nose started bleeding and his eyebrows furrowed together. I looked at Caleb concerned. We'd never seen this happen before. Only if someone was trying to break into our mind but never when we tried to reach out to each other. 
A force blew into the room throwing Drake backwards, separating his hands. Caleb and I stared at him wide-eyed. Drake cursed under his breath. 
"What was that?" Caleb asked. 
"What happened?" I asked at the same time. 
"I'm blocked. I don't understand it. But I can't reach Ariya. It's like she's not there." Drake said, his voice full of concern. 
###chapter Thirty Four
*Ariya*
"You know, Ariya. I was going to be nice about all of this. If you'd only just behaved. But you messed up. So I guess now you'll never know where your Mother is." Boss said as he left the room. 
Boss mentioning my Mom had my head spinning. I was trying desperately to remember something. Something, anything about my Mom. Boss had left the room. It felt as if my heart was shattering into pieces. My breathing picked up and the panic was setting in. I pulled at my restraints and let out a scream. Hot tears ran down my face. I couldn't remember anything about my Mom but my body did. I sobbed uncontrollably. I hadn't thought about my Mom at all. 
When Caleb and I left, I never thought about asking. I never asked about my Mom or my Dad. Or Keo. I don't know if it was because of Drake's lock that he put on my mind. But I didn't cry about them. I never thought about them. I didn't even think about the fact that they even existed. Caleb never mentioned them and I never asked. The first time I thought about Keo was when Boss had mentioned that he was the one that set the attack. 
I wanted my memories back. I wanted to know everything. I wanted to know more about my ability and I needed to learn more about everything. I was running on only a piece of the picture. I felt like my heart was breaking into 2. I continued to sob, wishing I could curl up in a ball. 
Justin walked in and clicked his tongue at me, "You really pissed Boss off." 
I looked up at him, shocked to see anyone even here now. Justin stopped moving and looked at me. The faintest look of concern popped up on his face when he saw my tears streaming down my face. I looked away from him quickly, trying to get control of myself. 
"What happened? Why are you crying?" Justin asked, turning my head to look at him. 
"Nothing" I whispered, keeping my eyes closed, refusing to look Justin in the eyes. 
Justin clicked his tongue at me, "What, can't look at me now that you almost killed me?" 
I opened my eyes and looked at Justin, "I'm sorry." 
"You care to tell me what happened?"
"Like you said, I pissed Boss off." 
"Ariyayou're crying and I'm pretty sure that's not because of your injuries." 
"Why do you even care?! Are you just here to be a good cop?! Boss roughs me up and now I'm fragile so they send you in?! The one who trained me when I got here?! The one who confuses me the most?! The one who I thought cared at one point?! I'm supposed to just tell you everything right?! Well guess what, I don't know ANYTHING!" I shouted at him, the tears threatening to fall once again. 
Justin narrowed his eyes at me, "That's the whole reason I care. You were the one I trained before you became a leader. I trained you to where you are at. This whole time, you just lied to me. You lied to me about who you really were. You. Of all people! You! You lied to me, Ariya. Then you tried to kill me! You're one of them. You don't think I'm confused right now?! I did care, a lot. Now. You disgust me!" 
I flinched at his words. Justin and I were never particularly close, but I knew he cared on some level. I was his first student. His only student. When I started with Boss, I didn't know how things worked and Justin trained me when I got there. Shortly after finishing my training he got promoted and no longer had to teach anyone. He took over as the head of the tracker team. He had taught me most everything I knew about the operations here. We mostly focused on the job. We didn't get into personal stuff. Justin was a workhorse. He didn't stop until the job got done. But he was private. I realized that quickly so I didn't try to pry into his life. I didn't know much about him. 
"We never talked about any personal stuff. You know that." I said softly. 
Justin clicked his tongue at me, "I thought I could trust you." 
"What if I had told you, Justin? Would that have made the situation better? You would have had me locked up and I wouldn't have activated my ability. Then what? I just died because I was honest? At least this way, if you are going to torture me, you're going to have to live with hurting someone who is an actual person to you." I scoffed. 
Justin's expression softened, "Do I know you though? Everything I knew was a lie." 
"If that's what you think, that's on you. I didn't hide who I was as a person. I just hid what ability I would have one day. That's the only thing you didn't know. That's the only thing I ever hid from anyone. My ability. I hid it for good reason too. Look at where I'm at now." 
"Don't put this on us, Ariya! You are the one that lied. You attacked ME" 
"Oh no you don't! You can't try putting this all on me! Yes! I lied. I withheld the truth of my ability and where I belong! But when you guys found out, instead of talking to me about it, YOU attacked me! You electrocuted me and then cuffed me! YOU held me in place while they cut my shirt off! YOU held me in place while they shoved a sword through my chest! YOU let that happen! So take some responsibility for the actions you took and the choices you made! It's not all just on one person here! It's on both of us!" I glared at Justin angry, I could feel my eyes change color from my anger but my fangs didn't come out. 
It was Justin's turn to look at the ground, "I was under orders" 
"Doesn't change what happened." 
"I know it doesn't change it. But just like you didn't want to torture that guy, you did. Because YOU were under orders. I did what I was supposed to do because I was also under orders. Ariya," Justin looked up at me, "I didn't want to do that to you." 
I looked at Justin, wide-eyed, "What?" 
"I didn't want to do that to you. I'm sorry." 
"Didn't you just say a bit ago that you were disgusted with me?"
"I'm just confused. You went through the same teachings growing up. Well mostly. How am I supposed to feel? How am I supposed to go against everything I was taught? You know as well as I do that we were taught that the Navi were monsters. I saw the bloodshed from the 2 locations. How am I not supposed to see them as monsters?" Justin said. I could clearly see his inner turmoil he was going through. 
"You're supposed to believe that you know who I am, Justin. I'm not a different person. I just activated my ability. I need to drink blood now. But I'm the same person. I'm still AriAriya." 
"Ari?" Justin said, raising an eyebrow at me. 
I blushed, "That's what my family used to call me" 
"Cute." Justin giggled. 
I stared at him, blushing, my eyes wide, "So now what happens?" 
"You tell me what happened with Boss. Why were you so upset?" 
My breathing picked up, and I looked at Justin with fear in my eyes, "We had a questioning session, then I made him mad, he beat me up, and then he left telling me I'd never know where my mother is." 
Justin narrowed his eyes at me, "Why is that freaking you out?" 
"I don't know. I don't remember." 
"What do you mean you don't remember?" 
"I don't remember my mother. I don't even know what she looks like or who she is. I don't remember a thing about her. But for some reason thinking about her, it stresses me out. A lot." 
"You really don't have any memory of your past?" 
"I remember some things. Not a lot. I remember that I'm a Navi. I remember my grandfather. What I do know is extremely limited." 
"Huh. So how do we get your memories back?" 
"There's only 2 ways. The first way is you guys could let me out of here and Drake can unlock my memories for me. We both know that's not gonna happen. So that leaves the only other way. Ivan needs to remember first which will trigger mine to unlock." 
Justin narrowed his eyes at me, "Who the hell is Ivan?" 
###chapter Thirty Five
*Ariya* 


"Ivan is someone from my past. I don't remember him though. He was a memory that was locked away by Drake. But until he remembers who he is, I won't remember everything about my past." I told Justin. 
"Isn't that convenient." Justin scoffed. 
"It's not like I'm the one that made the lock. That was all Drake. But yeah. It is pretty convenient." I laughed. 
"Let me guess, you don't even know who this person is, do you?" Justin asked. 
I sighed, "Justinplease." 
"What?"
"Please don't make me lie to you." I said looking down. 
"Fine." Justin said as he walked closer to me. "I need to fix you up. That's the reason I got sent in here. Boss wants to make sure that you are ready for tomorrow." 
I flinched. I knew tomorrow was going to be awful and I was scared. My body began to shake uncontrollably as I thought about what they might do. It was Justin's turn to look down. He got that look on his face that told me he was fighting something deep inside him. 
"Penny for your thoughts?" I asked, trying to lighten the mood slightly, though I knew that this subject wasn't going to be light even in the slightest. 
"Huh?" Justin looked up at me. 
"You look like you're fighting something in you. You always have that look on your face that you are going through an internal battle. What is it? What are you fighting?" I asked. 
Justin looked at me. I couldn't read his expression. It was like a mix of pain and anger and something else. Something I couldn't put my finger on. Justin didn't answer me. It was like he couldn't find the words but also didn't want to say anything. He walked up to me. 
"I need to make sure nothing is broken and if it is I need to fix it. I'm going to put my hands on you. Is that ok?" Justin asked, looking me in my eyes like he was looking in my mind. 
"I don't really have a choice" I said, staring back at him. 
"You do with me at this moment. It has to happen. But I can wait until you are ready." He said softly. 
I stared at Justin in disbelief, "I don't understand. Why are you being so nice to me?"
Justin didn't answer me. He just shrugged his shoulders. 
"You know I can feel if something is broken right?" I asked. 
It was Justin's turn to look at me in disbelief, "Really?" 
"Really." 
"Sois everything broken?" Justin asked. 
"Oh yeah. Duh. Sorry. Not much. Couple ribs, my nose, and I'm pretty sure my shoulder is out of its socket. The rest is just bruising and little cuts." 
"Should probably fix your shoulder first." Justin said taking stock of my injuries. 
I looked at Justin, opened my mouth to say something then stopped. 
"What is it, Ariya?" Justin asked, looking at me curiously.
I hesitated, "You should probably fix my nose first" 
Justin cocked his head to the side, looking at me unsure. 
I shifted uncomfortably, looking down, "Justin II justI can't always control myself is all." Justin stood there, waiting for me to say more. I sighed, "I'm new at this. I don't know how to control it completely yet. But I can feel that I'm hungry. I'm guessing that when you start breaking bones to put them back into place that I'm going to get hungrier. If I lose controlI justI don't want to hurt you again" 
Justin nodded, "We'll start with your nose then." 
Justin walked up closer to me and lightly put his hands on my nose to fix the break. I flinched in pain and my breathing quickened. I was scared. I knew this was going to hurt and I was scared of the pain that was coming. I squeezed my eyes shut, anticipating the pain that was to come. 
"Breathe Ariya. I'm going to try to do all of this quickly so the pain doesn't linger. Try to breathe. Try not to panic so much. It will be over soon." 
Without waiting for me to respond, Justin's grip on my nose tightened, he pulled down forcefully. My eyes flew open from the sudden shock. My vision blurred. I heard my nose pop as Justin was getting it back into place. I screamed in pain but my scream was quickly muffled by the blood that poured out of my nose. I gagged as it went down the back of my throat. 
This sucks, I thought. 
As my vision started to restore itself, I felt Justin's hands on my side. Thinking about Justin touching me so softly, I probably would have been blushing but at this moment all I felt was pain. 
How am I going to get through all of this? This is going to be a constant thing. Based on what Boss told me. They are constantly going to be hurting me. I closed my eyes shut. 
Justin popped one of the ribs back in place and was working on the other one when the hunger hit me. Hard. It was like a truck ran me over suddenly. My throat burned and my canines felt itchy. My eyes flew open and my vision sharpened.
"Get away from me!" I growled at Justin. 
Justin was about to pop my shoulder back in when he froze. He looked at me wide-eyed. My fangs pushed their way out and I growled at Justin. He moved back away from me. 
"Ariya, breathe. Get control of yourself." 
I bared my fangs at him. I just wanted one taste. My tongue moved back and forth. Just one taste. I pulled at the restraints holding me in place. 
Justin glared at me, "Prove to me that you're not a monster, Ariya!" 
I gasped as my heart pulled in my chest. I looked at Justin wide-eyed. My vision went back to normal, my canines receded, and my shoulders slumped. I looked down at the ground. Ashamed. 
Justin grabbed my face from the bottom of my jaw to make me look at him. He released my face and I let my head drop back to the ground. I didn't want to look at him. I just wanted this to be over. He put his hands around my shoulder and felt where it needed to go to be fixed. After he set my shoulder back in place he took a step back. 
"That's it. Everything should be back in place now." 
I stayed silent, looking at the ground. I didn't understand it. We were Navi. We'd never been ashamed of who we were. I was never ashamed of myself. But for some reason. I feel ashamed now. I feel like I deserved everything that was about to happen to me. I deserve to suffer for the fear I bring onto others. I deserve to be treated like an animal. Like a thing. I was a monster. 
###chapter Thirty Six
*Ariya* 


"Ariya?" 
I continued looking down. I just felt hopeless. I was worried about what was going to come. But I also had this overwhelming feeling that I deserved what was coming as well. 
"Ariya, I'm sorry." 
I looked up at Justin, confused. "Why are you sorry?" 
"I know it hurts a lot. I'm not trying to hurt you. But I feel like I did hurt you mentally too." Justin shifted, uncomfortably. 
"I deserve it." I whispered. 
"Shut up." Justin growled at me. "No one deserves what Boss has planned for you" 
I blinked at Justin, "What?" 
Justin grabbed my face with both of his hands, "Ariya, I'm confused because we were taught the way we were taught. Knowing you from before. It makes it harder. There's no pain killers being given to you. I can only imagine the pain that you go through when I set your bones. It makes sense that you lost control. You even warned me before it happened. You're not a monster. You just showed me that. You have a monster inside of you, yes. But you. You are not a monster." 
"The look you give me when I turn or we talk about it is one of disgust though." 
Justin sighed, "It's going to take me some time to come around, Ariya. I've been taught to treat your kind like monsters. But I know you, Ariya. It hurts me to see you hurting. Thinking about what's coming for youit makes me want to throw up." 
My eyes began to burn from the tears that threatened to fall down my face, "I'm scared." 
"I would be too if I was in your position. But I'll be here, Ariya." 
"You'll be here? To fix me up each time?" I asked, looking at Justin through my tears. 
"Every time. I promise." Justin swore to me, without breaking eye contact. 
Fresh tears ran down my face. Justin wiped them away with his thumbs. His hands, still on my face. My heart was breaking apart thinking about what Boss was going to do to me. I stopped trying to be so strong. I allowed myself to break apart. Justin pulled my head to his chest as he got closer to me. He was hugging me. Well, as best you could hug someone that was chained up. For a moment I felt safe. I felt Justin rest his head on top of mine. His inner battle was more than likely about to get a lot worse after I was tortured. I breathed in his scent and Justin kissed the top of my head. 
My stomach then decided that this was the perfect moment to interrupt. It growled so loudly that I was sure a demon was coming up from the depths of hell. I laughed as Justin pulled away looking at me in shock. 
"What? I'm starving. It's not like I've eaten anything in the past couple days. Besides, I don't control my stomach, it has a mind of its own." I laughed. 
"Ariya, we've given you blood, that's how we healed your wounds. I know I need to give you some now so your wounds can close up but I wasn't expecting a monster in your stomach." He laughed and poked me. 
I raised my eyebrow at him, "Justin, that's not the hunger I'm talking about." 
Justin stared at me confused. "Huh?" 
I laughed, "I still need to eat regular food." 
"Wait. What? Really?" 
The look on Justin's face had me laughing so hard my stomach hurt. His jaw had dropped. Looks like there was something that they didn't know about us. It took a minute, but I regained control of myself from laughing. 
"Yes, really. I have to eat regular food too. I'm not dead, dead. I died before I turned, yes. But I didn't really die. Not all the way. I still have a heartbeat. While I need blood as well, I do need regular food too. I'm just a LOT harder to kill now. My body heals itself which is where the blood lust comes from. But I still function just like you all do. I need regular food to sustain myself too." 
Justin blinked at me, shocked, "I didn't know. I don't think Boss knows either. I'm going to have to tell him, Ariya. That's the only way he's going to let me bring food in here for you." 
"Can you tell him soon? I'm starving." 
Justin shifted, uncomfortably. "YeahI can" 
"What's wrong?" I asked, concerned.
"He's probably going to want you to tell him directly. I just didn't want him back in here today. But you definitely need food. Your stomach sounded like it was bringing the dead to life." 
I laughed at Justin's comment, "Sounds about right. It's ok about Boss though. I will do my best not to piss him off again." 
"Promise me you'll behave and do everything not to make him angry. I don't want you getting hurt more."  
"I promise." 
"Ok, I need to give you blood first though. I'll end up with his wrath otherwise. You're supposed to be healed up after I fixed all your bones." Justin said. 
"How is that going to work?" 
Justin pulled out a syringe with blood in it, "Last time we just injected it into your neck. You were unconscious. I was just going to do the same thing." 
"You need to put the bite thing in my mouth. I don't know if I can control myself if you just do that." I said nervously. 
"You can. Trust yourself, ok? I believe in you." Justin reassured me. 
I clenched my jaw shut tightly as Justin got ready to inject me. I hated needles. This was like getting a shot. Justin pushed the needle into my neck and I gasped. As he injected the contents, I felt my eyes start to change. My canines forced their way out at the same time and my breathing quickened. 
"Ariya?" 
"I'm still hereI need more" I breathed. 
I was still in complete control. But the way that this was done made me feel weird. It felt like my body temperature skyrocketed. My eyes felt hot for a few seconds and then went back to normal. My fangs were itchy and I wanted to bite down but that feeling too went away after a few seconds. The hunger was less and my body was beginning to heal. 
"I'm gonna give you the second one now." Justin said. 
It was the same feeling as the last time. I tried to focus on the feelings. Maybe when I could finally talk to Drake I could ask him about it. It wasn't like how it felt when we normally fed. When we fed from someone it felt like we were satisfying a thirst. But this time it was like we just lost some of the feeling. Justin finished injecting the second vile. My eyes and teeth went back to normal after a couple seconds. 
"You ok?" Justin asked. 
"Yeah, the bones are healing." 
"Your eyes were different this time." 
"It felt different. What did they look like?" 
"It was like the red came from the outside and just went all the way and covered your entire eye. Then it went away after a couple seconds. It was kinda freaky." Justin explained. 
I shivered, "That is weird." 
Justin's expression softened, "How long before everything is healed?" 
"It's almost done. He didn't give me any massive injuries." 
"Ok. I'm going to go talk to him about regular food, ok?" 
I looked at him with fear in my eyes, "Promise me you'll come back." 
Justin held my face in his hands, "I promise I'll come back tonight. No matter what, I promise I will come back tonight. I will try to come back with Boss if he comes here, but if he orders me out you know I can't stay. But I will be back." 
Justin kissed me on the top of my head before leaving. My stomach growled thinking about why he was leaving. I giggled thinking back to our conversation. I thought about how Boss would take it, finding out that I needed to eat regular food and then I got nauseous. He was definitely going to use this against me. At some point he was going to starve me. As the fear started to set in I got hit with a debilitating migraine. My vision skewed momentarily. I looked around but no one was in the room with me. Who the hell was trying to get into my head?
###chapter Thirty Seven
*Ariya*


"Ari!" A voice shouted in my mind. 
My eyes went wide, "Keo?!" 
"Ari! I'm so glad we finally reached you! What's going on?! Are you ok? We've been trying to reach you for days now!" 
I laughed, "I'm managing, Keo. I'm ok. Don't worry so much." 
"Ari, you're a hostage now. They're going to torture you" 
My face fell, "I know, Keo. Boss told me what each day was going to be like. I've been unconscious since that night. I just barely woke up today. Boss and I talked for a while and then I pissed him off" 
Keo growled, "Did he hurt you?!" 
"Yeah, I became his personal punching bag for a bit. Keo, you just said it yourself, they're going to torture me. I'm going to be getting hurta lot" 
"We have to get you out of there, Ari." 
"You can't. Not yet, Keo. I need to get my memories back first." 
"Ari, you can get those back here. You don't need to be there getting tortured to get them back." 
"Keo, if I leave here now, they're going to chase us. They won't stop until they catch us. I can't be trying to remember everything at the same time as trying to fight off attacks. I need to be able to control myself and control my abilities. I just got them. I didn't get them until just a few days ago. I have no idea how any of this works." 
"But" 
"It's going to be ok, Keo. I know you're here. You can talk to me some days and help me through the mental part of it." 
"I can also help with the physical part, Ari." 
"What? How?" I asked, confused. 
"Because we used to switch all the time when we were kids. I don't know if you remember, but we used to pretend to be one another all the time. The only one who was never fooled was Ivan. But everyone else was. No one could tell that we switched." 
"Keo, we just pretended to switch though right? We didn't actually switch." 
"True, but for some reason, I feel like we can actually switch places. Ari, I've never been able to contact anyone through their mind. Drake tried teaching me but I could never do it. But with you, I can. I feel like if we continue working on connecting through our mind then we might be able to see each other as if we were face to face too. Caleb said you both did it once. If we can do that, we should be able to train as well." 
My mind was racing as I processed what Keo had told me, "It's worth a shot. If it means I can get in control a lot faster then I might not have to stay here as long." 
"We'll have to work on it, it's probably not going to happen quickly. But we can work on it. It will drain you a bit mentally, though" 
"It's ok. It will probably help me sleep better. I'm kinda chained up right now." 
"Chained up? You're not sitting in a chair like I was?" 
"No. I don't think they realized you were who you were. I think Boss thinks that you are dead. So he probably just thought you might be another wolf or something. But they know I turned. So they plan on torturing me each day. Well, almost every day. So right now I'm basically attached to a table with my hands above my head chained up and my feet are chained at the bottom. There's a chain around my waist probably to keep me in place. You know, 5 star comfort over here." 
Keo growled, "This isn't right, Ari." 
"I know, but it is what it is. I'm either going to live through this or I won't. One of the two." 
"That's not funny." 
"I know but it's the only thing that's getting me through this. Are you guys ok? Did you make it out alright?" 
"About that" Keo hesitated, "Caleb met up with me quickly but apparently they had Shadows in waiting. There were 17 of them, Ari. They messed Caleb and I up pretty bad at first. We're ok though. Drake got to us in time. But all the Shadows that came after us are dead" 
I whistled in my head, "Wow. That's almost all the Shadows that I think Boss employed. I'm sure there's a few more and I'm sure he'll get more. But he was probably angry as hell that you guys got away and killed them all." 
"You're not mad?" 
"They attacked you, Keo. Why would I be mad about you guys defending yourselves?" 
"You didn't want to kill everyone that was there back when we were both there." 
"That's because there are innocent people here, Keo. Mya and Link aren't against us. It looked like it for sure during that, but that was because Boss was suspicious. They wouldn't have done what they did otherwise." 
"Who is Mya and Link?" 
"They were on my team when I turned. Mya was the girl that cut her hand open and Link is the one that cut my shirt open." 
Keo growled, "That looked real enough to me." 
"That was the point, Keo. Boss wouldn't be suspicious if they did things like that. Granted it only mostly worked. He's still skeptical. But he hasn't done anything to them yet." 
"That you know of." 
I growled this time, "I hope they're ok." 
"Are they going to help get you out?" 
"No. They're informants for us for right now. I don't think Boss is going to let them near me though. So I'm not sure how useful they'll be in getting any information to me right now. But if we need them, they'll be there." 
"Were they the only 2 you were worried about?" 
"Well, they were the 2 that were in the room. But I was worried about Justin. Then there's Ivan" 
"Who the hell is Justin?" 
I shifted, uneasily. Keo was going to be so mad, "He's the one that cuffed me, held me in place while they hurt me, and then I bit him" 
"Ariya, are you kidding me?!" 
Yuphe was pissed. "Keo"
"No! Absolutely not! Why the hell are you worried about him? That guy deserved to be bit after what he let them do to you! He's probably dead anyway." 
"He's not. I took a lot of blood from him, but not enough to kill him. Mya was able to save him in time. It's a good thing I did too. If he had been coherent he probably would have been one to track you down. He's a tracker, Keo. A really good one too. I'm pretty sure he was there the night of the attack" 
"He was. I remember him running off with your Boss after everything"
My heart broke, "Keo, he's helping me through this." 
"Helping you through this, how?" 
"He's the one that put my bones back into place, and emotionally so far he's helped me out a lot." 
Keo growled, "You like him, don't you? How close are you 2?" 
"He was the one that trained me when I first got here. I was the only trainee he had. We weren't super close but we were closer. We were a team here before I got my own team and moved up. He moved up when I did and ended up in charge of the trackers." 
"I don't approve." 
I laughed, "I have to get approval from you first?" 
"Uh yeah, duh. You're my sister. My TWIN sister. Of course I have to approve." 
"So does this work the other way then too?"
"Absolutelybut seriously, Ari" 
"What's wrong, Keo?" 
"I shouldn't say" 
"You already started, so just tell me." 
"It was supposed to be you and Ivan" 
I heard footsteps getting closer and the fear started to set in. "Keo, I gotta go. Try to contact me tomorrow night. Don't panic if you don't get hold of me. Just try every night. I'll be ok. I gotta go. They're coming. Block this conversation please. Boss can tell if I'm lying. He has a serum." 
I could feel the conversation getting locked, Drake must have wiggled his way in through the link Keo had made. Right when the conversation got locked the door clicked open. Drake and Keo severed the connection. Boss walked in, eyeing me suspiciously. 
"Who were you talking to?" 
###chapter Thirty Eight
*Ariya*


"Who were you talking to?" Boss asked. 
I looked at him confused, "No one." 
"Justin tells me that you eat regular food. Is that true? Or are you just trying to get out of your chains?" Boss moved on. 
As if on cue, my stomach growled, "It's true. We need to eat regular food too." 
"Really? What else?" Boss seemed intrigued. 
I took a breath, "We're not as different from you as you might think. I still need regular food to sustain myself. I still need water. I don't burn in the sun. I can't turn into a bat. I don't know what other folklore there is. I know you know most of this, but none of it is really true. I'm basically the same as I was before, I just also need blood now tooand I'm harder to kill." 
"Do you know why that is?" 
I looked at him confused, "The blood part? It's to help heal me, and I guess it is part of why I don't age. But typically as a blood born you turn by hitting your peak age. Because they don't really die they still go on living the same as everyone else. But I did diekind of." 
Boss just raised his eyebrow at me, "Go on." 
"I kind of died? I don't know. I don't really understand it all. I just know that I had catastrophic injuries. My body couldn't sustain and Mya couldn't heal me fast enough. Because I activated my other abilities my body went into survival mode and instead of me fully dying, I turned. Apparently when you turn after dying you keep whatever injuries you had that led to your death as scars. But I did die. But I was only dead for maybe 15 seconds" 
"So kind of dead then?" Boss said, amused. 
"Yeah" My stomach growled loudly, seemingly annoyed for being ignored. 
Boss laughed, "Justin, get her something to eat. Apparently lots of it too." 
"Anything specific?" Justin asked.
"Anything you really like eating, Ariya?" Boss asked me. 
I blinked at Boss, confused as to why he was asking for my opinion. Concern and fear washed over me and I hesitated to answer. 
"Think of it as a peace offering. Behave and I won't restrict food from you. Behave a lot and you might get some type of rewards. Act out and I'll take everything from you. I need information, Ariya. You are the means to getting it. Whatever your ridiculous plan is that you had Drake lock away in your mind, I will be ready. We are seeing who the better strategist is right? If you are weak and frail, my information isn't going to be completely accurate, now is it?" Boss cooed. 
"You're still restricting the amount of blood I take though."
"Well yeah, that would be pretty stupid of me to give you all that you need, for one you could go rabid and that gets us nowhere. But aside from that, you honestly think I'm going to make it easy for you to escape? Absolutely not." 
My eyes grew wide and my heart began pounding in my chest, "Please don't let that happen to me" 
Boss furrowed his eyebrows, "Ariya, the only way you're going to go rabid is if you give in to your desires and allow yourself to become one. Though, I've never seen a rabid blood born. I don't know if you guys are capable of it to be honest, but I also don't want to find that out." 
I had never heard of a blood born going rabid before either. But there weren't many of us. Drake would be the only one that would know if it was possible or if it had happened before. Boss sent Justin to go get me food so I could eat something. 
"Why did you warn him to fix your nose first? And then you warned him again when you lost control. Why?" Boss questioned me. 
I stared at Boss shocked. I didn't realize Justin would have told him. It made sense though. Justin was loyal to Boss. It made me curious just how much Justin told him. 
"I didn't want to hurt him" I said, looking down at the ground, ashamed. 
"You already hurt him. When you chose to attack him the first time to free that boy." 
"I was scared, and hurt at that time." 
"You were also trying to get free." 
"No, I wasn't." I whispered. 
"What was that?" Boss grabbed my face roughly, forcing me to look at him. 
"I wasn't trying to escape."
"Explain." He let my face go. 
"I thought it was possible for me to continue working for you at first. But when Mya and Link outed me, I knew I was going to be your prisoner." Justin walked back in, "Keothi was the only reason I ran. You gave me a reason to come back" 
Boss furrowed his eyebrows, "You knew it was a trap?" 
"I suspected as much, but you mentioned Caleb by name. I had to be sure." 
Justin set the food he'd brought back down on a cart. He was watching me intensely. I could tell he was on edge. He had made me promise not to anger Boss. The route this conversation was going, I would probably end up making Boss very mad. 
"Why did you need to get that boy free?" 
"I didn't. I just couldn't bear the thought that he was here. When everything happened, I saw an opportunity. I was scared. I was hungry and Justin got close enough and I took a chance." I looked at Justin, "I'm sorry." I looked back at Boss, "And thank you." 
Boss stared at me, shocked, "Thank you for what?" 
"For stopping me from killing him. I don't know how to control myself. Killing him would have solidified me as a monster. I don't want to kill someone because I'm hungry. Fighting for my life and someone dying because of that is one thing, but killing someone because I can't control myself is different." 
Boss narrowed his eyes, "The fact that you're a Navi makes you a monster. Don't kid yourself." 
I looked down at the ground. Unable to say anything. I knew I wasn't going to convince Boss that I wasn't a monster. But I was hoping that Justin would still come around. I knew Justin was about to be angry with me though. 
"Who was that boy? What was he to you, Ariya?" 
I looked at Boss with fear filled eyes. Then I looked at Justin who hadn't taken his eyes off me. He was anticipating my response. They both were. I almost had gotten food. Instead of food now, I was more than likely going to receive a beating instead. I looked at Boss straight in the eyes.
"His name is Keothi Navi." 
I took a deep breath, preparing myself for what was to come. 
"Keo is my twin brother."
###chapter Thirty Nine
*Ariya*


"Keo is my twin brother." 
"What? NoThat's notThat's not possible. I killed him" Boss stammered, looking at me wide-eyed. 
Justin looked frozen in place. I couldn't tell what he was thinking. His face had a mix of unreadable expressions. 
"It is, Boss. I couldn't believe it when I walked in that room. It caught me off guard for a second and I didn't believe my eyes at first either. But it was him. It was really him." 
Without warning, Boss grabbed me around the throat, glaring at me. Justin took a step closer to me. Bold move if he was going to try to protect me. Especially going against Boss. 
"Shut your mouth!" Boss shouted at me, the rage dripping off of him. 
"I'msorry." I choked out. 
"He's dead. There's no way." Boss loosened his grip as he was trying to process what I had told him. 
"He's not. I swear. That's my brother." 
Boss released me. "You're happy about this, aren't you?" 
"I'm sorry. All this time I thought he was dead. He's my brother. I can't help but be happy he's not dead." 
Boss eyed me suspiciously, "Justin, deal with her. I'll let you off the hook since you've been honest, Ariya. You get to eat tonight. You'll need your strength for tomorrow anyway." 
Boss left the room in a hurry after that. He didn't push further. I would have to have Drake lock the reason that Keo was still alive when they reached out. 
Justin walked closer to me, "Well that was stupid. Why did you do that, Ariya? You promised." 
I sighed, "I didn't start that part of the conversation. Boss did. If I lie to him he'll really get angry. I have to keep telling him the truth for now." 
Justin narrowed his eyes, "How did that conversation start?" 
"Boss asked me why I warned you about fixing my nose first and then when I lost control" 
Justin flinched, "I'm sorry. I have to tell him something. I didn't know it was going to cause a problem. I was hoping telling him that would help you out a little bit." 
"It did, I got food now, didn't I?" My stomach growled. 
Justin laughed, "Yeah. That's true. You realize that I have to basically feed your food to you right now right? Since I wasn't given permission to undo the restraints." 
"Sorry." 
"Don't apologize. I don't mind." Justin grinned. 
"You need to be careful, Justin." I warned him. 
Justin paused, "Are you hungry in the other way?" 
"That's not what I mean. You need to be careful. If Boss realizes how you have been treating me, he's going to take his rage out on you. Do you even know what ability he has?" 
Justin seemed lost in thought. He gave me food, which I thankfully chomped down, while he was thinking. I was almost done with all the food he had brought when he finally spoke again. 
"I don't know his ability. Which is odd now that I think about it. I know I need to be careful, Ariya. I will be. Don't worry about me. I can handle myself." 
I looked at Justin, concerned, "JustinI worry about you" 
Justin reached up and brushed my cheek lightly with the back of his hand, "I know. But you have to worry more about yourself right now. I'll be okI worry about you too though." 
"You'll be the one to fix me up after each night though right?" 
"I will. I promise. I will also bring food each time as long as I'm allowed." 
"I will look forward to that then." 
"Ariyapromise me you'll do your best not to piss Boss off too much." 
I shifted uncomfortably, "This is basically war, Justin. I can't promise I won't end up pissing him off. But I will do my best to be careful. I don't want to make things harder than they already are." 
"You mean, harder than they're about to be?"
I flinched, "Yeah." 
Justin's expression softened, "I care about you, Ariya. I think a part of me has always cared about you, since you were my trainee. Please, just be careful." 
"I willI care about you too." 
Justin came closer and hugged my head to his chest. I breathed in his scent trying to commit it to memory. I would need something to think about while I was being tortured tomorrow. I was scared of what was to come. Justin kissed the top of my head. 
"You should rest. Well, as best you can." Justin said softly. 
"You're leaving?" I asked, the panic starting to set in. I was afraid to be left alone here. I was scared of what was coming tomorrow. 
Justin nodded, " I need to leave soon." 
"Please don't go yet." I whispered. 
Justin sighed, "Just a little longerAriya, how did you get the scar over your eye?" 
I blinked at him, "Oh! Umwell I was trying to protect Mya. The rabid went after her and picked up one of the swords that we dropped during the fight. As he went to bring the sword down, I had my arms up to use my arm guards to block the attack. I was in a rush and so I wasn't perfect in my form. The tip of the sword got my eye." 
Justin winced. Thinking about how it happened and how it must have felt was probably an incredibly freaky thing to some people. I wonder if Boss would have the same reaction. Justin reached up and traced the scar on eye. 
"I guess it's a good thing that you turned. You might have been blind in that eye otherwise." 
"That's true. I couldn't see out of it after it happened but there was a lot of blood so I couldn't really open that eye anyway." 
"Waitdoesn't your brother have the same scar? How did that happen?" Justin asked, the wheels in his head visibly turning as he tried to piece the puzzle together. 
"I'm not sure how. I don't have my memory of it yet. But I think it was from the night of the attack. Boss said he had killed Keothi. Maybe it was during that?" 
"If Boss thinks he killed him, how is Keothi alive?" Justin asked. 
"Are you asking to tell Boss?" 
Justin laughed, "No, Ariya. I'm asking because I'm just curious. I'm not telling Boss about our conversations. But I do need to tell him things that happen. For instance what is broken, what I fixed. How many vials of blood I have to give you. Stuff like that. I was trying to win you some points by telling him that you warned me about losing control. That obviously backfired a bit." 
I thought for a minute. Telling Justin could prove useful. Whether he told Boss or not, I would know where his loyalties were. It wasn't like Boss would never find out about Keo turning already. I didn't think it would matter if Boss went in knowing that Keo was already a vampire or not. I decided to tell Justin and test if he really did care about me or if he was just blowing smoke to make me think he did. 
"Keo turned the night of the attack."
###chapter Forty
*Keothi*


After reaching Ariya I breathed a sigh of relief. There was so much more that we needed to talk about but knowing that she was ok and still alive was what was important at the moment. 
"Did you reach her? Is she ok? Where is she? What's going on?" Caleb bombarded me. 
"Breathe, Caleb. She's holding on. She's still at the facility. It was as we suspected. Something else is going on there. At least I think so. She said something about Boss having a serum that can make it to where he knows when someone lies." I explained. 
"How does the serum work?" Drake asked, his eyes narrowing. 
"I'm not sure. We got cut off too quickly. It sounds like they're going to have a new set of torture for her each day. So we need to figure out how she and I can switch quickly or she's going to take all of this on her own." 
"What all did you two talk about? There has to be more than Boss has a serum." Caleb asked. 
"We caught up quickly. She knows that we're all safe. That we killed a bunch of Shadows to get out of there. She said that was probably all the Shadows that Boss employed. She explained that she's chained to a table upright. I explained that we might be able to switch places. Then we went over who was important there with her." I growled, "She has a thing for Justin." 
"Justin?" Drake eyed me curiously. 
Caleb laughed, "Easy, Keo. She doesn't remember Ivan yet. It's going to be ok." 
I growled louder, baring my fangs, "Ivan needs to hurry up and remember already or I'll kick his ass." 
Drake coughed, "It's going to take a while. It's my fault he doesn't remember yet. I put so many locks because I was worried he was going to get caught." 
I narrowed my eyes at Drake, "What do you mean? How many locks did you put on him? I thought it was just the one?" 
"Ummmwell I was worried that hearing your name would unlock the memories. Keep in mind I was also suppressing his wolf side. Wolves HAVE to shift at least monthly. Ivan hasn't shifted in 14 years. He doesn't remember anything. Hearing your name was one lock. He also has to call Ariya what he used to. She also has to call him Ivan. Lastly, he has to hear Caleb's name." 
"How is she supposed to call him Ivan if she doesn't remember Ivan?" I asked, frustrated. 
"She has her suspicions on who he is." 
"Not anymore. You locked it when you locked the plan in her mind." Caleb intervened. 
Drake cursed under his breath, "The locking part of the plan is going to cause problems"
"So what do we do about it?" I said pacing. 
"Easy, Keo. She only really needs to say Ivan's name with him around for him to start unlocking his memories. When his memories start unlocking, her memories will start to unlock as well. They just won't get all their memories back the rest of the way until she calls him Ivan. Didn't you say your full name in the room?" 
"Yeah, but I only said my full first name." 
"That's all that was needed. Ivan would have started unlocking his memories more by now. And you said Boss announced Caleb's name over the intercom right? That's how he got Ariya to stay?" 
"Yes" I grinned.
"Then Ivan's memories should start to push through a bit. Hopefully she can figure out to say his name with him around and he will call her what he used to. His memories will start pushing through after that." Drake grinned back. 
"Looks like it's all coming together then." 
"Wait, something doesn't feel right" Caleb interjected. 
"What's wrong?" Drake and I asked, starting to feel the nausea. 
"Ivan hasn't shifted in 14 yearsif he remembers while he's at the facility, he could shift on the spot right?" 
"I don't think he will, he had control of his ability before you Caleb. You guys don't really struggle with control too much. Maybe anger a bit. But outside of that, it should be ok" Drake said thinking out loud. 
"That's not completely true. I remember hearing something about us having issues with control but only when it came to certain requirements" Caleb trailed off, lost in thought. 
"What are you thinking, Caleb?" I asked. 
"Remember how Ivan was the only one that ever knew when you and Ariya would pretend to switch places?" 
"YeahWhat about it?" I was trying to connect the pieces but it wasn't clicking for me yet. 
Drake went pale, "If Ivan remembers who he is and Ariya is getting tortured, he won't be able to stop himself from shifting. He'll jump in trying to protect her. The plan will be out the window and it won't matter at all. He'll probably be killed on the spot or used against Ariya" 
"We need to warn Ari." I said, wide-eyed. 
"She's not going to be able to stop it, Keo. She doesn't fully remember who Ivan is. How are they going to be able to prevent him from shifting? It doesn't matter if he shifts beforehand. The second he sees that she's being hurt, he'll shift automatically." Caleb warned. 
"What do we do then?" I asked, worried. 
"We need to get to Ivan before he remembers he's Ivan. I can create a different lock. Where he only remembers who he is when it's just the 2 of them or if he's completely alone. Just like the plan works. That way, if she's being tortured, he's not going to remember being a wolf which will make it to where he won't shift." Drake said, his wheels turning in his mind as he came up with a solution. 
"That could split his personality though" Caleb said, concerned. 
"It probably already is split though" Drake trailed off. 
"Probably not as much as you think. If what you told us is correct Caleb, Ivan probably still cares about Ariya whether he remembers or not." 
"So how are we going to get to Ivan in time?" Caleb asked. 
"We need to act quickly. Keo, you were there, you know who Ivan is right?" 
I nodded. "Yeah, I think so. I didn't see everyone that was there. How do we know it's the right person?" 
"Ivan should have started remembering by now. I'll have to check before creating the new lock anyway. If it's not the right person we can take off." Drake said. 
I went pale, "Wait. We can't do that. If this person isn't Ivan, we're screwed." 
"Why?" Drake and Caleb asked. 
"Ari mentioned something to me when we were talking. I didn't even think about it. But if it's true and we're wrong on who Ivan is. We're screwed. We'll never get Ari back." 
"So our options are, risk Ivan shifting, getting killed or used against Ariya. Or risking ourselves and we never get Ariya back if we're wrong? Fantastic." 
###chapter Forty One
*Ariya*


*I was walking around outside, feeling the soft breeze on my skin. It was night time but I wasn't worried about it. In our little village it was safe. That's what I thought at least. I heard a soft growl behind me. I turned around smiling. "Ivan!" I squealed for joy, running up to him. I threw my arms around his neck. He was in wolf form. He had learned to shift about 2 years ago when Keo and I turned 7. I loved Ivan's wolf. It was so beautiful. Ivan's wolf was black, with white highlights, and he had glowing blue eyes. I snuggled into his fur as Ivan leaned his head in a way that felt like he was hugging me. Ivan whined at me and I knew he was trying to ask me why I was out here at this time. 
"Ariya, what are you doing out here at this time?" My Mom asked, making me spin around toward her.
"Sorry, Mom. I just wanted to go for a walk."
"You didn't wake Ivan up just to go for a walk did you?" 
I giggled, "No, he found me out here." 
Ivan growled at me softly. 
"That's his way of saying don't go for walks without one of us. I know it's safe here sweety, but please be mindful and please be careful." My Mom chided me. 
"Ok. I'm sorry. It was just so nice out." 
"Where's your brother?" 
"He's still sleeping." 
"He's sleeping for a reason. That's what you should be doing right now. Come. Let's go back." 
Ivan leaned down. I giggled as my Mom lifted me up and set me on his back. I wrapped my arms around his neck hugging him as we trotted off back to our home. 
A sharp snap sounded from our right. Ivan turned toward the sound, growling angrily, snapping his jaws at the sound. Fear surrounded me and my body began trembling. I jumped off of Ivan and went in behind him and my Mom. 
"Ari, get out of here. Go find your brother and your grandfather. Now!" 
"I can't leave you both" 
A high pitched whistle flew right in front of us and the area exploded in flames. My eyes grew wide. Shadows started appearing from the ground. Ivan and my Mom leaped at them to fend them off. There were too many of them and they had weapons we'd never seen before. I was frozen in place watching everything unfold in front of me. Mom and Ivan had the upper hand but it didn't last long.  
"MOM!!!" I screamed as the Shadow threw a canister at the ground. 
The ground around my Mom caught fire. She screamed out in agony. A hand grabbed me by the collar hauling me off, away from my Mom and away from Ivan. 
"IVAN!!!" I screamed in fear. Ivan let out an awful sound that was a mix between a scream, a yelp, a cry, and a growl. 
The Shadows surrounded Ivan and my Mom and soon after I screamed for Ivan. The figure that grabbed me took me far away from them. I refused to let myself just be taken. I kicked at my attacker catching them off guard. They dropped me and I took off running. Another wolf showed up as I ran away. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me. I needed to find Keo and Drake quickly. We had to get out of here. 
There was fire everywhere. People were screaming. They were on fire and they were still screaming. They were still running. Trying to get away. I let out a yell as I was so terrified the emotions inside me couldn't be held down anymore. As I turned the corner I ran face first into something hard. I fell back and hit the ground. I got to my feet rubbing my face where I'd hit. 
"Well, well, well. What do we have here?" 
Fear grabbed hold of me. It refused to let me run away. My eyes wide in shock, I looked up at the figure in front of me. I gasped frozen in place. Unable to move. *

- -

"IVAN!!!" I jolted awake screaming and sobbing.
"Whoa! Easy there!" A voice said, trying to hold me in place. 
I was thrashing, unaware of where I was. I tried pulling my arms to my chest as my heart was breaking but they wouldn't move. A voice cursed, trying to keep me still. 
My mind went to my dream, "Mom" I sobbed. 
"I think that was a memory." The voice from before giggled. 
My body began shaking as I sobbed uncontrollably. An overwhelming amount of grief, sweeping through me. My vision blurred as the tears flowed freely. 
"What did you remember?" Boss grabbed my face, forcing me to look at him. 
I stared blankly at Boss. I tried to form the words but nothing came out of my mouth. My mouth opened and then closed again. 
Boss laughed at me, "I didn't even torture you yet and you're already broken. Figures. Your past is that hard to deal with?" 
I went to say something to Boss again but I couldn't move. My body felt like an empty shell. I was overwhelmed with grief. I didn't know how to process everything and the only thing I could do was stare blankly. 
Boss took out a knife and held it up to my throat. I continued to stare blankly. Part of me was hoping he would cut me. Maybe then I would feel something. Something other than grief. Something to remind me that I was still here. Still alive. 
"Tell me what you saw, Ariya." Boss said. 
"Didn't she say Ivan and Mom?" Justin spoke up. 
I looked at him. I didn't realize that he was even here. I felt a pull in my heart. I looked back at Boss. 
"Looks like there's some life back in your eyes, what did you see?" Boss asked me. 
"My Momshe tried to protect meand they lit her on fire" 
The color in Justin's face disappeared and his eyes grew wide. 
Boss narrowed his eyes and clicked his tongue, "Was this before or after you ran into me?" 
"Before." I whispered. 
"That explains a lot." Boss removed the blade from my neck and walked behind me. 
"What?" I breathed, confused as to what was going on. 
Boss undid the restraints holding me to the table. I fell to the floor, unable to catch myself. 
"Justin, restrain her but attach it to the wall and floor. Be careful when you walk in here in case she gets out of them. Ariya, you just got a bit of freedom. Mess it up and you're back on the table." Boss said. 
I got to my hands and knees. I was so confused. Boss was being lenient. But why? I didn't move further as Justin attached the restraints to the wall and the floor. My shoulders hurt from being above my head for so long. I held my hands out as Justin came up to put the restraints back on. 
I looked up at Boss, "Why?" 
Boss raised an eyebrow, "Why what?" 
"Why are you being nice to me?" I breathed. 
"You've been honest. I'm rewarding you. For now. I always wondered why you didn't run away from me when you ran into me that night. Now I know. You were in shock. I think anyone would be given the situation you had right before." Boss stated matter of factly. 
"I thought you were going to torture me." 
"I will. But not this week. Your memories are coming back. I want to know everything. So while they come back I will leave you to process. Act out at all and you can get them as time passes and the torture can start earlier." Boss grinned wickedly. 
"Are we just leaving her here?" Justin asked. 
"Not completely. You will watch her. When she gets a memory back and is functional again, let me know. As it happens. Do not tell anyone else. If she's getting her memories back it means Ivan is too and I'm guessing Ivan isn't currently called Ivan right now. You're the only one I can trust. So stay here. She can still eat and everything. Don't give her too much blood or she'll get her strength back. You don't have to sleep here. But you do need to be here most of the day. Understood?" 
Justin snapped to attention, "Yes sir." 
"Oh and Ariya, just so you know. Your mother is still alive." 
###chapter Forty Two
*Ariya*


I don't think I'm ever going to get over Boss's habit of giving me a big reveal before he leaves a room. My jaw hit the ground as I stared at the door that Boss walked out of. 
"Wait, what?!" I stood up, in disbelief and walked after Boss. 
The chains stopped me in my tracks. My breathing quickened. I wanted to know what happened. I pulled at the chains, trying to get the door so I could go after Boss. 
"Ariya, stop! Don't pull at them. If you break them, he's going to put you back on the table." Justin said, snapping out of his trance. 
I froze in place, "WhyWhy would he tell me that?"
"Probably to give you a bit of hope, Ariya. Or maybe he felt bad? I don't know." Justin said, stepping closer to me. 
I looked at him, the fear and worry across my face like an open book. I didn't try to mask my feelings around Justin. 
"What did you remember, Ariya?" Justin asked.
My eyes grew wide, "I told Boss part of it. But There was a bit more. Ivan was there" 
"Do you know what he looks like? Who is he?" Justin probed. 
I took a step back from Justin, "I don't know. He was in his wolf form. Why are you asking me this?" 
Justin looked at me, "Ariya, I don't mean anything by it. But we need to find out who he is. Don't we?" 
I hesitated, "I need to find out who he is. I don't think YOU need to find out though." 
"What's that supposed to mean?" Justin asked, appalled. 
"Whose side are you on, Justin?" I challenged him. 
"Wait, what?" 
"If you're on my side, then you are trying to find Ivan to get him out of here safely. But if you're on Boss's side, then you're trying to find Ivan to kill him. So whose side are you on?" I growled at Justin. 
"I don't know anymore." Justin said, looking at the ground. 
"Why not?" I challenged him. 
"This is what I've known. All my life. This is what I've known, Ariya. But you, you confuse me! You make me question what I know. I don't know whose side I'm on. I want to be on yours, but everything I know and believe tells me I should be on Boss's side. I don't know anymore." Justin confessed. 
Justin seemed to be breaking apart in front of me. I wanted to comfort him but I wasn't sure if I should move closer. The last thing I wanted to do was cause problems and get us both into trouble. 
"Can you come closer?" I asked him. 
He looked up at me, confused, "What? Why?" 
I blushed, "I want to hug you but I don't want to freak you out or get into trouble for doing so." 
Justin laughed and came over to me. He wrapped his arms around me and I put my head against his chest, snuggling in. It seemed that he was trying to comfort me more than I was trying to comfort him. 
"You're going to get through this, Ariya. I believe in you. All of this is so confusing for me. I don't know what to do anymore." Justin said, taking my face in his hands. 
I looked in Justin's eyes, "I'm not trying to add to your confusion, Justin. But I think if you're confused it's for a reason. Maybe what you know isn't the full truth?" 
Justin sighed, "The more we talk, the more I seem to learn. Some of it seems true though. For instance when you bit me." 
I flinched, "I'm really sorry about that." 
Justin laughed, "I forgive you for it, Ariya. But it adds to the confusion. Why are you behaving so much anyway?" 
"I don't see a reason to make things harder. I mean yeah, I could refuse to tell you guys the truth but where does that get any of us? Telling you the truth seems to go further. Whether you like the truth or not, it matters. Lying doesn't get you anywhere except in a deeper hole." 
"I guess you're right. Boss did give you a lot more freedom this last time." Justin went a little pale, "I didn't know about your Mom." 
Hot, fresh tears burned my eyes. My body began to shake. 
"I'm sorry!" Justin said, instantly regretting bringing it up. 
Justin wiped the tears from my eyes and hugged me tightly. I breathed his scent in, relaxing more. I suddenly felt safer again. I couldn't explain why I felt this way and I knew if I told Keo he would be livid at me for feeling safe in the enemy's arms. But was Justin really an enemy? I didn't know for sure and I couldn't be sure. 
"Will you tell me when you decide?" I asked suddenly. 
"Tell you what?" 
"Tell me whose side you're on. When you know. Will you tell me?" I whispered. 
"Pretty sure I already showed you whose side I'm on." Justin laughed. 
"You're still torn. I can feel it." 
Justin stepped away from me and took my face in his hands, "Ariya, I'm only torn by what I believe to be true. But I know you, and I am going to need to be reminded about that from time to time. Ok? Keep showing me the truth. But Ariya, I'm on your side. When it comes down to it. Thinking of telling Boss something important that could hurt you makes me sick. Thinking about Boss torturing youI can't. I can't deal with that. I don't want you to be hurt, Ariya. I'm on your side, but I don't know what to do." 
"You have to do what Boss tells you to do. Until all my memories are back." 
"What if he asks me to torture you?" 
"Then you have to do it." 
Justin went pale, "AriyaI don't think I can do that." 
"Then you need to leave me here and get out while you still can." 
"I can't do that either." Justin growled. 
I looked at Justin grimly, "Well then you either do what Boss tells you to, or you will end up being killed. If that happens, I'll probably be dead shortly after that." 
###chapter Forty Three
*Ariya*


Justin left to go get food for us when I felt the push in my mind. 
"Keo?" I hesitated. 
"Wow, that was a lot easier this time. I think I'm getting the hang of it." Keo said, triumphantly. 
"I thought I told you to reach out at night? Why are you reaching out now? It isn't safe to reach out during the middle of the day. Someone could have been with me." I scolded him. 
"I know, Ari. But we had to risk it. We got to talking last night and there's something you need to know. I'm guessing since you answered, it's safe to talk?" 
"For now, but hurry." 
"We have to figure out who Ivan is quickly." 
"That shouldn't take too much longer, Keo. I'm starting to get some of my memories." 
"Really? That's good. Maybe we can get you out of there sooner. How much did you remember? Do you remember who Ivan is yet?" 
"I remembered the beginning of the night of the fire. That's it. I just got that this morning. I'm not sure who Ivan is, but I know what his wolf looks like." 
Keo cursed, "Ari, I don't think that's going to be fast enough" 
"What do you mean? I'm getting memories back. Doesn't that mean that Ivan has his now?" 
"Unfortunately no. It just means that he's resisting getting them back. It means that we wedged the door open for his memories. But the lock is still there." 
"Now I'm lost. I thought it worked differently?" 
"Drake and Caleb have to explain, I don't know how to really break it down." 
"Can you add them in here then?" 
"Keo laughed, "I don't know how to do that, Ari. So we might get disconnected for a minute, but if we do it will be Drake that sends the push." 
I giggled, "Ok. If I don't feel anything in 5 minutes I'm going to assume it's not you guys." 
Keo severed the connection and not even 30 seconds went by before I felt a push. This one was familiar since Drake and I had practiced before I came back here. 
"Do you think they can do that, Ariya?" Drake asked, concerned. 
"I wouldn't put it past them. I feel like there's more stuff that I'm missing. It would help if we had more information. Unfortunately I don't think Boss let anyone in on everything he knows. Not even Justin. But if he did tell Justin, I'm pretty sure that Justin will tell me. Eventually. Not right now. But eventually." 
Keo growled. I heard Caleb laugh in my head, "Easy Keo. Once she remembers, you'll stop being upset. You know she'll go right back to swooning over Ivan." 
"Excuse me?" I growled. 
"Ariya, you don't remember yet. We can talk about it when you do remember. I only recently remembered." Caleb laughed. 
"You got your memories back?" I asked Caleb. 
"Yeah, Drake's been working on unlocking them. I don't know if I have everything back but most of it at least." 
"Guys, time" Drake warned. 
"Right. Sorry. So what's this about Ivan? How come I'm starting to remember even if he doesn't have all his memories back?" I asked Drake. 
"I put a lot of contingencies for Ivan. The lock I put on was complicated. It wasn't just one thing that had to happen like yours. But multiple things. You and Keo met a few of the conditions. You had to or Ivan wouldn't have started getting some memories. He probably doesn't realize it's memories of who he really is yet. If he does, he's probably resisting it, or thinking it's something else." Drake explained.
"Ok but how did that make it to where I could start remembering?" 
"You've only remembered 1 thing so far right?" Drake asked. 
"Yeah, just this morning, I got the beginning of that night. Right before and right as everything happened." 
"I'm sorry, Ariya." Drake said softly. 
"Why are you sorry?" Keo interjected. 
"What did you do, Drake?" Caleb asked. 
"He blocked what happened to Mom." I choked out. 
"What do you mean what happened to Mom? Why don't I remember?" Keo growled. 
"You all can be mad at me later. Ariya was there, I was trying to make sure she would make it out alive but with everything that happened that night it was too much for anyone and you both were only 9. I blocked yours, Keo, because you had just turned and you didn't need additional distractions." Drake huffed. 
"I'm not mad, Drake. I'm just hurt because I just remembered. I'm finally feeling what I felt at the moment. I'm not mad at you. I understand why you did it." I said. 
"I'm sorry. Getting back to the point though, your memory is going to come back enough to help Ivan come to terms. Once you know enough you should be able to break the lock open the rest of the way. Once he accepts it he'll get all his memories back. Not all at once. A bit at a time. Like you did. You only got part of that night. There's a lot more." Drake continued. 
"Ok so what is the emergency that you guys had to reach out to me about?" 
"Ariya, when Ivan finally remembers who he is, he's going to shift to protect you. So if he ends up there when you get tortured, he won't be able to stop himself from shifting into a wolf." Drake warned. 
I gasped, "That. What? Why? It doesn't make sense. Why would he shift? Caleb always controlled when he shifted. Why wouldn't Ivan be able to?" 
"I can't tell you and neither can they." Caleb intervened. 
"Why not?" I said, irritated. 
"It's not our place to say. Caleb knows why. It's the same reason that Ivan always knew when we switched, Ari." Keo said. 
"Ivan has to be the one to tell you why." Caleb said. 
"They're right Ariya." Drake confirmed. 
"Great. So Ivan has to get his memories back for me to get all of mine back. But to get his back, I have to get more of mine back so I can help him come to terms with it. In the meantime, I'm under strict surveillance from Justin and Boss because I remembered something with them in front of me. Oh and let's not forget that IF Ivan remembers and I get tortured then he's definitely going to end up dead because he's going to shift into a wolf with everyone around!" I said, starting to panic. 
"Easy, Ariya. We have a plan, just not sure how much you're going to like it." Caleb said. 
"Tell me." 
"We think we know who Ivan is. We're just not completely sure. If we're right, we can do a snatch and grab and put a lock on his memories like we did with the plan. If he's completely alone with you and no one is listening he will know who he is as he learns who he is. But if someone else is there, like your Boss, he won't be able to remember that he's a wolf which will prevent him from shifting." 
"But that could split his personality." I whispered. 
"I said that already" Caleb said. 
"Ari, it's better than him ending up dead." Keo said. 
"What if you're wrong on who Ivan is?" I asked. 
"We might be a little screwed." Keo said nervously. 
"You mean to say really screwed." Caleb growled.
"Ariya, if we're wrong, you'll get a push from one of us right after and you're going to have to get out of there quickly." Drake added. 
"I don't have the strength to. How am I supposed to break out when I can't even get free from the chains I'm in?" I asked, worried. 
"I mean we could kill them if we're wrong." Drake offered. 
"No! Don't add unnecessary deaths to the list. That doesn't help our cause." I growled. 
"We could take them hostage if we're wrong." Caleb offered. 
I thought about it, taking them hostage if they were wrong would be the best option out of the possibilities. I didn't like it but it was the best that we could come up with. I just hoped they were right instead so we didn't have to worry about it. 
"Ok." I sighed, "So when is this masterful plan going to happen?" 
"Tonight. It has to be tonight."
###chapter Forty Four
*Ariya*


I hated this plan. Almost as much as I hated plan B. If they were wrong this could go very bad. I didn't have much time to dwell on it. Justin was going to be back soon. I told them to reach out to me before and after so I knew. They told me they wouldn't be able to tell me who they were guessing Ivan was but they said they would let me know the outcome. Keo said I had to put it together myself from my memories. I hated it. I had an idea but they wouldn't confirm or deny it. I tried to play a mind game and tell them that they confirmed it by refusing to deny it but that got twisted around on me. 
I had them lock the conversation after the connection was severed and remembered to have them lock the fact that I knew that Keo had turned already. When they asked why I told them because I was testing Justin and his loyalty. Keo growled at me about how I felt about Justin but I dismissed his growls as usual. He was being the overprotective brother and I appreciated him for it. I knew it was because he cared. But I think he was rooting for Ivan more than anything. 
I asked Drake to alter his locks that he placed because I was trying to get my memories back and to keep feeling like I was missing something, was bugging me. Drake altered the lock so that when I was alone I would remember everything as well. He said once Ivan knew who he was and I knew who he was, I would be able to retain my memories if it was just Ivan and I. But until then, the conversations between Drake, Keo, Caleb and I were only accessible if I was alone. 
I felt the memories start to disappear and I knew that someone was coming. Justin walked in with piping hot food. The smell hit my nose and my mouth started watering. 
"Oooooo that smells so good!" I exclaimed. 
Justin laughed, "I take it you're hungry?" 
Justin brought the food over and sat down on the floor with me. 
"Aren't you going to get into trouble?" 
"No one is going to be coming over here. Besides, Boss said to stay here and watch you. Per his words, I'm only allowed to leave to get food, to sleep, and to update him when you have another memory. Otherwise I'm supposed to be here, watching you." Justin winked at me.
I laughed, "Don't get into trouble. That's not going to make matters better." 
"Well then let me know when you get a memory. I'm not thinking you'll get another right now or for the rest of today at least." 
"Do you know how the memories come back or something?" 
Justin laughed, "No, just a guess. This was your first memory right?" 
"Yes." 
"Well, it happened when you were asleep. I'm guessing that you might have to be asleep for your memories to come back. But I'm also guessing it is only going to come back a little at a time." 
"So what, during the day, I don't have to stress about getting tortured? But during the night I have to hope that I get more memories back so that I can keep myself from being tortured during the day?" 
"Something like that. Don't stress about it. I'm sure it will come back to you naturally." 
"Can't help but stress about it." 
"Why's that?" Justin asked. 
"My first memory was me watching my Mom fight to try to protect me and some Shadow had some explosive device that was able to light the ground around my Mom on fire. WHICH, if you can't put two and two together, lit her on fire." 
Justin flinched, "I'm sorry that was your first memory but I'm sure the most traumatic ones are going to come back first." 
"Exactly why I can't help but stress about it. What's next?" 
"I'm not sure, but I'll be here, Ariya." 
"You can't sleep here. You'll get into trouble." 
"I know but I'll still be here. I'll be here when you wake up." 
"What if you get here after I've already woken up? I would have already suffered through whatever it was for a while." 
Justin's expression softened. He put his hand on my cheek, pulling me softly to him, "I'll be here. To help you through it. I'll be here, Ariya." 
"Promise?" 
"I mean I can't promise to be here before you wake up, but I promise I will be here." 
"Then promise me you won't leave me. Promise me you won't abandon me." 
"AriyaI promise I won't leave you or abandon you of my own free will." 
The tears burned my eyes. Justin wiped the stray tears away, a worried look on his face. He pulled me to his chest and hugged me tightly. 
"Ariya, I don't think your family abandoned you. From what it sounds like, your family was trying to protect you." 
I sniffed, "I know. But that doesn't mean it doesn't hurt." 
"Want me to punch them in the face when I meet them? I can do it, you know. I might piss my pants when I do, but I can do it. " 
I laughed, "They might fight you. You realize that some of them bite, right?" 
Justin went a little pale, "Right. Forgot about that part." 
"Are you going to be ok being around them? That is if I ever get out of here?" 
"Probably not at first. It will take some time. But if they're like you, I'm sure I'll be ok."
"Thank you." 
"For what?" 
"For being honest. For not trying to sugar coat things. For being you but being willing to try to understand." 
"Ariya, for some reason, I feel like I need to. Especially with you." 
"What is that supposed to mean?" I asked, confused. 
"I don't know. I just feel like I need to protect you. You matter to me, you always have. But I feel like sometimes I need to protect you. Like you're this innocent person in this giant mess and I just want to shield you from it all. Even if it means protecting you from your family." 
"You don't need to protect me from them. Drake, Keo, Caleb, Ivan. They'd never hurt me." 
"You say that now, but Ariya, the only one you know is Caleb at this point. You haven't been around Drake or Keo for what, 14 years? And you don't even know who Ivan is. How do you know you can trust them?" 
*What if he is right?* I thought.
###chapter Forty Five
*Keothi* 


*We're outside, waiting.* I pushed to Ariya. 
*Be careful, Keo.* 

We were waiting for Ivan to come out of the building. As soon as he came out we would follow him. Once he was far enough away we would surround him. I needed to use my energy manipulation to surround us instantly. It would cover the area we were in. Preventing Ivan from escaping as well as bringing out anyone that was following him. Like a Shadow. We could lock his mind and then we'd have to get out of there quickly. 
"What if we're wrong?" Caleb asked. 
"What makes you think we're wrong?" I asked. 
"Well, for one thing, Ivan's wolf was what, black with white tips here and there? And super blue eyes?" 
"YeahCaleb what are you getting at?" I asked, raising my eyebrow. 
"Shouldn't this person, you know, look a little bit like his wolf?" 
Drake laughed, "He does. Well he did. At least a little bit. But I don't think the white tips really showed up until he shifted the first time." 
"Isn't that going to be a problem?" Caleb gasped. 
"Isn't what going to be a problem?" 
"His hair! Is it going to change when he finally gets all his memories back and shifts again?" Caleb shouted, worried. 
"Shhhhhh. You're gonna give us away if you shout." I shushed them. 
Drake seemed deep in thought, "He could always dye it until they get out of there." 
"Dye itthat's your answer. You don't think they're going to notice that?" Caleb rolled his eyes. 
"I'm not saying to dye it blonde or something. But he could dye all his hair black. I mean it's kinda a bit different now anyway. Maybe it won't be noticeable." Drake offered. 
"His hair is already a bit different. How is he going to avoid the outline of his hair being dyed? What are we going to do, stalk him and then kidnap him when his hair changes color and try to dye the tips? That's not weird at all. Hey, Ivan. I know you might not know this yet, but you are in fact Ivan. Don't mind us while we kidnap you, saran wrap you to a chair just so we can dye your hair. It's just to keep you safe. I promise. Nothing weird here. Nothing to notice." 
"Saran wrap? Really? We can't even use duct tape?" I laughed. 
"You're being dramatic." Drake growled. 
"No, I'm trying to be somewhat realistic here. How are we going to keep Ivan safe? Oh and let's not forget when Ariya finally remembers who Ivan is, she's going to kill us if he dies because his stupid hair gave him away!" Caleb stressed. 
"Have you always been this stressed out?" I asked Caleb. 
"This is a stressful situation!" Caleb began pacing. 
I grabbed him and pulled him down to the ground, "You are going to give us away if you don't chill out." 
"He's right, Caleb. If you don't calm down someone is going to notice us and then what? We're going to have to hope we can catch Ivan another night. We'll have more problems to deal with if he remembers more. We need to get to him before it's too late. We need to lock his memories to protect him. Maybe by locking his memories his hair won't give him away." Drake said, trying to remind Caleb of what was important. 
"That's true. Maybe by locking his memories when others are around, his hair won't end up changing. His hair only changed after he shifted. If he's unable to shift into a wolf when Ariya is getting tortured, maybe his hair won't change either." I said. 
"I'm gonna beat him senseless if we end up getting caught because of his stupid hair." Caleb growled. 
Drake laughed, "One problem at a time Caleb." 
I laughed, "Besides, it's Ivan. He's smart. He'll know what to do if we can't figure it out." 
"It would be pretty funny though." Drake continued laughing. 
Caleb cocked his head to the side. I looked at Drake with my eyebrow raised. We were waiting for Drake to tell us what was so funny to him. 
"Could you imagine it? He meets Derek in the afterlife. Derek asks him how he ended up here and his answer would be 'Well you see, what had happened was that my hair changed color. Drake, Keo and Caleb kidnapped me. Saran wrapped me to a chair and tried to dye my hair. Then Boss put 2 and 2 together and yup. Just pop.'" 
I shifted uncomfortably, "You haven't mentioned Derek since that night." 
Drake's expression darkened, "Time to focus. Someone's coming." 
Caleb and I stiffened and looked at the door. As we waited to see who was going to come out I began to worry about Drake. Derek was the wolf that Drake had bonded to. He died the night of the fire. Trying to protect as many people as he could. I didn't know exactly what happened but after he died it seemed a part of Drake died too. Drake had been alive for probably close to 1000 years. I was pretty sure that Derek had been around since then too. It wasn't like they were a couple but having someone that was your best friend, basically like your brother die on you after that long, it had to hurt. Drake jumped into teaching me instead. Since I had turned, I was a pretty good distraction. 
Ivan came out of the building. I slipped into the shadows to follow him. Drake and Caleb would trail further behind me to make sure that I wasn't being followed. When it was time to use my energy manipulation and put the dome up they would run in before it closed around Ivan and I. We only had one shot at this. If we were wrong we would have to kidnap this guy and hope that they couldn't find us to get him back. Ariya didn't want us to kill someone without them first coming after us. I understood why and I agreed with it. Drake was the only one that seemed to hesitate. He thought that if we were wrong and we let someone like this guy go that we would regret it. 
"I know you're there." He snarled. 
###chapter Forty Six
*Keothi* 


"I know you're there." He snarled. 
I stepped out from the shadows, "How'd you guess?" 
"I can smell you. I can also smell your friends, they're about 2 blocks away?" 
"Did you remember that or has it always been that way?" I challenged him. 
"You're hoping that I remembered it, aren't you? Hoping that I'm someone else?" 
"Maybe just a little bit. How do you know that we're looking for someone?" 
"Boss informed all of us after Ariya was captured. You're the one that apparently let it slip that she didn't remember anything." 
I growled, "I was trying to protect her." 
"Your protection is probably what's going to get her tortured for the rest of her unnatural life." 
"Oh I hope you are him. You're going to regret saying that to me." 
"You better pray that you're right or you're going to be running for a long time. Then you'll never be able to save her." 
My eyes changed and my teeth pushed their way out, "Take that back." 
"Easy, Keo." Drake said, putting a hand on my shoulder. 
"What's your plan here? Try to kidnap me and make me remember who I am? Even though you have no idea if you're right." 
"Something like that." I grinned. 
I stomped my foot on the ground and a dome started to appear around us. I was really hoping we were right. That the guy in front of us really was Ivan. If we were wrong, I had a bad feeling we were going to have to kill him. We'd lost the element of surprise already. I wasn't completely sure how this was about to go. The most important thing was keeping him in the dome. As the dome started to form he ran, trying to get out of the dome. Too bad Caleb was faster. Caleb, already in wolf form, was ahead of him within seconds. He came to a halt and the dome closed. 
"Looks like you're not as fast as you think." I said. 
"Had to try. I can't make this too easy on you right?" He shrugged. 
"Guess you're right, but we're winning this battle no matter what. Ivan is the last person we were looking for." Drake growled, suddenly in front of him. 
"So you don't think I'm him then?" 
"I'm pretty sure you are." Drake said, grabbing him by the head. 
Drake went to work on checking to see if it was Ivan. When he didn't let go immediately I assumed we were right. 
"So it is Ivan then?" Caleb asked, his eyes still yellow. 
"I think so. If it wasn't I'm pretty sure Drake would have let go by now." 
"Now what?" Caleb looked at me. 
"Now we wait until Drake is done." 
"No one else is in the dome?" 
"No. I would have sensed it when I put it up. No one's here. I thought we would have someone that we'd have to fight but guess this guy did a good job of blending in." 
"Ivan. Ivan did a good job of blending in." Caleb corrected me. 
I sighed, "He's not Ivan. Not yet at least." 
"He is. He just doesn't remember yet." 
"I think he does remember." Drake cut in. 
I looked at him confused. 
"He started remembering. I think he's been questioning if he was Ivan since Ariya was taken. Maybe even longer than that." 
"That's not possible." 
"He wouldn't have been actually questioning it. He would have just been lost. This whole time he might have been lost. Unsure of what was going on. But I think he does remember. He's just coming to terms about it." 
"Why hasn't he shifted yet?" 
"That part I don't think he remembers yet. I don't think it will be long now though." Drake answered. 
"So should I go get the dye and the saran wrap?" Caleb groaned. 
I laughed, "Do you honestly think saran wrap is gonna hold this guy?" 
"Not really, no. But we could try it on you. He's a bit beefy but it's not that crazy. Your strength should match his. The important part of the saran wrap is that it will keep the dye off of his skin and clothes. Think about it. Duct tape I can't put around his neck. But I can pop a hole in saran wrap to put over his head." 
Drake laughed, "Caleb, none of us know how to dye someone's hair. We'd probably mess it up and then he'd really get caught." 
"We're really going to let him go back?" I asked. 
"Do you want to leave Ariya alone in there?" Drake asked. 
I went pale, "Absolutely not. I want to get her out of there now." 
"It's not part of the plan. She's calling the shots right now." Drake chided me. 
"Whatever. Her plan sucks. This is stupid." I growled. 
Caleb laughed, "Drake said the same thing." 
"Ari" Ivan breathed. 
We all jumped. He was unconscious after Drake locked his memories. It was a harsh lock for him. To restrict his wolf side when other people were around. I didn't think he'd wake up so quickly. 
"We need to go. We can't be here when he wakes up." Drake said. 
"Is he going to remember our scent?" I asked. 
"Probably, but he won't be able to remember why at first. He's probably going to remember enough to shift within a week. We'll need to keep an eye on him. From a distance until Ariya remembers and is able to talk to him. If we approach him like we did he's sure to catch on again." 
"I didn't realize your guys' noses were so sensitive." I said, looking at Caleb. 
"They're sensitive but they're not THAT sensitive. I don't know why he was able to smell us so easily." Caleb said. 
We turned and took our leave. We needed to get away before Ivan woke up. When we got back to the safe house I tried to talk to Ariya. 
*All good, Ari.* I pushed but it didn't go through. 
"What's wrong?" Drake asked, immediately sensing something was wrong. 
"I can't reach her." 
###chapter Forty Seven
*Ariya* 


*I stood there in front of the man I ran into. I was frozen in place. The fear hugged me so I couldn't feel anything else. I stared up at the man in front of me. I didn't recognize him. He wasn't a part of our clan. 
"Well, well, well. What do we have here?" 
My eyes went wide. This was it. This was when I was going to die. I just watched my Mom burn alive. I've watched all the people in our clan running away, screaming. On fire and still running. My mind went to Ivan. He was trying to fight back and get to me when I was taken. I wanted to scream. I wanted to fight. I wanted to run. I wanted to kill everyone that went after us. But I couldn't move. My feet felt like they were cemented to the ground. My body felt like it weighed a thousand pounds. 
"Don't worry, little one. I'll make sure to make this hurt." The man in front of me grinned wickedly. 
The man drew a sword from his side and raised it above his head. I stared at him, frozen in place. This was it. 
"ARI!" I heard a voice scream. 
As the man brought the blade down I saw a white flash for a split second and was shoved back to the ground. Keo stood over me, protecting me, facing the man that invaded our little village. Everything was suddenly in slow motion. The sword was coming down. The fear that gripped me no longer held me frozen in place. I reached out to Keo grabbing his shirt. I tugged at it as the sword sliced through his left eye. I heard a growl as a wolf jumped at the man with the sword, shoving him backward. Ivan! The blade came back up as the man stumbled backward and nicked Keo on the way up. Keo fell back and Ivan charged for us immediately. I put Keo's arm over my shoulder as Ivan dove under me. He picked us both up and ran. 
"Hang on, Keo!" I shouted, readjusting us on Ivan's back.
Keo was screaming in pain. His left eye was shut. I wasn't sure if he would be able to see out of it again. I ripped the bottom of my shirt to try to wrap Keo's eye. We heard a howl in the distance. Caleb. 
"Ivan, we need to get to Caleb and find Drake." 
Ivan took off in the direction of the howl. He howled back to let them know we were coming. As Ivan continued running forward, another wolf showed up in front of us a little bit ahead. Ivan slowed down as we came up to the wolf. It was Derek. Derek's wolf was a darker gray color but his eyes were similar to Caleb's since they were more of a yellow color. Derek shifted back. 
"What happened?" Derek asked, worried. 
I hopped off of Ivan's back and as I went to help Derek pull Keo down a Shadow popped up from the ground and lunged at Derek. The Shadow impaled Derek in the rib cage. Derek grabbed the blade in him and wrapped his other hand around the Shadow's throat. More Shadows appeared, surrounding us. 2 of them picked Keo up off of Ivan's back at the same time as 1 of them grabbed me trying to take me away. Ivan growled trying to fight back and protect us all but it was too late. There were too many of them. The man that I had run into was walking up to us. The fear took hold of me again. Derek managed to kill the Shadow that had impaled him but he fell to the ground. The Shadow had wounded Derek more. 
"Ivan!" I shouted. 
The Shadow was dragging me to the alley near us. The man that had hurt Keo already had his sword drawn. The Shadows that had held Keo held him in place upright. Fear wrapped its hands around my heart. I couldn't take my eyes off of Keo. I knew so much more was happening around me but I couldn't watch anything else. The man plunged his sword deep into Keo's chest and twisted the blade. I screamed. The fear squeezed my heart, shattering it to pieces. Ivan lunged at the man, clamping his jaws down on the hand that held the sword in Keo's chest. The man gasped as he let go of the sword. He turned and punched Ivan in the snout and Ivan released the man. 
Derek used the last of his strength and killed one of the Shadows that held Keo. Ivan had the other one by the throat. 
"Get that one to the compound. We're leaving here now." The man said. 
 The Shadow that had me tugged me down toward the alley. My heart was broken into pieces. I was frozen once again. I heard a sharp yelp from Ivan and snapped out of it. Regaining my senses. My eyes narrowed as I realized I wasn't going to just be taken without a fight. I wasn't going to let everyone that I loved die trying to protect me without fighting back. I wouldn't let their deaths be in vain. I felt the anger rise inside of me. They came to OUR village. We didn't do anything wrong. We just existed. We existed and they wanted to end that existence. They burned my Mom. They killed my brother. They killed Derek. They killed Ivan. One by one I was losing everyone that I loved. I watched them die. The anger boiled inside of me and my body began shaking. Everything inside of me was on fire. I felt like I was going to explode with rage. 
I needed to let the rage out. I felt like if I didn't let it out I was going to die. My heart felt like it was going to explode. My eyes burned. My body was shaking. I turned toward the Shadow that pulled me away from them all. The Shadow looked down at me and I released all of my anger at them. Everything inside of me I let out. I shut my eyes as I imagined everyone that invaded our village dying. I thought of the Shadow and how a spike would impale them. I thought of how the people of our village would be protected and healed of the wounds they had if they were still alive. That everyone else that had come in unwelcome would have a horrendous death. The fire would be smothered out. 
When I opened my eyes, I gasped. The Shadow in front of me had been impaled. I turned to go to Keo, Ivan, and Derek. I felt drained. My strength and anger was gone. Sorrow taking its place. As I came out of the alley a man had Keo across his lap. He was holding the blade in Keo's chest. 
"Keo." I breathed and fell to the ground. 
The darkness enveloping me. I felt the rain come down. Like the sky was crying for me. 
"Ari! Come back to me!" I heard a voice shout as it lifted me up. *
- 
"Ariya! Wake up!" I heard a voice. 
The voice was so familiar but I couldn't place it. 
"Ariya! Please! Come back to me!" 
I slowly opened my eyes. Justin was on the ground shaking me awake. Concern filled his eyes. 
"Ariya, you're back. Are you ok? What happened?" Justin asked me. 
"I remembered everything from that night." I whispered, my heart breaking. 
"Talk to me. What happened?" Justin asked, helping me sit up. 
I ran through what happened. With Ivan, Derek and Keo. 
"Boss was there but he took off. After everything happened I passed out. I think it was just from the stress, but I don't know." 
"There's more to it, Ariya." Justin whispered, "You're still missing some of what happened that night." 
"You were there that night, weren't you?" I said, hot fresh tears burned my eyes, threatening to spill over. I remembered the guy that was holding Keo before I passed out. He held the blade in Keo's chest. I glared at Justin. 
"Ariya.." 
"Tell me! Were you there?!" I shouted at him. My heart was breaking as I anticipated his answer.
"Yes." Justin whispered. 
My heart shattered, "You let everyone that I loved die! You! You were there! You helped to kill my family! You were part of the reason I was left alone! Then you made me fall for you?! After knowing what I was! After knowing what I've been through! How could you do that?!" 
"Ariya! Stop! Listen to me! I didn't let anyone die! I didn't help kill your family!" Justin shouted back at me, his eyes glowing blue. 
Realization hit me. 
I gasped, "Ivan." 
###chapter Forty Eight
*Ariya* 


My eyes grew wide. The tears that threatened to fall now fell freely. I wasn't sure if I was happy, angry or sad. 
"It's me, princess." Ivan said, kissing my forehead. 
I threw my arms around him and cried. Ivan wrapped his arms around me. I instantly felt safe. Even with where we were, I felt like nothing was going to touch us. I buried my head in Ivan's chest. We stayed like that for a bit. Ivan letting me get my inside emotions outside. I felt such relief. I didn't remember the rest of that night but I thought Ivan had died. The guy that held Keo was actually Ivan though. Not Justin. Ivan had been fine this whole time. Keo had been fine this whole time. My Mom was apparently alive but we didn't know where. 
I shoved at Ivan's chest, "Wait, how long have you known?" 
Ivan laughed but didn't let me go, "Not that long. I only really figured it out last night. Though I vaguely remember something happening last night too." 
I wriggled in his grasp, trying to look at him, "Is it really you though?" 
"Please stop moving, I don't want to let you go. I will if you want me to though." 
"I just want to see your face." I whispered. 
Ivan laughed, "Haven't you been seeing my face for years now?" 
I blushed, "Your real faceyou look a little different." 
Ivan let me go but put one hand on my cheek, cradling my face with his hand. Ivan flashed his wolf eyes at me. They were the most magnificent blue. It was a blue that had what looked like white and gray in it. I used to get lost looking in his wolf eyes after he shifted. 
"Is it really you, Ivan?" I asked. 
Ivan looked down, "Mostly. I still don't remember everything, but I know who I am. I know who you are. I remember everyone. But I don't remember everything that happened. The memories when I was Justin are still there. Seems like I loved you even when I didn't know who I was." 
I blushed, "Loved me?" 
Ivan Laughed, "Yes, Ari. I've always loved you and I always will." 
"You never said anything." 
"I did, you just don't remember yet. You will though. Pretty soon, I'm sure." 
"We both still have a lot to remember, don't we?" 
"I think so. But I don't think we're too far off from what we know." 
"Hopefully we have some happier memories." I grumbled. 
Ivan pulled me back into his arms, "I think so. Not everything was bad before. It was mostly that night. Drake had to lock a lot though. He did it to protect us. You know that." 
"I do, but it doesn't mean I like it." 
Ivan let me go, "What was last night about?" 
I looked at him confused, "What do you mean?" 
"Drake, Keo, and Caleb showed up and did something. I remembered more after that, but I barely remember what happened. I remember seeing them. I remember hearing something about saran wrap. That's it. I also got some memories back, but I don't think that was related." 
"Saran wrap?" I asked, raising my eyebrow. 
"You don't remember anything? They never reached out?" Ivan asked. 
Something clicked in my mind and I got a piece of the puzzle back, "It's because you're only mostly back. You don't remember everything yet. I think because a part of you is still Justin I can't remember. I'm not sure about that though. I'm sorry." 
Ivan lifted my head to look at him, "Don't be sorry about anything, Ari. I'm here. I'll remember everything soon enough and we can fill in everything together. I'm not going anywhere now." 
I looked into Ivan's eyes, trying to read them. 
"What's wrong?" Ivan asked me. 
"I don't get it. I know you're Ivan now. But I keep thinking about when you were Justin. I started to fall for you as Justin. But I also felt safe at times in your arms. But it felt like there was a wall up." 
"There was. As Justin I believed what Drake had put in my head and the thoughts of everyone that surrounded me. You are influenced by your surroundings. So if you're surrounded by people that think about creating a better world, you will also think more in that manner. But if you're surrounded by people that only think about how they're victimized then that thought process will also influence you. It's not to say that you will only be able to think that way. There are outliers. Being surrounded by people who thought the Navi were monsters affected me. So when I didn't remember who I was and was around them, naturally Justin thought the same. But because I had such strong feelings about you before we were separated it made things confusing. You were technically my only trainee as Justin and as Justin I developed feelings about you. When you turned it made those feelings difficult to understand. So there was a wall up." 
"This is going to get confusing." I said. 
Ivan laughed, "Yeah probably." 
"How are we going to keep things straight?" 
"I'm not totally sure. We're going to have to figure that out. Maybe Drake, Keo, and Caleb can help us." 
"I don't even know if I can talk to them." 
"I'm sure you can and I'm sure you have. They wouldn't leave you like this. Actually thinking about it, Keo wouldn't have left you at all. How did you manage that one?" 
I laughed, "I didn't really give a choice. He hadn't fed, I had. So I hugged him, told him he didn't have a choice this time, and then I might have just shoved him out the door." 
Ivan's eyes grew wide, "You're going to pay for that later, you know that right?" 
"It's ok, you'll protect me." I grinned at him. 
Ivan's eyes flashed blue, "Always." 
My stomach growled, ruining the moment. 
Ivan laughed, "I'll go get some food and come back." 
"Wait! Don't leave me!" The panic setting in. 
Ivan took my face in his hands, "I am never going to leave you, Ari. I'm yours. But you need food too and you can't just come with me." 
"I know but what are you going to tell Boss? He's going to want to know when I get a new memory." 
Ivan cursed, "It's the only way to keep them from torturing you too." 
"Just tell him. Tell him I got a new memory." 
"He'll come in here though." Ivan growled, his eyes turned blue and his body began shivering. 
"Shhh. Ivan, breathe. You can't shift here. You promised me you wouldn't leave me and if you shift they'll kill you and then you will leave me." I said, the tears spilling down my face. 
Ivan wiped the tears from my eyes, seeming to calm down instantly, "I'm not going to leave you, Ari. I promise you, I'll always come back to you."
"Tell Boss that I got a memory back. He'll come in, I will tell him what I remembered and then he'll leave. I can act angry if I need to." 
"Ari, if he touches you, I'll end up shifting on the spot." Ivan warned. 
"You won't." Part of the puzzle clicked in my head, "You won't remember you're Ivan as soon as you leave." 
"Excuse me?" Ivan growled. 

###chapter Forty Nine
*Ariya*


"I think that might be what they did. To protect you. I don't fully remember but I think that's what happened that night." I explained. 
Ivan was still tense, "How am I supposed to protect you, Ari?"
I flinched, "It's not about protecting me. It's about protecting you. Until we remember everything. Until we know everything. It's about protecting you. Then we'll get out of here." 
Ivan growled, "I don't like this. I don't want to forget." 
"You won't have a choice." I whispered, looking down. 
Ivan caressed my face in his hands, "Then I'm not going to wait." 
"What?"
Ivan's eyes changed to his wolf's blue as he brought my face to his. My body melted as his lips pressed against mine. My eyes fluttered closed and my legs buckled underneath me. I kissed him back trying to give him all the love I felt toward him. 
Ivan pulled away and looked deep into my eyes, "Sorry, I just didn't want to miss my chance while I'm myself." 
"Iuh" My head was swimming and I couldn't form any words. 
Ivan suddenly grew concerned, "I'm sorry. I should have waited." 
"No! Never wait. I just wasn't expecting you to do that." I said, blushing. 
Relief crossed Ivan's face, "I want to talk to you about this. About everything. I've missed you, princess." 
"Princess?" 
Ivan laughed, "You'll remember soon enough." 
"So you're not mad?" I asked, worried. 
Ivan pulled me to him, wrapping his arms around me, "I understand. I don't like it. But I understand." 
I breathed a sigh of relief, "Ok, good." 
"Ari, please don't let me kiss you as Justin." 
I looked up at him, "You won't. At least I don't think you will be able to. When you were Justin you only ever kissed the top of my head and that was only recently. But as Justin you won't do anything if anyone is around. But if that's true, you should remember who you are at that moment." 
"Yeah this isn't confusing at all." 
"You're not the one that's going to struggle with the what's what right now." I said, rolling my eyes. 
Ivan laughed, "How about this, I will show you my wolf eyes to let you know it's me." 
My eyes lit up and I snuggled into Ivan's chest, "I love that idea." 
Ivan rested his head on top of mine and hugged me tighter. My stomach growled again. 
Ivan laughed, "Boss first, then I'll get food." 
"One more, before you go?" I asked, looking up at him. 
"Anything for you." Ivan said, his eyes changed to blue as he leaned down pressing his lips against mine. My body melted into his as I kissed him back. I wasn't going to get enough of this anytime soon. 
Ivan left to go let Boss know I had gotten another memory. I grew worried about not knowing everything when Ivan was in front of me. I decided while I had a few minutes I could try to reach Keo. 
*Keo.* I pushed the thought to him. 
*Ari, thank goodness. I was worried about you! I couldn't let you know that everything went well last night. What happened?* Keo asked, concerned. 
*I had another memory. We don't have much time, Justin will be back soon.* I warned him. 
Keo growled in response. 
*Why are you growling, Keo? You know that Justin is Ivan now right?* I laughed. 
*You know?* Keo asked, surprised. 
*Yeah. I got more of my memory back and Justin was in front of me and shortly after that I found out that Justin was actually Ivan. So why are you growling every time I mention Justin when Justin is Ivan and Ivan is who you said I was supposed to be with?* 
Keo laughed, *Aren't we short on time?* 
*Don't dodge the question Keo!* I growled. 
*Because Justin didn't know he was Ivan and Ivan is who you are supposed to be with. If you're with Justin then you're basically with the enemy.* Keo laughed. 
*But Justin is Ivan.* I said, matter of factly. 
*Kind of. Ask Ivan if he feels that way, then growl at me.* 
*That's what I wanted to talk to you about. I need Drake to fix the lock he put on our conversations. We can't figure out what we're missing until we know everything but we can't know everything until we figure out what we're missing.* 
*How do you propose he fixes it?* Keo asked. 
*Have it to where Ivan shows me his wolf eyes and I'll remember our conversations. If I don't see that and he's in front of me then I need to forget who Ivan is. I also need the memory that Ivan is Ivan to be hidden too. If Boss thinks I'm lying then Ivan is still going to be in trouble whether he remembers or not.* 
Keo cursed, *The serum, I forgot about it.* 
*Yeah, we need to figure all of that stuff out but we can't if I can't even remember that I can talk to you guys unless no one is here. Ivan needs to be filled in a bit. It can be protected with his memories that he is Ivan. But we need to hurry. Boss will be here any minute. But I also need to keep the memory of what happened that night.* 
Keo cursed again, *Drake will create a link in a second.* 
Keo severed the link and I felt Drake immediately. 
*I'm going to hide Ivan first. That's the most important. Then I will work on the lock I made for you to be able to talk to Ivan and remember our conversations.* Drake said. 
*Ok, just hurry. I don't know how long we have.* 
Drake went silent but I knew he was working as fast as he could to create locks and fix the other lock. I heard footsteps coming. 
*They're coming. I have to go.* I said, the panic started to rise. 
*It's ok, Ariya. I'm done. We'll talk soon* Drake said severing the connection. 
My mind went blank as I felt the memories starting to disappear. As the door opened up I saw Boss and Justin walk in. 
"What's this I hear about new memories?" Boss asked, practically jumping in excitement. 
I growled at him. 
###chapter Fifty
*Ariya* 


I wanted to tear Boss's throat out as I thought back to what I saw. 
Boss raised an eyebrow, "Is that really how you want to play this, Ariya?" 
I looked down at the ground. I still hated Boss but I remembered my promise to Justin. I promised not to anger Boss further. I wasn't chained to the table anymore and Boss was giving me some type of freedom. If I didn't push it maybe he would be nice again. I wanted to be free from here but I knew it wasn't the plan. I knew there was more to this and that I needed to stay and get all of my memories back. I just wasn't expecting all of my memories to hurt so bad. 
"She's been angry since she woke up. I'm guessing something else happened." Justin offered. 
Boss crouched down near me, "Last time you woke up after you ran into me. Did your memory pick up where it left off?" 
"Yes." 
"Where did it end this time?" Boss asked me. 
"When I passed out. It was after you killed Keo." I said. 
"Your anger doesn't make sense then, Ariya. You know that Keothi is alive." Boss reminded me. 
I looked up at him, my eyes wide, "You're right. I know Keo is aliveI don't" 
My mind was mixed up. I couldn't unjumble everything. I knew Boss was right. I saw my Mom get burned alive but Boss told me she was alive. I watched Keo die in my memory, but he was also alive. So why was I so angry? 
"Work the problem out loud, Ariya." Boss told me. 
"Mom is alive. That's what you told me. Keo is alive. I saw him. You had him here before. I don'tI don't understand. What's happening to me?" I whispered. 
"It's the lock that Drake put on you. He blocked your memories so as you get them back the emotion you felt during it comes back as well. You need to remind yourself of what is real, Ariya. Before you start acting out of emotion, you need to take stock of what you know to be true at this moment." Boss explained. 
"Why? Why are you helping me?" I looked at him, confused. 
It didn't make sense. I was his enemy. He tried to kill me when I was little. He believed that we were monsters. Why was he being so nice to me? Why was he helping me? Why didn't he just jump straight to torturing me? Why didn't he just jump straight to getting the information he wanted out of me? Why would he bother to help me get through this? To get through my memories and get through the pain that I felt? I didn't understand. 
"I can be cruel if you'd rather that." Boss shrugged. 
My stomach churned, "No, thank you." 
Boss laughed, "Ariya, you used to be one of my right hands. You used to be someone I could count on. Let's just say, I understand why you hid your true ability from me. As I have said before, as long as you continue to behave and tell me what I want to know, you can be rewarded. As long as you are useful and helpful to me I will help you when I can. We are trying to have a battle of the masterminds right? What fun would it be if you just acted on emotion constantly. I wouldn't even have to try to beat you. You would beat yourself." 
"What does that mean?" 
"When someone acts out of emotion they are destined to make things worse. If you look at what is going on, take it in, feel what you feel but hold off on acting, you're more likely to make it further. When you take a step back from the emotion you are able to rationalize a realistic path. When you act out of emotion you are blind to the other paths that surround you. For instance, if you run after someone who took something from you that you desperately want, you will only focus on the person as they run away from you. Instead there could be a shortcut. A path off to the side that will get you what you want in a shorter amount of time. But you have to be willing to look at everything and think rationally. You have to be able to take the emotion out. If you can't do that, you are destined to make things worse for you in the long run." 
"That's why you had us leave after we heard Drake was still alive." I suddenly understood. 
"Exactly. By stepping back for a minute it allowed me to see a bigger picture. You may think you're steps ahead of me, Ariya, but I can assure you, you're not as far ahead as you think you are. In fact, I might even be a few steps ahead of you. Or I might just be breathing down your neck." 
Boss's words sent a shiver down my spine. Boss was extremely smart. There's a reason that after the incident happened that night that he took over and has been in charge ever since. He could be onto us about everything but I couldn't be sure since I could barely remember what was going on anymore. But Boss was helping me. I don't know why but he was. By telling me to take a step back and look at the big picture, to control my emotions, there was something else there. I spent the night with Caleb after I found out that Boss was the one behind the attack. We spent the entire night coming up with every possible contingency that we could. But now, we have Keo and Drake. We didn't need to figure everything out alone. Boss may know me, but I knew Boss. There was a reason Drake was able to stay ahead of him all this time. I needed to remember that I wasn't alone. 
"So tell me what happened in your memory this time, Ariya." Boss grinned. 
"You tried to kill me, Keo got in the way, you hurt him, Ivan showed up and got us out of there. We were heading to Caleb and Drake. We ran into Derek instead. Then the Shadows appeared. Everything was in chaos. You killed Keo. I was dragged away. Something happened and I got away. Then I saw Keo with one of your people and then I passed out." I told him. 
"Back up. The wolf that attacked me, that was Ivan?" 
"Yes." I gulped, unsure of where he was going to go with this. 
"Did you see Ivan when he wasn't a wolf?" Boss asked me. 
"No. Not that I know of yet. I don't remember seeing him when he was a human yet. If I have, I didn't register that it was him." I said. 
"What did his wolf look like?" Boss asked. 
"Black fur, white tips throughout, and blue eyes." I told him. 
"Who was Derek?" Boss asked, moving on. 
"Derek was a wolf. I don't remember anything else about that yet." 
"What was this something that happened before you got away?" Boss asked me. 
"That's really hard to explain. I just remember being so angry and hurt because everyone I loved died. At least I believed they had. I lost control and I closed my eyes. I imagined the Shadow that had me dying. I imagined everyone that invaded dying and all of our people being healed. I imagined the flames being smothered out. When I opened my eyes the Shadow was dead. I went back to Keo and I passed out shortly after he was in view." 
"Interesting." Boss said, his hand in a fist over his mouth as he was deep in thought. 
"What is?" 
"All the Shadows I brought that night died. Most of them died in the same way. I thought it was Drake sending me a message. But when the Shadows I sent after them didn't turn out that way, I assumed it was a fluke. Turns out it was you." 
I blinked, "How is that possible? Boss I was 9 years old. I didn't activate my ability by then." 
"That's why it's interesting, Ariya." Boss laughed, "I think you did though. I just don't think you realized you did. I think that was the night you activated your energy manipulation ability and I think that's how all the Shadows died that night. You had a clear image of one and you wanted all the enemy to die that night. The only thing was that you didn't know what everyone looked like. So some of us got away. The flames went out shortly after and I assumed it was because the rain started. But that might have also been your doing." 
"But how?" I breathed. 
"Emotion is a very powerful thing. If used in the right way, it can amplify things." 
"Didn't you just say that emotion was basically a crutch?" 
Boss grinned wickedly, "Did I?" 
"Guess you're not being as helpful as I thought?" I growled. 
Boss laughed as he got up to leave, "I'm not going to give you an easy win, Ariya. Come on. I'm not that stupid." 

###chapter Fifty One
*Ariya*


"Every time he leaves, I feel more confused than I was when he came in." I grumbled. 
Ivan flashed his wolf eyes as he walked up to me laughing. I immediately felt relief and grinned at him. He stood in front of me for a minute, waiting. He was making sure that Boss was gone and wasn't coming back. No one walked down to this area. I was basically in my own little world, the only ones allowed in here were Boss and Justin/Ivan. 
We waited a few more minutes before Ivan closed the gap between us, wrapping his arms around me. He breathed in my scent as I snuggled my head into his chest. 
"It's kinda scary how fast the memory disappears and then comes back." Ivan said. 
"Imagine how I feel. At least you don't remember who you are, I don't remember you but I know that I'm missing information. I'm at least aware of that." I laughed. 
"I'm sorry, Ari. Can't we just get out of here?" Ivan asked me. 
"Not yet. I need to get all my memories back, so do you. Besides, I think I can learn a lot while we're here. It's not like Boss is being completely awful to me either." 
"I still don't like it. I hate that you're in chains right now and I know you have got to be hungry." 
I stiffened in his arms. I hadn't thought about my hunger. So much was happening that I hadn't had time to think about it. But now that Ivan mentioned it, I felt it. The hunger clawing up my throat. My breathing quickened and I pulled away from Ivan. I didn't want to hurt him. 
Ivan cursed, "Sorry, Ari. I didn't mean to." 
I brought my hands to my head as I resisted my hunger. I growled as I was fighting a losing battle. I felt my eyes change and my canines form into fangs. I looked at Ivan as I was losing control. 
Ivan held his hands up but walked closer to me, "Just breathe, Ari. You will feed from me, but it's probably best if you don't right now." 
That was enough to make me pause. Ivan closed the gap and held my face in his hands. His eyes changed to their blue. The blue that I got lost in. 
"Come back to me." Ivan whispered as he leaned down and kissed me softly. 
My heart fluttered as I regained control. My fangs and eyes went back to normal as I wrapped my arms around Ivan's waist. 
Ivan smiled down at me, "Good now?" 
I breathed in his scent, "How did you do that?" 
Ivan laughed, "Do what? I didn't do anything but tell you the truth." 
I blinked, "You didn't flinch like you usually do though."
Ivan growled, "I'm not Justin, Ariya. I'm not a coward. I'm not scared of you and I never have been. Justin only existed to get information and because as Justin, I didn't have any memories, I became a product of my environment." 
I flinched, "I'm sorry." 
Ivan's expression softened immediately, "I'm not mad at you, Ari. I'm sorry. I'm just angry about the way I treated you as Justin. You deserved better." 
I grabbed Ivan's face and looked him in the eyes, "I have better. You said it yourself. YOU are NOT Justin." 
Ivan grabbed me by the face and kissed me passionately, "We may not have all of our memories yet, but I love you Ari. I've always loved you. I will always love you. I will never be afraid of you and I will always be here by your side." 
I kissed Ivan back passionately. I felt my legs buckle under me as I pressed against him. Ivan parted my lips and began exploring my mouth with his tongue. His arms wrapped tightly around me. A soft growl escaped from me and I heard Ivan growl softly in response. I broke from his kiss and began trailing kisses across his jaw and down to his neck. I scraped my teeth against his neck. 
"Easy, princess." Ivan breathed, "I need to shift again first." 
Hearing Ivan tell me that snapped me back to reality. 
"I'm sorry." I said, trying to catch my breath. 
Ivan laughed softly, "Don't you dare apologize for that. My body just needs to remember it's a wolf again first." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Caleb, Derek and I. We are all original Navi wolves. We're the only ones that are able to feed you guys without dying. I haven't shifted in 14 years. I need to shift again before we have you feed on me. It needs to happen soon though. I can feel my wolf getting restless and trying to claw its way out." 
I looked at Ivan concerned, "Ivan, you know that Derek is" 
"I know. I'm pretty sure Derek is dead. But who knows, maybe he's alive too. We're all extremely hard to kill, remember." Ivan winked at me. 
I laughed as I nestled my head into his chest again. I felt safest when my head was on his chest. I could easily breathe his scent in and it was just about the perfect height for me. Ivan was taller than me and he was built up too. Not in a super slender sleeper mode build. But also not in a body builder mode either. Ivan was strong and just by looking at him you could tell he was strong. But he was also fast too. 
"Why haven't you shifted yet?" I asked him. 
"I'm a little worried about it. The first time I ever shifted I couldn't shift back automatically. If that happens again suspicions will arise." 
"What should we do?" I asked him, concerned. 
"We might just have to risk it. But at the right time. We have a lot we gotta figure out, Ari." 
"At least we don't have to figure it out alone." I grinned. 
Ivan cocked his head at me, "Oh yeah?" 
"Drake fixed the lock, we can talk to them as long as it's just us." 
"Well we better get to it soon then. We should be alone for the rest of the day. So we should have a lot of time." Ivan grinned at me. 
My stomach growled in annoyance at being ignored for so long. Ivan and I laughed together. 
"How about I go get food first and then we can get to work?" 
"Yes please." I laughed. 
Justin kissed me and then went to go grab food. He told me his address so I could tell Keo so they could scope the area out and try to meet up tonight. Ivan told me he would be back in about 20 minutes. As soon as he left I started counting. I was worried every time he left. 

###chapter Fifty Two
*Ariya* 


While Justin went to go get food I decided to reach out to Keo. 
*Keo?* I sent the link to him. 
*Hey, Ari. Everything ok over there?* He asked me. 
*Yeah. Boss came in since we have to let him know when I have a memory. I feel like I get more confused each time he leaves the room.* 
*What happened?* 
I ran through the conversation with Boss. 
*I wonder why he's helping you so much.* 
*Me too. But that doesn't mean I'm not going to take some of his advice. If we all work together we might be able to come up with what to do next and stay ahead of him.* 
*True. Now that we have Ivan, we'll have more information on him too.* 
*Speaking of, what's this about saran wrap?* 
Keo couldn't stop laughing, *Oh you have to tell him about this!* 
Keo explained what happened the night that they grabbed him. Ivan had freaked them out but they were still able to successfully do what needed to be done. 
I laughed, *Caleb was really worried about his hair, huh?* 
*He's not wrong though, Ari. We gotta figure something out. As soon as he shifts, if his hair changes color it's going to cause a lot of problems. We don't need you in there alone. I don't think he'd let you be there alone but I'm pretty sure we won't be able to dye his hair correctly either.* 
*I'll talk to him about it. Speaking of shifting, he needs to shift soon. He almost shifted earlier.* 
*Whoa. He can't shift there. If he doesn't shift back that will cause more problems also.*
*I know. I feel like every time we turn around a corner we're hit with more problems. What are we going to do?* I asked Keo. 
*You guys try to come up with solutions. We will too. Don't forget there's 5 of us. I'm sure between all of us we can come up with solutions. You both need to get all of your memories back so work what you can. We can talk about it more later tonight or tomorrow.* 
*You guys need to try to get to him. Maybe you can help him when he shifts again.* 
*We can try. We'll look at the address you told me earlier. But Ari, if it's being watched he might be on his own for a bit.* 
*Yeah but you guys were able to lock his memories. You won't be able to help him?* I asked, worried. 
*We were only able to do that because it only took 5 minutes. Him being delayed 5 minutes one time isn't going to raise too many suspicions. If he disappears again, even if it's only 5 minutes, that might start to cause doubt. We need to be as sneaky as possible.* 
I sighed, *You're right. I'm worried about him though.* 
*Now do you understand why I hated Justin?* 
I laughed, *Not completely, but yes. I'm sure the more I remember, the more I will understand.* 
*You will. It will become clearer as time goes on. Just be patient. Ivan knows who he is. You should be getting a new memory daily.* Keo reassured me. 
*I know that's supposed to be reassuring, Keo. But getting a new memory each day will mean meeting with Boss daily too. I have to be completely honest with him. If I'm not then he's going to know.* 
*You said he hasn't used the serum anytime that Ivan was in the room right?* 
*True, but my gut tells me there's more to it. I don't want to risk not being honest. But I don't like giving him information.* 
*I get it, Ari. But you're not telling him anything that could harm us. You're only telling him information that a kid would know. We were kids at that time. Him understanding how the energy manipulation works is like us understanding how a Switch works. Him knowing that Justin is actually Ivan is something that could hurt Ivan. We're locking that stuff as it comes up. Ivan should always be in the room when you get your memory back. Boss isn't coming in unless you already have a memory. So we should have time to lock anything we need to before he gets to you. Drake is getting quicker about it too.* 
*True. I still don't like it though. We need to be learning more about them.* I grumbled. 
*We will. Him giving you advice tells you things too. Try seeing everything that happens. Don't dwell on what you're telling him. Focus on his reactions to what you tell him. Focus on the responses he gives. He's giving you more than you might think.* 
*If I do that he'll notice, Keo.* 
*Good thing you're not alone then.* Keo laughed. 
*Yeah but Ivan doesn't remember our conversations when he's Justin. How is he going to help?* 
*Drake might be able to do something about that. He has to remember a little bit otherwise he wouldn't be able to tell Boss when you remember something. Or remember what food to bring back. He just doesn't remember anything important.* 
*Keo, you're a genius!* 
*Shhhh don't go telling everyone that. I don't need people knowing that.* Keo laughed. 
*Ivan should be back soon. I'll reach out after we've schemed.* 
*Sounds good, we'll work on stuff on our side as well.* Keo said then severed the link. 
Drake pushed right after so he could create the lock. 
*We need to figure out how to let you do it with the link Keo makes.* I laughed. 
*In due time, kiddo.* Drake laughed. 
When Ivan came back I breathed a sigh of relief. Ivan flashed his wolf eyes at me letting me know it was him. I held my arms out to him, desperate to be in his arms. He came over to me quickly, scooping me up and sitting down at the same time so the chains didn't pull at my joints. I buried my head in his chest breathing his scent in. Ivan breathed in my scent as well. I relaxed more in his arms. Ivan kissed me softly. 
"You need to eat or your stomach might start waking up the demons in hell." 
I giggled as I moved out of his lap. We ate rather quickly since there were a lot of things we needed to cover. 
"So I'm confused, how were you able to be a tracker?" I asked. 
Ivan laughed, "I really can't wait to find out who came up with that. To answer your question, even though my wolf side was repressed to where I couldn't shift, I still had access to the rest of my abilities. In other words, my sense of smell and hearing. Trackers only need to be able to track whatever it is that they're looking for. Which means they typically have a heightened sense of smell. They can't tell the difference in abilities but they can catch a scent of a person. Most trackers can't track as well as we can though." 
"So you cheated to get to the top." 
Ivan laughed, "Something like that." 
I laughed, "It's a good thing you did though. Otherwise I'd probably be in here alone with someone else." 
Ivan growled, "Yeah, I guess I did something right as Justin." 

###chapter Fifty Three
*Ariya* 


I was starting to worry about Ivan. He was so angry about how he was as Justin that I think he forgot that he was trying to survive. I didn't blame him for anything but I worried that if he didn't come to accept that he was Justin that he would break. I couldn't bear to see that happen to him. 
I took his face in my hands, "Ivan. I need you to understand that when you were Justin you were trying to survive. I don't blame you for anything. You weren't cruel to me either. If anything you helped me, even when you were Justin." 
Ivan sighed, "You're going to have to remind me of that. But we need our memories back first before I'll be willing to fully accept it." 
"Ivanwe might not be able to wait until your memories fully come back." 
Ivan sighed again, "Then let's get it over with. But I need you in my arms." 
I smiled at him and climbed into his lap. I nestled my head into his chest. I felt like I could sleep right now, but we had things to cover. Ivan wrapped his arms around me and rested his head on top of mine. 
"Are you going to play devil's advocate then?" Ivan asked. 
"I can if that's what you need." I told him. 
Ivan nodded, "Let's start with your training." 
I laughed, "That's easy, Ivan. You were teaching me. I had to learn in a realistic way. You taught me slowly so I got the concept first and then we went to more realistic training where you actually attacked me. You should do that. If you didn't I wouldn't have been able to hold my own during any of the assignments I went on without you." 
Ivan flinched, "I still don't like it." 
"I know but you'll have to do it again." I said. 
Ivan growled, "Why's that?" 
"Because I need a lot more training and who better to teach me hand to hand combat than someone who was trained in almost every form of fighting since he's been with the government for 14 years. There's a reason you made it up to Boss's right hand. Your tracking skills beat everyone else, but you weren't just an excellent tracker. You knew how to fight. Besides, you can't always be trying to fight the world off to protect me. I need to be able to handle my own as well." 
"I can't hurt you though, Ari." Ivan whispered. 
"You can't hurt me anymore, Ivan. I'm a vampire now. A blood born vampire." 
"You can still feel pain." Ivan growled. 
"The pain is temporary. I heal very quickly as long as I feed." I laughed. 
"Fine, but you can only feed from me." 
"IvanI'm bonded to Caleb though." I said, becoming uncomfortable.
Ivan laughed, "I don't think you are. I can't explain why I think that yet but I don't think you are. I think there's a lot more to the bond than what we think." 
I looked at him confused, "More than just drinking from you guys?" 
"Yeah. I know Derek told me, but I don't remember right now. Drake locked it. So I doubt if Caleb knows." 
"Drake mentioned that Caleb bonded already with Keo, but he said that he wasn't sure how Caleb bonded twice but that it might be because Caleb didn't remember." 
"When everyone remembers then we will take it from there. For now though, if we are able to, will you bond with me?" Ivan asked, looking at me seriously. 
"Always." I told him. 
I wasn't worried that Caleb would be upset. Caleb was my guardian and he never made a move to act differently toward me. Keo kept telling me that it was supposed to be Ivan and I had a feeling that by now, Caleb would say the same thing. 
"There needs to be an exception though." I added. 
"What's that?" Ivan asked. 
"If you're hurt and I can't feed from you, OR if you aren't around." I told him. 
"That's given. The other exception is if you're feeding to kill." 
I flinched, "I don't want to end up doing that." 
"I know Ari, but there might come a time when you might have to. If it happens, don't hesitate. Feeding to kill isn't like really feeding. You'll probably need to talk to Drake about that though. I don't really know how it works but I know it isn't the same." 
"Ok. So what's next?" I asked him. 
"I electrocuted you before the assignments started." 
I laughed, "That was actually a good thing you did that. I had found out only a bit before that Boss had been the one that set the attack on our village that night. I almost turned after and that was without activating my abilities." 
Ivan looked at me, shocked, "That's not good, Ari." 
"I know but Caleb was able to calm me down. After that we made the plan. Then when I saw Boss again in that room I almost lost control. My body almost turned and then you electrocuted me. You took the anger away from me. Oh and by the way, you felt really bad about that. I could tell. You were fighting yourself again." 
Ivan's eyes went wide, "I think I knew. That whole time. I think I knew that I was me. I felt like I didn't remember something and it was bugging me. I didn't know what it was though. I just felt like there was something else going on but I couldn't put it together." 
I laughed, "You always looked really grumpy, I was kinda nervous to talk to you." 
Ivan laughed, "Good. I didn't want you to be with me in that way." 
"I know. Your last big issue is where being Justin made you hate me on principle, right?" 
Ivan growled, "Yeah." 
"Don't stress on that one so much. Everyone outside of our clan is scared of us. But they can come around. Mya and Link did. They tried to fight Drake and Caleb before I died." 
Ivan flinched, "I want to know what happened but not until after I've shifted. I don't know if I can control it." 
"Ok, but please realize that even Justin was coming around. He was nervous around me, but he didn't hate me. He was lost and confused and it was because he was realizing that I was me, regardless that I had turned. I was still me." 
Ivan's grip on me tightened, "Fine. I will accept that when I was Justin I did what I needed to. I don't like it but I will accept it." 
I looked up at Ivan, "Why are you so tense?" 
"I don't like you feeling like I'm not ok with who you are." 
"Ivan, you already proved that you're completely ok with me. I'm not worried about the rest. You just need to accept the fact that you had to do what you needed to so you could survive. That's the only reason why you were the way you were as Justin." 
"I will spend the rest of my life making it up to you." 
"Don't. Don't spend the rest of your life making it up to me. Spend the rest of your life being with me and making it through all of this together." 
Ivan leaned and put his forehead against mine, "Always and forever, Ari." 
###chapter Fifty Four
*Ariya*


I breathed a sigh of relief. Ivan might not be completely out of the woods but if he could accept that he was Justin and a part of him was that way then maybe his personality wouldn't split. He would still be different when he had his memories vs when he didn't. But it wouldn't be forever that he would lose his memories. We had a while to go but it wasn't going to be forever. We could make it through it. I had to keep faith that we would. 
"Oh! I found out about the saran wrap!" I laughed. 
"Did you now?" Ivan laughed with me. 
"Yeah, so Caleb is worried about your hair." 
"My hair?" Ivan raised an eyebrow at me. 
"Yeah, I don't remember for sure, but I think you were the one that was holding Keo before I passed out. If that's true then your hair was different. I don't fully remember it yet but I think your hair was like your wolf's. Black with white tips." 
Ivan's eyebrows pushed together, "I think you're right but I don't really remember yet either. I haven't had a memory where I saw my own reflection." 
I laughed, "That's fair. You've always been in wolf form when I've seen you in my memories. Except for the one time with Keo but I didn't get a clear look at you. I passed out shortly after." 
"I remember, I was trying to get you to wake up right after. I shifted so I could check to see if Keo was still alive. I was going to check Derek too but you came around the corner and passed out. It scared the hell out of me." 
"Well if your hair does have white tips that is different from what your hair looks like now. If you shift and your hair changes it could cause problems." 
"That still doesn't explain saran wrap." 
I laughed, "Caleb was worried you wouldn't have your memory still and they would have to stalk you. If your hair changed color his idea was to kidnap you and saran wrap you to a chair so they could dye your hair." 
Ivan laughed so hard that tears fell down his face, "Is that even possible? Can you really saran wrap someone to a chair? I mean if my hair changed wouldn't that mean I would be able to shift? How did they expect me to stay in the chair for them to saran wrap me enough to hold me down?" 
I laughed with Ivan, "No idea. We should try it one day if we have time." 
"Maybe we can saran wrap Boss to a chair." 
"Keo asked why not use duct tape and apparently it was because Caleb was worried about causing problems by getting dye on your skin and clothes. Caleb's not wrong though. What if your hair changes? If it does, that could cause a lot of problems if we don't have a plan for it." 
"You're not wrong on that. I'm not sure what we could do. We could always try the dye but if it doesn't come out right then we're in the same problem. At least Caleb won't have to get too much saran wrap now. But he's right on using it to prevent the dye from getting on my skin and clothes." 
"I talked to them earlier. There's a lot of obstacles that we have that are going to come up. Ones that Caleb and I didn't plan for because we didn't know what we were missing. We need to figure out what to do and fast. These problems could become very real very soon." 
"I know, Ari. Don't stress about it. We will figure it out." Ivan reassured me. 
"What should we do about your hair?" I asked. 
"We could try dye. I don't know if we can make it to where they get a bit of my hair. If they do, they can see about trying the dye and see if it matches color wise." 
"The other thing Drake mentioned is that when your wolf was repressed that was when your hair changed color. You didn't remember being a wolf. What if he does it again. You can remember everything else but your wolf side?" 
"No. Absolutely not. If I don't remember I'm a wolf then I'm not going to be able to feed you if you need it. I also won't be able to prove that it's me when we're just talking. That's going to cause more problems." 
"But Boss gives me some blood to make sure I don't go crazy. We could find a different way to have you prove it's you." 
Ivan shifted uncomfortably, "I don't like it. It's too risky." 
"True, but so was Plan B. That's what's going on now. We transitioned to Plan B and that's why I'm caught right now." 
Ivan growled, "That should have never been an option." 
"It was the only way to find out information and get you back. Besides, I've learned a lot so far. It also buys us time for me to get in control of myself and get my memories back." 
"Ari, you've lost control maybe one time so far. When you were trying to get away. Outside of that, you've been in control the entire time." 
"That's not true. I lost control right after I turned." 
"Really, Ari? You just turned. You're not supposed to have control at that point." 
"Then when you were Justin and you fixed my broken bones." 
"You were in pain, even if you were out there that type of thing would have happened. But you didn't fully lose control. You regained control pretty quickly." 
"Because of you. Because I scared you." I whispered. 
Ivan growled, "You scared me as Justin. But I'm not scared of you, Ari." 
"It happened again when you mentioned me being hungry and again when we kissed." 
"That was my fault for the first one. You haven't in a bit though and it's time to. But when we kissed" Ivan blushed, "That ummthat's going to happen from time to time." 
"What?" 
Ivan got even redder, "It's a good thing, Ari. It just means you like mea lot" 
"You're going to explain it to me one day, right?" 
"Before we bond, I promise to explain it to you." 
"You better. Going back to your hair though, Drake said your hair might not change because when you are around others you won't remember being a wolf. But when you're around only me or them then you will remember." 
Ivan's eyes lit up, "Drake might be onto something. I have an idea of how we can test it. But they're going to have to kidnap a couple people." 
###chapter Fifty Five
*Ariya*


Ivan ran down his idea and my eyes lit up right along with his. 
"Ivan, you're a genius! If we tweak a few things we might be able to cover you if you don't transition back immediately. I know I don't remember all of it yet but that might be able to work for that too." I suggested. 
"That's true! I'm curious though. If I'm in wolf form and someone else shows up how does that work for my memories? Wouldn't I forget all of that though?" 
I furrowed my eyebrows, "I wonder how that would work? Maybe Drake can adjust the lock again? We need to make sure it doesn't mess you up completely. If you're in wolf form you should keep your memories regardless of someone else being around. Otherwise that can cause a lot of problems. We'd be fighting you and them at the same time." 
"That needs to be fixed immediately." Ivan agreed. 
"I could reach out to them to have them do it right now." I offered. 
"That won't work, Ari." Ivan said. 
"I mean I know you haven't done a link with anyone but you should be able to get one if I'm right here with you." 
"That won't work either. I don't know all the details yet but I'm not able to communicate with anyone like that. I think it had something to do with me needing to bond first. Until I bond I'm not able to communicate that way. I think that's part of why they jumped me that night." Ivan explained. 
I looked at him, worried, "But if you can't communicate that way until you bond and you can't bond until you shift and you can't shift unless you have your memories, but you can't have your memories if someone is around, but we can't fix that part unless they can" 
I was beginning to panic. There were so many potential disasters. Maybe Boss was right. Maybe he was steps ahead of us. Maybe we wouldn't be able to pull this off. Maybe my plans would just end up getting everyone killed. 
"Easy, Ari." Ivan wrapped his arms around my head, pulling me to his chest. 
My breathing quickened as the panic set in more. I didn't want to lose anyone. I had lost so much but according to Boss I didn't really lose what I thought I had. I was so confused. I didn't realize what was real or not real anymore. I just knew I couldn't lose Ivan. I couldn't lose Keo. Or Caleb. Or Drake. I couldn't lose them. I wouldn't be able to make it through this life without them. 
"I'm right here. I'm not going anywhere. You're ok. We will figure this out. Breathe, Ari. Everything is ok. We will find a solution. We always do. No matter what happens, there's an answer. We just need to take a step back and look at the bigger picture like Boss told you." Ivan comforted me. 
Hot, fresh tears spilled down my face. I wanted to calm down and I wanted to figure it out but there wasn't time. The panic was rising inside of me. We had to figure out how to handle Ivan's hair. We had to figure out how to handle him shifting. What were we going to do if he shifted and couldn't shift back. How would we explain his absence? Would it make sense to have him shift here? What if he howled? What if he wasn't in control? What about his memories? If someone was around and he was in wolf form, would his memories lock? What would happen to him then? What would happen to him mentally if he was a wolf? He wanted us to bond so I could feed and we could get out of here at any point but what if there was more to what Boss could do? What if our thinking has always been wrong? What if Boss knows everything already but he's just confirming? What if Boss already knows that Justin is Ivan? What if everything has just been a lie this entire time? 
"Come back to me, Ari." Ivan whispered. 
I felt like I couldn't breathe. I felt like the walls were closing around me. I felt like the world was caving in and no matter where I turned a thousand more problems came up. I didn't know what to do and I wasn't sure if we would be able to figure it out. If we made the wrong move someone could die. We didn't have room for errors. We needed to be perfect. 
The smell of blood hit my nose like a shock to my body. I jolted in surprise. Breaking out of my thoughts. Ivan had cut his finger open to get my attention. My eyes changed and my fangs forced their way out. I looked at Ivan, his eyes were glowing his wolf's blue. 
"Don't take too much or you might actually kill me, princess. But you need it. Careful of the chains though." Ivan said softly. 
I licked the blood off of his finger and my eyes rolled back in my head. I groaned as I put his finger in my mouth, scraping my teeth against his skin. I sucked the blood from his finger and felt my body ignite. I felt my strength returning the more I took. 
"Ari, come back to me." Ivan put his other hand on my head. 
I let go of his hand and looked at him. His eyes glowed blue as he smiled at me. My heart melted as I looked up at him getting lost in his eyes. Ivan leaned down and kissed me gently. 
"I'm not really sure how to heal you." I said, a little embarrassed. 
Ivan chuckled, "I wasn't sure if you did or not, that's why I cut my finger. Good thing we didn't just jump straight to an artery." 
I went pale, mortified about the thought of not being able to heal him. 
Ivan laughed, "Don't worry, I'm sure Drake or Keo can explain it and then we can practice with my finger again since those wounds seem to close up quickly. From there we can work our way up." 
I relaxed in his arms and nestled my head in his chest, "Ok. But promise me you'll use the blood that Boss makes you give me to take the edge off first. I don't want a repeat of when I was trying to get Keo out of here. We're lucky that Mya was able to heal you that time." 
Ivan laughed, "Yeah that could have gone very badly."
"Yeah. We need to avoid taking unnecessary risks." 
"Are you ok to continue talking about everything?" 
I shifted, uneasily, "Not completely. But we don't have much of a choice, do we?" 
"That's true. One problem at a time. I'm sure Keo, Drake, and Caleb are coming up with ideas of their own as well. We just need to come up with whatever we can to do our part. Just like you made multiple plans for combating Boss, we need to be able to have multiple plans for tackling these obstacles." 
"What if something happens that we didn't think of?" I asked. 
"Then we'll handle it as it happens. We can only plan for whatever we can think of. If something unexpected happens we need to be willing to roll with the punches. Or duck." 
"What?" I laughed. 
"When life throws punches at you, you can either sit there and take it, roll with it, or duck. You don't have to take every hit to the face." 
###chapter Fifty Six
*Ariya* 


I grabbed Ivan's face and kissed him, "You're a genius!" 
Ivan stared at me in wonder, "Not sure what I did this time, but thank you?" 
"Seriously!" I giggled, "We don't have to take every hit to the face. We can duck. I've been so stressed about us taking every hit that I didn't even think about dodging." 
Ivan cocked his head to the side, "I'm listening." 
"We don't need to figure out an individual plan for every problem. We need to flip it around. What are all the problems that could come up. If you can see ahead and see the potential problems we can make a plan that will weave our way through them." 
"Isn't that pretty much the same thing?" 
"No. By handling one problem at a time we are causing more issues. If we look at the big picture we can see what all could happen and see what path we need to take. It's like Boss said, focusing on just the one thing in front of you can blind you to the possibilities around you." 
"Okso what do we do now then? I'm guessing we're not running through this all blindly." 
"We just need to list out every problem. The biggest problem is you and I don't have all of our memories so we don't know all the details of everything." 
Ivan paused for a minute, thinking, "I think you need to reach out to Keo and let him know your idea so that they can do the same. They have all the pieces. Well maybe not all the pieces but more pieces than you and I might have. They might be able to come up with other potential problems that we wouldn't be able to see." 
"I agree. If we're running around in the maze, they've climbed to the top of the maze. They can see a bit more than we can but they're still not able to see everything." 
Ivan smiled at me and hugged me tightly. I nestled my head in his chest taking a deep breath. This was one of my favorite places to be so far. 
*Keo* I sent the link out. 
*Ari? Is everything ok?* Keo asked me. 
*Yes and no. Ivan is with me and we might have figured out that we're both looking at this wrong.* 
*Oh? How so?* 
*We need to stop looking at just the runner.* 
*What?* Keo laughed. 
*Sorry. It was something Boss said. We're trying to solve each problem one at a time but we need to see all the problems before we start trying to come up with a solution. We need to take a step back and see the bigger picture here.* 
*So just lay out every problem we could possibly run into?* 
*Yes. Though it might give us all some anxiety. I wish we had something we could write on over here but we'll do our best to try to make sure we come up with more than one solution on our side.* 
*Writing is a good idea. We can always burn it later.* 
*Or you can use a whiteboard and erase it.* I laughed. 
*I mean I guess that works too. Maybe I wanted to burn something* Keo laughed. 
I laughed, *Keo, you guys might have different answers than us. You might know more than we do. We don't have all the pieces.* 
*Don't worry. Just figure out what you can and we can adjust the plan as needed. You guys will ultimately have all the information. We are only going to be able to work with what we knew from before.* 
*Sounds good! I'll reach out later tonight.* 
*Until then!* Keo said. 
Once again, Keo severed the connection and Drake pushed within a second and locked the memory. 
"All good?" Ivan asked me. 
"Yup." I grinned up at him. 
"Time for us to get to work then. First roadblock I see is me needing to shift and soon." Ivan said. 
"I agree, but right after that we're looking at you being able to shift back and how long before you can shift back." 
"Next is the possible issue of my hair changing." 
"Also if you are in wolf form and someone like Boss comes around what that will do to your memory." I said.
"Another issue we are going to come up on is me needing to shift at least every month." Ivan mentioned. 
"What if you're being followed?" I asked. 
"Another issue to add to the list." 
"We're also going to have to figure something out for you when you're Justin." I mentioned. 
"What do you mean?" 
"Think about it, if you don't have any memory as Justin of what happens when you are actually you, does that mean that it's just a loss of time when you're Justin?" 
Ivan's eyes went wide, "I'm not sure. That's not going to be good if it is that way and it's not like you can ask me as Justin. We might need to fix this lock on my mind." 
"I don't know how they'll fix the lock. You being you is knowing that you're an original Navi wolf. As Justin you don't remember any of that stuff. I don't know how we can fix that." 
"We'll figure something out. Or maybe Drake will." 
"Can you remember anything when you are Justin?" I asked him. 
"Yes, I can remember everything from when I'm Justin." Ivan told me. 
"We can figure it out then. What happened when you went to talk to Boss. You had to tell him I had a memory but you weren't going to know what all really happened when we were talking." 
Ivan was lost in thought for a moment, "That's not totally true. I remembered leaving the room and my memory of what went on going away but it didn't all go away. It was like only specific things disappeared. Like my memory of being me. My memory of being a wolf. That stuff disappeared but it didn't freak me out. It was like I knew that it was absent to protect me. But I didn't know what it was that was missing because it was gone." 
"Do you think when you're Justin that it is going to cause an issue?" I asked, suddenly concerned. 
"No, I don't think so. Remember, as Justin I still had feelings for you. I still feel like I need to protect you. Because of that I don't think I'll do anything when I'm Justin. I still have the feeling that something is missing but I'm not stressed about it. Instead it's like I now feel like I'm being protected. Besides, it's probably a better thing now." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Well as Justin I was still getting affectionate with you and that could have gotten me in trouble big time if I had been questioned. But now that stuff is locked." Ivan explained. 
"I think I found another problem" 
"What's that?" 
"What if they use a Switch to try to read everyone? Including you? Will what happened when Keo was questioned happen with you?" 
Ivan's eyes got wide, "That happened with Keo because he's a blood born Navi. I don't know if that's how it works for an original Navi wolf but I wouldn't be surprised if it works the same" 
I asked the question that I was dreading the answer to, "Ivanwhat if you shift and you can't shift back for some reason?" 
###chapter Fifty Seven
*Ariya*


Ivan and I had figured out as many possible twists and turns and problems that could come up. Once we were satisfied we started planning. It took a few hours to come up with different plans and as we came up with plans new problems popped up. We worked out as much as we could with the information that we had while Keo, Drake, and Caleb did the same on their end. 
"Ari, I know that we want to savor the time we have together right now since we don't know what's going to happen" Ivan trailed off. 
"You think we should try to sleep to try to get some more memories back?" I asked, picking up where he left off. 
"Yeah. We don't know if some missing piece is going to be given in the next memory." Ivan said, looking at the ground. 
I held his face in my hands and gently kissed him on the lips, "We will have time. But I think you're right. The question is, who goes to sleep?" 
"I think it needs to be you, Ari. If I go to sleep and Boss comes in here before you can wake me up, we're in deep trouble. But if you go to sleep and they come in here, they won't think anything of it." 
"I think that's the safer option but it might be worth the risk to have you go to sleep. The problem we're talking about is about you shifting which means that your memories are more important than mine at this moment." 
Ivan sighed, "That's true, but I have a feeling if I go to sleep I might end up shifting." 
I looked at him, concerned, "What makes you think that?" 
"The first time I shifted, I was asleep. That's how it works. I haven't shifted in 14 years. I got fragments of memories before last night happened. But last night, that was when I got a lot more of my memories back. When I remembered about the night of the attack and that I was the wolf that I was seeing in my memories." 
"Ivan, I think you need to shift willingly." 
Ivan cocked his head at me, "What?" 
"You said the first time that you shifted, you shifted in your sleep right? Because we're worried about you shifting again since it's been 14 years and we don't know if you'll be able to shift back immediately, I think it's because you need to shift willingly. I think if your body shifts on its own I don't think you'll be able to shift back. But if you shift willingly, I think you'll be able to shift back as well." 
"I don't know how I know, but something's telling me you're right. We should run it by Drake and see what he thinks." 
"We need to contact them in a couple hours. Should I try sleeping then or are you going to?" I asked him. 
"I think you need to. It's the safest option and I'm pretty sure you'll be able to fall asleep." Ivan winked at me. 
"Do you think it's ok for me to fall asleep on you?" 
"I think so. I can hear if someone is coming and I can get up and move if I need to. Besides, if you just lay in my lap I can move you off faster if I need to." 
I moved to rest my head in Ivan's lap. I had shorter hair for a couple reasons. For one it was easier to maintain working in the field we did. Another reason was because I didn't have to worry about someone trying to use the length of my hair against me in a fight. And lastly, though I didn't totally remember at first, it was because Keo and I looked so much alike when we used to "Switch" with each other no one would tell based on the length of our hair. They had to find other clues that we had switched. Ivan ran his hands through the top of my hair and at the back, scratching my head. I'm pretty sure I fell asleep within 5 seconds of laying my head in his lap. Just like we predicted, another memory came to the surface. 
- - 
*I was laying on my side, facing the door, asleep when a pair of blue glowing eyes came up to me. A soft whine and a cold nose nudged me. I opened my eyes slowly just wanting to go back to sleep. I heard the soft whine again, almost like a cry. A beautiful black wolf with white tips throughout his fur and glowing blue eyes stood in front of me. This wolf was larger than what a regular wolf was but it was not as big as the other wolves in our village. The Navi wolves were massive but this wolf was smaller than them. 
"Ivan." I breathed and the wolf whined softly again. 
I wasn't sure how I knew but I knew. It was Ivan. He must have shifted for the first time. I reached my hand out while still half asleep and touched the top of his head and scratched. Ivan whined again. He was scared. 
"I'm sorry, I'm really sleepy. Your fur is really soft though. It's like a pillow." I whispered.
Ivan put his front two massive paws on my bed. I moved so he could get up and he laid down. I put my head on shoulder and my hand back on his head, scratching it softly. I fell asleep again quickly. 
I woke up with a start to Mom busting into the room, "Ariya, have you seen Ivan?!" 
She saw Ivan in wolf form and breathed a sigh of relief, "Oh thank goodness. Are you ok?" 
"Mom, I'm sorry. I'm fine, he came in last night, he was scared. Please don't be mad." 
"Oh sweetie, I'm not mad, I was so worried. I went to wake you guys up and when I opened Ivan's roomwell his room was torn to pieces and I was worried when I couldn't find him. Oh, and for the record, I was asking if Ivan was ok. You look like you got the best sleep of your life, Ari." 
I looked at Mom confused, then realized I had drooled all over Ivan. My hands went to my mouth and my cheeks went red in embarrassment. 
"I'm so sorry, Ivan!" I cried. 
Mom laughed, "It only ever happens when you sleep really well. I don't think he's mad." 
Ivan leaned his head against me to let me know he was ok and wasn't upset about it. I wrapped my arms around him giving him a hug. 
"Time to get ready for the day. I'll tell your grandfather that we need to have Derek come over to help Ivan out. Ivan, if you don't mind coming with me, it will be easier to just walk up to Drake than trying to explain everything. And Drake will be able to see if we can't figure out how to communicate with you since you can't actually talk right now." 
"Mom, is Ivan going to be like that for a while?" I asked her. 
"I think so, sweetie. Only time will tell. Unfortunately we don't know until we know who is an original Navi wolf. There are very few of them left and they don't appear that often." 
"Why is that?" 
"The gene doesn't pass down well. Ivan and Caleb are distant cousins and there is a likelihood that they are but we can't be sure until they shift for the first time and then shift back." 
"Oh. Is that why their parents were killed when they were about Keo and I's age?" I whispered. 
"Yes, sweetie. Unfortunately the world knows that we coexist together and so they tried to wipe out the original wolves and as many of the other wolves as they could find since they're a lot easier to kill than we are. That's why Ivan and Caleb do a lot of training. As of right now there's only 3 original Navi wolves left." 
"There will be 5 if Ivan and Caleb are original Navi wolves right?" 
Mom laughed, "Yes, that's right." 
I looked at the ground, suddenly worried. Ivan nudged me and whined. 
"What's wrong, sweetie?" Mom asked me. 
"Ivan's not going to have to leave since he shifted right?" 
"Absolutely not. Ivan and Caleb are both here to stay. No matter what. Whether they're original Navi wolves or not. This is their home now. It has been since they both lost their parents. That said, Ivan we're going to have to get new things for your room now, but we can figure that out later." 
I beamed up at her. Ivan, Caleb, Keo, and I were the best of friends. I also had the biggest crush on Ivan as Keo teased me about on numerous occasions. But always when Ivan and Caleb weren't around. Ivan was the oldest out of the 4 of us, then it was Caleb and then Keo and I. Caleb and Ivan always looked out for us but we were all friends and cared a lot about each other. Keo used to tell me that Ivan loved me which only made me red. I wasn't sure I believed him but I wanted to. 
"Ok, Ariya, time to get ready. Ivan, let's you and I go find Drake. Think you can find him with your nose?" Mom grinned.* 
-  -
I woke up slowly, feeling Ivan's hand still running through my hair giving me head scratches. As I was remembering my dream I suddenly became self conscious.
Ivan noticed me stir awake and laughed softly, "I think I need to have a towel to catch your drool, princess." 
I was mortified. Absolutely mortified. 
###chapter Fifty Eight
*Ariya*


"Someone kill me now." I said, mortified that I had just drooled on Ivan. 
"Absolutely not." Ivan growled, "I think it's adorable." 
"Droolyou think drool is adorable?" 
"With you, yes. Because it means you slept really well." 
"How do you remember that?" 
"It was one of the memories I had. I just didn't realize it was a memory until it happened. It was one of the fragments that I got when I was Justin." Ivan explained. 
"It was the first time you shifted. You came to my room. I think you were scared." I said. 
"Oh I was absolutely terrified when I shifted the first time. I knew I was going to shift. I just didn't know when and I wasn't expecting it to happen in the middle of the night. I also wasn't expecting it to hurt so bad." Ivan said. 
I looked at him, concerned, "It hurt when you first shifted?" 
"Yeah, the first time we shift it hurts because your body is changing all of a sudden. And then there's also a lot of emotions that come too. I was more freaked out than anything."
"I could tell. Even though I was half asleep, I could tell you were scared." 
It finally dawned on Ivan, "Wait, you had a memory didn't you? Was that the memory that you had? The night I turned for the first time?" 
I laughed, "I was wondering how long that would take you. Yes, that is the memory I got back. Your wolf is absolutely beautiful." 
Ivan laughed, "Typically guys would be upset about being called beautiful but it doesn't really bother me that you say my wolf is beautiful or my wolf eyes are." 
I blushed, "Sorry. I just don't have a better word for it. Stunning? No, not enough emphasis. Amazing? No, that's not right either. Beautiful fits. There's a beauty in it that you don't see. It's like being at the top of a mountain watching the sun rise and there being lots of clouds and the colors. It's beautiful." 
Ivan smiled at me, his eyes telling me how in awe and in love with me he was. I blushed and quickly looked down. He gently put a finger under my chin and lifted my head up so I would meet his gaze. He kissed me in a way that made my body melt. 
"So was there anything that you learned that might help us?" Ivan asked me. 
"I don't think so. I think it is more just what I said before. I think you need to shift willingly. All that happened is that you came into my room. I fell back to sleep on you and then Mom woke us up cause she was scared when she went to wake us all up and saw your room in pieces. Then I asked her questions about the original Navi wolves. It sounds like there aren't many of you left. And we can't tell if someone is an original Navi wolf until they shift for the first time."
"Sounds about right. It's not technically too far off from you guys. We always assume because Drake is the only Blood Born Navi line that anyone from his line will turn. But you and Keo are the first that turned from dying. It was probably a shock when Keo turned but with you he probably assumed since you both are twins." 
"I wonder how much information was actually locked away from us." 
Ivan laughed, "Probably a lot. Drake was trying to keep us safe. But right now it is causing a lot of headaches." 
"True. How long was I out anyway?" 
"Only about an hour. We should probably reach out to them soon so we can put all the plans together." 
"How long before you have to leave?" I asked him. 
"I should leave soon. It's getting late but I can always stay for a while. No one would probably question me. If you notice, no one has come by here at all. Only Boss and he's only ever come over since he put me in charge of waiting for memories from you." 
"I worry about Jess and Adam"
"I don't blame you. They're extremely loyal to Boss and I wouldn't be surprised if Jess takes your spot. Adam was already at a similar spot to you. But Jess will probably snake her way in." 
"Just be careful." I whispered. 
"Don't worry about me. I can handle it. Time to reach out to them." 

*Keo?* I sent the link. 
*Hey, Ari. Do you want to do this with everyone?* Keo asked. 
*Well it will be everyone but Ivan. He can't communicate that way.* 
*What? Why?* 
*He said something about how he had to bond first and then he thought he should be able to but that he's never been able to communicate that way that he can remember.* 
*Huh. Ok. I'll let Drake know. We'll send a link in a second.* Keo said then severed the link. 
I felt a push from Drake and knew that he had created a link for the 4 of us. I would have to fill Ivan in after. I crawled into his lap and he wrapped his arms around me. It was going to be quiet for a while but he would keep an ear out for anyone coming. 
*Hey, Kiddo.* Drake said. 
*Hey, so we think we came up with a couple good ideas. We wanted to see what you guys came up with and see what we came up with.* I said. 
*You start and then we'll add whatever else we thought of.* Drake told me. 
I went through as much as I could remember. I started off with all the potential problems that we saw. Drake, Caleb, and Keo came up with most of the same ones but we each had a couple of problems that the other missed. We ran down the plans for each idea and after everything was laid out on the table we all immediately agreed on what the best course of action was. 
*I think it makes the most sense to go that route.* Drake said. 
*Yeah, especially because we can handle the most amount of problems that could happen that way.* I added. 
*It needs to be tonight.* Caleb added. 
*Really? Tonight?* I asked, a little worried. 
I wasn't ready to be alone if it came down to it. I was just finally reconnecting with Ivan and I was worried that it would be the last time I would see him for a while. 
*I know it sucks, Ari. But we need to do it tonight. Caleb even went over how it was when you guys were on your own. He said by the end of a month without shifting made him really antsy. I can only imagine how Ivan is doing. I'm here for you. You're not going to be alone.* Keo told me. 
*Ok. Tonight it is. Make sure he's not being followed first. If he is, we'll have to go with the second option.* I told them. 
*Will do. Caleb is going to shift and trail just to be safe. But Drake and I will be following as well, just at different checkpoints. It'll be ok, Ari.* 
*I know. I'm just worried. He'll be heading your way in about an hour and a half. That should give you plenty of time to get staged.* 
*Sounds good.* Drake said. He promptly locked the memories and severed the link. 

I ran down the plan with Ivan while I was in his lap. He hugged me tightly as I rested my head in his chest. When an hour and a half was almost up he squeezed me tightly and kissed me in the way that made my body melt. 
"Come back to me. Ok?" I told him. 
"Always." Ivan promised me. 
###chapter Fifty Nine
*Ivan*


Leaving Ariya was so hard. I didn't know if I would be back in the morning. I didn't know what was going to happen. I had a thousand things running through my head when I left. But as soon as I left the room and was a little bit down the hallway my memories started to disappear. I knew I was leaving the building for the night. To go home to get sleep. I passed by a couple of the staff that were there at night. They were at entrances and exits but that was it. They weren't authorized to go into any of the interrogation rooms. Their job was simply that. To guard entrances and exits. 
I came to the exit for the building. 
"Leaving for the night, sir?" The guard asked me. 
"Yes." I grunted. 
I didn't talk to anyone here. I didn't have personal conversations with anyone. No one knew details about me. Boss didn't ask many personal questions. The only time he asked anything was if it was important to him to know. Otherwise he let you have your privacy. He was a private person too. He was in charge and I had worked for him for the last 14 years at least. I wasn't even sure what his ability was. I was sure he had one. But he kept it a secret. 
As I exited the building, I sniffed the air. I made a habit of doing that when I left and when I entered. I knew most of the scents of the people here. When I left the building I was trying to see if anyone was nearby. I had learned to do it discreetly and I doubt if anyone could tell I sniffed the air when I walked outside. There were 5 people nearby when I left the building. 
I started walking toward my home and 3 of the scents were following. They smelt familiar but I couldn't place them at first. It wasn't until I got a little further down the road that I finally started to remember. My memories seemed to be trapped in a box in the back of my mind but they began resurfacing like someone had opened the box. 
I continued heading home. I knew who the 3 scents were now and just continued on with the plan. As I was walking my mind began racing. Ari. I thought about what would happen if I didn't make it back in the morning. My body began to shiver and a growl forced its way out. My breathing picked up as the anger settled in. 
"Breathe, Ivan." 
I stayed standing in place trying to calm down. I knew Keo was behind me. I could hear the worry in his voice. I tried to focus but the thought wouldn't leave my mind. What would Boss do to Ari if I wasn't there the next morning? My body shivered aggressively and I growled louder.  I needed to shift. 
"No one is around, Ivan. We should go into the woods so you can shift. I don't know if you'll make it all the way there. We're not far though." Keo said, putting his hand on my shoulder. 
I clenched my hands into fists. I continued thinking of what Boss would do to Ari. I would kill him if he put a hand on her. I would kill him. I growled, grinding my teeth. I looked at Keo. 
"I know. I'm worried about her too. As soon as you shift we'll know. Whether she likes it or not, if you can't shift back I'll break in there with you to get her out." Keo growled, baring his fangs. 
Hearing him tell me that made me relax a little. It wasn't much but it was enough for us to get to the woods. Caleb and Drake showed up soon after. Caleb shifted back to his human form, his eyes glowing yellow. I looked at all of them angrily. I wasn't mad at them. But I was angry. I could feel that they were too. We were all mad at the situation. We didn't want to leave Ari there alone. My mind went back to what Boss would do and my body began shivering aggressively again. 
"Is it ok if I run with you?" Caleb asked me. 
"Only if you can keep up." I growled, my eyes glowing Ariya's blue. 
"You're on." Caleb smirked. 
"Ivan, before you shift let me fix your lock." Drake said, coming up to me. 
"Hurry. I can't wait much longer." I told him. 
"I have you." Drake said, placing his hand on my head. 
The fix on the lock wasn't as aggressive as the last time. Last time they practically jumped me. This time Drake was able to fix it quickly and without knocking me out by accident. Since I had some of my memories it was easier. After Drake finished I kicked my shoes off. I pulled my shirt over my head. I handed my shirt to Keo. For some reason when we shifted our shirt and shoes were the only things that didn't make the shift. But our pants did. Because screw logic. I was thankful though. At least I didn't end up naked after shifting back. I was also thankful the pants didn't stay on our wolves because that would have been super weird. But it was like when Hulk transformed. Dude only kept his pants. 
"Are we all set?" I asked gruffly. 
"Yeah. We'll be out here watching. When you finish running, come back and we'll move to the next stage." Keo said. 
"Remember, we won't be able to communicate with you. Caleb won't be able to either. So if you can't shift back" Drake started to say. 
"I'm going to be able to shift back. I'm not leaving her there alone with Boss." I interrupted, growling angrily. 
My body violently shook. I let go of my resistance to the shift. I needed to shift. My body was on fire. I wanted to rip Boss's throat out for what he'd already done to Ari. I felt my canines come out more as I growled. Keo and Drake jumped back out of the way. Caleb moved out of the way as well. My eyes glowed blue and I felt my body expand. I flailed my arms as they shifted to paws and before I knew it I was on all fours. I howled, feeling the reverberation throughout my body. Caleb growled on my right and I saw his body shiver as he shifted. Caleb looked at me in his wolf form and bowed his head down slightly. I took off going for a run. Caleb followed. He was pretty fast, but it might have just been because I hadn't shifted in so long. My mind was still racing thinking of Ari. I had to get back to her. 
I ran as fast as my legs would carry me and for as long as they would take me. When I finally slowed down, I knew hours had passed. It felt good to run. Caleb had kept up the entire time. I was pretty impressed with him but I'd probably never tell him that. Not anytime soon. Once I was back to my full speed and endurance, if he was still able to keep up then I would tell him. I sniffed the air trying to see if I could catch Drake or Keo's scent. They weren't too far off from where we were. I headed in the direction of them with Caleb following right behind me. 
"I was starting to worry that you'd run until dawn." Keo laughed. 
"Do you want to try shifting back now or wait until we get to your place?" Drake asked. 
I shook my body. I wanted to stay like this for a bit longer. We had other things to test before I shifted back too. I didn't mind shifting back and forth but I was worried about getting stuck. 
"Let's do the test while no one is around. Caleb, head out about half a mile and then shift back. Keo go with him, you're not part of the test but I'd rather none of us be alone. Just in case, Ivan, I'm going to alter the lock slightly for a second." Drake said. 
I stepped closer to Drake as Keo and Caleb took off. Drake was going to change the lock so my memories would disappear with Caleb around. It was the only way we figured we could test my memories staying when I was a wolf but without kidnapping someone. I thought it was a good plan but it was only a necessary plan if I was being followed or they needed to "kidnap" me. 
Drake finished placing the lock and about 5 minutes later Caleb and Keo came back. My memories started to disappear but stopped. My head began hurting and I yelped in pain. Caleb shifted and ran away from me as fast as he could. The pain subsided and I relaxed a bit. 
"I'm going to try something else. I have an idea. You'll need to shift back first though." Drake told me. 
My body shivered as I tried to shift back, but it didn't work. I was stuck. 
###chapter Sixty
*Ivan*


My mind went back to Boss as soon as I realized I couldn't shift back. I growled loudly. I wanted to fight something right now. My body was shaking with rage. 
"What are you waiting for? Fight me. I can take it." Drake said.
I didn't hesitate. I was angry. I was angry at everyone. Everyone but her. I wanted to kill Boss. I was angry at Drake for separating us. I was angry at Keo for dying. It was a horrible thing but it was how I felt. I was so angry at everything. I lunged at Drake angrily and he grabbed me and threw me across the woods. I landed heavily, rolled and lunged again. We continued for a while before I finally started to run out of energy. Drake didn't hurt me and I didn't hurt him. That was the good part of fighting someone like Drake. He really could take it. Getting a decent hit on him and hurting him was unlikely. 
"You ok?" Drake asked me. 
I whined. I needed to get back to Ari. I couldn't stay like this if it meant I couldn't be near her. I couldn't take anything happening to her because I wasn't there. 
"I think it's the lock, Ivan. Let me try something." Drake said. 
Drake put his hand on my head and changed the lock. He got the distant look in his eyes that Ari got when she was talking to them. I assumed he was reaching out to Caleb and Keo to let them know to come back. Sure enough, about 5 minutes passed and Caleb came walking up with Keo. Caleb was in just a pair of pants and I cocked my head to the side. Confused. I felt a curtain cover my mind as he walked up but the curtain only covered the back part. 
"I think this is gonna work." Drake commented. 
"He can't shift back though?" Keo asked. 
"He couldn't when he tried this last time. Let's wait for another hour and have him try again. I think he's going to be able to but I think it just hasn't been long enough. But it could have also been the lock I put. I adjusted it. He should be good now." Drake said. 
"Do I need to go?" Caleb asked. 
"Yeah, just for now. At the hour mark head back to us." Drake said. 
Keo and Caleb nodded and then took off again. I felt the curtain lift and cocked my head to the side. 
Drake laughed, "I adjusted it. It's more like the lock that we can make to protect certain memories. Instead of it locking completely down, if you're in wolf form it should just cover it. You should still be able to access those memories but it will take some effort. No one else will be able to touch them though. When you're in human form it should act almost like it always has. It should disappear, but you should still be aware of most things. You just won't be able to find the words to explain any of it if it's super important, like Ari knowing you are Ivan. She will be able to honestly tell Boss that she has no idea who Ivan is." 
I whined thinking about Ari forgetting me. I didn't like forgetting her, but I knew I still cared. Even when I was Justin. 
As we came up on the hour mark, I tried to shift back again. My body shivered and I felt it change. I gasped for breath when I shifted back. Drake came up and steadied me. 
"You ok? Looks like we did need to just wait a bit." 
"I'm ok. I need to get back to her." I told him. 
"In the morning. You can't make it suspicious. We have another test to do." Drake told me. 
I growled, "What now?" 
"Ivan, your hair changed." 
My eyes grew wide, "No"
"It's ok. They'll be here in about 5 minutes. We'll see what happens." Drake reassured me. 
Sure enough, Caleb and Keo came walking up. As they got closer, I could feel the memories get boxed up. Instead of disappearing though, I was aware that they were there. But I knew it was safe. 
"What's your name?" Caleb asked me. 
"Justin." I told him. 
"Heartbeat stayed the same. Do you know who we are?" Keo asked me. 
I nodded my head. I wasn't totally sure what was happening. But I knew Keo wasn't going to hurt me. 
"Who's Ivan?" Caleb asked. 
"Someone that Ariya knew as a kid. He needs to get his memories back before she gets hers back." I answered. 
"Yeah, but who is Ivan? Do you know his true identity?" Drake pushed. 
"No." I answered. 
"Seems good. I don't notice a change in heartbeat." Keo said. 
"His hair didn't change either, so it looks like I don't need to use the saran wrap." Caleb added. 
"Alright, run away again so I can add you back to the allowed lock people." Drake laughed.
"How long do you need?" Caleb asked. 
"You guys  need to be 5 minutes away for me to fix it, but you can run back as a wolf." Drake answered. 
Caleb and Keo took off. I stared at Drake confused. He held up a finger as if telling me to wait one minute. After a minute the box of memories opened back up and I had them back. My eyes glowed blue. 
Drake smirked, "Your hair changes back when you remember. That's good. It will tell us if we really are talking to you or not. It might also give you a slight disguise." 
I laughed, "Ari is going to love my hair being back to how she remembers. She said that I looked different but couldn't explain it." 
Drake laughed, "She was fascinated with your hair. Come, I need to fix the lock before they get back." 
Drake put his hand on my head and fixed the lock again, adding Caleb back to the group that I would keep my memories around. 
"Drake, did she really bond with Caleb?" I asked him. 
Drake laughed, "You're not jealous are you?" 
I growled at him which only served to make him laugh harder. Caleb and Keo showed up seconds after and Caleb shifted back. 
"She probably would have if we remembered how to actually complete the bond." Caleb laughed. 
"What do you mean? Didn't Drake lock all the memories? Wouldn't he have remembered though?" I asked. 
"No, the bond part was something Derek and I agreed to locking forever ago. It's the one thing that makes you guys more powerful and us more powerful at the same time. That is going to be especially true for you and Ari." Drake told me. 
I blushed, "So she's not bonded then?" 
"Nope. You will have to do that. ONLY if she wants it to happen." Keo growled at me. 
"I wouldn't do something she didn't want." I growled back. 
"As long as you tell her everything first." Keo said. 
"What makes you think I wouldn't?" 
"I'm just saying, make sure to tell her everything. Including the reason your eyes are blue and not yellow like Caleb's." 
###chapter Sixty One
*Ivan*


My eyes glowed Ari's blue as I looked at Keo. 
"I will. You have my word. I will tell her, Keo. I already promised her that I would tell her. But she needs to remember a bit more first before I drop it all on her." I told him. 
Keo grinned at me, "I know you will. You're seeming more like yourself. I'm sorry. I know you are yourself, but I can't help but see Justin too." 
I growled, "If I could beat myself up for that I would." 
Caleb walked up and shoved me. I tensed, unsure of how to feel. Caleb's eyes glowed their yellow and he growled at me. 
"Shut up. Both of you! We all grew up together and we know how each other is. Our memories were locked and we can't blame each other on how we reacted with the information that we had. Ariya would be mad at all of us for it. I would know because unlike all of you, I've been with her the entire time. She's not someone who is going to hold a grudge about it. Keo, I know you saw Ivan as Justin but you need to let it go. He wasn't him. You knew that. Ari even had to do some awful things to you and you forgave her. Ivan, you need to accept that you were Justin because otherwise that part of you is going to be useless to us when we could very easily use that part to help us in this fight." Caleb growled. 
I couldn't help but laugh, "Since when did you become the wise one?" 
"Since I had to raise Ari and keep us safe for the last 14 years." 
Drake, Keo and I all flinched. We knew that Caleb had stepped into a guardian and parent role for Ari. I was interested to see how their relationship had evolved. I knew Caleb did the best he could with what he knew. I was thankful for him for being able to keep her safe. 
"I'm sorry it took us 14 years." Drake said, looking at the ground. 
"I think I need to remember that Drake and I were the only 2 that were still living in our world, not having to hide who we were and that you 3 were always in hiding. I also need to remember that things aren't going to be the same as when we were kids." Keo said. 
"It's not as different as you think. Sure there's a lot of differences, but I think a lot is going to be the same too." I said. 
"How would you know? Do you remember everything?" Caleb laughed nudging me playfully. 
"Not yet. But I'm getting there." I laughed back. 
"If anyone is having memory issues and they have all their memories it's you, Caleb." Drake laughed. 
Caleb cocked his head to the side, confused. 
"I mean we did have a whole conversation about this." Keo laughed. 
It took me a second to realize what they were talking about but then it was like Ari's voice whispered in my head saying "Saran wrap." I laughed. 
"Is it?" I asked Drake and Keo. 
"Yes." They answered laughing. 
"I'm so confused right now." Caleb said which only made us all laugh harder. 
"Look closely at Ivan, Caleb. You'll probably see it." Drake said. 
Caleb looked me up and down and then he went pale. We all laughed as we knew he realized. 
"We need to get to the safe house. I got saran wrap and dye. How do you feel about me taking some of your hair before we just dive in and dye it?" Caleb asked, starting to panic. 
I laughed, "Have you always been this wound up? Breathe, Caleb. It goes away." 
"We're still getting used to it." Keo laughed. 
"What are you talking about? We need to handle this! We have to get you back to Ariya. We"Caleb paused, "Did you say it goes away?"
"Yes, Caleb. It goes away." I said. 
"How?" Caleb asked. 
"I think it has to do with the lock. His hair only changed that way after he shifted for the first time. When I put the lock on his memories the first time his hair changed. I assumed if I adjusted the lock it would work the same. That's why I had you guys leave and come back so much." Drake answered. 
"So you're saying all the worry?" Caleb asked.
"Wasn't necessary." I answered. 
"How are you feeling now? Ari said that you needed to shift when we talked." Keo asked me. 
"I feel better but I feel like I'm going to need to shift every day for a while. I'm still a bit antsy." I told him. 
"If you can shift without howling, you should shift in front of Ari. You know she is in awe of your wolf." Keo told me, tossing my shirt and shoes back to me. 
"I'm not sure if I need to howl to be honest. That one just came out." I laughed. 
"You should shift again and shift back to be safe." Caleb said. 
"I don't know if I can tonight. I'm really tired and I'm guessing I need to get home without you guys." I told him. 
"We'll be following nearby, just in case. But once you're home we'll head back ourselves." Drake said. 
I nodded and put my shirt and shoes back on. I headed out of the woods towards my house. I kept thinking of Ari and how I was going to explain everything before we bonded. I didn't think she would be upset about it but I couldn't help but be worried. It would be weird having someone able to communicate with me through my mind like they were able to communicate with each other. But it was oddly comforting. I would be able to talk to Ari before we both went to sleep. I would be able to be near her in a way. I wasn't sure how it would all work though. Drake locked the conversations the second they finished their conversations. Before we bonded and figured out how to communicate we would have to figure that part out as well. Which meant I would need to talk to Drake. Or Ari would need to. 
I got home with all my memories still intact. I thought of Ari and I wanted to go back there to see her. I missed her. I needed to see her. My body started to catch on fire again as it began to violently shiver. My breathing quickened and a growl came from deep down. I kicked my shoes off and pulled my shirt off over my head as quickly as I could. I felt my body expand as I let my wolf rise to the surface once again shifting.
###chapter Sixty Two
*Ariya*


I wanted to stay awake to know how things were going but I couldn't fight sleep. I was worried about Ivan but it was late and he had made sure to make me sleepy by giving me head scratches before he left. I don't know why but it felt so good. Having him running his hands through my hair made me sleepy. I was fighting a losing battle and drifted off to sleep probably before he even made it out of the building. 
-   -
*After I finished getting dressed I ran to the kitchen. I was eager to get back to Ivan but I really wanted to talk to Keo. As luck would have it I found my brother before anyone else. 
"Keo! Did you see?!" I jumped excitedly. 
"See what, Ari?" Keo asked, intrigued. 
"Ivan shifted! His wolf is so amazing. It's beautiful!" I squealed. 
"What? Really?! What's it look like?" Keo jumped up excitedly. 
One of the many reasons I loved my brother. He got just as excited and animated about something as I did. It made it easy for us to switch places with each other. Mom, Drake, Caleb, and Derek were always fooled. Ivan was always the first to figure it out. He knew instantly most of the time when we switched and we couldn't figure out why he always knew but I wanted to see if he would know being a wolf now. 
"His wolf has the most amazing blue eyes I've ever seen and he has black fur but he's got white tips all around. It's so cool!" 
"Whoa! I can't wait to see it!" Keo got a sinister look in his eyes, "Ari, are you thinking what I'm thinking?" 
I grinned at him and nodded. 
"Switch!" We both shouted in a hushed whisper high fived each other. We ran off to the bathroom to swap clothes and style our hair the same. 
We were heading to the kitchen when we ran into Mom and Ivan. 
"See! He's got the most amazing blue eyes with black fur and white tips all around, Keo!" Keo said to me, pretending to be me. 
"Whoa! That's so cool! Ivan, you look awesome!" I expressed my excitement pretending to be Keo. 
Keo ran to Ivan and threw his arms around Ivan. 
"Ari, don't smother Ivan." Mom told Keo. 
I laughed, "You know she's just excited, Mom." 
Ivan shrugged Keo off of him gently and came right up to me, nudging my hand so I would scratch his head. Keo and I's jaws dropped to the ground and then we immediately started laughing. 
"How does he always know?" Keo laughed. 
Mom looked back and forth between us putting it together, "Oh you 2! You both are just trouble! Good thing Ivan is on my side and will let me know when my twins switch places with each other!" 
Mom was laughing as she picked Keo up and hugged him tightly. Keo laughed, hugging her back. 
"Sorry Mom, we wanted to see. Ivan always knows though! I don't get it. We can fool everyone else but we can never fool Ivan." Keo said. 
Mom came over to me and hugged me tightly as I laughed with them. She was never mad when we switched. It was a game and we never did it in a way that caused harm. But for some reason Ivan always knew and he would always tell Mom if she didn't realize it right away. 
Mom set me down and I immediately wrapped my arms around Ivan, snuggling my head into his fur. His fur was so soft and comfy. 
"Just don't smother him, Ari." Mom laughed. 
"I don't mean to." I said looking up at her. 
"Oh sweetie, you're not right now. But if he pulls away, let him. That's all I'm saying. Don't force him to stay in one spot if he doesn't want to." Mom reassured me. 
I looked seriously at Ivan, "Promise me you'll move if you get uncomfortable or need space. I don't want to smother you." 
In response, Ivan leaned into me more and I laughed. *
-  -
I began to stir awake with a hand running through my hair. I looked up to see who the hand belonged to even though I already knew. 
"Good morning, Ari." Ivan leaned down and kissed me softly on the forehead, flashing his wolf eyes at me. 
"Good morning, Ivan. How did everything go last night?" 
"Everything went perfectly, Ari. No need for any worries." Ivan said softly. 
"You shifted?" I asked, getting excited. 
Ivan looked down at me and grinned widely. I sat up quickly and looked at him closely. Something was different about him. Something felt different. He flashed his wolf eyes at me and I stared at them in awe. Then it hit me. I touched his hair, playing with the white tipped spikes throughout his black hair.  
"IvanIt's really, really you." I said, the tears falling down my face. 
"It's really, really me, Ari." Ivan said, leaning his head against mine. 
"How are you feeling? Any difference? Did you get any new memories? Was it easy to shift? Did you miss the feeling? Will the white tips go away when they come back? How did Drake alter the lock?" I bombarded him with questions. 
Ivan laughed, "I think I know where Caleb got his intense questioning from now. Did you rub off on him, princess?" 
"Huh?" I looked at him confused. 
"Ask Keo, he'll explain. As to your questions, yes, I shifted. I feel better now that I'm back with you. I kept thinking of what would happen if you were left here alone and I couldn't shift back and that triggered my shift. I almost didn't control it. Keo helped me out. I did get some new memories after sleeping last night. It isn't super easy to shift back. I think I need to keep shifting every day for a while, until it gets easier. I missed running. I ran for a couple hours. Don't tell Caleb but he's impressive. He kept up with me." 
I giggled, "We used to go and work on it. He would run with me when I was training. We didn't really go anywhere without one another. Except for when I came to work. I'm pretty sure you're still going to be faster than him." 
"Once I get my strength back fully and get used to running on all fours again, I think so too. Oh and yes, the hair changes when someone comes back. Just like my eyes. You'll always know it's really me when people leave if my hair changes back and I flash my eyes at you." Ivan said. 
I kissed him, I was so excited to be able to share my true feelings with him. 
"I've loved you since I was a little kid." 

###chapter Sixty Three
*Ivan*


My heart stopped. It seriously just stopped. I never knew she felt that way about me. Since we were little. I couldn't catch my breath. I have loved Ari forever. It was part of why I called her princess. It was never meant to be an insult and she never took it that way. I was the only one that called her princess. But she was. She basically was a princess. In our village Drake was basically the older King. Ari and Keo's Mom was like the Queen even though she was Drake's daughter. I always looked at Keo and Ari as the little prince and princess. I'd never called Keo a prince, he'd probably punch me in the face. 
My eyes were glowing blue. I looked lovingly at Ari. 
"I've loved you since we were kids too." I told her. 
"Shut up. Really?" She asked, shocked. 
I couldn't help but laugh, "Yes, really. Since I met you, I've known I loved you." 
"But you never said anything and you always seemed a little..well standoffish at times." 
"I'm sorry about that. I'm standoffish with everyone at first. But I knew I loved you. I just didn't want to scare you. We were little kids and I was older than you." 
"So you're saying you fell in love with a fetus." Ari laughed. 
"What? No. That's" I stammered, flushed. 
"I'm just messing with you, Ivan." She laughed. 
I kissed her, "Mean. So mean." I laughed with her. 
"You've really loved me since we were kids?" She asked. 
"I really have. There's more to it though, Ari." I said, shifting uncomfortably. 
I was worried about telling her. I didn't know how she'd take it. It didn't happen often with us. Since we were separated from most of the world, it didn't happen often. The world was scared of us. Of the Navi. So we all just kept to ourselves. 
"Ivan, you can tell me." She said, taking my face in her hands. 
I took a deep breath. "I just don't know how to tell you. I don't know how to explain it without just ripping off the bandaid. I don't want to freak you out. I wish I could just show you." 
Her eyes lit up, "I think you can show me. Caleb did." 
"Yeah but wasn't that while you were already in your head?" I asked her. 
"It was but I don't think it would be that much different. I can ask him or Drake if it's possible. Maybe we can do it. Then you can show me." She offered. 
"It's worth a shot." I said. 
Ari got a distant look on her face for a second and I knew she was talking to one of them. It didn't last for very long. Her eyes refocused and she looked up at me beaming. 
"Caleb and Drake tried to explain what you need to do. They said they weren't sure if it would work but they think you can do it. Caleb said you have to put your hand on my head, think of the memory you want me to see and then try to push it to me." She told me. 
"I hope this works." I said as I placed my hand on Ari's head. 
I closed my eyes and thought back to the night I shifted for the first time. How terrified I was when I first shifted and how it felt like my body was going to explode. I felt rage and fear all at the same time. After I shifted I noticed how destroyed my room was. I was so scared and didn't know what was going on. I knew I was a wolf and I knew I had shifted but I didn't know what to do. I went to Ari's room because she was the one person that seemed to put me at ease. I felt bad for waking her up but I was so scared. When she touched the top of my head she made me feel so at ease. I felt like I was going to make it through this. Even though I was alone. Even though my parents were gone. I felt like I could make it. She was so sleepy I had jumped up into the bed to stay close but to let her sleep. As soon as she put her head on my shoulder she fell back to sleep scratching my head. It felt good and I felt more at ease that I fell asleep right after her. 
Then her Mom busted into the room and I thought she would be extremely angry at me for climbing into her daughter's bed. It wasn't that I was going to do anything weird but I was scared and I didn't want their Mom to hate me. But I wasn't met with anger. I was met with fear. Ari's Mom was scared that I wasn't in my room. She was scared FOR me. She was worried about me. When she saw me with Ari, I saw her relief. 
I focused on trying to send that to Ari and by putting myself in that memory I felt it connect and go to Ari as it replayed in my mind. 
-   - 
*"Ivan, let's you and I go find Drake. Think you can find him with your nose?" Ari's Mom grinned at me. 
I hopped off the bed and followed her out of the room leaving Ari to get ready for the day. I looked up at her, unsure of what to do. 
"Try sniffing the air and see if you can catch Drake's scent. I don't know how it all works so Derek will have to teach you as much as he can but I know that everyone has their own scent." She told me. 
I sniffed the air. I could smell Ari behind us in her room. I could smell Ari and Keo's Mom next to me. I tried remembering their scents. I could smell a scent that smelt almost the same as Ari but it was up ahead. That must be Keo. There was another scent that was coming from outside. That must be it. I walked towards it and their Mom followed me.
As we walked outside, Ari's Mom brushed my back with her hand. 
"I wanted to talk to you for a second, Ivan." She said to me.
I looked down. I was waiting for her to be mad at me. I sat down in front of her waiting to be yelled at. 
"Oh, sweetie, I'm not mad at you." She said, lifting my head up to have me look at her. 
Their Mom never ceased to amaze me. She was so kind and loving and when Caleb and I came to their home they took us in with open arms. I started to look at her like she was my Mom, but I was old enough to remember my Mom so I didn't know how to act around her. In the end, I seemed more standoffish with everyone. I tried to still play and laugh and be friends with Keo, Ari, and Caleb but I wasn't sure how to act sometimes. It wasn't that we weren't friends. We were all friends. But I would go through my moments. 
"Are you ok, Ivan?" Ari's Mom asked me. 
I bowed my head in response. I wasn't sure how to communicate with them. 
"You were scared last night, weren't you?" She asked. 
I whined in response. I was terrified last night. I didn't know what to do and I wasn't sure how to shift back. Ari's Mom hugged me in response to my whine. She was trying to comfort me and I appreciated it. 
"Ivan, I wanted to talk to you. Derek is going to have to confirm it, but typically when a wolf shifts for the first time their eyes are always yellow. Most of the wolves have yellow eyes. They adjust slightly to the color that they typically have when they're human, but it's more on the yellow side when they're in their wolf form." 
I cocked my head to the side. Ari had said my eyes were blue. If every other wolf's eyes were yellow. Why was mine blue?
"Your eyes are blue. I've only heard rumors on what blue means. Ivan, when you're with my daughter, do you feel a sudden calm come over you if you are scared or angry?" 
I nodded my head, I wasn't sure what she was getting at. 
"I'm just gonna ask, Ivan, do you love my daughter? Do you love Ariya?" She asked me. 
I wasn't sure if I could blush but if I could I definitely was. I nodded my head again in response to her question. 
"Do you feel compelled to protect her no matter what?" She asked. 
I growled and nodded my head. I couldn't let anything happen to Ari. I would destroy anything that tried. Ari's Mom laughed at my response as she scratched my head. 
"Like I said, Derek is going to have to confirm. But Ivan, I'm pretty sure you're mated to my daughter."*

###chapter Sixty Four
*Ariya*


"What does mated to me mean?" I asked Ivan. 
Ivan shifted uncomfortably and I looked at him worried. 
"I don't mean to worry you. It's just a bit revealing? I don't know the right word. I feel exposed and it's a scary feeling for me." Ivan said. 
I looked at him shocked, "I don't think I've ever known you to be that open about how you're feeling. Even when you were Justin. You've never expressed something like this. Ivan, please don't be scared. I am here. I'm not going to run away. I'm just confused." 
Ivan took a deep breath and I moved to be closer to him. I hopped into his lap and wrapped my arms around him nestling my head into his chest. I felt his body start to relax a little as he wrapped his arms around me. 
"Being mated is a wolf thing. We have a mate. Kind of like a soul mate. Like the person you are meant to be with. Most of us never find ours. But when we do, our eyes turn blue. When I first got to your guys' home and I met you I felt a pull to you. I didn't know what it was so I tried to ignore it." 
"So for you it was like love at first sight?" I asked him. 
"Kind of. It felt like my heart stopped when I saw you. But I was in so much pain after losing my parents I thought that was what I was feeling. You looked at me with such kind eyes and as I got to know you better, I realized I was falling for you." 
"I'm sorry, I don't remember any of that yet." I told him. 
"It's ok, Ari. I know you don't have all your memories back yet. The night I shifted for the first time, I was so scared. I didn't know what to do and my parents weren't there. I went to your room because you always seemed to calm me down. Then we fell asleep and I guess you know the rest." 
"So what does it mean for you to be mated?" I asked. 
"It means that I was made for you. It means that I'm always going to love you. I'm always going to be there for you and I'm always going to protect you. It means that I've loved you since I've known you. It was confirmed when I shifted for the first time. But before that I just always felt like I wanted to be near you. I just didn't want to scare you so I tried to keep my distance. But I really do love you, Ari." Ivan told me. 
"I love you too, Ivan." I said looking deep into his eyes. 
As soon as I said it his eyes glowed blue and I heard his heart skip a beat. Ivan leaned down and kissed me. His tongue parted my lips and went exploring. My body melted and I felt a burn in my throat as my breathing quickened. I felt my fangs push their way forward and a growl escaped me. Ivan's tongue touched one of my fangs and he growled in response. It wasn't an angry growl but more of a growl of need. 
Ivan jerked away suddenly, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. Ari. I'm sorry. My body just started responding. I'm sorry Ari." 
"Breathe, Ivan. I'm ok. It's ok. Why are you so worried?" I asked him, concerned. 
"I didn't mean to make you lose control. I'm sorry." Ivan said, worried. 
"I'm in control, it's ok. Maybe we should talk more about what it means for you to be mated to me?" I asked. 
"Right. So, good news and bad news. I don't remember. Not yet. I know that it is part of the reason that I can't communicate with everyone. To be able to communicate I know that you and I have to bond. But I don't know how we do that yet. I also don't know what all it means yet. I know I had a conversation with Derek about it. Which I am more than happy to share with you when I remember but I don't remember it yet." Ivan explained. 
"Ok. So we wait for that memory to come back. I feel like the memories are going to continue coming until we get them all back. Which is also both good and bad." I told him. 
Ivan nodded, "We have to figure out what is ok to tell Boss and what isn't." 
"I don't think it's too complicated. I think we just let him know everything. As long as he doesn't know your identity or find an easier way to kill us, I think it's best to tell him everything." 
"That could be dangerous, Ari." Ivan said. 
"I know but I think by telling him more, maybe he'll come around and stop thinking of us as monsters." I said, hopeful. 
"I don't know if Boss will really ever think differently of any of us. But Ari, once the memories stop, he's going to go into torturing you." Ivan said, grimly. 
"I know. That's another reason why we should keep telling him everything. If we hold off on telling him things, he could start the torture because I haven't had a memory." 
"So I need to go get him then?" Ivan asked. 
"Unfortunately, yes. But Drake needs to lock the one of you and my Mom. If I start telling Boss about that, he's going to know that you're here." I told him. 
"I think Drake needs to lock you and Keo switching places. Even though it was as little kids and it was a joke, I think you need to have Drake lock that part. If you guys figure out how to really do it it could be used as a surprise if needed. But I think it's dangerous if Boss knows." Ivan said, worried. 
"Ok. I'll reach out while you go talk to Boss." I told him. 
"No. I'm not leaving you until I know that it's locked. I'm not risking coming back early with him and you getting caught by Boss that you can communicate with them." Ivan growled. 
I laughed but agreed. I reached out to Drake and he quickly locked the memories with the rest of them. Ivan kissed my forehead and then got up and went to find Boss. I moved to the middle of the room, waiting for Boss to arrive. I wasn't sure if I was making the right decision on telling Boss every memory I got back but I felt that it really couldn't hurt. 
What could Boss do with half of the information I gave him? I told him that I'd watched my mother be burned alive in front of me. He already knew that using fire hurt us more. Caleb had told me that fire hurt more but it was because it hurt other people more. If you got cut with a blade your body healed like normal. But being burned would usually put people in the hospital depending on the severity and it would take a normal person months if not years to heal. It only made sense that we didn't heal as fast from fire. We weren't as different as they made us out to be. We healed just like if a healer healed someone. 
The only difference was a healer was a very much loved ability in people. But when we had it we were monsters. I could understand it a bit I guess. We did after all need to feed on people to be able to continue healing. 
###chapter Sixty Five
*Ariya*


My memories faded like usual as Boss was getting closer. Shortly after Boss walked into the room with Justin trailing behind him. 
"This is becoming a treat, Ariya. You're getting a new memory every day." Boss said, ecstatic. 
"I'm not sure how much you'll like this one. It's not really interesting. Not much really happened." I told him. 
"Well you're not angry and going crazy, so I'm guessing you finally had a memory that wasn't awful?" Boss asked. 
I nodded, "I liked this memory, yes." 
Boss grinned, "There's probably more to the memory than you think. Don't keep me waiting, Ariya. Tell me what happened." 
I ran down the memory of being asleep and Ivan waking me up. Falling asleep on him. Then my Mom woke us up because she was worried. 
"His room was in pieces?"
"Yes, I didn't see it. Not in this memory at least." 
"So their first shift is pretty violent then. Wait, you said his eyes were blue. I thought Navi wolves had yellow eyes?" Boss asked. 
"They do, usually. But Ivan's were blue." I told him. 
"Interesting. Why did they live with you guys?" Boss asked me. 
"I think their parents died. I'm not completely sure but that's what I assume. My Mom said that they weren't leaving just because Ivan had shifted. That's all I was worried about." 
"Why did that worry you?" 
I wasn't expecting Boss to ask me why it worried me that Ivan was going to leave. I worried about telling Boss how I felt about Ivan but I knew that he would punish me if I didn't tell him. 
"I cared about him. We grew up together. Keo, Caleb, Ivan, and I. We all grew up together. We were really close." 
"There's more to it." Boss pushed. 
I looked at the ground and whispered, "I had a crush on him and I didn't want him to leave." 
"He was the one that saved you and Keothi at first. He got you away after I cut Keothi's eye, right?" 
"Yes." I answered. 
Boss grinned from ear to ear. I felt nothing but dread. 
"Good. I can tell you this, Ariya. That boy. Ivan. He loves you too." 
"What?" My jaw dropped. 
"He could have fought me and tried to kill me that night but all he cared about was getting you out of there. He shoved me down and dove under your legs to pick you up. If you hadn't grabbed your brother, I'm pretty sure he would have left him and just gotten you out of there." Boss explained.
"No. He wouldn't leave Keo. Ihe wouldn't" 
"He would. Because he is in love with you. The more he remembers his love for you, the more likely he is to try to break in here and get to you. Which means I don't have to find him. I just have to wait for him to come to me." Boss grinned wickedly. 
A puzzle piece clicked into place for me. 
"No! Please! Please Boss! Please don't hurt him!" I begged. 
"Oh don't worry, Ariya. When I have him, I'll let you see him again. Hurting him will be completely up to you. I may not have your little doggy Caleb, but I will get the one that loves you more than life itself. I'll get the other doggy. Justin, keep the same protocol for now. Let me know when another memory comes up." Boss laughed as he left the room. 
I sobbed softly. My heart was breaking thinking of what Boss would do to Ivan if he got his hands on him. My memories returned and Ivan took my face in his hands. I watched as his hair changed to add his white tips and his eyes glowed blue. My blue. Ivan wiped my tears and kissed me softly. 
"Shhhh. It's ok, Ari. I'm here. He's not going to use me against you. Though he could use you against me." Ivan growled. 
"No. Please. I can't bear the thought of him hurting you." I cried. 
"Ari, the way you're feeling right now. That's how I feel when I think of what he's going to do to torture you. We should get out of here. We should leave now. Drake and Keo can work on training us. We only get our memories when we sleep." Ivan said. 
"We only get our memories when we sleep right now. Because we're sleeping. But if we're out there, Boss is going to hunt us down until he gets to us. We won't be able to sleep. He's not going to touch me as long as I am getting memories." I told him. 
"But he is hurting you. He might not be physically hurting you, but he's hurting you emotionally." Ivan growled. 
"I know. I can take it as long as you are here. I can take all of it. We need to remember everything. We need to be able to really bond. And don't forget, Boss said you get a full day to do whatever you want to me. We can use that day to train. I don't think Boss is going to just full on torture me. He's been hearing too much. He's putting together how we feel about each other and how much I went through as a kid. He's been nicer. I think it will continue a bit." I said. 
"Ari, I think it's something else. I think he's trying to get on your good side. I think he's trying to subtly make you try to understand where he's coming from. I think he's trying to make you feel sympathy toward him." Ivan said. 
"You think he's trying to implement Stockholm Syndrome on me?" I asked. 
"Something like that. Boss is a mastermind. Do not forget that fact. I'm not always going to be able to do anything in the moment. I'm only able to do something after. After everyone else has left. After everyone else has already done their damage." Ivan said, looking down. 
This was hurting him. I didn't want to make it worse. But I needed him to be willing to continue with the plan. For some reason I just knew that there was more to this. I knew that I needed to be patient. 
"Don't worry, princess. I'll be ok. As long as you're ok. I'll be ok. I'll follow your lead." Ivan said, kissing me softly. 
"I don't want to make this more difficult on you." I whispered. 
"As long as you don't kick me out like you did with Keo, I will be fine. I'm going to hate having to break your bones back into place. But as long as you promise to feed from me" Ivan stopped, "You don't have toI'm sorry." 
I took his face in my hands, "I want to. It was always you. It was always meant to be you. I just don't want to hurt you when I feed is all. I don't want to scare you. I want you to be ok." 
Ivan looked at me seriously, "Ari, you will never scare me by being who you are. I love you. All of you. That is never going to change. I will be ok. I will only bond with you if YOU want to bond with me. I want you. I will never want anyone or love anyone the way I love you. I'm yours, Ari." 
My heart fluttered in my chest, "I want to bond with you. As soon as we know how. I want to bond with you, Ivan. I'm yours too. I just don't want you to feel used for blood. I don't want you to ever feel like I don't love you. I love you, Ivan." 
Ivan's eyes glowed blue, "I want you to use me in every way, princess." 
###chapter Sixty Six
*Ariya*


My heart stopped. Ivan had the sexiest grin on his face. His eyes were glowing blue. My blue. His eyes were glowing the blue that meant he was only for me. I turned beet red but couldn't break my gaze from his. Ivan came closer to me, kissing me passionately. He moved us across the room until my back found the wall. Ivan pressed up against me, never breaking the kiss. His tongue parted my lips and began exploring. Just like before my fangs forced their way out and a growl escaped me. I ran my hands through his hair as his hands ran up and down my back. I didn't want this to stop. 
I pulled Ivan closer to me, wanting him to be fused to me. I felt Ivan's body shiver as he pressed himself against me. I could feel him getting excited. I nibbled his bottom lip and a groan escaped from him. I scraped my fangs on his bottom lip and groaned. I wanted to bite down, to taste his blood again. But more than anything, I wanted him. I wanted to be closer to him. I pulled at Ivan's shirt and as he took his shirt off I ran my hands across his chest, feeling his warmth. 
Ivan took my face in his hands, gasping for breath, "We need to slow down, princess. We can't do any of that while we're here." 
I pouted, "I know you're right but please, take your shirt off more often. I like feeling your warmth." 
Ivan laughed, "Anything for you." 
I curled up in his lap and rested my head on his chest. I loved the feeling of his warmth. It wasn't too hot, but it was a cozy heat that made me want to fall asleep. 
"I half expected you to bite me when you scraped your fangs on my lip." Ivan laughed. 
"Oh, trust me. I wanted to. But I wanted you to be closer to me. I couldn't have you close enough." I told him. 
Ivan grinned, "You have no idea how happy that makes me." 
"Is it weird that I really just want to sleep a bunch now? Even if it brings Boss back in here a lot more and I get to be tortured sooner? I just want my memories back sooner than later. I want to know everything that happened." 
Ivan laughed, "Me too, Ari. Me too. I think we just need to be patient for now. Maybe we can still do some type of training." 
I raised my cuffed hands up, "How do you suppose we do that with the cuffs on?" 
"Maybe after a few more memories, Boss might let you out of the restraints?" 
"Unlikely, but worth a shot. I wish there was something else that I could do to train." 
"Well we basically have been working on your control." Ivan laughed. 
"I'm not starving right now though, that doesn't count." I laughed. 
"I know, but it does still count. If you are able to resist in general, it is something. Maybe you could work on using your energy manipulation or dragon's eye? Or maybe working on the mind link?" Ivan offered. 
"I worry about using the energy manipulation here. If I break something Boss will know and then I'll be back to the table. I don't know what else I could do with the dragon's eye. It's just activating it, seeing finer details and then that's it. But you're right on the mind link. Keo was talking about trying to see if we could switch places." I said. 
"Can you guys actually do that?" Ivan asked, bewildered. 
"Not sure, but Keo felt like we might be able to. If we can figure out how to see each other in our mind then maybe we could train. I don't know how helpful that will be since my actual body won't be moving if we're training in my head. But the switch part would be really helpful. I could always switch with him and train with the others, even you, if you were out there." 
"The only time I'm leaving your actual body is if I am getting us food or if it's the end of the day when I'm supposed to go back to bed. Otherwise, it's only if Boss orders me to leave." 
Hearing about Boss made my mind go back to an earlier conversation after he had left. 
"Ivan, promise me something." 
"What is it?" 
"Promise me that if for any reason, you feel like Boss is onto you being you that you'll tell me immediately." 
"Only if you promise that we'll leave immediately if he does." Ivan said. 
"Deal. I promise." I said.
"Then I promise to let you know." Ivan said. 
"Do you think he'll get suspicious of you?" I asked him. 
"I don't think so. Boss never asked me many things. As long as I continue doing what I've always done I don't think he'll have any reason to believe that I'm Ivan." 
"I hope not. Wait, is there anyone here that you talk to?" 
Ivan laughed, "No. Never. Boss was the only one I communicated with but it was only about work and updating him on things. I would listen more than talk. The only other person I really said anything to was you. Partly because you were the one that I had assigned to me at first, but partly because I had feelings for you. Everyone else usually left me alone." 
"Aren't you in charge of all the trackers though?" I asked him. 
"Yes, but they primarily take their orders from Boss. If we had to track something Boss would have us go to an area. We didn't really work together. We would show up together as a unit. If they found something they would bring it to me but they usually never beat me to finding something. The only time they did is if I was there to oversee things." 
"Really?" I asked, bewildered. 
"Yeah. I mean if one person has a scent, they're going to follow that scent. If someone else follows them but doesn't know what the scent they're following is, they're going to just be confused as to where they're going. It was easier to find what you thought you were looking for and fan out. That way if multiple paths were being created they were potentially all covered." 
"Won't the other trackers smell my scent on you?" I asked, worried. 
Ivan laughed, "No. Trackers are good, but they're not that good. They know when someone has been near someone else. But they aren't that good. They know I'm in the same room as you. By default your scent would be near me or around me. The trackers can't really distinguish too much of it. Now if Drake was suddenly in here they would be able to know that a foreign scent was on me, but they wouldn't be able to distinguish that it was Drake unless they had already been accustomed to his scent. They would also have had to be accustomed to the scent within the last few hours. Otherwise it would drive the trackers crazy." 
"It's different for you though?" I asked. 
"Yes, being a wolf is what makes it different. I don't know if Caleb can do it. But Derek taught me after I first shifted. I can only memorize so many scents though. I know yours, so by default I know Keo's scent. I know Caleb and Drakes now. But that's it. I can memorize Boss's scent but only if I had my memories around him which we should definitely not do anytime soon." 
"Yeah, please don't do that. Wait, what do you mean you know mine so by default you know Keo's scent?" I asked. 
Ivan laughed, "It's part of why Derek and Caleb couldn't figure out when you 2 switched. You both smell the same. Almost. There's a very, very small difference. But I think I'm the only one that can smell it." 
"Because you're mated to me?" I asked. 
"Exactly." 
###chapter Sixty Seven
*Ariya*


"Is that how you knew which of us was which?" I asked him. 
"Sometimes. It is such a small difference that I almost can't tell. I usually just had to look at one of you and check in with how I felt. I feel a pull when I am looking at you. Or I feel calm when I'm touching you. Like now, with you in my arms. I feel calm. If it's Keo, I don't feel that sensation. That's how I usually could tell. It was me being mated to you. But I think when we bond it will be even easier." Ivan explained. 
"You'll have to let me know. Keo and I were curious if you'd be able to notice if we switched minds if we are able to." I said. 
"I'm curious to see if I can. If you guys switch you'll have to try hard to not tell me. Though Keo might get kissed." Ivan laughed. 
"I would die laughing if that happened. Keo would never forgive us for that. I don't know how much I would like that either though." I laughed. 
"I don't think I would like it much either. I would really rather not kiss your brother the way I kiss you. That would be weird." Ivan laughed. 
"Maybe we should change how we greet each other?" I laughed. 
Ivan pouted, "I'm listening." 
"How about once you confirm you are yourself, you have to work on confirming it is me." 
Ivan cocked his head to the side. 
"In other words, we can have a conversation each time. Or you could just stare at me for a minute and then guess?" I laughed. 
"You 2 are able to talk the exact same way. I don't think having a conversation is going to let me know. But if it is him, I can talk to him and see if you still can mimic each other. I should be able to just look at you and tell. But before kissing you I promise to guess." Ivan laughed. 
"So now the question is, should we tell Keo?" I laughed. 
"Yes, please. Because if he denies being you I'll punch him if I end up kissing him." Ivan growled. 
I laughed, "Well we haven't been able to even start trying. He's still getting the hang of making a link. I think he's able to link with Drake now though. I was told that he was never able to do it until I was able to connect with him the first time." 
"I wonder if it's because you both had to turn before being able to." Ivan thought out loud. 
"You know what, that's probably why he's the same age as me." I said, puzzle pieces clicking into place. 
"Wait what? I never even realized. He is the same age as you. That's not possible though. Didn't he turn when you both were 9?" Ivan asked, suddenly confused. 
"Yeah, when I asked him about it was the night we were trying to get out of here. He said it was a long story and that it was something to do with our weirdo twin thing. But I forgot to ask him with all the craziness that's happened." I said. 
"I wonder if that's why you both ended up with the same scars." Ivan whispered. 
I blinked at him, "They were done by 2 totally different people and at 2 totally different times. I think that's just a coincidence." 
"I know they were but they're literally the exact same. I wonder if what happens to one twin, happens eventually to the other?" Ivan said. 
I thought about it for a while. But it didn't seem like that would be true. For one thing, Ivan was only bonded to me. There wasn't a female original Navi wolf that we knew about. I also had watched our Mom burn alive and that definitely didn't happen to Keo. We had lived different lives for the longest time. 
"We've lived completely different lives for the last 14 years. Our experiences are completely different. How would it work if one twin has something happen, that it would happen to the other twin?" 
"I don't think it's to do with emotions or experiences, Ari. I think it's more with a physical appearance." Ivan said. 
"Ivan, I don't know if you know this, but we are already physically different. Keo is a male and I'm a female. That automatically makes a lot of things different for us." I laughed. 
Ivan laughed with me, "That's true. I didn't mean it that way though. If you both are able to switch, what if you can only switch if the physical damage you have taken was the same. Or the age part. What if you guys only stop aging when you both turn? Or maybe you'll continue to age until you reach your prime. Maybe that part is a blood born thing." 
"I'm not sure. I don't think us being twins is going to affect a lot though." I said. 
"I don't think it will affect too much. But I do think it will affect some stuff." Ivan said. 
"Maybe I should reach out to Keo. Make sure he knows about the identity verification and then ask about the weirdo twin thing?" 
"I think it's a good idea, but I'm not letting you go while you do." Ivan told me. 
I snuggled into his chest, "Wouldn't have it any other way." 

*Keo?* I reached out. 
*Hey, Ari.* Keo responded. 
*You never told me about the weirdo twin thing. How come you aged?* I asked him, getting right to it. 
*Oops. Sorry. It is something to do with us being twins. Drake isn't totally sure either. It's kinda new for everyone. We were the first set of twins. Drake didn't even know we could turn by dying. We only found out because of me.* Keo explained. 
*About that, how did you turn? You didn't activate your abilities beforehand.* I asked. 
*I did though. I was searching for you that night. When I found you, I was in shock at first. I rounded the corner and saw him standing over you ready to kill you. As soon as he started to bring the blade down it was like something clicked together. Everything was in slow motion for me. I saw what was going to happen and was running to you. I wasn't totally fast enough but somehow I was able to pull you down and get in front of you. I know I used the dragon's eye when the blade was coming down. But I also somehow used my energy manipulation at the same time. I heard it was pretty similar for you as well, but you had 2 people you were protecting?* Keo asked me. 
*Yeah. I activated them in almost the same way. But how is it that it happened the same way for us?* I asked him. 
*Drake just chalked it up to us being twins. We're not really sure. Like I said, there's never been a set of twins before us. Maybe we had to turn the same way. The universe does some crazy stuff sometimes.* Keo laughed. 
*True. Speaking of crazy stuff. If we are able to switch places, Ivan might ask if it's you or me. You need to tell him honestly if it is you.* I told him. 
*But that ruins the fun, Ari. If he just asks how are we going to know if we fooled him? I can't just tell him.* Keo laughed. 
*Fine. Get kissed then.* I laughed. 
*Wait. What?* I could tell Keo about fell over. 
*Ivan can tell by looking at us. He's going to show it's him and then he's going to do his wolfy thing and then guess which of us it is. If we figure it out and he guesses it to be you, you need to tell him. Or he might end up kissing you.* I laughed. 
*He told you then?* Keo asked. 
*Wait, you knew?* 
*Not completely. I knew he loved you. Caleb told us he was pretty sure that Ivan was mated to you. I didn't know that gave Ivan special abilities to tell us apart though. That explains so many things now though.* Keo laughed. 
*That's what I said! But yes, that is why. There's more to it though. We just don't remember everything. We are going to bond though, Keo.* I told him. 
*I'm happy for you, Ari. Are you sure this is what you want?* Keo asked me, seriously. 
*I don't have a doubt about it. We decided we would wait to bond until we have all the information.* I told him. 
*We all support you. Make sure to talk to Drake beforehand. I think he knows everything but he's not supposed to say, you know?* Keo said. 
*Will do. Are you going to bond with Caleb?* I asked him. 
*Not in the same way you bond with Ivan.* Keo laughed, *But yes, if Caleb is ok with it. We won't until after you bond with Ivan. Oh and Ari, keep in mind, if we bond with them, they won't age anymore. Not as long as we're alive.* 
###chapter Sixty Eight
*Ariya*


Ivan left to go get us food and I had an idea. I wanted to see if Keo and I could progress our communication through our link and see if we could try to open the door to be able to switch. I tried to pull Keo's consciousness to me. I thought of how he walked and talked. I thought of how he stood and how tall he was. I thought of the details I could remember of him as I pulled at his mind. 
*Ari, is that you?* Keo asked me. 
*Yup. I'm trying to see you.* I giggled. 
*Is Ivan there?* Keo laughed. 
*Nope. Trying to figure this out before he gets here.* I laughed with him. 
*Devious. I love it. Give me a second. Let me tell Drake so they don't freak out if I suddenly drop to the ground. I think I know how this works. Try doing what you were doing again in 15 seconds.* Keo told me. 
*Let's try something else instead of severing the connection.* I told him. 
*Oh?* 
I pulled at Drake and Caleb's mind in the same way that I pulled at Keo's before we were able to talk. Caleb started to appear before me in the same way that he had when I had fed on him after I turned. 
"Caleb!" I jumped excitedly and ran to him. 
"Ariya! It's so good to see you again! Are you ok? How has everything been? Have they done anything yet?" Caleb asked, hugging me tightly. 
"I'm ok, Caleb. They haven't done anything too crazy. I get the feeling that Boss is going to start getting impatient soon though. I miss you!" I laughed. 
*How did? What? Are you and Caleb face to face?* Keo asked.
Caleb and I looked up when Keo spoke. It sounded like a voice overhead. We both looked at each other and started laughing. 
"That's so crazy! Keo, you sound like you're on an overhead speaker. But yes, we're face to face." Caleb called out. 
*We can hear you like normal, Caleb.* Drake laughed. 
"How do we get you both in here?" I asked. 
*Try doing what you did again. Caleb was the only one that seemed to accept it. We're going to sever the connection for a second so we can put up a barrier just in case. But try it again.* Drake told me. 
"Do you know what's going on where you're at right now? Are you aware of your surroundings?" I asked Caleb. 
Caleb put his hand on his chin and looked at the ground. It was like he was trying to get in tune with himself. 
"Vaguely. I have to really focus. Ariya, is it safe for you to be doing this right now? Where's Ivan?" Caleb asked me. 
"He's getting food. I just wanted to try it. Let me see about bringing Keo and Drake here." I held my arms out in front of me and once again I thought about pulling Drake and Keo to me. 
Drake and Keo started to materialize in front of Caleb and I. Caleb jumped back, his eyes wide. 
"That is so crazy!" Caleb said. 
"How are you doing this, Ari?" Keo asked me, his eyes wide in wonder. 
"Didn't you feel the difference this time, Keo?" Drake laughed. 
"It was a pull instead of a push." Keo said, making the connection. 
"I think there's a lot more we can do." I told him, "If we both pull I think we can swap places. But if I push myself to you, I think I can possibly make a projection of myself. I'm not completely sure. It's just a thought but I don't know how we actually take over. Right now all of you are in my mind." 
Drake walked over and hugged me. I stood there, shocked at first but then hugged him back. 
"Not sure what I did to get a hug." I said, awkwardly. 
Drake laughed, "You are you. More than I ever thought. I thought when we all reconnected and you and Caleb were back that you both would somehow be different. I kinda expected you to be a lot different than you used to be just because of who you've been around. But I'm so happy to see you as well, you." 
I cocked my head to the side, confused, "I mean don't get me wrong, there's a lot that's happened. But I'm always going to be me. I choose who I am going to be. Not anyone else." 
"True, but people can influence you and to see you still so inventive and creative and just being devious like you and your brother always have been. It's good to see." Drake told me. 
"He's right, Ari. I was a little nervous as well. We've all been apart for so long. But even Ivan seems to still be Ivan." Keo said. 
"Seems to be? Are you expecting us to change?" I laughed. 
"Not even a little bit." Keo laughed, coming over and hugging me as well. 
"Ariya, I think you can make it to where we can see what's going on where you're at, I think you just have to focus." Drake told me. 
I put my arms out in front of me once again, trying to think of seeing what was going on around me. I thought of it like a movie that everyone could see. My energy manipulation formed a huge rectangle just like a projector screen in front of all of us. After focusing a bit more the image appeared on the makeshift screen and we could all see what my eyes could see in real time. 
"That's amazing!" Caleb gasped. 
"Are we able to move around and see around you or talk to anyone that is there?" Keo grinned. 
"I'm not sure honestly." I laughed. 
"I think only one person can be the one that controls your body at a time, Ariya. I also don't think Caleb or I could do it. I think it has to be you or Keo. But we might as well give it a shot." Drake said. 
"So we need to create a spot that basically is the place where whoever is on that spot is the one that's in control of movement and hopefully speech? The rest of us can watch like we're watching a movie?" Keo asked. 
"Something like that I'm sure." Drake said. 
I tried making a platform which failed. Keo tried, but failed. We tried a few other ideas which all failed. When I was about to give up for the moment, Caleb interrupted. 
"Ariya, how did you bring everyone here?" Caleb asked. 
"I just thought about how you all looked and details about you and tried to pull you here." I told him. 
"Was it the same with you bringing yourself here?" Caleb asked. 
"Pretty much. I thought of the area that I wanted us to be in. I just figured a plain room. It made it easier to think of the details of all of you. But when I was thinking of bringing myself here I just did the same thing as I did with all of you." I told him. 
"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Keo said, looking at me grinning. 
"Probably something close to it." I laughed. 
###chapter Sixty Nine
*Ariya*


"Try to put yourself back in that room, Ari. See if you can do that but leave everything else in here the same." Keo told me. 
I held my arms out, once again. Thinking of the room. How the metal chains felt, how the room smelt, how the temperature was. I thought of how big the room was. Sure enough I began to gain focus back on the room that I was in. 
*Are you all still there?* I asked in my head. 
*Yup, and your voice is overhead like a projector now.* Keo laughed. 
*You guys sound the same as you do when we usually talk. Can you see anything?* I asked. 
*Yeah, we're all still in the room. You on the other hand, basically just disappeared in front of us. It's kinda freaky. Like you get downloaded into the room and then you exit by fading away.* Keo said. 
*How did you get yourself back in the room?* Caleb asked. 
*I thought about the details of the room. How it felt, how it smells, the temperature. Anything that I could think of.* I answered. 
*Can you look around for us so we can see it? I want to see if I can jump over to you and swap places.* Keo told me. 
I looked around the room. Usually I just zoned out when I talked to them but this time I was aware that they were there and I was also aware of what was going on around me. This must be what the link was supposed to be like. 
*It is supposed to be like this, Ariya. When you speak to us, you are still supposed to be aware of your surroundings.* Drake laughed. 
*We can feel what you feel right now and your thoughts are put on the overhead speaker for us, Ariya.* Caleb added. 
*That is so creepy.* I said.
*That's how it's supposed to be. When we talk to each other through our mind we are basically granting access to how we feel. Our thoughts, our feelings, everything. But because you and Keo aren't used to it, it ends up a little off at times. But this is how it's supposed to be. You're not supposed to zone out.* Drake explained. 
I looked around the room trying to take in the details this time. The room wasn't exactly small but it wasn't exactly large either. It was a pretty decent sized room. Enough room to move around. Probably fight if we could figure out how to project ourselves. Another thought that I had. What if we could project ourselves and train in the room with each other. I looked at the table that was behind me. The one I had been attached to when I first got here. Boss had been kind enough to let me not be attached to the table. I just wished sometimes I had a pillow and blanket. Though Ivan was very comfy to lay on, and he was warm too. 
*Shoot. Sorry.* I said, looking down, embarrassed. 
*Ari, it's ok. We know you're with Ivan. Don't stress out about it.* Keo told me.
*Ariya, you aren't going to be able to censor your thoughts. Something like that isn't an easy thing. You can learn to control them eventually. But it will take a lot of time.* Drake told me. 
*No. You're not allowed to learn how to control your thoughts because you're not allowed to hide things from us.* Caleb growled. 
*So you're saying you want to know about Ivan and I kissing?* I asked. 
*No. No. That's not what I'm saying. You can keep that to yourself if you want. I'm just saying don't hide things from us. We'll eventually see you 2 kiss in person when you both are out here. But we don't need to know what it feels like when you 2 kiss.* Caleb stammered. 
I laughed. At least I wasn't the only one that was worried about that. I looked at the chains that were around my wrists and ankles. I thought of how they felt. I heard 3 simultaneous growls in my head which made me laugh again. 
*It's better now than it was before. Before I was chained to the table. At least I'm able to move around now.* I laughed. 
*Is that everything in the room?* Keo asked. 
*Pretty much.* I told him. 
*Good, try to come back here with us then, Ariya.* Drake told me. 
I held my arms out and thought of being back in the room, seeing all 3 of them, face to face. I opened my eyes and was standing in front of them. Keo was looking at me with a big grin on his face. 
"Your face is screaming trouble, Keo." I laughed. 
"When you were thinking of coming back in here we could hear what you were thinking and how you got from one place to the other. I think I can do it to take over on your side." Keo told me. 
"Better try it quick then, Ivan should be back anytime now." I grinned. 
Keo nodded and then held his arms out how I had. He closed his eyes. It was almost as if I could see the wheels turning. He started to disappear right in front of us. 
"That is so weird." I said. 
*I heard that.* Keo said overhead. 
"Definitely weird. Can you try to move around or blink or something?" I asked him. 
We watched on the screen as Keo lifted his arms up. My arms. From my real body. My eyes went wide. This was going to be really weird. But I could see how useful it could be too. It would give me an opportunity to train with Drake and Caleb. But I knew Keo would try to take over so I wasn't always taking the brunt of the torture. Keo spoke out loud in the room I was being held in but we could hear him in the room where we were inside of my mind. 
"Someone's coming." Keo said. 
We all froze in place. 
*Please be Ivan.* I thought. 
###chapter Seventy
*Ivan*


"Good day, Justin!" Day shift security greeted me. 
No one really used my name. Not on security at least. I looked at him, narrowing my eyes. I blew air forcefully out of my nose and proceeded to put the food on the counter. They inspected everything that came through. The only things allowed through were the things that had been pre-approved by Boss. He was the one that sent a memo to security on who would be bringing what in. For the most part they were glorified door watchers. They were really only there to make sure that random people didn't come in. 
"I mean sir. Good daysir" The day shift security guard stammered. 
I made him nervous. Good. Everyone here needed to be unsure of me and needed to be scared of me. I had been here the longest with the exception of Boss. Boss was the only one that had been here longer than me and everyone knew who he was. Most everyone knew of me, but not everyone had really met me. No one really talked to me and I usually kept to myself. For some reason security seemed to be friendlier and friendlier to me. I couldn't tell why. It might be because I've had to go in and out so much. Most of the time I would come in and then leave at the end of the day. Unless Boss had an assignment for me. But if there was an assignment it usually didn't mean we'd come back until way later. 
"Careful." I told the guard and he practically froze in place. 
People left me alone. Must be my loveable personality. I laughed to myself, but kept my face stone cold on the outside. The only one that I really talked to was Ariya and Boss. Everyone else typically just got a glare or a 1 word answer. I left the guard where he was and walked inside. As I rounded the corner I could hear the other guards giving him grief. 
"Are you crazy?" One said. 
"What were you thinking?" Another said. 
"I just thought maybe he just didn't have anyone to talk to." The original guard said. 
"You've got a death wish. That dude has survived fighting Navi. You'll be lucky if he doesn't kill you." 
I smirked to myself as I walked back to the room. 
"Something funny?" 
I looked to see who the voice came from. Jess. Oh great. Someone else that wants to bother me today. I glared at her, not answering. Jess was cocky. She thought she was the hottest girl around here but that just made her ugly in my eyes. She had looks, sure, but her personality made it diminish those looks. She'd also always tried getting me to talk to her. She hated Ariya and hated the fact that I would say more than 1 word to Ariya. It made me want to do it more just to mess with her. 
"Still don't want to talk to me, even though your little protege turned out to be a spy?" Jess taunted me. 
I flexed the muscles in my jaw, clenching my teeth but still didn't say anything. 
"I'm sorry. Can't we just be friends?" Jess asked as sweetly as she could muster. 
"No." I told her. 
"Because you'll only be friends with Ariya?" Jess asked. 
"No." I said. 
This was going nowhere. She was delaying me and I didn't know why. I didn't know what she was after.
"Boss said he was going to torture the little traitor but he hasn't done anything. Not that any of us know of. You're the only one that ever goes in there. Can you take me with you one time?" Jess smiled sweetly. 
"No." I said as I went to walk off. I was over this conversation. 
"Wait!" Jess said, grabbing my arm. 
I swung around and glared at her. No one touched me. No one dared. But this girl for some reason had the nerve to touch me. 
"What are you doing, Jess? Do you want him to kill you?" Boss asked, coming out of nowhere. 
"I just" Jess stammered, letting go of my arm. 
"She wants to see Ariya." I told him. 
"Why?" Boss asked, narrowing his eyes at her. 
He was suspicious of her now. Good. I hated Jess. If Jess was gone suddenly it wouldn't matter to me. It would just mean 1 less person for me to deal with later. 
"Not like that. I want to torture her. I want to punish the little traitor." Jess said quickly. 
"It's classified. Ariya is none of your business. Justin is in charge of dealing with her. No one is going in there except for him and I. No one. Not until I say. Do you have a problem with that?" Boss said, threateningly. 
"N..n..n..nnnno sir." Jess stammered. 
"Good. Now leave. Oh and Jess. If you touch Justin again, I can't promise you'll live to tell the tale. He has my full permission to do whatever he wants to someone that angers him. That includes killing them. Oh and do keep in mind, you might have super strength but Justin has fought and won against Navi." Boss cooed at her. 
After Jess turned and ran away, Boss looked at me. 
"Any progress?" He asked. 
"Nothing yet. I think the memories come when she sleeps. But I think it's more natural sleep that triggers a memory to come back." I told him. 
"Oh?" Boss looked at me, raising an eyebrow. 
"When she was knocked out after the first day she was actually awake, memories didn't appear. It wasn't until she fell asleep that she started getting them. She seems to get them more frequently since you took her off the table. They seem to be coming in every night." I explained. 
"HmmWhat makes someone fall asleep more naturally?" 
"Eating too much. A lot of exercise, people lose energy, they get sleepy. Temperature even." I answered. 
"Hmm Bring her extra food next time and see what happens. Let me know if she remembers anything. I have a couple of things to work out and we might be able to test the other two. Who knows, maybe Jess will get to fight Ariya sooner." Boss contemplated. 
"Didn't Ariya wipe the floor with Jess even before Ariya turned?" I laughed. 
"That's true, isn't it." Boss laughed with me, "In that case maybe I'll stick with my other idea. It's more fun for me anyway." 
I looked at Boss, curious. I didn't ask though. If he wanted to tell me he would. I knew when to ask questions when it came to Boss. I think he appreciated it. 
"You'll find out soon, Justin. I want to make sure it works the way I want it to before I show you." Boss said, seemingly giddy. 
That's how you knew it was really good. When he was excited about something. But at the same time he wanted to keep it a secret. Boss loved big reveals. The bigger the reveal the better. The more dramatic the better. He was a planner though. He always tried to be numerous steps ahead of everyone and everything but even I could tell that sometimes, some things, specifically Drake and the Navi got the better of him. 
"Thank you, by the way. For dealing with Jess." I told him. 
Boss waved his hand, "Don't mention it. She's annoying. But she's useful at times. I did mean what I said though. I know back then was a rough time for you. Don't think I don't remember you saving us both to get away from Drake." 
###chapter Seventy One
*Keothi*


"Someone's coming." I said, outloud. 
I was a bit on edge. Ariya and I hadn't swapped before and someone was coming. If it wasn't Ivan we might be in trouble. 
*If it's not Ivan you'll have to repeat everything I say, Keo.* Ariya said. 
*I forget that you all can hear my every thought. This is weird.* I told her. 
I heard the other 3 giggle in the background as the door opened. Ivan walked in but it wasn't Ivan. It was Justin. I growled internally, trying not to run after him. We knew the difference between Ivan and Justin. Ivan's hair would change and as Ariya said, he would flash his wolf eyes at her. But Justin's hair didn't have the white tips that Ivan's had and he didn't know about being a wolf so he couldn't use Ivan's parlor trick. 
*Easy, Keo. Give it a second. If someone was nearby he wouldn't say anything at first. His hair will change when they're far enough away.* Ariya told me. 
Justin looked at me and held up the bag he had in his hand, "Food." 
*Don't you dare. That's mine.* Ariya growled at me. 
I couldn't help it, I burst out laughing. If that was one thing that Ariya would fight me for it was food. We both loved food but only one of us wasn't getting a whole lot of it. I knew Ivan was doing the best he could but I knew going from eating normally to not eating a whole lot was difficult for her. 
*Keo! You're laughing in front of Justin, not Ivan! Control yourself!* Drake scolded me. 
I stopped laughing and looked at Justin. Justin cocked his head at me, clearly confused. It was no longer Justin though. His hair had changed and his white tips came back. Ivan was back and standing in front of me. I let out a sigh of relief as he flashed his wolf eyes at me. I couldn't help but stare as I watched his hair change and the white tips come back. It was kind of cool to see his hair change. Now I know why Ariya was so mesmerized. 
Ivan appeared to be glaring at me but I could tell the difference between his glare and his thoughtful face. His mind was running a mile a minute. He could tell something was off but he couldn't quite pinpoint it. Interesting. Maybe he wouldn't know when Ariya and I switched places. Ivan's wolf eyes glowed as he worked through the problem. 
"I wasn't gone that long, was I?" Ivan asked. 
"I mean it was a little while." I told him. 
"You guys figured it out already?" 
My jaw hit the floor. I stared at Ivan completely unsure of how he did it. Everytime. WIthout fail. This man was the only one that always knew when it wasn't Ariya. 
*I told you, he's mated to her. He'll always know if it's her.* Caleb laughed. 
"How did you know?" I asked Ivan. 
Ivan smirked, "Because I know when it's Ari. I'm guessing it's Keo in front of me right?" 
I gaped at him, "Yeah. But still. It shouldn't take you all of 2 milliseconds to figure it out." 
Ivan laughed, "You're not getting this food then. Sorry but Ari will kill me. She's hungry." 
I laughed harder, "Why do you think I started laughing shortly after you walked in. I literally was told 'Don't you dare. That's mine.' in a growl."
Ivan laughed with me, "That's definitely Ari. To answer your confusion from earlier, it's because it's all of you. Drake and Caleb gave you away." 
"What?" I asked, more confused than before. 
"You're all there, right?" 
"Yes." 
*He can smell the difference. He said there's only a slight difference with you and I, but Drake and Caleb are completely different. Because you and I are twins it's a little harder for him to tell but he said there's a slight difference.* Ariya told me. 
"That's how I can tell. Drake and Caleb gave you away. I can smell them in the background. If it was just you and Ari, you might have fooled me." Ivan told me. 
"Fool you, how?" I asked. 
"I can sense that Ari is there. I wasn't completely sure who was in control at first because of it. It's a lot harder to tell than before." Ivan explained. 
*Told you.* Ariya laughed. 
"I really can't wait for you to be in on the mind links, Ivan. It's no fun with one of you always out of the conversation." I told him. 
"We promised that we would wait to bond until we remember what it means to bond." Ivan said. 
"It's not that complicated." I told him. 
*It is, Keo. It's different for a wolf who is bonding when they find their mate.* Caleb said. 
"Something is telling me it is different. I just don't know what yet. So we're waiting to get those memories back." Ivan said. 
"What if you don't have that memory?" I asked. 
"I do. I feel it. I just don't remember it yet." Ivan said. 
"Speaking of feeling, I don't actually feel anything. I haven't felt anything since I took over. Ari, am I not fully connected or something?" I asked. 
*I don't know. Probably not if you can't feel anything. Try thinking of what the metal feels like on your wrists. The smell of the food. That might finish the connection.* Ariya said. 
I held my hands out like Ariya did and then took a deep breath. Ivan watched me curiously. I closed my eyes and tried to focus on sensations around me. As the metal on my wrists started to feel real, I realized all of my senses were hitting me at once. A raw hunger burned in my throat. My eyes flew open and my hands went to my head. I fell to the ground and Ivan rushed over concerned. He was worried about Ariya. Even though he knew I was in control at the moment he still felt it was Ariya. I growled trying to maintain control. 
*Oh no. Shoot. Keo! Switch back with me!* Ariya shouted desperately. 
I growled as my lip curled above my canines. My canines forced their way out, forming into fangs. I was hungry. Not just hungry, I was starving. I wantedneeded blood. I looked at Ivan as I bared my fangs at him. I wanted it. Now. 
###chapter Seventy Two
*Ariya* 


Ivan responded quickly and grabbed hold of Keo's hands, holding him in place. 
"Give her back control. NOW!" Ivan growled, his wolf eyes glowing. 
"Keo! Stop! Come back here! Please!" I begged. 
We watched everything that unfolded on screen. But what was worse is that everyone felt the hunger my body felt. The hunger I felt. It had affected Drake so much that he had dropped to his knees. He had one hand in a fist on the ground and the other was clutching his head. Keo materialized in front of us and my body in the physical world seemed to go limp. 
"I'm sorry!" I shouted running to Keo, helping him up. 
"Ari, you need to" Keo started. 
"I know! I just. I can't! Boss is regulating it. But I also don't know how to heal someone yet. I just. I don't want to hurt him." I interrupted Keo. 
"I don't know how you manage to stay in control." Keo said softly. 
"You should get out of here, Keo." Drake said, regaining his control. 
"I should go with him, that way he can feed." Caleb said. 
"I'm sorry." I said looking at the ground. 
I could feel them all looking at me and knew they all wanted to say something but I saw Drake shake his head and held his hand up stopping them. 
"Not now. After. When we're all under complete control again. Go. I'll meet you guys back there soon." Drake said. 
"Ari, it's ok." Keo said. 
"Don't stress about it. We'll talk to you soon." Caleb reassured me. 
I looked up in time to see them both disintegrate out of my mind. I looked over to Drake. 
"Don't. This is natural. Stop feeling bad. I want to know why you've waited so long though." Drake chided me. 
"Boss is regulating how much I get." I told him. 
"That's no excuse. Ivan is there and I know he would give you blood especially if he knew you needed it." Drake argued. 
"He had to shift first." I said, looking at the ground again. 
"True but he did that already. You're still making excuses. What's the real issue, Ariya?" Drake growled. 
I took a deep breath, "The first time I fed from him I almost killed him. He was Justin then. But still. Then when I lost control with him there, again it was Justin, he was disgusted with me. But since it's been Ivan, I can't bear the thought of him being disgusted with me. I fed from him once already. But it wasn't much. It was only a bit and it was on his finger and I'm afraid if I take too much I'll kill him. But I'm also scared because I don't know how to heal him and I just don't want to hurt him." 
The tears started to form in my eyes. I didn't want Drake to think I was ashamed of who I was. I was proud. But I was so confused. I'd been in the same situation that Ivan had been for a while now. The only difference was that I didn't remember the whole story. Sure Ivan had shifted and he was more himself now. But part of me was still terrified. I was scared of losing him. I loved Ivan. Since we were kids I've loved him. I didn't want to hurt him. 
Drake came over to me and wrapped his arms around me, "It's ok, Ariya. I know you're confused too. I never really got time to teach you. All of this is happening rather quickly and you are handling it in the only way you know how. I'm amazed by you. Most vampires couldn't handle controlling themselves with the level of hunger you feel. I'm proud of you, Ariya. But you need to go back. You need to feed. I know Ivan is going to be upset that you didn't tell him." 
"But I can't heal him. What if I hurt him? What if I kill him?" I started to panic. 
"You won't, because I'll still be here. You can always reach out to me at any point. You can even pull me into your mind to start teaching you and I will. Your level of control is astounding, Ariya. So I think by just explaining to you what you need to do, you'll be able to do it." 
"Ok." I said, still a bit unsure. 
"When it comes to healing, you need to think of putting things back together. You know how you thought of how the room felt and how big it was and all the details? That's pretty much how healing works. You need to visualize what you want to happen. Use a point of contact as the focus and then imagine how the wound is open. From there imagine it closing, imagine it going back together like nothing ever happened. I'm sure you'll be able to do it." Drake told me. 
"What if I hurt him or kill him? I don't want to take too much. We aren't bonded yet." 
"Think about how much blood he might have then and then only take a quarter of it. That should satisfy the craving enough for now. Tomorrow, do the same thing. Continue doing the same thing every day until the hunger is faint. Ivan is an Original Navi Wolf. He'll be able to handle that amount of loss daily pretty easily." Drake said. 
"But won't we get caught with Boss? He's regulating how much I get. Won't he figure out that Ivan's been feeding me if I suddenly can heal no problem?" I asked. 
"Possibly. But I might have a solution for that." Drake winked, "It will take some training but I think we can manage it. He's not torturing you yet, so as long as he doesn't go to it we have a bit of time. In the meantime, you can have Ivan tell Boss you're losing control so Boss can give you more. But it's probably better if you don't take what Boss is giving you. Just in case. It will be better if you take it from Ivan. You need to get back. He's going to start to worry." 
"Ok. You'll be available in case I need you?" 
"I won't feed on my side until I get the all clear from you. Ok? I need to lock your memories real quick before I go anyway. Oh and Ariya, Ivan's loved you since the day he saw you. You're never going to freak him out or disgust him. As long as it is him, you'll never have to worry about that." Drake said. 
I nodded and then focused on going back into the room. I held my arms out like I did before and focused on the room where I was being held by Boss. I opened my eyes and looked at Ivan. Drake had finished locking my memories while I was trying to get back. He severed the connection, leaving Ivan and I alone. 
"Ari, are you ok? What happened?" Ivan asked, flashing his wolf eyes at me. 
"I'm sorry. I just. I've been hungry and when Keo figured out how to get feeling back when he was here it hit him. I didn't realize how bad it was until Keo lost control and we all felt it in my mind." I said, looking down. 
"Ari, you need to tell me. I can't feel how you feel. So please. Don't hide it from me. Not now. Not ever." Ivan said softly, lifting my chin to look at me. 
"I just didn't want to hurt you" I trailed off. 
"Or see a face of disgust that I gave you when I was Justin?" Ivan looked sad. 
I nodded. 
"I am never going to look at you like that, Ari. I know I did when I was Justin but that isn't going to happen again. I'll give away that I'm a Navi wolf before I do that to you again." Ivan told me. 
"No. I don't want you getting hurt. I couldn't bear it." I pleaded with him. 
"I'm not going to continue hurting you. Maybe Drake can adjust the lock somehow. We'll talk to him about it later. But for now, you need to feed." Ivan told me. 
"But" 
"No buts, Ari. You can't hurt me. I'm an Original Navi Wolf. I know we haven't bonded yet, but you're not going to hurt me by feeding from me." Ivan said. 
Ivan leaned down and kissed me passionately. He knew it would take my mind away from my thoughts. As he parted my lips and explored my mouth with his tongue my fangs pushed their way out. I let myself feel my hunger as it built up in my throat. I growled in response. Ivan broke the kiss and grinned at me. He flashed his wolf eyes at me and cocked his head to the side giving me access. My eyes shot straight to his neck and I growled. I moved closer to him and scraped my teeth against his neck. He groaned in response as I whined just wanting to sink my teeth into his neck. 
"Please, Ari. Feed from me." Ivan begged, whispering in my ear. 
###chapter Seventy Three
*Ariya* 


Ivan begging me to feed from him sent me over the edge. I gave up control and my fangs slid into his neck. Blood filled my mouth and I drank greedily. I had only ever fed from Caleb like this before but for some reason, feeding from Ivan was so much better. He tasted so much better. It was harder to stay in control and I wanted to just keep going but I remembered what Drake told me. To only take a quarter of it. 
I pulled away, releasing Ivan's neck. The blood still pumped out and I panicked. I licked the blood preventing it from hitting his shirt and started focusing on closing the wound. I imagined the blood staying in his body. The 2 puncture wounds are getting smaller and then closing up. I imagined everything closed up. I took my mouth away from his neck and looked hoping the wound was closed. Much to my surprise it was. 
*It worked! Thank you, Drake!* I said, sending the link to him. 
*Not how I would have done it, but that works too.* Drake laughed. 
*What do you mean?* I asked, concerned. 
*Nothing. It's ok because you did that with Ivan. We'll work on you healing with your hands next time. I don't think you want to lick everyone. It might be a little too intimate.* Drake laughed. 
The feeling of dread came over me as I took in what Drake said. 
*Don't stress about it, Ariya. You did good. We can work on it moving forward. But now you know you can do it.* Drake told me. 
He locked the memories and severed the link. I looked Ivan up and down to make sure I didn't miss any of the blood anywhere. When I pulled away and looked back at him, his face was full of shock. 
Panic filled me, "I didn't hurt you did I?" 
Ivan shook his head, getting a grip on reality again, "No. Sorry. I just. UmI wasn't expecting you to heal me that way." 
My face turned beet red, "I'm sorry. I kinda panicked." 
Ivan's smile stretched across his face, "Always panic when you heal me then." 
I laughed, "For you, always when I feed from you. But I do need your help learning how to heal with my hands. I can't go licking everyone." 
"Yeah, no. That's reserved for me." Ivan laughed. 
Ivan leaned down and kissed me softly. 
"How are you feeling now?" He asked. 
"Still hungry but Drake said to only take a quarter for now. Just to do that more often until the hunger subsides more. But I don't want to do that if you aren't comfortable with it." I told him. 
"I'm completely comfortable with it. I actually wish it was tomorrow so you could again." Ivan said, flashing his wolf eyes at me. 
I blushed, "I don't get it. Why? Isn't it scary?" 
Ivan growled, "No it's not. Because I trust you. Also I know you can't kill me. I know we're not bonded yet but I know you can't kill me by feeding from me. It's not scary, Ari. It's hot. As an Original Navi Wolf, we actually NEED you guys to feed from us. Not sure why, but for us, we need you to. That's why our 2 groups worked together and lived together." 
"Need us to feed from you? Have you been fed on before?" I asked. 
"I don't remember. But I don't think so." Ivan told me. 
"Wouldn't that break the rule then? You were a wolf for 2 years before the attack. I know you wouldn't have in the last 14 years but you also didn't remember being a wolf at that time." 
"It probably would. But I think if I was able to avoid it, it was probably because of my age or because I was mated to you." Ivan explained. 
"I really wish we could remember everything already." I grumbled. 
"Give it time, Ari. We will. I get it though. I want to know more about the mate bond if I'm being honest." 
"You really want to be bonded that bad?" I asked. 
"With you, yes. Only if you want it though. I love you, Ari. But yes, my wolf is itching to be bonded with you. And to be let out now that I think about it." Ivan said. 
"I love you too, Ivan." I said, kissing him, "Wait, can you shift here?" 
"Maybe. I don't know for sure. Sometimes I end up howling. We don't need the whole building coming over." 
"Like an involuntary howl?" 
"Pretty much." Ivan laughed. 
"Did that always happen?" I asked. 
"Not sure. I don't think so. I don't think Caleb does it. I'd have to ask. I think it is only temporary though. It takes a bit to shift back too." Ivan said, his body shivered and his wolf eyes flashed. 
"You really need to shift. Just like I needed to feed." I told him. 
Ivan nodded, his body began to shake more and he cursed, "I don't think I can hold it back, anymore. I'm sorry, Ari." 
"Don't be. I want to see your wolf again. Let me try to put up a barrier. Just focus on not howling." I told him. 
Ivan cursed and I could tell he was fighting hard not to shift. His body shook aggressively as he clenched his jaw. I saw his wolf eyes flashing in and out. He got up quickly, took his shirt off and kicked off his shoes. I couldn't pull my eyes away but knew that I needed to. I closed my eyes and focused on putting a dome around us. A growl came from Ivan and I opened my eyes back up, looking at him. 
"Ari" He growled, desperately at me. 
I knew he couldn't hold it back much longer. His body swelled and the dome formed around us. 
"You're good, Ivan. Let go." I told him. 
Ivan's jaw unclenched and his breathing picked up. His body shook even more aggressively. His eyes went to his wolf's blue and he growled. He shook his head as his body shivered, starting to shift. It seemed to happen in one movement that his body moved violently and his wolf exploded out of him. Ivan stood in front of me growling for a second. I began to wonder if shifting hurt. I didn't think it did since Caleb never mentioned it hurting. But I think for Ivan it was aggressive since it had been so long. 
Ivan stood in front of me in his wolf form. I gazed in wonder at his wolf. His wolf's fur was much like his normal hair color. Black with white tips. His wolf eyes glowed blue. His wolf was massive though. Caleb was about the size of a very large dog. But Ivan on the other hand, I was staring face to face with his wolf. There were so many questions I would need to ask Caleb later. I reached my hand out touching the top of Ivan's head. Ivan's eyes closed and he pushed his head into my hand more. I giggled, scratching the top of his head. I pulled my hand away and Ivan looked at me and whined. I threw my arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. 
"I've missed you!" I said, nestling my head into his chest. 
###chapter Seventy Four
*Ivan*


Ariya threw her arms around my neck and hugged me tightly. I loved this. I loved her being close to me. She seemed to be warming up more to me but when we were younger this was the only time she was more affectionate with me. I think it was because I seemed so standoffish with her when I was human. When we were kids I basically looked like a puppy when I was in wolf form. My wolf was itching to be out and run. I couldn't run though. I might be able to tonight, but I would need to reach out to Caleb at least. I needed to get used to shifting again. It was so hard to hold back since I'd remembered who I was. Shifting was something that we had to do at least once a month. But I hadn't shifted for 14 years and apparently my wolf needed to make up for it. So anytime I realized I needed to shift it had to happen in the next 5 minutes. It was a good thing I couldn't remember I was a wolf when Boss and them were around. But it made it harder because when I was around Ariya or the others my wolf would try to force its way out. 
I leaned into Ariya hoping she would stay holding me. She giggled and sat down, bringing me with her. I lay down and rested my head in her lap. Shifting took a lot out of me for some reason. It zapped my energy, especially if I wasn't about to run. I think it was from resisting but I couldn't be sure. I laid there while she stroked my head. She loved messing with my ears. Who could blame her? They were usually the softest part of us. I loved how she just looked at me in awe. It made me happy. 
As I laid there resting my head in her lap my eyes started to flutter closed. I wanted to freeze this moment in time as it was. I wanted to be able to fall asleep in her lap without worry. 
"It's ok, Ivan. I will keep watch. Sleep." She said softly. 
Feeling her hand on my head sent me straight to sleep within seconds. I knew she would keep an eye out. I would just need to make sure I moved quick enough if needed. But we were in a black dome, no one could see in. I didn't want her to get punished for trying to protect me though. No one came in. Not even Boss. Not unless I brought him over. We should be fine. 
- -
*The Shadows held me down as I squirmed to get free so I could get to Ariya. They dragged her down the alley out of my sight. I couldn't lose her again. I had already lost her once tonight. I snapped my jaws at the Shadow's heels and clamped down on one of them successfully. The other had a different idea and brought a knife down and buried it into my shoulder. I howled in pain and anger. 
Ariya was getting further away from me. I growled and stopped when it felt like the rain was falling onto me. I looked up. It wasn't raining. The Shadow that had just stabbed me had been impaled. I sniffed the air hoping to catch Drake's scent. I couldn't smell him but I could smell Ariya. She was still nearby. I tried to get up but fell over. My shoulder wasn't usable in its current state. Something else wasn't right. Why wasn't Drake nearby? Who had impaled the Shadow? I looked around and my eyes widened. The other Shadows were impaled too. I caught a glimpse of Keo and saw the Shadows that had held him had been impaled. It was an energy manipulation ability that had impaled them but it was black. Keo started to fall to the ground. My body shivered as I shifted back quickly and ran over to catch him. 
"Please be alive." I whispered as I caught him.
I had to place Keo across my lap to be able to keep him steady. I wrapped my good hand around the blade to pull it from his chest. 
"Keo." A voice said followed by a thud. 
I looked over to the sound and realized it was Ari. She had gotten away. My heart skipped a beat as I saw her and then stopped when she fell. I set Keo down gently and ran over to her. 
"Ari! Come back to me!" I shouted at her as I lifted her up. 
She lay there unresponsive. I started to panic as I felt her heart slowing. 
"ARI!!!" I shouted, shaking her. 
Still nothing. 
"Somebody help me! Please!" My voice cracked as I screamed, desperate to save her. 
My body shivered violently and I shifted back to my wolf form. I howled. The pain and fear coming through. I couldn't communicate with anyone. Derek was dead. I had no idea where Caleb was. I had no idea where Drake was. Keo was probably dead and Ariya. The one person who I loved more than anything in this world. She was slipping away right in front of me. I howled something awful again, hoping that someone would come. 
"Ivan?" A voice cracked behind me. 
I whirled around. Caleb! I whined and nudged Ariya. Caleb's eyes grew wide as he looked around. I tried to say something but I was still in wolf form so it came out as a mix between a whine and a bark. I was so scared and Ariya's heart was slowing more, threatening to stop at any moment. My heart felt like it was being shattered. I couldn't let her die. I screamed as much as anyone could scream in wolf form. 
"Ivan" Caleb cried out. 
He knew. He knew that Ariya was dying and I couldn't do anything about it. Caleb knew I was mated to her and that I would only wish to be dead if she was gone. I needed her. She couldn't disappear. I wouldn't be able to survive. I would burn the world to the ground if she died. 
"Oh my God" A voice breathed. 
I knew it was Drake but I couldn't focus on anything else. Nothing other than Ariya. Drake rushed over to us and put his hand at her throat checking her pulse. His eyes went wide as he realized her pulse was slowing more. He moved her to lay on her back. 
"Caleb, get Keo and Derek over here please. I'm going to heal Ariya." Drake instructed. 
Drake put his right hand on Ariya's head and his left over her chest. He closed his eyes as he focused on healing her. Caleb brought Keo over and laid him down on his back near Ariya. I whined, my eyes still locked on her. I needed her to be ok. 
Drake removed his hands, "She's ok. I think she used too much power." 
"What do you mean?" Caleb asked, confused. 
"Look around Caleb. All the Shadows are dead." 
"I thought you did that." Caleb said. 
"Not even close. Besides, my energy manipulation isn't black. But I'm guessing Ariya's is." 
"But she's only 9 and she's never used her ability before. How would she be able to do all of this?" 
"By the look of everything, I'm guessing she was really desperate." Drake said. 
Drake put his hand around Keo's neck and his face fell. He did the same thing with Derek. I didn't need to ask. I already knew. 
"They're dead, aren't they?" Caleb asked. 
Drake nodded sadly, "Yeah." 
Keo's eyes flew open and he screamed, making all 3 of us jump. 
"Maybe not!" Drake said, alarmed.*
###chapter Seventy Five
*Ivan*


*"We need to get the blade out of his chest!" Drake shouted desperately. 
He gripped the sword and tugged it out. Keo started bleeding very quickly. Drake cursed and put both of his hands over the hole that was there and started healing him as fast as he could. I watched in awe but knew that Drake wasn't going to be able to heal Keo in time. I whined softly and tried to put my head on Ariya but ended up falling over since I couldn't use my shoulder. 
Drake cursed again, "It's not working. He's losing too much blood." 
"What do we do?" Caleb asked, frantic. 
"I don't know." Drake growled. 
He was beginning to lose control. Neither Caleb or I had bonded with anyone yet. We were waiting for Keothi and Ariya to turn. Since I was mated to Ariya, as long as she was ok with it we had planned on me bonding with her. Caleb had said he would be happy to bond with Keo. Those 2 were like brothers at times. But nothing would beat the bond that Ariya and Keothi had. They were twins after all. 
Drake growled, his teeth forcing their way out and his eyes changing. He was hungry. Caleb went to reach out to Drake but stopped. Drake was one of those people that we never saw lose control. No one really knew how old he was but he had been around so long that he was always in control. WIth Derek dead and Caleb and I not being bonded we weren't sure what to do. Derek was the one that was teaching us everything. My body shivered as I shifted back. 
"What can we do?" I asked Drake. 
Drake was holding his head, fighting his hunger. It took a couple minutes but he won the battle. 
"Nothing. I'll be fine." Drake said. 
Caleb and I looked at each other, worried. 
Keo had stopped screaming when Drake went to heal him. Now he laid there like he had before. Completely still. 
"His heart is too damaged. I can't fix it." Drake choked out. 
Drake pulled Keothi into his lap. His breathing picked up and I realized Drake was sobbing. Drake had lost almost everything tonight. His home, his daughter - Ariya and Keothi's Mom, Derek, and now Keothi. Though many people died tonight, we weren't sure who was still alive or not. I was pretty sure there weren't many of us left. Keo choked out his last breath and stilled. We all sat there in silence as the rain began pouring down on us. The silence didn't last long because Keo's eyes flew open again and he screamed in agony. His body arched and withered in pain. All of our eyes went wide with shock as we didn't know what was happening. Keothi's lip curled above his canines and his canines forced their way out forming into fangs. We all gasped as we realized that Keo was turning. I felt a weight lift off of me, knowing that he was going to be ok. Keo continued screaming in agony for a little bit longer and then stilled again. 
"He needs to feed." Drake said, "That's the only way that he'll fully transition." 
"I'll do it." Caleb said. 
I opened my mouth to say something but Caleb continued, "We've had a plan for a few years now, Ivan. You bond with Ariya and I will bond with Keothi." 
Drake and I nodded at Caleb. He wasn't wrong, we had planned this for a few years. Once we knew for sure we were Original Navi Wolves we had decided that we would bond with the twins since we knew they were Blood Born Navi. Caleb wasted no time and sliced his hand open so that he could complete the transition for Keo. Once Keo came to and was coherent then Caleb and him could bond. It had to be a mutual decision. Caleb and Keo's bond would be a lot simpler since it wasn't also a mate bond. 
As Caleb fed Keothi, I checked on Ari again. I was worried about her. I was pretty sure that the energy manipulation came from her but no one had seen her do it. But for it to almost kill her is what worried me.
"She's ok, Ivan." Drake told me. 
"I know. It doesn't help my concern about her though." I grumbled. 
Drake put his hand on my shoulder to console me and I winced in pain. 
"When did that happen?" Drake asked, concerned. 
"Right before the Shadows were all impaled. I was trying to fight them off to get to Ari." I said. 
Drake nodded, "That explains them getting impaled." 
"What?" I asked but he didn't answer. 
Drake had me move a bit so he could look at my shoulder. He ripped the blade out quickly and I gasped. I could feel the wound starting to close as Drake began healing me. 
"What are we going to do?" I asked him. 
"About what?" 
"Everything. What do we do now?" 
After a long pause Drake finally answered me, "I don't know. We're the only ones left. Unless anyone was captured. I'm pretty sure everyone is dead." 
"How do we find out if anyone was captured? Could we check all the bodies and identify that everyone is accounted for?" Caleb asked. 
Keo had stilled again after Caleb finished feeding him. He was unconscious. Just like Ari. They were both basically dead to the world right now. 
"No, we can't. They used fire. We don't know how many they brought and too many people died from being burned alive. We wouldn't be able to identify everyone even if we tried." Drake said, sadly. 
My stomach churned at the thought of being burned alive. My mind went back to Ariya and Keothi's Mom. I pushed the thought away quickly before it went to my parents. Now wasn't the time to have my feelings. I brushed my good hand across Ariya's face. Drake was still healing me when another scent hit me. 
"Someone's coming." I said. 
Drake cursed, "They know that there's still some of us left." 
"They're not going to stop until they know we're all dead, specifically you." I told him. 
"What do we do?" Caleb asked. 
"How far out are they?" Drake asked. 
"We have some time. Not a lot, though. Maybe 10 minutes. They're moving really slowly." I told him. 
Drake cursed, "We need to infiltrate them. Find out if they have anyone and then work our way from there. I have to stay with Keothi, he just turned so he's going to need a lot of training." 
"That leaves Ariya and I left." I said. 
"What am I? Chopped liver?" Caleb growled. 
"You need to stay with Keo. Or did you forget?" I laughed. 
"Wait." A soft voice said to our right. 
We all looked over to see who the voice came from. Derek. He was still alive. I wasn't sure how but he was. He was barely hanging on though. 
"Derek?" Drake moved closer to him, trying to see if he could heal him. 
"I don'thave muchtime" Derek choked out. 
Drake closed his eyes, assessing the damage. When he opened them a grim look was on his face. 
"Drakelisten to me. Lockthe memoriesespeciallythe bond." Derek continued. 
"What? Why?" Drake asked him. 
"No time. They're coming. Feed fromme." Derek forced out, coughing up blood. 
"If I do that you'll die faster." Drake growled. 
"Youhave to. Only way. DrakePlease."
The look on Drake's face was full of pain. Derek and him had been around each other for a long time. Even Caleb and I weren't sure how long they'd been bonded. They might as well be brothers. I knew it was going to be hard for Drake to be the one to end Derek. But Drake did as Derek asked. It didn't take long. Derek didn't have much left in him. When Drake was done his eyes went wide for a second before he masked his expression. I wanted to ask but we were running out of time. 
"Ivan, you need to be the one to infiltrate." Drake told me. 
"I'm not leaving Ariya." I growled. 
"You have to. Caleb, get her out of here. You and her need to hide in plain sight. But hide. She hasn't turned yet. Ivan, you need to infiltrate. You're the only one that can fake being old enough. When you shifted the first time you guys seemed a bit older than you actually are. It happens because your body goes through so much when you first shift. You're the closest one to being 18. I'll train Keo on my own. Caleb will take Ariya somewhere safe and hide in plain sight. If no one is there after you infiltrate then you can get out of there, find Caleb and Ariya and then we'll all find each other." 
"No. I don't like it. Why can't we just get out of here, get somewhere safe and then come up with a plan?" I growled. 
"This is the only chance we'll have to infiltrate. It's not forever, Ivan. It's only for a little bit." Drake told me. 
My wolf eyes flashed and I growled. My body began to shiver. I was angry. I didn't want to leave Ariya. Especially now. She needed me. I needed her. I needed to protect her. 
"I'll look after her, Ivan. I promise. She'll be ok." Caleb told me. 
"Don't you dare be too far from me if you're watching her." I growled. 
"I'll be close by." Caleb promised. 
I glared at Drake with hate in my eyes, "So what, you lock my memories?" 
"Yes. I'm sorry, Ivan. I'm also going to have to lock your memories of Ariya as well." Drake said and grabbed my head. 
###chapter Seventy Six
*Ariya*


Someone was coming. I shook Ivan to wake him up. The fear creeping in of us getting caught. I couldn't risk Ivan getting hurt. I couldn't risk him being used against me. Ivan jolted awake and looked at me. 
"Someone's coming. Shift back!" I whispered urgently. 
Ivan's body shivered as he shifted back to his human form. I grabbed his shirt and threw it at him. 
"Ari, you need to pretend to lose control. Boss needs to give you more blood and we're going to have to explain the dome." Ivan said quickly. 
"The dome is already gone. I got rid of it when I woke you. I can lose control though. Just promise me it's ok." I told him. 
Ivan looked around and realized there wasn't a dome. His hair was changing back as he put his last shoe on. 
"It's ok. I promise. I'm still here, even like this. I'm just blocked from showing you." Ivan told me. 
His hair changed back and I felt my memories begin to fade. Ivan moved toward the back wall so I couldn't touch him. His memories would have faded and he was now Justin again. I looked at him and thought about how his blood tasted. A growl escaped me and Justin nodded at me. I made a mental note to ask him later. 
I let myself feel my hunger. I thought about how it felt to feed for the first time. I thought about the hunger I felt. I thought about how his blood tasted. My tongue moved back and forth across my canines as they pushed out into fangs. I stopped resisting my urges. I growled at Justin baring my fangs. 
"Ariya! Get a hold of yourself!" Justin shouted at me. 
The door clicked and Boss came in as I lunged at Justin. The restraints halted my movement but not for long. I pulled roughly at my right restraint and it ripped out of the wall. Justin's eyes grew wide as I lunged myself towards him again. Before I was able to grab him around the neck I was in the air. Boss used his gravity ability and forced me down into the ground just like the last time. I broke my fall with my face and blood gushed from my nose. 
"What is going on here?!" Boss shouted. 
"I have no idea. One second she was fine and the next she just lost control." Justin answered. 
"How long has it been since she last had any blood?" Boss asked. 
Boss kept an immense amount of pressure on me, keeping me pinned to the floor. I wriggled around trying to move and he increased the pressure. I felt my bones crack under the pressure. 
"The last time I fixed her bones. That was the last time I gave her any." 
Boss cursed, "Go get a couple bags. Hurry. I'm not going to be able to keep this much pressure on her for long." 
Justin nodded and ran to the door. 
"Oh and Justin, if you breathe a word about my ability, I'll kill you." Boss said before Justin left the room. 
"Now, what do we do about you?" Boss cooed at me. 
I growled in response and Boss lifted me up into the air again. 
"Get a grip, Ariya. I know we forgot to give you blood consistently but he'll be back soon." Boss told me. 
I swiped at the air trying to get closer to him but didn't move anywhere. Boss's ability was weird. He could control the gravity around me and make it increase or decrease but when I was in the air it was like I was being held in the air. Like a force held me in place. I didn't understand it. 
"Maybe pain will bring you back. Or knock you out. Either way it works for me." Boss said as he forced his hand down again to drop me against the ground. 
This time I managed to put my hand out to prevent me from breaking my fall with my face. Bad move. My arm snapped and I screamed in pain. The pain brought me back to my senses but the hunger increased. My eyes changed but my fangs remained out. I looked up at Boss. 
"PleaseHelp me" I begged. 
"Help you how? What do you want me to do? Justin is running to grab blood for you. You just need to stay in control." Boss told me. 
I nodded at him as I fought for control. I tried focusing on the pain in my arm and nose instead of the hunger I felt. I took slow, deep breaths. I sat up and cradled my broken arm with my other hand. Boss watched me, curiously. 
"What are you thinking about?" Boss asked me. 
"The pain." I told him. 
"It's working. So keep focusing on that. I'll break your leg next time though. That will immobilize you a bit." 
Justin burst into the room carrying a couple bags of blood. My eyes shot straight to it and I growled. The hunger began to take over again. I didn't want the bags though. I wanted to feed straight from Justin. I lunged at Justin again and wrapped my hand around his neck, pinning him to the wall. Justin dropped the bags of blood on the ground and used an open hand jab at my arm to break contact off of his neck. He stepped off to the side as he did and hook shot me in the rib cage. I gasped for breath but before I could move Justin front kicked me to create some distance. He grabbed a bag of blood from the ground and as I went to get up he shoved it in my mouth and pushed my jaw upward so I bit into the bag. The blood gushed into my mouth and my eyes went wide. I drank greedily until the bag was empty. 
I let the bag fall to the ground. My eyes went back to normal and my fangs receded. I looked at Boss worried about what he was going to do to me. He had told me if I pulled a restraint from the wall he was going to chain me back to the table. 
"Relax, Ariya." Boss told me as if he could read my mind. 
"I'm sorry." I said, looking at Boss and Justin and then to the ground. 
"Pull the other restraint off the wall. Since that arm isn't broken. I want to see you do it now that you're in control." Boss told me. 
I looked at him confused but did as he said. I pulled at the other restraint but it wouldn't budge. I released some of the tension and then used all my strength to pull it as hard as I could. I expected the force I put on it to be more than needed since I was using all of my strength but the opposite happened. I screamed in pain as I pulled my other arm out of its socket. Both of my arms were unable to be used. Boss and Justin flinched in pain. 
"Well that had to hurt." Boss said, "You didn't need to go that far. But I appreciate the effort." 
"What do we do about the other restraint being off?" Justin asked. 
"That was part of why I was coming over here. One of my toys got finished today. I was going to give you more privileges, Ariya. Then you lost control. I'm debating on giving it to you now. It looks like Justin can still handle fighting a Navi, so I'm sure it will be fine, but you need to tell Justin or I if you need something." Boss said. 
"What do you mean?" I asked, unsure. 
"Exactly what I said. Tell us when you need something. Or want something. Is there anything you need or want right now, Ariya?" Boss asked me. 
I shifted uncomfortably, "I didn't think I was allowed to request anything, being that I'm a prisoner." 
"Typically no. But I'm being generous. You've been useful and cooperative. This is your reward. A need is different than a want though. Keep that in mind. If you need blood, you need to say so. I don't know how much you guys actually need. I don't want you to be able to escape but I don't need you trying to eat Justin either. So if you NEED something you should tell us. A want though is something that you would like to have. Is there anything you would LIKE to have, Ariya?" 
I thought about it, "There's a lot I want. Like a bed, a pillow, and a blanket. To be able to be with Drake, Keo, Caleb, and Ivan. To get my memories back. To not be chained up. To not have broken bones. To go home. To learn how to control myself. To learn how to control my abilities. The list goes on and on if you're asking what I want. I do need more blood though." 
"You're not going back to the Navi. That isn't going to happen. But I understand. You're also not going home either. But the rest, we can do something about. Mostly. I won't give you an actual bed yet but I will give you a mat, a blanket, and a pillow. Your memories are coming back so those you'll just need to be patient for. Justin can fix your bones in a second and then we'll change the chained up situation. Control is going to take time but I will think of something on that. I'd rather you be able to control yourself so I can learn more anyway." Boss told me. 
I looked at him shocked, "You're really going to give me a mat? And a blanket? And a pillow? And you aren't going to chain me up?" 
Boss laughed, "As long as you continue to behave. Do we have a deal?" 
"Yes." I said. 
"Good. Justin, fix her bones, give her more blood, and then take her restraints off. You'll be replacing her restraints with these." Boss said holding out 2 black bracelet looking things. 
Justin raised his eyebrow, "There's only 2 of them." 
"One will go on her left wrist. The other on her right ankle. Ariya, if you try to escape, the second you walk out of the building you'll be electrocuted. Understood?" 
I nodded, "That's why there's only 2. It completes the circuit."
"Exactly." Boss laughed, "Crossing both hemispheres of the body will lock you up when you get electrocuted. Oh and because you're a Navi, the voltage is a lethal amount for any normal person. For you, I'm guessing it will just knock you out." 
Justin took the 2 bracelets from Boss, "What would you like me to do with the ones in here?" 
"Just move them to storage. Oh and after all that is done, when you go out to get food again, make sure to bring a mat, blanket, and pillow back for her. A deal is a deal, Ariya. Behave and you get to keep what you have so far. Misbehave and you can go right back to being restrained to the table." 
###chapter Seventy Seven
*Ariya*


"What bones are broken, Ariya?" Justin asked me. 
Boss looked at him confused, "What?" 
"She can tell me what bones are broken. It makes it easier and not as weird. I'd really rather not just go feeling her up. It's kinda rude honestly, but if I have to I will." 
Boss laughed, "That's interesting. I didn't know you could do that." 
I nodded, "I'm not sure how accurate I can be but I can tell what my body is trying to heal but can't." 
"Can you feel the full pain of it?" Boss asked me. 
"Yes. I feel it just like anyone else feels it. It just doesn't stick around. When I heal from an injury, hunger replaces the pain." 
"Interesting. So you have to have a regular amount of blood but that increases when you get injured. What happens if you never get any blood?" Boss asked. 
"Apparently she gets stronger and can't control herself. We just saw that a bit ago, Boss." Justin jumped in. 
"Yes, but what does it feel like, Ariya?" Boss asked me. 
"It's the only thing I can think about and then at some point, I go blank. I don't remember. It's like I'm unconscious and my body is moving on its own." I answered him. 
"Basically the vampire part of you takes over. The demon side. Does it talk?" Boss asked. 
"I'm not sure. I don't think so. I think that's me. I gained a bit of control back and was able to say something to you." I said. 
"Interesting. We'll have to test it at some point. I want to know when you lose yourself and what it takes to bring you back." Boss told me. 
"Please don't test it. I can tell you. I lose myself when I'm starving. It feels like I haven't eaten in weeks even though it hasn't been that long. It takes someone I care about to bring me back or for me to feel something over the hunger I feel." I told him. 
"Don't act like you care about me, Ariya. I was the only one in here when you started to get some control back. As for the starving part, I need something more concrete than just starving. That point will likely be different for each person." Boss scoffed at me. 
"Part of me still does care." I whispered. 
"What's that?" 
"Part of me does care. You took me in, Boss. You and Justin trained me. I wasn't your right hand like Justin, but I felt like I was at times. I didn't care about everyone here but I do care about some of you. Even if you all hate me now. Part of me still cares. That's why Keo didn't kill everyone. I asked him not to. That point of starving is different for everyone. I'm sure Drake has a very high threshold. But he's been around for a long time. Mine is probably significantly lower since I didn't turn that long ago. You gave me 1 bag of blood so far. It barely took the edge off and I now have 2 broken arms and a broken nose. It will likely take 6 more bags before I'm full." I told Boss. 
"Why don't we use a scale? Scale of 1 to 10. Ariya is at 6 now. 7 is where she loses control." Justin proposed. 
"Do it. But make sure we give her blood more consistently. I don't really want to deal with her losing control on accident. Oh, and Ariya, you were a right hand. Not as much as Justin, but still up there. Why do you think you're earning things and not being tortured?" 
"I honestly don't know why. I kinda expected you to kill me when you found out." I told him. 
Boss laughed, "Oh I wanted to at first. I still think you're a monster, but I also understand why you didn't say anything. Justin, get her fixed up, feed her regular food and give her blood. Make sure you change out the restraints and get the mat, pillow, and blanket. I'll let the guards up front know." 
"Yes sir." Justin said as Boss left. 
Justin walked up to me, "Nose first?" 
I opened my mouth to say something but decided against it. We needed to be careful. I wanted to ask if he knew he was Ivan or who he was to me when he was Justin. But I knew the only reason why he would be Justin in front of me was because someone else was around. Boss had left but he hadn't gotten far enough away yet. We needed to be cautious because we didn't know if Boss ever left a spy to watch us. If he did, Justin wouldn't go back to being Ivan. But that also meant I shouldn't talk to Justin like he was Ivan. It meant it wasn't safe. I wanted to ask but I knew I couldn't. 
"Yes, Ariya." Justin told me like he read my thoughts. 
I breathed a sigh of relief. I was still worried about it but I was more worried about the pain and hunger I was about to feel. Ivan flashed his wolf eyes at me and looked at me apologetically as his hair changed back. 
"Don't do that." I told him quickly. 
"But" Ivan started. 
"No. We needed to and I did lose control. It needed to happen. It's going to happen a lot. Me getting hurt that is. But it's only temporary. Don't blame yourself. Please." I interrupted. 
"I'm sorry, Ari. I'm still going to blame myself when you get hurt. Especially when it was my idea and when I hurt you. And yes, Ari. I still know when I'm Justin that I'm actually Ivan. I still know that I love you. I still know what happened before. I just don't remember being a wolf. I think that's what I've been fighting. The wall that's in my mind is the one that prevents my wolf from coming out when others are around. But if I'm already in wolf form it doesn't change anything. I can access it if I really need it, I think. But it is blocked otherwise. I can't show you that I know." Ivan told me. 
"Boss really trusts you." I told him. 
"He does. I think that's why we don't have to worry about anyone watching. But I don't think that means we shouldn't be careful." 
"I agree. Ivan?" 
"Yes, princess?" Ivan asked, his wolf eyes flashing at me. 
"Can you actually fix my shoulder first? It hurts really bad. I think my body is trying to heal and it's hurting more." 
"Of course. We need to talk about Boss though. His ability and what happened before I got back here. Before you fed and I shifted. I'll fix everything first and then we need to have you drink some blood. You can take some from me too." Ivan said. 
"If I take too much blood from you, you'll lose your strength and then they might notice. It's better to stay at the 25% like Drake said. Boss is allowing you to give me more blood now so I'll be ok soon." 
Ivan nodded and then gently placed his hands around my shoulder. He winced when he felt how it was out of place. My breathing picked up a little. I was worried about the pain. Then I remembered what Drake told me. The pain is only temporary. It isn't going to last forever. 
"I'm going to fix each of them as fast as I can, ok? Try to stay still." Ivan told me. 
I nodded and Ivan pulled my arm out a little further and forcefully pushed it into place. I screamed in pain as Ivan went to my other arm. He did the same thing and moved to my nose. After he fixed my nose, blood gushed out of it. I choked as the blood rushed down the back of my throat. I coughed, spitting the blood out. It only lasted a minute but it still freaked me out. It felt like I was drowning in my own blood. Ivan stayed close by making sure I was ok. I dropped to the ground on my knees and Ivan caught me. He held me in his arms as I sobbed. 
"You need to feed. The pain will stop when you do. I'm sorry, princess." Ivan said softly. 
Ivan offered his wrist to me since I still couldn't move my arms. They were trying to heal but the pain was unbearable. I didn't want to feed from him too much. I didn't want him to seem weaker in front of everyone. They would figure out that he was Ivan if I did. 
"It's ok, Ari. I'll be ok. Just take a bit. Then I'll grab the blood bags in the corner and you can take those too. Just get the edge off. Please." Ivan said, his hand on my face and his thumb rubbing back and forth softly on my cheek. 
I nodded and turned my head to bite his wrist. I put my mouth over his wrist as my fangs pushed their way out, they also punctured his wrist. Ivan let out of a small sound that was a mix between a gasp and a moan. His wolf eyes glowing at me as I fed. I did what he said and only took a little bit. The edge of the pain taken off, I released his wrist and closed the wound with my tongue again. He grabbed the blood bags and had me drink them. Ivan then took the restraints off my wrists and ankles. He set it on the other side of the room. 
Ivan's back was to me and I realized I could surprise him. I ran over and hopped on his back, giggling. Ivan laughed, catching me. His body shivered and he turned and looked at me. His wolf eyes glowing blue. They seemed darker than normal.
"Put a barrier up, Ari." Ivan smirked at me. 
###chapter Seventy Eight
*Ariya*


I laughed as I hopped off of Ivan's back and focused on putting the dome up. The dome started to take shape and Ivan's eyes grew wide and fearful. 
"Ivan? What's wrong?" I asked him, worried. 
His breathing picked up and I could see the panic taking over. He might have been in front of me but he wasn't mentally there. I took a step closer to him. 
"Ivan?" 
Ivan's attention snapped back to reality and he looked at me. He moved quickly to me, scooping me into his arms. Ivan buried his head into my shoulder and took a few deep breaths. I wrapped my arms around him. 
"I'm here, Ivan. Everything's ok. I'm right here." I whispered softly. 
Ivan's body started to relax and he spoke, "I had a memory. Before Boss came in. When I fell asleep. I think it's why it's so aggressive when I shift. My last shift. I was terrified. I thought you were going to die. You did die. For a moment. At least I think you did. Keo died. Derek died. I was useless to try to protect any of you. I forgot until you started to put the dome up. It hit me when you did. The Shadow's that were over me. They were going to kill me. The only reason I'm alive is because you killed them." 
"That's not possible. Ivan, I was 9 years old. I hadn't activated my ability yet by then." 
"Emotions are a powerful thing. I think you did activate them that night. Both you and Keo. But Keo died and turned instead. You came back. But I think you did and when Drake locked your memories I think he blocked your abilities too. Like you said, you were 9. The best way to hide you was in plain sight and it worked." 
"Is that why you were so scared?" I asked him. 
Ivan nodded, "I thought you were going to die and I listened as your heartbeat slowed. I couldn't get you out of there and I couldn't talk to anyone. I can't lose you, Ari. I won't survive if I lose you." 
"I'm not going anywhere." I told him. 
"I lost you once already. And then you died and I wasn't there. You shouldn't have turned because you died. It was supposed to happen when you hit your prime age. Not before. I'm sorry." Ivan's body began shaking. 
I took his face in my hands and made him look at me, "Ivan, I'm not going anywhere. I'm right here. I'm ok. If I hadn't turned then we would have to wait longer to get our memories back. We wouldn't be right here together. I'm happy that I have you back. Yes, dying was scary. This is scary. But I have you back and I want to be here in your arms." 
Ivan's eyes glowed blue as he kissed me softly on the lips. My body melted into his. 
"I'm yours Ari. Only yours. Whatever you want, I will make it happen. You only have to say it." 
"I want you, Ivan. Everything else will come in time. I just want to be here in your arms." I told him. 
"You have me." Ivan told me. 
"Think we'll get the memory back on how we bond?" I asked, grinning at him. 
Ivan's eyes glowed blue and his body shivered as he grinned at me, "I hope so. But are you sure that's what you want? It might mean a number of things. I know why that memory is missing though." 
"As long as you want it, I want it too. I don't want to force you into anything but then again I don't know what it entails either. What do you mean you know why the memory is missing?" I asked. 
"Derek. He didn't die right away. Something happened. I'm not exactly sure I know what it is. I'm not even sure if Drake knows. But Derek is the reason that Drake locked it. Oh and Ari, you're the one I don't want to force into anything. Please remember, I'm the one that feels the mate bond to you. Not the other way around." 
I giggled, "I can feel it, Ivan. I always felt something towards you. I don't remember it but I know I loved you. Keo is the one that pointed it out to me and as soon as I remembered you, everything was back. Feeling wise. I don't remember all the details. But I know I have strong feelings for you." 
Ivan grinned, "I'm glad you feel it. I know I've always felt something too. Even if I didn't always show it. I need to talk to Drake though. About what I remember. See if he remembers anything." 
"Do you want me to reach out to him?" I asked. 
"Yes, but only to set up how we are going to meet up. I need to talk to him face to face." Ivan said, seriously. 
"Should it wait until tonight or do you want to do that while you go out and get me food, a blanket and a mat?" I asked him. 
Ivan's eyes grew wide, "I forgot to tell you. When I got back everything was so chaotic at first and then it all happened so fast. It feels like a long time ago. Before I got into the room when you and Keo had switched. I ran into Boss and Jess." 
"What happened?" 
Ivan growled, "I don't like her. Jess was taunting me about you because no one has seen you since you turned. Only Boss and I are allowed here and the others are getting antsy. Boss mentioned torturing you but they haven't seen anything or I guess heard anything yet. I think Jess realizes that you're getting things like food. I tried to ignore her and walk off but she grabbed my arm." 
I laughed, "That was stupid. Did you rip it off? If memory serves me correctly you give 1 word answers to pretty much everyone unless absolutely necessary to tell someone more. You really only talk to Boss and you would kinda talk to me but you were still short when you were Justin." 
Ivan laughed with me, "True. I think I was pretty short when we were kids too though." 
"Not when you were a wolf. You didn't have to talk but you would let me hang all over you. I remember Mom telling me not to bug you too much but you never seemed to mind me laying on you or giving me a ride on your back." 
Ivan blushed, "I wasn't sure how to express how I felt. We were so young and I was older than you. I tried to keep my distance. I felt like when I was in wolf form I didn't scare you as much. I loved it when you'd fall asleep laying on me. I loved giving you a ride. I loved it when you would wrap your arms around my neck. I didn't feel so scared that I couldn't talk to anyone and you were close to me." 
"I honestly was always worried that I was bugging or bothering you. Keo used to tell me you liked me but I didn't believe him. So he'd tease me when no one else was around because he knew I liked you. So you didn't tell me, did you rip off Jess's arm?" 
Ivan laughed, "No, but Boss did tell her that I was authorized to kill her if she annoyed me." 
"Shut up. Are you serious?" I laughed, amazed. 
"Completely. She was so scared it was kinda funny. I had to hold back from laughing. But Boss wants you to sleep more. I think there's something he's looking for in your memories. I'm not sure what it is though." 
"It might just be identifying you, well identifying who Ivan is. Boss is probably stressed about someone being here that he doesn't know who it is. He wants the upper hand but he knows my memories are locked on the plan. He wants to have the whole puzzle in front of him. Instead he has to actually work a little harder." 
"It might be a good idea to tell Boss what my hair looks like. He might overlook everyone." Ivan told me. 
I shifted uncomfortably, "I don't want to do anything that's going to risk putting you in danger. I won't be ok if something happens to you." 
"I promise to let you know if I feel even slightly off. If I feel like there is even the slightest suspicion I promise to tell you." Ivan swore to me. 
"If that happens, we're leaving. With or without our memories. I can't lose you." I told him. 
"Deal. But Ari, I need you to know, I can't lose you either. I don't like that Boss is hurting you. I know you said you want to take it for training purposes but I don't like it." 
"I promise I'll let you know if I can't handle it anymore. Ok?" I offered. 
Ivan hesitated, "Ok." 
"So when we bond, are we going to be able to talk through our mind?" I asked him. 
"I think so. I feel like it's different with a mate bond and that's why I can't talk to anyone but I think we can still talk. I think it's more that I can't talk to anyone until we bond." Ivan said. 
"Do you think we'll be able to talk when you're Justin?" I asked. 
"I think so. I hope so. I think that's part of what makes it to where I'm not raising any suspicion. I remember but I don't remember." Ivan told me. 
###chapter Seventy Nine
*Ariya*


"Can we wait just a bit longer before we tell Boss about your hair?" I asked him. 
"Yes, but we can't wait too long. He'll get suspicious and he might start to figure out that you can talk to the others if we wait too long. If that happens, there's no telling what he'll do." Ivan said, concerned. 
"I just want us to be able to bond first. That's it. I want to make sure that we can communicate without struggling or waiting for everyone to be gone. I want to know that we can let the other know immediately of any danger. I want to make sure that I am not going to lose you before we get a chance to bond." I whispered. 
Ivan looked at me lovingly, "I'm sure we'll get the memories back soon, princess. But so you know, I feel the same." 
I looked at Ivan, questioningly and he blushed but didn't say anything. We both knew. We just wanted to have our memories back before saying it. We'd already said it for the most part but not directly. 
I stayed in Ivan's arms for a little longer before he sighed. 
"If we wait too long, Boss might get suspicious about why I didn't immediately go get food and everything. Besides, I want to go get the blanket for you." Ivan grinned. 
I looked at him suspiciously, "What are you planning?" 
"Everything, princess." Ivan laughed, "But on a serious note, I do need to get things done or he's going to notice." 
I pouted, "I know. It's been nice being free of chains though." 
"I mean, you're not going back into chains. It's just basically like 2 bracelets. I don't love it but it's better than it was. It will still give you a lot more freedom than before." Ivan said, trying to look at a brighter side. 
I grinned at him, "At least it means I can curl up in your arms without having to fight the chains." 
Ivan smiled, "That's one plus side." 
Ivan leaned down and kissed me. He started out kissing me softly but my need for him to be closer intensified. I wanted him closer even though it wasn't possible. I wrapped my arms around his neck and pressed myself against him. My body molded to his. Our kiss became feverish and Ivan returned my need for him back. He wrapped his arms around my waist pulling me to him. His lips parted mine and his tongue began exploring my mouth. I let out a soft moan as he pressed his body against mine. I could feel his excitement against me and all I wanted was more. Ivan's self control seemed to be dissipating right in front of me. I ran my hands through Ivan's hair. Ivan's tongue brushed against my canines and a growl escaped from my throat. My canines formed into fangs and the hunger hit me. I pulled away, breaking the kiss trying to catch my breath and regain control. Ivan was breathing heavily. 
"Sorry, princess. I couldn't help it." Ivan grinned at me, his eyes glowing a darker blue. 
"We can't make you weak and I don't want to risk hurting you." 
"You won't hurt me. But we should play it safe and we should bond first before." 
"Really wish we knew what the bond entailed and how to do it already." I grumbled. 
Ivan laughed, taking my face in his hands he kissed me passionately. "Soon." 
"Not soon enough." 
Ivan laughed again, "Don't get me wrong, princess. I agree with you if you can't tell. It's not soon enough. I'm trying to be good, Ari. But I want you. I want to show you just how much I want you." 
Ivan's eyes were a dark blue which turned me on even more. I could feel his excitement still and knew exactly what he was saying. I wanted to show him but everytime he used his tongue and touched my canines I wasn't able to control my fangs from coming out. I was worried he would think I only wanted to feed from him. 
"I don't, Ari. I know it's hard to control. I also love it when you do feed from me. You don't ever have to worry about me thinking that's all you want. I promise." Ivan said. 
I looked at him shocked, "How did you know that's what I was thinking?" 
Ivan laughed, "I don't know honestly. I just do. You get a look on your face like you're struggling. For some reason I can always put the pieces together." 
I buried my head into Ivan's chest, breathing in his scent. I knew he would have to leave as soon as it was safe for him to do so but I didn't want him to leave just yet. 
"I won't be gone for too long. I do have to leave for a bit but I won't be gone forever. I'll be back before you know it. Can you see if Drake can meet soon? It might be better to meet up with him quickly. They're less likely to trail behind in the middle of the day if they did. It's still possible, but it might be easier to spot. Besides, I have to go get sleeping stuff for you anyway, I'll be all over the place for a minute." Ivan said. 
I nodded and reached out to Drake. As soon as I made the connection I gave him a run down about Ivan having a memory, the update about Boss, and then spoke to him about meeting up with Ivan. 
*I think he's right, it would be a good time to meet up with him. I still think the night is best, but given the circumstances, now would be better.* Drake told me. 
*Where do you want to meet?* I asked.  
*Have him meet me at the forest area where he shifted the first time. We should be safe there and out of range for anyone to spot us.* Drake said. 
*Will do. He'll be there within half an hour.* I told Drake. 
Drake did what he always did and severed the connection and locked the memories. I let Ivan know the plan right after. 
"Well then I need to get moving. I promise I'll be back as soon as I can. I'll talk to Drake, see if we can get any insight on the memories and then I'll get the sleeping stuff and food. Then I'll be back." Ivan told me. 
"Be careful please." I said, looking at him worried. 
"Always." Ivan said, winking. 
Ivan leaned down and kissed me once more before leaving the room to go meet with Drake. 
###chapter Eighty
*Ivan*


I hated leaving Ari. The second I didn't have her in my arms I felt irritated. I wanted to just stay with her but I knew I couldn't. I also wanted to get her something to sleep on instead of the cold floor. I had an idea about the blanket and pillow. Thinking about it made me excited. I couldn't wait to see her reaction. Before I knew it I had made it to the forest area that I had met up with Keo, Caleb and Drake last time. 
"How's my sister?" Keo asked, dropping down out of a tree in front of me. 
I raised my eyebrow at him, "Climbing trees now? When did that happen?" 
"Gotta stay out of sight, you know?" Keo laughed. 
I laughed with him, "Fair enough, just didn't think you were some secret ninja squirrel." 
"Seriously? When are your memories going to fully come back? I've always been a secret ninja squirrel." Keo said, looking at me seriously. 
I laughed, "If you say so. Oh, and Ari is ok. She wants her memories back as bad as I do. Boss is being kind for some reason. But that's better than the alternative." 
Keo grew serious, "I wonder why." 
"She was one of his right hands. I was the main but she was practically right after. I'm sure Boss is adjusting to the thought of her being an enemy. I think he looked at her like a daughter, but I can't be sure about that." I said. 
Keo growled, "He tried to kill me. He basically did. How can he look at her like a daughter?" 
I tensed up. My mind went back to the memory I just recovered. Keo had been held upright by 2 Shadows and Boss shoving a blade through his chest. My breathing picked up. 
"Ivan?" 
My body shivered and I growled. I had to save Keothi. I had to save Ariya. They invaded our home. They killed people I loved. Right in front of me. I couldn't get to them in time. The only one that matters is Ariya. I have to protect her no matter what. I can't lose her. Everyone else is a complete tragedy but I know I will survive. As long as she is ok. As long as she is still with me. 
"Ivan, you ok?" Caleb asked, touching my shoulder. 
I whirled around grabbing Caleb around the throat. I let out a deep growl. I bared my teeth at him. My body shivered. My wolf, trying to force its way out. My eyes glowed blue. Ariya's blue. A blue meant that I was only hers. 
"You! You swore you'd stay close! You swore you would protect her!" I snarled at him. 
"Idid" Caleb choked out. 
Caleb clawed at my hand around his throat, desperate for air. My body shook violently as I continued growling at him. As much as I wanted to shift, I wanted to pummel them more. 
"Ivan! Let him go!" Drake shouted at me. 
Perfect timing. I grabbed Caleb's shirt with my other hand and spun around and threw him at Drake. My eyes narrowed as I focused on Drake. I snarled at him baring my teeth. Drake had caught Caleb and set him down even though I caught Drake by surprise. Caleb coughed gasping for breath. 
"You 2 stay put. Don't engage. Understood?" Drake told Keo and Caleb. 
"I'm gonna kill you." I growled at Drake. 
"You can try, but I'm not sure Ariya would be ok with that." Drake mocked me. 
At the mention of her name my body shook violently. I growled at Drake. I raised my hands to fight Drake. I knew I'd have to move quickly to beat him. I threw a right punch aiming for his face. I wanted to pummel him to hurt him the way he'd hurt me when he took her away from me. Drake blocked the punch and went to throw one back of his own. I slipped underneath and hooked up to hit him. My shot connected but not without me taking a hit of my own from him. Drake had brought his knee up and nailed me in the chest when I slipped under his first hit. The air gushed out of me and I heard a crack in my ribs. It wasn't hard enough to break my ribs but it was definitely hard enough to crack it. 
I gasped for air momentarily but didn't let up. I continued my attack at Drake by rolling in the direction of his knee strike. I pulled a dagger from my boot and lunged back at Drake. He wasn't expecting the roll to be planned. I was used to this. Even if I didn't have all my memories, my body knew how to fight. When I first got to Boss, we figured out that I had been trained in almost every fighting style there was. While I preferred an aggressive offensive approach I could use defensive movements just as easily. When I lunged at Drake I was able to sink the dagger into his ribs. Drake roared out in pain and went to punch me directly in the face. I was ready though. Using an open hand I redirected his punch with one hand. I ripped the dagger out with the other and moved upward shoving the dagger into Drake's left shoulder. 
Drake roared in pain trying to grab at his left shoulder. It wouldn't be too hard to reach if Drake was more of Ariya's size. But because he was more built, more muscular he wasn't able to reach where I had buried the blade at. My body shivered but I continued my assault. Drake was slower now that I had wounded him. His speed was no longer at a supernatural level. Drake tried defending himself with his right arm. His left was no longer working the way he needed it to. I delivered blow after blow to his face and upper body. My own body shaking violently, wanting to shift into my wolf. 
"You took her away from me!" I growled at him. 
As I went to throw another punch at Drake's head, Caleb jumped in front. He held his arms out to the sides. Defending Drake. I paused before I hit Caleb. I growled in frustration at him. 
"You! You let her die!" I snarled. 
"Ivan! Stop!" Keo shouted but something was off. 
Keo jumped in front of Caleb before I threw a punch at him. I hesitated. Something was different. 
"Ivan, please. It's ok! I'm here! I'm right here!" 
"Ari?" My expression softened. 
She nodded. She had taken over Keo's body. 
"It's me, Ivan. Please! Stop this! Come back to me!" Ari begged me. 
A sharp pain ripped through my head and I gasped, dropping to my knees. My body shook violently and I realized it was my wolf trying to force its way out. I grabbed my head as I growled. 
"Ivan!" Ari screamed running up to me. She brushed her hand lightly over my face, "You need to shift. Do you have another shirt and shoes that you use for work?" 
I nodded but still didn't want to rip through my clothes. I pulled at my shirt trying to get it over my head. I felt Caleb pull my shoes off as Ariya helped me get my shirt over my head and off of me. As soon as my shirt and shoes were off my body shook more and I shifted. I yelped as I finished shifting. My mind seemed to clear more. Ariya threw her arms around my neck and I whined. What did I do? Why did I do that? I was angry, sure, but hadn't I come here for an explanation? I leaned my head into Ariya. My energy drained from me, I fell to the ground. Her arms still wrapped around me. 
###chapter Eighty One
*Ivan*


I lay there in Ariya's arms, breathing heavily. She had sat down so my head was in her lap as she kept her arms wrapped around me. The fog was clearing in my head as I realized what I'd done. I whined softly. 
"It's ok, Ivan." Drake coughed out. 
"Can someone explain what happened? I'm kinda lost." Caleb asked, helping Drake sit up. 
"It's my fault. I didn't realize it until he spoke after beating me. He got his memory back of the night you all got separated." Drake said. 
I growled in response. I was still angry but I wasn't as angry as I had been a bit ago. 
"There's more to it.." Ariya trailed off. 
"What do you mean, kiddo?" Drake asked her. 
"Ivan and I have been getting our memories back slowly. When we get them back we basically relive the moment because it happens in a dream. Usually we have a minute to process it. But this time Boss walked in so I had to force Ivan out of the dream. I don't think he finished the memory and I think that has part to do with it. But Boss walking in and him losing it for a second, I think it's messing with him. But I also don't know everything that happened. He told me some of it and it's not pretty." Ariya said, stroking my head. 
"I'm sorry. It wasn't like that for me. Drake worked on unlocking my memories and after a while it was all there. For me it was like I relived all of it at one time just at a faster pace. I didn't have the emotional processing issue that you guys are having by only getting pieces back." Caleb said. 
"You also didn't witness as many horrors as they did, Caleb." Drake said. 
"What do you mean?" Caleb asked. 
I whined thinking back. Ariya's grip on me tightened. 
"We are stuck in the moment that we remember. My first memory was of the fire. I had known about it but I didn't know all the details. Caleb, I went for a walk that night. I ran into Ivan and my Mom. I didn't realize it was going to be the last moment that I was happy and at peace." Ariya told Caleb. 
Caleb looked at the ground, "Before I had my memories back I would have argued saying that you've had plenty of good days since everything happened. But having my memories back, a light died in you that night, Ariya." 
I growled in response to Caleb and he held his hands up. 
"You'll understand what he means soon, Ivan. He's not saying anything bad. Ariya is Ariya. But she's been through a lot and it shows. When you remember everything you'll remember how animated Ariya was before." Drake laughed. 
"Hey! I was a little kid! Of course I was really animated!" Ariya pouted. 
I laughed but it came out more like a snort which made Ariya laugh in response. She squeezed me tightly and I leaned my head against her. 
"I know they went through a lot, Drake, but I still don't get it. Why are the memories so much harder on them?" Caleb asked. 
"Caleb, I watched my Mom get burned alive in front of me. Ivan tried to fight back and then they took me away. Then I watched Keo get injured while he tried to protect me. Then Ivan got us out of there and after that, Keo was killed in front of us along with Derek. I was hauled off again and then I thought that Ivan was killed because of the sounds he made" Ariya said, the tears forming in her eyes. 
Caleb's eyes went wide with shock. He knew of some things but he clearly didn't know about everything. He got his memories back but he didn't see things as they happened. I was sure he blamed himself for not being there to help but it still wasn't the same as being there and being helpless. 
"Ivan's anger toward me is justified. The one person that kept him moving regardless of his pain and regardless of what happened was taken away from him. By me. It makes sense that he wants to kill me." Drake said. 
"His shifts are so violent because of his last shift before you took the memories. At least that's the theory. His last shift was very violent, kinda how the other shifts have been." Ariya mentioned. 
Caleb's eyes went wide again, "I wasn't there for the shift but I was there right after it. I heard Ivan scream for someone to help. When I got there he was in wolf form though. The sounds he made" 
Drake nodded, "That's what I mean. His anger toward me is justified. Imagine going through all of that, finding out that your mate is ok, just to have her ripped away from you again." 
I growled in response. Drake wasn't wrong. I hated him for it. But more than anything, I just wanted Ari to be safe. I would do anything for her. As long as she was ok, I would be ok. I would endure anything to make sure she was ok. Ariya's arms squeezed me tightly again and I relaxed a bit. 
"I'm sorry, Ivan. I'm sorry I didn't keep my promise to you. I didn't remember." Caleb said. 
"I'm sorry too. You can beat me as much as you like, Ivan. I deserve it. The same goes for you, Ariya." Drake said. 
"Why did you do it though? Why did you have Ivan infiltrate to begin with? Why not just have Ivan take me somewhere safe? If you had to have him infiltrate, why not have him infiltrate and stay with me?" Ariya asked. 
"I don't know. There wasn't time to think. We didn't have any time for anything. Derek left me a dying wish and that wish gave me an idea. I was emotional and I wanted all of you to be safe so I acted out of emotion. Ivan was the oldest out of you 4 and he'd had the most training. I figured he would be able to infiltrate without as many issues as Caleb. But keeping you safe was important. Ivan couldn't really infiltrate with how he looked, they would have figured it out. So I had to take parts of his memory away to make sure that he looked different. Hiding his wolf is what changed his hair color. That is what gave him the ability to infiltrate. If Ivan remembered being a wolf and left with you, you guys would have been found easier. Caleb on the other hand can blend a lot easier. I made an emotional decision without really thinking it through and when I was able to think things through I convinced myself that I was right. I can see now that I was wrong." Drake said. 
"Maybe you weren't wrong" Ariya said, her eyes getting big. 
I could see the wheels turning in her head. I also knew that she and Keothi were able to think up plans that had backup plans. Those backup plans also have backup plans. 
"What's that?" Caleb asked. 
"The person that was with me had to remember being a wolf. Otherwise I don't think I would still have the same mindset. I think I would have ended up how Ivan is as Justin. But that's not the point. Maybe, just maybe, we can spin this in a way that Boss trains me." Ariya said, her eyes lighting up. 
I looked at her, pretty sure I knew where this was going. Not sure if I would like it or not. But I trusted her. We couldn't get out of there even if we wanted to right now. I pulled away from her. My body shivered and I shifted back. 
"She's right. If we can spin it to where Boss starts training her that's better. We couldn't get her out of there right now even if we wanted to." I told them. 
"What's that supposed to mean? You don't think we're strong enough?" Drake growled. 
"No. You aren't. Drake I know you aren't going to try to kill me but you couldn't stop me from beating on you. I was the most trained before that night, but I've had a lot more training since then. That's not the problem though. You guys can take out any of the lower level people. It's the higher levels, ones that Ariya hasn't even seen yet. They're the ones to watch out for. They're the ones that Boss is going to use to hunt you down. They're only the first problem. The biggest problem is Boss. His ability controls the gravity around a person. Unless we can get around that, we're never going to get Ariya out of there. You guys can't take the risk of coming in to help either. It's too much of a risk of having more people caught. The only way that Ariya is getting out of there is when she and I decide it's time. For you guys to help you would have to break in and break out. By the time you broke in alone Boss could be there. Then we're all caught. You guys can join the fight only after we've gotten outside. Before that, it's not going to happen." I told them. 
"Ivan's right. That place is a fortress. Ivan, you're talking about the 8 Enforcers, aren't you?" Ariya asked me. 
"That's right. Not only do we have to worry about the 8 Enforcers coming after us once we're out, but we have to deal with Boss before that as well." I said. 
"Who's the 8 Enforcers?" Drake asked. 
"I'm not completely sure. I just know that they're 8 different people who are part of a group that Boss refers to as the Enforcers. They're extremely strong and their abilities are off the charts. Let me put it this way, Drake, if you use your ability you should be able to wipe the floor with me. Hand to hand alone, I should be able to win. But with your ability you win. These 8, their abilities are on par with your strength if not more." I said. 
"So we need to get Ariya out of there before they show up, right?" Caleb asked. 
"Yes, but we can't get past Boss yet. Like I said, his ability controls the gravity around a person. Until we find a way around that, we're not getting Ariya out of there." I said. 
"I think there's more to it, Ivan. I don't think Boss only controls the gravity around a person." Ariya whispered. 
###chapter Eighty Two
*Ivan*


"What do you mean more to it?" I asked her. 
"I can't really put my finger on it. But I feel like there's more to it. Like we're only seeing part of what he can do." Ariya told us. 
"We need to know before you try to break out." Drake said. 
I nodded, "How can we swing this idea of yours, Ari?" 
Ariya went over the idea, Keo and her had come up with a plan. Since he was there but in the background he knew everything that was happening. He'd been taking things in and thinking about it and when the idea hit her head he started putting it together with her. 
"It's dangerous, Ariya." Drake warned. 
"I know but it might make escaping easier. At the very least it would give us more insight on the other players involved." Ariya said. 
"She's not wrong. Boss isn't going to keep me watching her forever. But this plan might allow that to happen. It also provides a way for her to learn as much as she can before trying to get out." I said. 
"What if he doesn't believe you though?" Caleb asked. 
"Then nothing changes. We stay where we are right now. I just have torture coming for me and I'm not sure when that is going to happen." Ariya said. 
"We need to bond. The sooner the better." I said. 
I was worried she would reject the idea but her eyes lit up. 
"Ivan's right. We need to make that happen. We just don't know how. I know we need to wait for our memories, but do you know how it works?" Ariya asked. 
"No. That was part of what Derek's dying wish was. He wanted me to seal the memory of the bond away. I'm not totally sure why but I sealed it on myself as well." Drake said. 
"I know how the regular bond works. When you unlocked my memories, I got that part back. But I don't know how the mate bond works. I'm sure there's a lot more to it. The regular bond isn't too complicated. If you're sure that you both are going to do the mate bond, regardless of what it is, then I can bond with Keo like I had planned initially." Caleb said. 
"I mean, we'll do what we can. I'm not sure if we'll be able to do it immediately. We have to have our memories back for it first and then we can figure out the details." Ariya said. 
"I don't think it's going to take too long to come back. I'm sure there's a lot more to it but I'm sure that memory will come back soon enough." I said. 
"Are you sure about bonding though, Caleb?" Drake asked. 
"As long as Keo's good with it. I don't mind. I'm feeding both of you right now anyway. It doesn't change anything for me. But I have a feeling it changes a lot when it comes to a mate bond." Caleb said. 
"Keo says he's good with it. As for the mate bond, we'll figure it out. Are you still able to feed Drake if you bond?" Ariya asked. 
"Yes. The regular bond will actually bond me directly to Keo but by default it will bond me to Drake a bit as well." Caleb said. 
"I gotta get moving. I have things I gotta pick up before I head back to Ariya. If I'm gone too long they might get suspicious." I said. 
"Be careful. Oh and don't stress out about us fighting either. You don't have any visible injuries that they will see, but you do have some injuries. Have Ariya practice fixing your ribs when you get back. Using her hands, that is." Drake told me. 
I nodded at him and then left to go get everything on the list before I headed back. They had decided to go back to the safe house and strategize some more. I promised Ariya I would be back to her within an hour at the most. I ran home to clean up really quickly and then grab everything. I was able to put the mat on my back like a backpack since it was rolled up in its packaging. The pillow was rolled up in a sealed bag and I rolled the blanket in a similar way. After rolling them I used the straps from the mat to hold onto the pillow and blanket so they were all on my back. I grabbed food from a little shop down the street and headed back to the facility. 
I went through the same routine of putting everything on the counter for them to look at briefly. The guard seemed to shake in fear when I came through this time. Good. I liked it better when they didn't talk to me. I made it back to the holding room that Ariya was in without running into any annoyances this time. I walked in, set everything down and then flashed my wolf eyes at her. Her eyes lit up as she ran to me. 
I scooped her up in my arms and kissed her. When she was in my arms was the only time that things felt right. I felt at peace even given the situation we were in. I set her down and took her face gently in my hands. I kissed her passionately. I wanted nothing more than to devour her right there. A soft growl escaped me as I explored her mouth with my tongue. I felt my body shiver in excitement. My wolf, begging to come out. I brushed my tongue over her canines knowing what it would do. Ariya's control was amazing but she couldn't help her fangs coming out when I ran my tongue near them. She let out a sound between a growl and a moan escape her. I loved it. I loved making her lose a bit of control around me. I didn't want her to be at a rabid stage. But her not being able to hold back showing herself to me in a sensual moment, it was my favorite thing. Ariya pressed up against me but pulled away from the kiss breathing heavily. I could feel my excitement pick up as I started getting hard. I pressed my body against her as well. I knew she would feel what it was doing to me. I trailed kisses down her neck wanting to be closer to her. Ariya sucked in a sharp breath and a growl came from her. 
I breathed heavily as I pulled away from her, "Sorry, princess. I got a little carried away." 
"No, please don't apologize. I'm justhungry." Ariya blushed. 
I looked at her concerned, "We need our memories back so I can start feeding you like you need." 
"Ivan" She growled. 
"Listen, princess. I want you to feed from me. I hope I can show you how it feels one day. But it's not like how they taught us. For us wolves it doesn't hurt. It's needed and with the mate bond, I'm sure it feels different for me than it does for Caleb. I want you to bite me. It feels good when you do. Especially when you close the wound with your tongue." I said, my eyes flashing at her. 
Ariya's eyes went dark as she began to kiss me again. I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her closer to me. I wanted more. I wanted to feel every part of her. I wanted to bond with her. I wanted her to feed from me. I wanted to be inside of her. I wanted to be hers completely. Ariya broke the kiss and this time she was the one that trailed kisses down to my neck. I felt her fangs scrape against my neck which lit a trail of fire for me. A soft moan came out of her. She wanted to sink her fangs in my neck as much as I wanted her to. 
"Please, Ari." I begged her, my breathing heavy. 
###chapter Eighty Three
*Ariya*


It took everything in me not to bite down. Ivan begging would have convinced me to bite down and I wanted to but I had fed on him already today. If I fed more others might notice. I didn't want to risk it and I didn't want to risk feeding on him until a normal person would die. Drake had warned me, though very briefly, that when you did feed until a person died you rode a high. That feeling made you want more. But with an Original Navi Wolf it was a part of their ability that their body would somehow be emptied and then new blood cells would just appear instantly. It was why they couldn't die from us but it had to be one of us that did it or they would die. Feeding from Caleb was the only time that I had ever done that. But it wasn't when I was conscious that I was feeding. It was the first time when your unconsciousness took over. The primal side. So I never felt the high that came from feeding that much. But with Ivan, I knew I would feel every bit of it.
He was already hard enough to resist. I couldn't risk killing him. I was too scared to. Drake said it should be fine but I didn't trust it. Ivan wasn't like the other wolves. He couldn't communicate and that was because of the mate bond. The only thing any of us remembered about the mate bond was that we were meant to be together. Ivan was an Original Navi Wolf but because he had found out that I was his mate things were always different for him. Until we remembered what it meant I wanted to play it on the safe side. I couldn't lose him. I loved him as much as he loved me. Even though I didn't feel the mate bond like he did, I felt a pull towards him. 
"We can't. I've already taken too much from you today." I said, pulling away from him. 
"Don't leave me." Ivan said, the panic in his eyes. 
I blinked, surprised. It took me a second to realize that his mind had started to go back to that night. He needed to sleep. To get the rest of the memory. Waking him up the way I had, he seemed stuck. Going back to the fear he had that night. I moved back toward him and leaned into his chest. I took in his scent. I was in control. I was hungry, but I was in control. I could wait to feed. I closed my eyes, focusing on the feeling I got from being in his arms. I could feel his body start to relax. 
"I'm not going anywhere, Ivan. I'm yours. You don't have to worry about that." I reassured him. 
"I'm sorry. My mindit keeps going back." Ivan whispered. 
I looked up at him, the worry evident in my eyes. 
"I'll be ok, princess. I just don't know if I'm going to be able to leave here tonight." Ivan said. 
"Won't you get into trouble? Won't Boss get suspicious if you stay? What if someone comes over trying to see where you're at?" I asked him. 
Ivan cursed under his breath, "They will. I won't get into trouble, but they'll get suspicious for sure. I need you though. No one should come to check but if I don't leave, I wouldn't be surprised if Boss showed up early in the morning. I'm good for a few hours though." 
"Well then let's eat some of this delicious food you brought." I said, trying to lighten the mood. 
"Arinevermind." Ivan said. 
"What is it? Tell me." I said, looking at him. 
He leaned his head against mine and took a deep breath, "It's probably weird and you can totally say no, but can you stay close to me? Like you're touching me close." 
"Absolutely." I grinned, beaming at him, "It calms you, doesn't it?" 
Ivan nodded, "It does. How can you tell?" 
"Your body keeps getting tense when your mind goes back to that night. When I lean into you or hold your head, like when you were in wolf form, I can feel you start to relax." I told him. 
"I'm sorry." 
"Please don't be sorry. If I'm being honest, I really love that I can be snuggled up in your arms. I love being close to you." I told him. 
"I love it too." Ivan said, squeezing me tightly. 
Ivan and I ate the food he brought. I scarfed it down enjoying having at least one part of my hunger satisfied. Ivan laughed as he watched me scarf. 
"You can have mine too." He offered it to me. 
"I'm ok." I laughed, shaking my head. 
"Eat it. I can always make myself more food when I get home." He laughed, not taking no for an answer. 
"Remember when Keo and I switched for the first time?" I asked him. 
"Yeah." He said, wondering where this was going. 
"You walked in and held up the bag you brought back that had food. When you said 'food' to Keo, I may or may not have growled at him." 
Ivan busted out laughing, "What did you say?" 
I blushed, "I told him, 'Don't you dare, that's mine.'" 
Ivan laughed harder, "Well you'll be happy to know that Boss wants me to give you more regular food so I'll be bringing extra each time." 
"Oh I'm gonna get so fluffy." I laughed. 
"I'll love you regardless, princess." Ivan said, looking at me seriously. 
"You love me?" I asked. 
Ivan raised an eyebrow, "I've loved you since the day I met you. I love you more with each passing day. Ari, I love you more than anything." 
I blushed, "I love you too. I'm pretty sure I've loved you since the day I met you but I don't remember." 
Ivan laughed, pulling me closer to him, "We'll have our memories back soon enough. Finish eating, I have a surprise for you." 
"Ivan? Will you teach me how to fight more?" I asked him, "I need to learn to use my abilities more too, but at the very least learning how to fight better than what I can now will also help me keep in shape." 
"Of course. We can spar when we can. If Boss still has the plan of letting me have a day to torture you maybe I can use that day to spar with you instead. But if your idea works, Boss might help teach you more on fighting and controlling your ability anyway." 
"That's true, but I want to be able to do what you can do. I want to be useful and be able to fight with you, not just let you protect me and get hurt." I said, softly. 
Ivan growled, "I'm always going to protect you. Even if you can beat me in a fight, which you can if you use your abilities correctly. But I'm always going to protect you." 
I smiled at him, "I know you will, but I want to be able to help. Not be useless like I was before. I don't want you getting hurt." 
Ivan kissed my forehead, "You're not useless, Ari. I understand you wanting to help, but please don't ever think that you're useless. I will teach you everything, but I'm still going to protect you. Now, time for your surprise." 
Ivan brought me over to the other stuff he had brought in. We took the mat out of its packaging and laid it out. Ivan put the pillow on the mat for me and then handed me the blanket. I looked at him curiously but then I caught a whiff of my surprise. The blanket was one of Ivan's from his home. His smell lingered on the blanket and I brought it up to my nose and took in a deep breath. It smelt like him. My eyes watered up when I realized and he smiled and took me in his arms. 
"When Boss told me to get you that stuff I thought about how I wanted to be able to hold you when you slept. This was the closest thing I could think of since I can't actually be here." Ivan told me. 
I didn't know what to say, thank you didn't seem to be enough. I wasn't even sure how long I'd been here now and I hated when Ivan left. I felt like I would get a good night's rest for once. I wrapped the blanket around me and the tears spilled down my face. I only ever felt safe when I was in Ivan's arms. Ivan wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close to him. 
"I take it you like your surprise?" Ivan asked, wiping my tears away. 
"I love it. Thank you." I nodded. 
"I'll do my best to keep my scent on it for you, princess." Ivan said. 
I snuggled into his chest. Knowing he was going to have to leave soon. I just wanted to be in his arms for a while. I knew I would get a memory back tonight, I just hoped it would be the memory that we needed. I wanted to be bonded to him. I wanted to be with him for the rest of my life. 
###chapter Eighty Four
*Ivan*


*I heard a crash in the other room and woke up with a start. When I got out of bed I heard another crash and growling. The growl was coming from my Dad and he sounded angry. I ran toward the sound, scared of what I would find. 
"Mom? Dad?" I called out. 
I stepped into the main room and my Dad was fighting off an attacker. I gasped in shock. Dad was in his wolf form and Mom was fighting back as best she could. I stared, wide-eyed, trying to take in the chaos that was breaking out in front of me. A group of Shadows surrounded my Mom while a Shifter and Ghost fought my Dad. A Shifter was someone who was able to change into anything and this particular Shifter had shifted into a Bear. It made sense, having to match the size of an Original Navi Wolf who could end up being 7 to 9 feet. The big problem was the Ghost. Ghosts weren't commonly found and they were really hard to kill because they were almost impossible to touch. A Ghost was a person who could make their whole body phase through something or someone in an instant. 
"What do you want from us?!" My Mom growled at the Shadows. 
They didn't answer. Instead one of them came up behind her from the shadows, dagger in hand. 
"MOM!" I shouted, running at the attacker. 
I grabbed the glass vase off the table and swung it as hard as I could at the Shadow's head. The vase shattered and the Shadow fell to the ground. I gasped in pain as some of the shards of glass embedded themselves into my hands. Another Shadow ran at my Mom, shoving her against the wall. She held the Shadow back. Keeping her attention on the fight, she spoke to me. 
"Ivan! Get out of here! Hurry! You need to run!" 
"No! I'm not leaving you and Dad!" 
"Ivan! Please! You have to survive!" She cried. 
I heard a whine from my Dad and I looked over. He had heard what my Mom said and was trying to tell me the same thing. He didn't want me to get hurt. Like my Mom, he wasn't looking at me. He was focused on the fight trying to fight off the Shifter and Ghost. 
"We're not going to let him leave. None of you are leaving unless it's in a body bag." The Ghost snarled. 
My Dad growled ferociously at the Ghost and snapped his jaws at him. The Ghost just laughed and continued phasing through my Dad's attacks on him. The Shifter decided this was their chance and swiped a massive paw at my Dad. It connected with my Dad's head knocking him to the floor. 
"Dad!" I shouted, running over to him. 
Blood stained his fur and I began to panic.
"Dad! Please! Wake up!" I cried out. 
I shook my Dad roughly but he didn't respond. 
"Your father is dead, boy." The Ghost snarled. 
"Shut up!" I growled at the Ghost. 
"No!" My Mom shouted. 
She kicked at the Shadow's leg hard, making it bend at an awful angle. The Shadow gasped in pain as their hands went to their injured leg. My Mom followed up by punching the Shadow in the face and the Shadow fell to the ground unconscious. 
"Grab her!" The Ghost ordered the Shadows. 
The Shadows quickly took hold of my Mom, restricting her from getting closer. I pulled my Dad closer to me and hugged him tightly. He was unconscious but he was losing too much blood. His blood got all over my clothes and on my hands and face. 
"I'm sorry, Dad. I'm so sorry. I love you." I whispered in his ear. 
Out of the corner of my eye I saw the throwing knives my Dad used to teach me the other day. It was on the floor under the table that was near me. I laid his head gently on the ground. I knew I would need to move quickly. I looked directly at the Ghost, glaring hatefully. 
"Please tell me you're going to fight. Or scream! Yes! Please, scream in fear and try to get away! I love a good chase!" The Ghost mocked me. 
I moved as fast as I could and grabbed the band of throwing knives. The Ghost laughed in glee as he ran at me. He thought I was about to run. I pulled one of the throwing knives from the band and spun quickly. Using all my strength I launched the blade at the center of the Ghost. The Ghost grinned and phased through the blade. I grinned back in response. Just in time for the Shifter to roar in pain as the blade buried itself into the Shifter's eye. The Ghost spun around in shock and I launched another blade as hard as I could, just like my Dad had taught me. This time the blade buried itself into the Ghost's spine. The Ghost dropped to the ground screaming in pain. 
"You shouldn't underestimate my son." My Mom growled. 
Her body shivered and she shifted into her wolf. The Shadow's had loosened their grip when both of my attacks landed. None of them expected a child to severely injure two of their fighters. Mom lunged at the Ghost ending his life. The Shifter had regained control of themselves and lunged back at my Mom. The world suddenly seemed to move in slow motion. My Dad had managed to get up and jump in front of the attack meant for my Mom. He shifted back holding his arms out, taking the full swipe from the Shifter. I stood frozen in place as my Mom shifted back, catching my Dad as he fell to the ground. She screamed in agony as the love of her life was taking his last breaths. 
My Dad's eyes locked on mine, "Iloveyouson. I'mproudofyou." 
"I love you, Dad." I choked out.
My Dad looked up at my Mom and brought his hand to her cheek, caressing it softly, "Iloveyou. Always"
"And forever. I love you!" My Mom cried, kissing him on the lips. 
My Dad's hand fell from her cheek and his eyes glazed over. I felt my heart shatter into pieces, knowing that I would never get to learn anything else from my Dad. Knowing that I would never hear his voice again. My Dad had been my role model. My family has always been happy. We were always having fun and laughing. Dad was always teaching me new things when it came to fighting. He said I was a natural and loved teaching me. I was never going to hear his praise again. I was never going to see him again. The sadness I felt from losing my Dad quickly turned into rage. I felt the anger bubble inside of me. My eyes felt hot and I growled angrily. 
My Mom's head snapped up as she looked at me. 
"Ivan." She breathed.*

###chapter Eighty Five
*Ivan*


*The Shadows went to move towards us but hesitated when they looked at me. They quickly overcame their hesitation and came after us. I growled and launched another throwing knife in their direction. Instead of connecting with one of them it buried itself into the wall behind. The Shifter went after my Mom and she moved quickly to dodge the attack. The anger I felt quickly turned into fear as my Mom fought the Shifter. The Shifter was powerful and angry. Instead of fighting strategically, the Shifter began just trying to land any hit on my Mom. I tried to keep focused on the Shadows but I kept looking back at the Shifter. 
The Shadows grabbed hold of me and an angry growl ripped through the night. Mom didn't hesitate when she lunged at the Shifter again but the Shifter regained its senses quickly. Too quickly. The Shifter swiped a massive paw at my Mom, burying it in her chest but not before my Mom had ripped the blade from the Shifter's eye and shoved it into their neck. I screamed but nothing came out. A Shadow had its hand around my mouth and was pulling me away. A Blood Born Navi burst through our front door and made quick work of the Shadows holding me but it was too late. 
I went to run to my Mom but the Blood Born Navi caught me. 
"Let me go!" I screamed, shoving her off of me. 
She let me go and I ran to my Mom, sliding down and putting my hands over her wounds. She was bleeding out fast. My Mom reached up and caressed my cheek like my Dad had done to her. 
"Oh my beautiful boy. I'm sorry." She said softly. 
"No! Mom! Stay with me! Please! Please don't leave me!" I cried, grabbing onto her hand like a lifeline. 
"It's too late, Ivan. Please. I don't have much time. I need to give you something. Mina." Mom called out to the Blood Born. 
"I'm here." Mina said, softly. 
"Please, take careof my son." Mom choked out, "And pleaselock my gift in his mindfor whenit's time." 
"Mom, what are you talking about? Please don't go." I begged her. 
"I don'thave a choice. Bringyour headdownto mineand closeyour eyes." My Mom requested. 
I did as she asked me, still holding onto her hand. Tears slid down my face. My Mom asked Mina something but I didn't hear it. Mina asked if she was sure and I didn't hear a response from my Mom. Mina put a hand on my head and a flash of light brought me to another room for a moment. I looked around confused. My Mom stood in front of me. 
"My beautiful boy, when the time is right, I will come to you once more. But only for a moment. Mina is making sure that happens right now. I'm sorry that your father and I won't be there to watch you grow up to be a man. But I hope part of me will at least be able to see you once again." 
I looked at my Mom confused, "I don't understand." 
My Mom wrapped her arms around me, hugging me tightly, "There are not many Original Navi Wolves left and I'm sure there will be even less after tonight. Your father and I were one of the few that knew our entire history. What it means to have a mate. What it means to bond. What it means to complete a mate bond. Mina is going to put that history into your mind and when the time is right, you will learn about it with me as your guide." 
I blinked at her, "How is that possible?" 
She smiled at me, "Because I'm the Original Navi Wolf bonded to Mina. She's able to give us a bit more time as well as use what she takes from me to give to you. We don't have much time right now, but we will have a bit more time later. Be good for her, ok? She's going to take care of you moving forward. She has a little boy and a little girl. They are twins and they're about 5 or 6 years younger than you. Help keep them safe, ok?" 
I nodded, "I promise. I will be good for Mina. I will protect the twins. I promise, Mom." 
"Good, now this is really important, ok?" She said, hugging me tightly, "If you find your mate one day, protect her at all costs. I have a feeling you'll find her one day. It's ok to be sad, Ivan. Tonight has been a lot. But promise me you won't be sad forever. When you shift for the first time it can be scary. But embrace it in the end. Being a wolf is an amazing thing and something to be proud of. Don't be afraid to be who you are. Ivan, promise me you won't be angry forever either. This one is the most important. Always remember that your father and I love you and we are so proud of you. Always and forever." 
"I promise. I love you, Mom. Please don't go! I need you! I love you!" I cried. 
"I'm always here, my beautiful boy. I might not be right in front of you, but I'm always here. We will always be there, watching over you. We love you." My Mom said as she faded away. 
The light flashed again and I was back in our home. My Mom looked at me and gave me a soft smile. She pulled at me with her hand that was on my cheek. She brought my head to her lips and kissed me softly on the forehead. 
"I love you, my beautiful boy." She whispered. 
Her hand started to fall from my cheek but I held on. 
"Mom!" I cried out. 
I held her hand in my hands and cried. I laid her hand down gently and threw myself on her. Hugging her tightly. I cried out, not caring about the world around me. 
"I love you, Mom. I promise. I promise I'll do what you said. I love you." I sobbed. 
I felt her arm wrap around me as she took her final breaths, unable to speak any longer. I buried my head in her chest while I cried. In one night I had lost both of my parents. I was now an orphan. I wasn't ready to be alone. I wasn't ready to continue through life without them. I was never going to have another home cooked meal made by my Mom. I was never going to train with them again. They weren't going to be there for me when I shifted for the first time. I was alone. My parents were taken away from me. They were ripped out of my life in an instant and I was powerless to save them. 
We eventually left my house and made our way to Mina's home. My heart had been broken and I was an empty shell. I followed Mina knowing my Mom and Dad would want me to. She had packed a bag full of stuff and had brought it with her. I was assuming my Mom had somehow shown her what she needed to grab. We had met up with Drake, Mina's father, who had saved another little boy. His name was Caleb and he was shaken up. I wasn't shaken up like he was. I was broken and empty. We all walked into Mina's home and I heard small footsteps come padding out. Mina had a conversation with the footsteps. I didn't bother looking up. I couldn't even understand what was being said. It was like my ears weren't working anymore. I must be in shock. 
"I'm Ariya." I heard a soft voice say. 
She tugged at my arm softly and I followed her, still looking at the ground. She pulled out a small chair and had me sit down. Then she left momentarily. I continued staring at the ground. Even when she returned. I was a shell. She hesitated trying to decide something. Then she knelt down on the ground and put her face in front of my gaze at the floor. I sucked in a breath and felt my eyes change color. I had this overwhelming feeling of love towards her even though my heart was broken. She was my mate. I wasn't sure how I knew, but I knew she was my mate.
- 
"Oh my beautiful boy, I'm so proud of you."*

###chapter Eighty Six
*Ariya*


*Keo and I heard the front door open and ran out to see Mom walk in.
"What are you 2 doing up at this time?" Mom asked us. 
Our eyes went wide as we saw the 2 boys next to Mom and Drake. The older boy was covered in blood and stared at the ground. I felt my eyes water up as I looked at him. I wanted so badly to run up and hug him. To hold him and let him know that he wasn't alone. I knew he wasn't ok. I could guess that he watched his parents die. He wouldn't be ok for a while. The other boy seemed to be shaking. He was scared but not of us. He seemed scared from whatever it was that he had seen or heard. 
"We just wanted to help." Keo answered. 
Mom sighed, "I appreciate that, but you 2 are supposed to be in bed." 
I couldn't take my eyes off the older boy. I knew it was rude, but I couldn't stop staring. My heart pulled toward him. I heard Drake clear his throat softly and I took a step towards the older boy. I felt Keo grab the back of my shirt and tug softly. He was trying to get my attention. 
"Ariya." Mom called me. 
I snapped out of my trance and looked at her, "Please, Mom. Can we help?" 
Mom locked eyes with me for a moment before speaking, "I guess since you both are already up. Help them get cleaned up, changed and then make some room for them in your room. We'll figure out a permanent situation in the morning." 
Keo and I looked at each other and nodded. We didn't even have to talk. We already knew what the plan was and who was going to handle what. I walked up to the older boy but he didn't move. He continued staring at the ground. 
"Hi. I'm Ariya. What's your name?" I asked him. 
He didn't move. Didn't make a sound. I wasn't sure if he'd heard me. I looked up at my Mom, concerned. Mom's expression was sad but she nodded her head at me. Letting me know it was ok to continue even if he didn't move. 
"Just do what he lets you, Ariya. Don't force anything. He's been through a lot tonight." She told me. 
I nodded and gently grabbed his arm and led him further into the room. He followed me without resistance and without taking his eyes off the ground. I looked over to Keo and nodded. Keo walked up to the other boy and introduced himself like I had. 
"Hi. My name's Keothi, but you can call me Keo. What's your name?" Keo asked the other boy. 
"Caleb." He whispered. 
"Is it ok if we head to the bathroom so we can get you cleaned up?" Keo asked, softly. 
Caleb nodded. He was shaking but followed Keo to the bathroom. He seemed more alert and was able to talk even though he was scared. Caleb had some blood on him and was covered in dirt. It was likely that he hadn't seen nearly as much but I was sure that he had seen his parents dead. The boy in front of me was different. He was covered in blood. His hands had shards of glass in them. His clothes were ripped in places. I could tell that he had tried to fight back. From his expression I was positive that he was in shock from watching his parents die. I pulled out a small chair and had him sit down. He was maybe 5 or 6 years older than Keo and I. We were 5 and this boy looked to be about 10 or 11. 
I couldn't imagine the pain he was feeling. He never looked at me or anyone else. He only continued to stare at the ground. He never even made a sound.
"I'll be right back. I'm going to get some stuff to help clean you up, ok?" I said softly. 
I waited for a second to see if he would answer but he didn't. I walked over to the bathroom where Keo and Caleb were. I knocked lightly. 
"Keo? Is it ok if I come in? I need to get a couple things." I said through the door. 
The door opened up and I saw that Caleb was sitting on the lid of the toilet. He was still shaking. Keo looked at me, concerned. 
"Everything ok, Ari?" Keo asked. 
"I don't think so. I need a couple small towels, 2 small buckets with warm water, tweezers and some bandages." I told him. 
"Don't put the bandages on too tightly. They'll have to come off when he showers. I think Mom or Drake is going to have to help him if he doesn't move on his own. Do you think he's going to be ok?" Keo asked, helping to grab the stuff I needed. 
"He won't." Caleb whispered. 
Keo and I looked at Caleb, curiously. 
"That much blood on him. He fought back. He was there when it happened. You know he watched them die." Caleb said softly. 
"Did you" Keo started but decided not to ask. 
"See it? No. I heard it. I went to go see what was going on but the power got knocked out. I got shoved into the ground. Drake showed up and the attackers were killed. I saw my parents on the floor dead though." Caleb whispered. 
Keo walked up and hugged Caleb, "I'm sorry." 
Caleb sobbed in Keo's arms. I looked at them sadly. I took 2 small towels and put one in each bucket. I put the tweezers in my pocket and picked up both buckets, heading back to the older boy. When I came back he hadn't moved at all. He was still staring at the ground. I opened my mouth to say something but decided against it. I didn't want to force him to speak but I wanted him to know that I was here for him. So I decided to kneel on the ground and put my face in front of his gaze. As soon as I did it was like he snapped back to reality. He sucked in a sharp breath and his eyes glowed a beautiful sapphire blue. 
"Whoa! Your eyes are glowing!" I shouted in surprise. 
Mom and Drake were back in the room within seconds. I had moved back from the surprise and the older boy had lifted his head, continuing to look at me. He locked eyes with me and I couldn't help but continue to stare.
"Your eyes are beautiful." I told him. 
"Ariya." My Mom said, trying to get my attention. 
I turned to look at my Mom, "I'm sorry! I wanted him to know that he wasn't alone but I wanted to let him know that I was going to pull the glass out of his hands so I put my head in front of his eye line and then his eyes changed and glowed this beautiful blue. I'm sorry! I didn't mean" 
"Easy, Ariya. You're not in trouble. I just wanted to know what happened and make sure everything is ok. Do you need any help?" 
"Not right now. Keo said we might later. I'm going to get him as cleaned up as I can right now." I told her. 
"Ok, call us when you need us. Drake and I have some things to take care of." Mom told me. 
I nodded and then turned my attention back to the older boy. He was still staring at me but his eyes were fading back to their usual color which I was sure was black. I wasn't sure if they were black from his pain or if they were normally that way. 
"What's your name?" I asked him, unsure if he would tell me. 
"Ivan." He said so softly I almost didn't hear him.*
###chapter Eighty Seven
*Ariya*


*"Ivan, I'm Ariya. Is it ok if I start pulling the glass shards out of your hands?" I asked him. 
He nodded but didn't say anything more. I took his hands and set them face up on his lap. I pulled the tweezers from my pocket and then realized I didn't have anywhere to put the shards as I pulled them out. I frowned and then got up and grabbed a small container from the cabinet in the kitchen so I could put the shards in. I sat down in front of Ivan again and started pulling the shards out as carefully as I could. 
"My brother's name is Keothi but he goes by Keo. He calls me Ari. Him and my Mom are the only 2 that do. But you can call me Ari if you want." I told him. 
He nodded, "Ari." 
I looked up at him and gave him a soft smile. 
"After I get the glass shards out of your hands, I'll clean off as much of the blood as I can with the 2 towels. Are you ok to shower? Do you need help? My Mom or Drake can help you if you need." I paused waiting for an answer. 
Ivan hadn't said anything outside of his name and my name. He just nodded when I asked questions. It didn't really help me know what he needed but I knew he was still in shock. I was happy that he was responding even if it was just with head nods. It was progress from where he was at when he first came into the room. 
"We are here for you, you know. If you need anything. You don't have to be alone if you don't want to. I'll be here. But if you want to be alone that's ok too. We won't hover if you don't want us to. You just have to let us know what you want. Mom said that you and Caleb will stay in Keo and I's room tonight though." I continued on. 
I figured that if I kept talking to him it would keep his mind off of what happened tonight. Even if it wasn't a permanent solution. I also thought that it would help give him time to catch up. Maybe even start to respond more. Ivan didn't move while I continued to clean the glass shards out of his hands. He didn't even seem to notice the pain from them. I wasn't sure if it was because he wasn't hurting physically from the shards or if his emotional pain was making him numb. I was pretty sure it was the emotional pain he felt. If he felt any physical pain he didn't let on. 
After I finished cleaning out the shards of glass from his hands, I used one of the towels to lightly dab his hands. I was trying to get as much of the blood off to make sure I didn't miss any of the glass shards. Keo and Caleb walked out of the bathroom. Caleb was in fresh clothes and no longer had any blood on him. They walked over to us, a curious look on their faces. 
"We're all finished in the bathroom, so whenever you're done, he can take a shower. I set out fresh towels and clothes. Mom gave me a change of his clothes for him. Do you need anything, Ari?" Keo asked me. 
"Can you change out the water from the buckets for me? I'm trying to make sure I didn't miss anything from his hands." I asked him. 
"I have an idea that might help. Caleb, do you mind waiting for a bit?" Keo asked Caleb. 
Caleb nodded and sat down in one of the chairs nearby. Keo grabbed both buckets and brought them to be cleaned out and refilled with warm water. When he came back he set one on each side. 
"It will be easier if he's on the ground with us, but we can let his hands soak in the water and that might clean it off a little faster." Keo told me. 
Ivan nodded, got out of the chair, and sat down in front of Keo and I. Keo looked at me surprised. 
"Oh right, sorry. This is Ivan. He's still not talking much but we're making some progress." I smiled at Keo. 
"Hi Ivan. I'm Keothi, but you can call me Keo. Is it ok if I help Ari for a moment?" Keo asked Ivan. 
Ivan nodded. Keo and I each picked up one of his hands and put it in the warm water. Ivan sucked in a sharp breath and I realized that he was starting to feel his injuries. 
"Sorry." Keo and I both said to Ivan. 
We let his hands soak for a moment and then moved them around hoping the water would get the majority of the blood off. When we pulled his hands out I could see that I had only missed a few pieces of glass. I carefully pulled them out with the tweezers and we repeated the process. When Ivan's hands were clean and free of glass, Keo helped me wrap them very loosely. Then he went and replaced the warm water so I could work on cleaning the rest of the blood off of Ivan. 
"Mom or Drake should be able to heal your hands before you shower. Is there anything else you need for now?" Keo asked. 
"I think we're good now. Thank you for helping me, Keo." I said. 
"Anytime." Keo smiled at me, "Caleb and I are going to go set our room up. I was thinking of pushing our beds together. Then we can all just sleep on the bed. Mom said I could use one of her mattress sheets to keep the beds together and they brought some of their stuff so we should be good." 
I nodded at him, "Sounds good. Let me know if you need help? I can come check in when Ivan goes to shower and help with the rest." 
Keo nodded and headed to our room with Caleb. I went back to work on cleaning Ivan up as much as I could. He seemed more attentive now but I still didn't want him to have to work too hard to get cleaned up. I wasn't sure how much he was going to be able to handle. I figured the less he had to do the better. I managed to get the blood off of his arms and neck. I had to stop and empty out the buckets and refill them. My plan had been to use one as a clean bucket and the other as a dirty bucket but there was so much blood it didn't last long that way. I was almost done getting the majority of the blood off when I came back with the buckets again. Ivan's face was the only thing that still had blood remaining on it. He had stayed quiet the entire time. Nodding only sometimes when I talked to him. 
"We're almost done." I told him.
I went to wipe the blood off of Ivan's face and had put my hand on his cheek when he stiffed. Ivan grabbed my hand and his eyes went wide. He was looking at the ground again and his breathing quickened. I froze in place, not sure what to do. I didn't want to do something that was going to upset him. We had made so much progress but that progress had gotten shattered in an instant. 
"Ivan?" I said, softly. 
He looked up at me when I called his name and I saw the unbearable pain in his eyes. Without a doubt in my mind I knew instantly that he had been there when his parents had taken their last breath. He had held them in his arms before they died. Ivan was choking back tears as he relived everything that had happened tonight. The pain moved across his face as his memories replayed. His eyes never left mine. I knew he was seeing something, someone, but it wasn't me. His body began to shake uncontrollably as if the emotions he held in were breaking free of their cage. His eyes closed as the tears streamed down his face. He opened his mouth as a strained cry came out before he screamed. His scream was consumed with pain. The pain of someone losing their child but instead it was the child losing their parents. The scream that tore through our home was undeniable that someone had just lost everything. That nothing would ever be the same again. 
I wrapped my arms around him, pulling him to me. Ivan clung onto me like a lifeline. Like I was the only thing keeping him from dying while he screamed. I wanted to shield him from the pain he was feeling but I knew it was too late. His pain was going to be with him forever. The tears streamed down my face as I held him while he screamed. It was like I could feel his pain but I knew I wasn't even taking a fraction of it. Mom, Drake, Keo, and Caleb came running into the room, concern written all over their faces. When they saw me holding Ivan they all understood immediately. This world was full of brokenness and Ivan was witness to the unbearable pain it could cause. I held onto Ivan as he broke apart hoping that I could at least take away 1/100th of Ivan's pain. Even just 1% mattered.*
###chapter Eighty Eight
*Ivan*


Light flashed before me and I was in a room like I had been back when my Mom died. I looked around, confused on how I'd gotten here and what was going on. 
"Oh my beautiful boy, I'm so proud of you!" 
I looked toward the voice, knowing who I was about to see. 
"Mom!" I exclaimed, running to her. 
She held her arms out as I ran into her arms squeezing her tightly. I could feel the tears in my eyes as they burned. I didn't care. I was so happy to see her. 
"Hey, son." 
I pulled away from my Mom for a moment and turned to see him, "Dad!" 
I gave him a big hug as well. I reached out to have them both in my arms as I cried. They hugged me tightly and I could hear the sobs coming from them as well. After a few moments I looked up at them both. 
"How is this possible? I'm not in a memory, I'm in my regular body. Where are we? Am I dreaming? Is this real?" I stammered out. 
My parents smiled at me and I believed I was in a dream. I was happy I would have a dream instead of the memories I've been having. It might make the next day easier. That was when I thought of Ari. I can't stay too long. I have to get back to her. But I finally got to see my parents again. My heart started to break. 
"Don't do that. Don't think you have to choose between Ariya or us. You don't." My Dad told me. 
I blinked in surprise, "How did?" 
"We know, Ivan. Now, we need to hurry because you are right about one thing, we don't have much time and you do need to get back to her." My Mom said. 
My Dad nodded and continued where she left off, "This is a place that you will eventually get used to. It's a little weird because we're not typically the ones that can access it. But you get a special privilege because of Ariya's Mom, Mina. She was bonded to your Mom and was able to give us this opportunity when the time was right. Think of it as we're inside your head. This is about how it was for Ariya when she and Keothi switched places. This is where they all were, just in her mind, not yours." 
I nodded in understanding, "So is this real then?" 
"Kind of. We are what's left before we died that night. Mina was able to take a part of my soul and a part of your Dad's soul and lock it in your mind. We've been watching this entire time. We are what remains of the Original Navi Wolves' history. We know everything there is to know about it. But we can't stay forever, Ivan." My Mom told me. 
"So after tonight, you'll be gone?" I asked sadly. 
"No. Our time is limited but there is quite a bit of time that we do have. So don't worry about how long we have. There are plenty of conversations that we will be able to have, but they will only happen at set moments. You won't be able to see us whenever you want, unfortunately." My Dad said. 
"So you're here right now for a reason?" I asked. 
"Yes. We are here to make sure that you don't end up back in the sadness that you got from when we first died. You are reliving everything and that includes the emotions you felt. We are here to make sure that you keep moving forward. Time has already healed this wound to be bearable." Mom explained. 
"Ariya is going through the same thing. Why is it just us? Caleb seems fine. So do Drake and Keo." I growled. 
Dad laughed, "That's because Caleb didn't relive it slowly. He had it all at once. Drake can't do that for you and Ariya. It would take too long and he doesn't have access to you both for that amount of time. Keo and Drake didn't lose as many memories as you did. They didn't lose painful memories, only facts about our history and everyone's true abilities." 
Mom nodded, "Ariya has had a very painful past and you were with her through most of it. You 2 relate on a level that no one else does. But through that pain you both can unlock your abilities on a different level." 
"Just like the 8 Enforcers that Boss has. They've unlocked their abilities past most people's understanding. You and Ariya will be able to do the same, son." Dad told me. 
"How do we do that?" I asked. 
"Trust her instincts. But you must also trust your own instincts. When you 2 complete the mate bond you will be able to connect on another level." Dad said. 
"We will. But how do we complete the mate bond? We haven't gotten that memory back yet." I said. 
Mom and Dad gave each other a knowing look. I cocked my head to the side, confused. 
"You don't have that memory because it doesn't exist." Mom said. 
"What?! Then how"
"Easy, why do you think we're here?" Dad smirked at me. 
"You both know everythingabout our history as Original Navi Wolves." I breathed in wonder. 
"Not only the Original Navi Wolves, but also the Blood Born Navi." Mom grinned. 
I stared in amazement. My parents couldn't have known that all of this was going to happen before they died. But somehow, they had planned for it. They made sure that I wouldn't be completely on my own. I began to wonder if they knew that Ariya was my mate. 
"I had a feeling she was when I met her for the first time. But I couldn't be certain until you met her. I felt an attachment to her and her brother, Keo, when I met them. They were always laughing and playing. We had planned to introduce you to them after you shifted for the first time. You were always meant to be a protector for them." Mom told me. 
Dad laughed at my stunned expression, "We know what you're thinking, even if you don't say it. We only exist inside of you now. As for the mate bond, we should have this conversation with both of you but I don't think that's necessarily possible." 
"Ariya could do it." I said confidently. 
"I'm sure she could, my beautiful boy but it wouldn't be safe to do it. We would have to be in your mind and the only way to do that is if you are both together and unconscious." Mom said. 
I sucked in a breath as the panic started to rise. I couldn't risk anything happening to her.
"I can tell her. Word for word of what you tell me. I will tell her." I said. 
"We know you will. Before you go to her in the morning, you have to see Drake first. This conversation won't be protected by the lock that Drake put for when you're around your Boss. Which means even as Justin, you'll know that you are Ivan and a wolf." Dad said. 
My eyes went wide, "Which means my hair won't change back." 
"That's right. And to avoid running into Boss as yourself, you need to find Drake while you're in wolf form. Do you remember how? I believe you got your memory back of when Mina had you try it for the first time." Mom said. 
I nodded. 
"Oh and Ivan. Your hair looks so much better like this." Dad laughed ruffling my hair. 
I beamed up at him, "I think so too. Ariya seems to love it." 
"She loves you, my beautiful boy. She loves all of you." Mom said. 
"She's worried about feeding from me though." I said sadly. 
"They get that way. Once you 2 bond she won't be so worried about it. But remember what I said about instincts. It's good you didn't push her to. You need to trust each other's instincts." Dad laughed. 
"Time is running out, we need to explain the mate bond to you before you wake. We won't see you again until after you both have bonded. You don't need to rush it either, Ivan. Don't forget what your Dad said, you need to see Drake before you go to work, but you must find him while you're a wolf. Don't risk being caught as your true self, Ivan." Mom warned.
###chapter Eighty Nine
*Ivan*


I padded down the road. It was early in the morning but I knew I needed to be careful. I was on high alert for any scent nearby. So far I was good. No one was near. I wasn't sure how I was going to find Drake. I wasn't exactly sure where they were so I headed to the forest where I saw them last. I decided when I got there I would howl and they could come to me. 
I had a few hours before I usually showed up to work. I didn't want to take too long though. I wanted to make sure I had enough time to get food for Ariya before I went in. Boss had told me to feed her more so she would be sleepier. Both of us were ok with it. It meant that Ariya wasn't starving for regular food and she was more likely to get memories back faster. Which meant we could leave there sooner if we needed to. I was worried about what Boss' plans were after she got all of her memories back. I was sure that he would want to start torturing her. I wasn't ready for that. I didn't want her to get hurt. She said she had an idea. When she told me about it I wasn't sure if it would work but the more I thought about it, the more it seemed like it could. 
I arrived at the forest without running into anyone. I had put a backpack on my back before shifting so I would have my shoes and a shirt when I shifted back. I put an extra shirt and shoes in the bag and planned on giving it to Drake to hold on to. Just in case. I sniffed the air around to test if anyone was nearby. No one was near me so I howled out. I hoped that one of them would hear me. If they didn't I would have to try to find them myself. I wasn't sure I would be able to pick up their scent quick enough if I went wandering around on my own. I had no idea where to even start looking. 
I caught a scent heading in my direction and recognized it as Caleb. I sniffed the air trying to make sure that no one else was coming outside of them. Luck seemed to be on our side because they were the only ones heading toward me. I ran in their direction, knowing I would run into them faster that way. After a few minutes I saw Caleb running toward me in his wolf form. His ears perked up as he came to a stop. He cocked his head to the side and I sniffed the air again. I couldn't smell any other scents aside from the 4 of us. No one was around. 
I nodded at Caleb and we both shifted back to our human form. Caleb started stretching out his arms and back. I looked at him curiously and he laughed. 
"I may or may not have spent the night as a wolf." Caleb said. 
"That doesn't solve my confusion, that actually makes it worse." I said. 
Keo laughed, "Apparently when Ari was old enough it was easier to hide in plain sight with Caleb pretending to be her dog. They didn't have to worry about Caleb shifting monthly and no one would question a girl having a giant dog as protection."
"Yeah. I kinda got used to being in wolf form so it's a bit of an adjustment being in human form so much now. Sometimes I stay as a wolf for the day. Remember, unlike you I can communicate with these 2." Caleb laughed, teasing me. 
I flinched at the comment thinking back to the night I couldn't find anyone while everyone was dying around me. Drake put his hand softly on my shoulder bringing me back to reality. 
"Maybe keep the teasing to a minimum for now, Caleb. I know you don't mean anything by it but they don't have their memories back completely yet. We don't know what's going to trigger Ivan or Ariya right now." Drake said, gently. 
He wasn't trying to punish Caleb or be mean but he was trying to protect Ariya and I. I looked at him, grateful. Caleb looked at me apologetically but I waved him off. 
"Don't stress about it. We're just trying to get through everything. The memories are coming back more frequently now. That's why I'm here, why I called you guys here. Drake, I need you to add something to the lock you created that separates me from Justin." I said. 
Drake stared at me for a moment and it was like I could see the moment that it clicked for him and he remembered. He nodded and immediately put his hand on my forehead. Keo and Caleb just watched as Drake adjusted the lock. When he removed his hand he looked at me curiously. 
"I don't really want to talk about it. I need to talk to Ari first. It's not fair if I tell you guys and she doesn't know. Besides, I don't have much time. I need to get back to her. Just know that the communication part might get fixed." I said, not completely sure. 
"You learned about the mate bond?" Caleb asked. 
I nodded but didn't say anything more. I knew they wouldn't push for answers. They didn't push me to talk when I wasn't ready. Not unless it was important. This was important but it didn't involve them. It was between Ariya and I. 
"Don't stress about telling her. Whatever it is. Whatever it entails. My sister loves you. She always has. From the day we met you, she's loved you. She's wanted nothing but to protect you and make you happy." Keo told me. 
I shifted uncomfortably, "That doesn't mean she's going to be willing to do this." 
"I know my sister. She will. So don't stress out about it. Just tell her. Whatever it is you're worried about, she's probably already told you your answer. You just might not have realized it." Keo said. 
"Just be careful, Ivan." Drake said. 
I looked at him curiously. I wondered if he knew what my parents had said. I wasn't sure. One day if we were ever able to talk just the 2 of us I would ask. Drake nodded at me like he could read my thoughts. I took the bag off of my back and pulled out the shirt and shoes I had in it. I put them on quickly and looked at Drake. 
"Just in case?" Drake asked. 
"YeahDo you know?" I asked him, deciding I couldn't wait. 
"When I added it to the lock I learned. It's a generalized lock so I won't need to do it again. The rest will be private. It's like the rest of your memories. You will have them as you. But not when you're Justin." Drake explained. 
"We're not going to ask either. That's between you and my sister." Keo said. 
"I'm not sure if I want to know the answer, but Keo, why do you seem so ok with me being mated to your sister?" I asked him. 
Keo laughed, "Don't get me wrong, it was a little weird at first but that was when we were kids. I used to tease her about her liking you more than I teased you about liking her. But you don't choose who you're mated to. If you were a bad guy I wouldn't be ok with it, but I know you. You're a good guy and you've always looked out for her. Why do you think I hated it when she liked you as Justin? Because that wasn't actually you." 
I growled, "I hate me as Justin. But at least with the change of the lock it's different. I know I'm me, but I don't know. It's like all the judgment and hate was Justin and that part is gone. Instead it's just my wolf side and my memories are behind a barrier. I know it's there but I don't know." 
"That sounds confusing." Caleb said. 
"Tell me about it." I laughed. 
###chapter Ninety
*Ariya*


I woke up still wrapped up in the blanket that smelled like Ivan. I heard footsteps coming but kept my eyes closed. I didn't want to get up just yet. After the memories I got I just wanted to lay in bed and cry. I was hoping that Ivan didn't get the same memories but a part of me knew he would. I wanted to hold him close and take his pain away. I wasn't sure if I would be able to do that. The door clicked open and the smell of food hit my nose. I wasn't sure if Ivan was alone but I guessed he was because I could still remember him. I cracked open one of my eyes and looked over towards him. 
"Just me, princess." Ivan laughed, flashing his wolf eyes at me. 
I went to get up to go over to him but he held his hand up telling me to stop. He set the food down and came over to me. I looked at him curiously. 
"You look so cozy, I wanted to just join you instead." Ivan said, kissing me softly on the lips. 
"I'm extremely cozy. You spoiled me with this blanket. Boss is going to end up taking it from me, saying it's too much privilege." I giggled, moving so I could lay my head in his lap. 
"I hope not." Ivan laughed. 
"Ivan." I started but stopped, unsure of what to say. 
"I'm ok, Ari. Really. But we have a lot to talk about."
"Is there time?" 
"Should be. I checked in with Boss before I came in here. He said he wanted to see how many more memories you would get if he let you just sleep and eat for the next few days. He also said he was working on something and that it should be ready in a week or twoWe might be running out of time, Ari." Ivan said, the worry showing on his face.
I sat up and took his face gently in my hands. I kissed him softly and then looked at him seriously. 
"Then let's not waste any time." I smiled at him. 
Ivan smiled back at me, his wolf eyes glowing, "I love you, Ari." 
"I love you too, Ivan." I said, burying my head into his chest. 
Ivan held me tightly, breathing in my scent, "I just don't want to freak you out about the mate bond." 
"It can't be that bad, can it?" I asked. 
"I guess it depends on how you look at it. I'm also not sure if we'll be able to complete the mate bond while we're here." Ivan sighed. 
"You're forgetting my superpower, aren't you?" I laughed at him. 
"Superpower?" Ivan laughed, raising an eyebrow at me. 
"Yes! My ability to figure things out. Duh!" I laughed, kissing him. 
Ivan laughed with me and for a moment I could see the stress start to melt off of him. I was happy seeing him laugh. It felt like it had been a while since all of our memories kept coming in and how much they hurt. But I knew it really hadn't been that long. It just felt like it. 
"You're right. But I still worry, Ariya. I need you to know that you don't have to do any of this. I also want to make sure that you want to do this. I don't want to pressure you into doing anything you don't want to do and I don't want you to feel like you have to. Not now. Not ever. Ok?" Ivan said, seriously. 
"I promise I'll be honest with you, Ivan. I won't lie to you and I will tell you how I truly feel. But I want the same from you. Even if we aren't on the same page with it, I think we both need to be willing to be completely honest with each other. I know this isn't a joke. I don't know all that a mate bond entails but I trust you to tell me. But I also trust you. I wouldn't be with you if I didn't." I told him, holding his gaze. 
"I promise you, I'll tell you how I truly feel." Ivan said. 
I hugged him tightly and then adjusted my spot so I could still be near him and touching him but also so we could look at each other. 
Ivan took a deep breath, "I guess I'll start from the beginning. So as wolves we sometimes have mates. Some explain it as a person we're destined to be with. Others explain it as a person that you were with in a past life and wish to spend every life together. It doesn't happen all the time but it does happen. When we first see our mate our eyes change color, usually to a color that's meant just for them. In my case with you, that color is blue. Typically wolves have a yellow eye color like Caleb. As an Original Navi Wolf we are able to communicate with other Original Navi Wolves and the Blood Born Navi. Except when we find our mate, if we find them, our eyes change and our mind is blocked from everyone. There's always some exceptions but that's pretty much what happened to me." 
"Exceptions?" I asked. 
"Yeah, for instance my parents were mates. My Mom was bonded to a Blood Born Navi, your Mom actually. But when she met my Dad it didn't change the bond that our Mom's made. They were able to continue communicating but until my Mom and Dad completed their version of the mate bond they were blocked from everyone else. For me, I met you before I shifted for the first time so I've always been blocked from communicating with anyone. Each mate bond is different based on who your mate is. Because I'm mated to you and you're a Blood Born Navi, it's a lot more complicated." Ivan said. 
"How so?" 
Ivan shifted uncomfortably, "To complete a regular bond, the Blood Born Navi has to feed until death would happen for a human and then offer their own blood for the Original Navi Wolf to take a bit of. It doesn't turn us but it completes the bond. For a mate bond it's different." 
I could tell that Ivan was nervous to tell me but I had a feeling I knew what he was going to say, "It's ok, Ivan. You can tell me." 
Ivan locked eyes with me, "For us to be able to complete a mate bond we first have to have acknowledged our love for one another. Since we've already done that we can actually do the steps to complete the mate bond. To do that we would have to have sex."
Ivan paused, looking at me. I could tell he was searching my eyes for any bit of fear. When I didn't say anything he decided to continue. 
"There's more. While we have sex you will have to feed from me to the point of death for a human and instead of you offering me blood, I would have to take it. Which means I would have to bite you." Ivan said. 
"That's it?" I asked. 
Ivan looked at me stunned, "What?" 
I blushed, "I mean I assumed the blood part for me. When you explained about the blood part to complete the bond for a regular bond I figured that would be part of ours too. Sex wasn't too big of a leap and makes sense if you think about it. We're mated so it's not too hard to put that piece of the puzzle together as being part of our requirement to complete a mate bond. I'm guessing completing a mate bond is like giving all of ourselves to each other. I thought there would be a catch, honestly." 
Ivan turned red, "There is, kinda."
"Oh?"
"We have to complete all of it at our climax." Ivan blushed. 
"Wait, what? Seriously? So you go, I go, I finish feeding, you bite down. All of that? At the same exact time?" I asked, my eyes wide. 
###chapter Ninety One
*Ariya*


"Yup." Ivan said.
Ivan was bright red and I was guessing that I was too. We had gotten a little heated at times and I had felt his excitement before. I knew it was likely that he wanted to have sex but we never talked about it. We always stopped because I was starving. I needed blood. That and I had chains on up until just yesterday. I was suddenly grateful that we hadn't learned about the mate bond while I was still in chains. That would have been some freaky stuff without meaning to be. 
"That's pretty specific. Is it possible to make all 4 of those happen at the same time?" I asked. 
"I think so, but I'm sure we'll have to communicate somehow. If I'm being honest, me biting you when I finish probably isn't the hard part of the equation." Ivan said. 
"It sounds like the easiest part of all of it." I laughed. 
"Yeah. The difficult part should be finishing together and then finishing the kill so to speak at the same time. Is there a way to control the amount of blood you take at a time? Like to make it faster or" Ivan trailed off, realizing my expression. 
My breathing had picked up and my fangs had come out. The hunger was eating away at me. I need blood and the thought of taking a lot of it made me start to lose control. My tongue was moving back and forth across my fangs as the thought of feeding was sinking in. A growl escaped me as my eyes locked on Ivan's neck. 
Ivan cursed, "I'm sorry, Ari. I forgot." 
Ivan pulled me closer to him and lifted my head to force my gaze to meet his. His eyes glowed blue as he leaned down and kissed me gently. 
"Come back to me." Ivan whispered. 
"Ivan." I breathed. 
"Don't worry, princess. I'm sorry. I didn't realize." Ivan said softly, nuzzling my head with his. 
I took a few deep breaths, regaining my control. It wasn't going to last for very long. If we were going to complete the mate bond we needed to do it soon, or Ivan would need to get me more blood bags to drink. I looked up at Ivan, locking eyes with him. I knew he could see the worried expression on my face. He pulled me close to him, letting me bury my head in his chest. For some reason, even though I was hungry, when I was in his arms it was like the hunger didn't exist. Like I could stay in control because he was protecting me. 
"We'll make it work somehow if that's what you want to do. But you need to know what completing the mate bond means." Ivan paused for a moment before continuing, "Completing the mate bond means we will be able to communicate similar to the way you can communicate with Keo, Drake, and Caleb. For them they send you a push and the other accepts it to create the connection. For you and I we only need to send the push." 
"So accepting each other by completing the mate bonds means that we accept everything, including the mind link at all times?" I asked. 
"Yes, but I believe it's also different. It was really hard to understand that part for me since I've never experienced it. They tried explaining but we were running out of time. They told me to tell you it's different than what's been happening now but that they would explain." 
"They?" I asked, looking up at Ivan, confused. 
"Right. Um. So that's also really hard to explain. Long story short, your Mom did something and I was able to talk to my parents again. They say hi by the way. Oh and that we would meet with them together if we completed the mate bond. They would explain more about things that I didn't completely understand." 
Tears threatened to fall as I looked at Ivan. I was so happy that he was able to speak to his parents again after losing them. The pain he'd been in after losing them was hard enough for him the first time. I couldn't imagine going through it again a second time. I was sure they'd taken the suffering away so he wouldn't have to go through it a second time. 
"I was happy too. Don't cry though, it's ok." Ivan said softly. 
"I can't help it. I'm emotional sometimes." I said. 
"I love you even more for it." Ivan smiled before continuing, "So yeah, they'll have to explain how it's different but it is. It's not like we're always in each other's heads but it sounded like we could be if we wanted to. But they said that we could borrow or enhance each other's abilities. I didn't completely understand that part either. They said that it would take a lot of training but that as mates we could learn to read each other's movements which means that fighting together is a lot more effective. But while I could basically borrow your energy manipulation or dragon's eye, I wouldn't be able to borrow your vampire side. For you, you could borrow my sense of smell and hearing but you wouldn't be able to shift into a wolf. If that makes sense." 
"Not gonna lie. I'm a little jealous that I'm not going to be able to borrow your wolf." I laughed. 
Ivan laughed with me, "You might not be able to borrow it, but if I'm not mistaken you can still experience it. You would have to do it through me with our mind link." 
My eyes got big, "I could feel how you feel?" 
Ivan grinned, "Yup and I could feel how you feel." 
I squealed a bit in excitement. I was always curious about how it felt for Ivan. His wolf was very large and beautiful and I used to wonder how he saw things. How he felt. What it felt like to run. Everything. 
"There's a bit more, Ari. Completing the mate bond means I will instantly know if it's you. Everytime. My parents said it would leave 2 marks. One on your left shoulder and one that was invisible to everyone but me. Specifically my wolf eyes. They also said that you would mark me in the same way as well. As long as you were alive I would live. I would stop aging with you. If I was ever to die, it wouldn't change your aging, but if you were to die I would start aging again." 
"I would rather die than lose you." I said, the tears streaming down my face at the thought of him not being there with me. 
Ivan looked at me softly, "I feel the same way, princess. But promise this to me, instead of dying with me, live for me, for both of us." 
"I will, but only if you promise to as well." I whispered. 
Ivan lifted my head to his, "I promise, Ari." 
Ivan kissed me softly. I hated the thought of losing him but I would do as he asked, no matter how painful it was. For some reason I knew a part of him would always be with me, just like a part of me would always be with him. 
"There's one last thing that I remember but this one goes whether we complete the mate bond or not." 
"What's that?" I asked. 
"My blood will be poison to everyone but you." 
###chapter Ninety Two
*Ariya*


"Poison? Like it would kill them?" I asked. 
"No. My understanding is that it would basically burn them or feel like they were drinking acid if they tried. Unless they hold on and keep going through that they will be fine." Ivan explained. 
"Sounds pretty brutal but I'm kinda glad that no one is going to feed from you but me. But now I kinda feel bad for Caleb." I said. 
"If he doesn't want them to feed from him, he'll tell them. But trust me, it's not like it's a major inconvenience on our side." Ivan laughed. 
"Yeah I still don't understand that." 
Ivan's wolf eyes flashed at me, "It's something that we need you guys to do otherwise it feels like our body is going to explode. It doesn't hurt us. It hurts humans, like Boss. But it doesn't hurt the Navi Wolves." 
"But Caleb wasn't hurting the entire time I was with him." 
"That's because he didn't bond with anyone yet. It doesn't hurt new wolves. You have to reach a certain age or bond before it starts to hurt." 
"Certain age?" 
"Yeah, Original Navi Wolves are the only ones that have that issue. When we reach a certain age, kind of like when you guys hit your prime you're supposed to turn, it happens to us. Or if we bond with someone and then don't get fed from for a while." 
"You would be at that age, wouldn't you?"
Ivan nodded, "The first time, when I asked you to as myself, I needed you to." 
My eyes started to change and I shook my head, trying to stay in control. Ivan lifted my head to his and kissed me softly. I relaxed instantly and rested my head against his chest. Ivan had his arms wrapped around me, holding me close. We hated the distance from each other. I wasn't sure if it was the mate bond, but I didn't care. I just wanted to be close to him. 
"Ari, we should talk about the mate bond." Ivan said, softly. 
"I want us to be able to communicate through our mind already. I would be able to talk to you when you left. I hate it when you go." I pouted. 
Ivan laughed, "I hate leaving. But I am on the same page with you. Honestly, I wouldn't care if you lived in my head rent free. If you were always there. I miss you when I'm not with you." 
"Can we do that?" I asked him, excited. 
"I don't see why not. If we want to always have our mind connected, I'm sure we'd be able to. Except when I'm Justin, I think. I don't know how it will work like that." Ivan said. 
"I worry about us being able to feel what the other feels though." I told him. 
"The torture?" Ivan asked, concerned. 
"Yeah. I don't want you to feel it. I don't want you to be in pain with me. All the good feelings, yes, but not the bad ones. I don't want you to go through that." I said, softly. 
"I don't want you to go through it either, but after seeing Boss' ability, I know we aren't going to be able to escape from here very easily. Ari, I'm ok with feeling the fear and the pain. I'm not going to be ok about anything hurting you but I already feel that way. I'm not sure if it works in the same exact way though. I don't think it will debilitate me but if I could take some of the pain from you, maybe it won't be so hard on you?" 
"Promise me if it's too much that we can cut the mind link until I'm healed. Promise me you won't be angry with me for cutting the mind link to protect you from the pain and promise me that if I cut it you won't force the link." I said, refusing to budge. 
Ivan sighed, "I promise we can cut the link, but only if you promise to take as much as you need from me to heal quickly. I can't promise that I won't be angry but I will do my best not to be angry at you if you cut the link. I will promise not to force it if you cut it for that reason." 
"Deal." I told him and saw him visibly relax. 
"The ability part doesn't bother me but I don't think we should do it unless we talk about it or have trained with it a lot first. The last thing we need is one of us to be trying to rely on one of the abilities and the other is actively using it. I don't know exactly how it works but I'm guessing that only one of us can be using it at a time." Ivan said. 
I nodded, "I agree, but I think we need to work on trying to figure it out sooner than later. We don't know what Boss has planned exactly and we need to be prepared. As for the aging part, I think we both already knew about that so that doesn't bother me." 
Ivan smiled, "I agree, that's just what we're used to. Besides, it means that I get you all to myself for as long as we both live." 
"That only leaves 2 more things. I worry about the visible marks. I'm not worried about the marks on me because Boss won't even really know. But I worry about you. If Boss or anyone sees it, you're going to get caught and I'm not going to be ok with that." I said, worried. 
"I have a feeling the marks will be like my hair, Ari. Even still, I can probably just pretend it's a tattoo. I doubt that they'll notice. But I will let you know if I feel something even slightly off if they do see it. But they shouldn't." 
"Ok." I said.
I was still a little concerned. We didn't know what the marks would even look like but Ivan didn't seem worried about it at all. I thought about all the time that I'd spent with him as Justin and never once did I see Justin injured or his clothes ripped. I relaxed when I thought about it. Ivan was strong and by default that made Justin strong. If we trained together I had a feeling it would only make him stronger. 
"I guess that brings us to the elephant in the room. The actual act of completing the mate bond." Ivan said. 
"Have you thought about it?" I asked him. 
Ivan laughed, "Princess, if you haven't been able to tell already, I've thought about it many times." 
I giggled thinking back, "It's kinda hard not to notice. No pun intended." 
Ivan blushed, "Sorry. I can't necessarily stop it from happening sometimes. But Ari, you need to know, it will be my first time." 
I gawked at him, "Wait really? I would have thought that. Sorry. Um" 
Ivan laughed, "Don't apologize, princess. I get it. We were kids when we were separated and when I infiltrated I was only focused on that. I never really talked to anyone. No one here is my friend. The only people that ever got more than 1 word answers out of me was Boss and you. It wasn't something I ever thought of. When I met you again I did but I never acted on it towards you as you know. I was sent in on a mission by Drake. I don't think he did it on purpose but my only focus was that." 
I blushed, "I get that. I was the same way. I never looked at Caleb in a romantic way. He was always a friend but when we were all separated it was like we all had to grow up overnight and Caleb took on a Guardian role for me instantly. He was basically a parental figure for me. I think we were all just focused on surviving whether we realized it or not. I think when Drake locked our memories he didn't take the emotion part away. So our last emotion was survival. I knew I was a Navi but I didn't know all the details of everything." 
"So everyday you were in survival mode. Trying to hide who you were. Trying not to get caught?" Ivan asked, the concern evident on his face. 
"Yeah. So it's the same for me. This will be my first time. I'm glad though. I wouldn't want it to be with anyone else. I trust you and I love you. You're the one I want to be with, Ivan." I told him. 
Ivan's lips crashed into mine as he kissed me passionately. I could tell that he was trying to convey his feelings to me. That this was his way of saying ditto. When he pulled back from the kiss his eyes were glowing his wolf's blue. My blue. 
"Are you sure this is what you want, princess?" Ivan asked me, out of breath from the kiss. 
I nodded, "Are you?"
###chapter Ninety Three
*Ivan*


I almost lost all self control I had. I wanted to bury myself in her, literally and figuratively. I pulled her closely, breathing in her scent. I felt like I couldn't get close enough to her. She had wrapped her arms around me as I had done to her. Both of us felt like we needed each other as close as possible right now. 
"This isn't how I wanted to do this, princess." I said, while I kissed her softly.
"We don't have much of a choice now do we? I mean if you want we can try to escape but I'm pretty sure that's going to be the most difficult thing to do, it being the beginning of the day and all." Ariya giggled trying to make light of our situation.  
I froze instantly as the words sank in and Ariya did too. We had gotten caught up in the moment without realizing what time it was. Everyone was coming in right now and the amount of movement in the facility was going to be at its peak. 
I cursed as I pulled away from her a bit, "Ari, we can't do this right now. The likelihood that we get caught now is so much higher than if we wait until tonight." 
Ari cursed, "You're right. Ugh! I wish we could just pretend that I was sleeping." 
I blinked at her, "Ari, you're a genius." 
"I am?" She asked, surprised at my sudden excitement. 
"Yes. Boss's whole point of giving you a mattress, a blanket, a pillow, and more food had a lot to do with him wanting to make you sleep more. He'll do anything to get your memories back faster. It means there's a reason to have the light out in this room. Even though I'm supposed to be here watching." I grinned. 
"Ok, but I'm pretty sure turning the light out isn't going to help keep them from noticing any sounds that happen." Ariya laughed. 
"The room is mostly sound proof. Only extremely loud noises can even be heard. Boss doesn't like anyone knowing more than he wants them to so all the rooms are sound proof. That doesn't mean you can't hear anything but unless someone is screaming or something no one can hear anything unless they were in here or right outside. But it doesn't matter because you can put a barrier up like we did when we were worried about my wolf howling. That makes it to where no one can hear. Your ability works for us because it's black. If your energy manipulation was a different color it would be a problem but it's black. It works in our favor." I explained. 
"Ivan, I'm pretty sure it's you who's the genius here." Ari laughed. 
"No, princess. That's still you. You're just rubbing off on me. Don't forget this whole plan of revenge is yours. The rest of us are along for the ride. We do have to take care of a couple things first before we do anything." I said. 
Ari nodded, putting the pieces together, "We need to make sure Boss isn't going to come in here."
"Which means I need to go check in with him. I need to tell him that you didn't seem to want to get up. I need to tell him that you got another memory back, even if he comes in here for a minute to talk to you." I said. 
"You also need to make sure that it looks like the light is out if the barrier is up." 
"I'll have to leave twice then. The first time so I can check in with Boss. You'll have to actually turn the light out, just in case he comes back with me. The second time, put the barrier up so I can make sure it looks like the light is out with the barrier." 
"It sounds pretty solid but how do you plan on managing to leave the room twice?" Ariya asked me. 
"Well the first time can be to just report to Boss. The second time can be when I leave to go get you lunch." I grinned at her. 
"I like this plan." Ariya told me. 
I took her face gently in my hands and locked eyes with her, "Ari, are you absolutely sure this is what you want?" 
"More than anything. Are you sure?" She told me and I could tell she had no hesitation. 
"Absolutely. I need you to do something for me though. I need you to reach out to Drake. I need him to adjust the lock a little bit again." I told her. 
She looked at me confused, "Is everything ok?"
"Yes. I just want to make sure that I won't lose my memories in the middle of it if someone gets too close to the door. Your consent and our mate bond is with me. Not with Justin." I growled. 
Ariya's face went pale, "I don't want to risk that happening. I only want this you. Not with Justin. I know you're kind of the same person but you're also not. I don't hate you as Justin, but I'm in love with you as Ivan. Not Justin." 
"I wouldn't let that happen. That's why I need to talk to Drake when I leave the second time. He needs to adjust the lock so that if I'm ever in a dome that you created and it's just the 2 of us I won't lose my memories. Only if another person is in the dome with us should I not have my memories." 
"So if someone comes into the room then?" Ariya asked, worried. 
"We'll just have to pretend to fight like we did the last time. I can say you woke up that way and lost control and we can blame it on your memories. Boss should be willing to let it slide. Especially because he believes that I have the upper hand fighting you." 
"I mean you pretty much do have the upper hand. You've been trained in all the different forms of combat there is. I'm pretty sure there are very few people that can actually beat you in hand to hand combat." Ariya laughed. 
"Like I told Drake, if he used his ability he would have taken me down easily." I laughed. 
"That's fair but I'm not Drake. I don't have complete control over my abilities like he does." 
"You will. I'll help teach you how to fight and Drake will teach you about controlling it in the way that he can." 
"You'll be able to use my ability too." Ariya pointed out. 
"Then you'll get to teach me how instead." I said grinning at her. 
Ariya's face lit up in excitement at being able to teach me how to use her abilities. The truth was, I was excited to learn. My parents said that we would be able to bring each other up to a new level and with the potential threat of the Enforcers when we escaped, I knew that we would need it. Drake was strong but I wasn't confident that he would be able to beat the Enforcers without suffering a massive amount of damage. 
I needed to make sure that Ariya was going to be ok throughout all of it. I needed to make sure I taught her everything I knew. If we couldn't beat Boss we wouldn't be able to get out of here. I wanted us to be able to leave as soon as we needed to. Without hesitation. Without fear that we wouldn't make it out. Right now, we wouldn't be able to make it out. I wanted us to be able to make it out even if we were to leave with everyone here. I didn't want to question it and I was sure that Ari felt the same and that was why she stayed. 
###chapter Ninety Four
*Ivan*


I did as we planned and left to go report to Boss. I wasn't completely sure where he would be but while I was speaking to him, Ariya would talk to Drake. As I left the room I felt my memories begin to fade. I hardened my expression and went to Boss's office. 
His office was on the opposite end of where Ariya was, which meant he was also near the front of the building. It allowed him to leave quickly when needed but also allowed him to be the last level of defense if someone tried to escape. No one ever even bothered to try escaping. Part of me wished they did. I liked the chase of trying to find someone. 
I knocked on Boss's door and heard him tell me to come in. I opened the door and saw other people there. It looked like it was everyone from the original assignment for going after Drake. Adam, Jess, Leo, Link, and Mya were all there. When I walked in I could clearly see Jess go pale. Boss caught my eye and had an amused expression on his face. 
"I didn't mean to interrupt." I said to Boss. 
"You're not. Actually it's good you're here. I was just about to talk to them about our little Navi we have." Boss cooed. 
I smirked at him. I had a pretty good idea where this was going. Boss and I had worked together for a long time and there were moments like these where we would talk in code to each other. Boss didn't actually need me here but I added an element of fear. 
"I've been hearing that some of you are upset about the treatment that the little Navi has been getting." Boss started. 
All 5 of them visibly stiffened from Boss's words. None of them said anything. They wouldn't dare. I watched as Boss scanned each of their faces. He wanted them to talk so he could shut it down. Boss didn't take betrayal lightly. Regardless of their thoughts and feelings, they shouldn't say anything to anyone other than Boss. Jess was as pale as a ghost and looked like she could throw up at any moment. 
"This is your chance to voice your concerns. You won't get another chance." Boss warned them. 
To my surprise it was Link that spoke, "Are we going to do anything about her?" 
"At some point the 5 of you will fight her. Though I'm not sure any of you stand a chance." Boss laughed. 
"What can we do to stand a chance?" Mya asked. 
"Nothing. You all forget that Justin and I were the ones that trained her." Boss said. 
"Is that why Justin is the only one allowed in the room outside of you?" Leo asked. 
"Let me make something clear. No one and I mean no one will step within 30 feet of that room without my say so. If they do, Justin will kill them without hesitation. Ariya is off limits. I have plans for her which is why she's getting treated the way she is. Any questions?" Boss threatened them. 
"What's your plans for her?" Adam asked. 
Boss nodded so slightly that I knew no one but me would catch it. I jumped across the room, ripping Adam from his chair, and I pinned him against the wall. Adam's eyes were wide with fear and he coughed as I had my hand around his throat.
"My plans are none of your business right now. When I choose to share information you will know. Until then forget that Ariya ever even existed. Especially if you want to live. Justin is under direct orders from me and if you all know what's good for you, you'll stay far away from him as well." Boss threatened. 
I released Adam and he dropped to the ground coughing. All of them looked at me with fear in their eyes. Jess was the only one that didn't ask anything. She'd already had this conversation with Boss and she knew that no good would come from asking anything. Ariya was off limits to them. Boss had his plans and he hadn't even shared most of them with me. He was playing a very tight strategic match and had to make sure he made his moves in the right way. He wasn't willing to risk anything. Not when it came to the possibility of catching Drake. 
Boss dismissed them and had me close the door after the last one left. Like the room Ariya was in, his office was also sound proof. He didn't want his conversation overheard. 
"I hadn't planned on calling you but I'm glad you showed up. Tell me what it is you needed to tell me." Boss started. 
"She had another memory last night. Whatever it was, she didn't seem to want to get up when I got here this morning. I'm pretty sure if I give her enough food she'll sleep all day." 
"She's living through all her emotions from each memory. You need to be careful, she might wake up and attack." 
"I will. Do you want me to try to get her to sleep most of the day?" 
"Yes. Let's go talk to her first. See if she learned anything new that can be useful." Boss said. 
Boss and I went to the room that Ariya was in. The light was off when we got there and I looked at Boss, unsure if he'd change his mind about going in. 
"If she's sleeping we can wait to see if she's dreaming. If she's not we'll wake her up. I want to know about this new memory." Boss said. 
We walked into the room and Ariya sat up immediately. 
"I'm gonna turn the lights on, Ariya." Boss said, flipping them on.
Ariya flinched at the light for a moment but adjusted quickly. She looked at Boss concerned.  
"I'm sorry. I'm just really tired today. It's easier to sleep with the lights off." Ariya apologized. 
"That's understandable. You can turn them off again, I wanted to talk to you about your most recent memory first." Boss said. 
Ariya nodded, "Ivan and Caleb came to live with us when Keo and I were 5 years old." 
"Why did they go to live with you guys?" Boss asked her. 
"Their parents were killed. I think Ivan was 10 and Caleb was 9 when it happened." 
"So they're 4 and 5 years older than you?" Boss asked. 
"No, 5 and 6. Their birthdays were only a couple months after everything happened." Ariya said. 
"So that makes Caleb 28 and Ivan 29 if their birthdays have passed." Boss said. 
It was like I could see the wheels turning in Boss's head as he was putting things together. Caleb and Ivan were the only 2 that could hide in plain sight. Boss had never met either of them face to face that he knew of. So that made them a lot harder to find. 
Ariya seemed to want to ask something but hesitated. 
"You can ask, Ariya." Boss told her. 
"Do you know why their parents were killed?" Ariya asked him.
###chapter Ninety Five
*Ariya*


"Do you know why their parents were killed?" I asked Boss. 
"It was for a similar reason to the rest of the Navi. The attack was launched by my predecessor. He had this idea that if all of the Navi Wolves were killed, it would seriously hurt the Navi Vampires. He failed to see how close you all were with each other and didn't take into account that the Navi Vampires wouldn't just let all of the Navi Wolves die. He took out a large amount of Navi but it didn't do too much damage. We lost more people that night than we took out." Boss explained. 
"He wasn't completely wrong. There were only 3 Original Navi Wolves left after that. Ivan and Caleb made 5 but that wasn't known for another 3 or 4 years. There were still Navi Wolves but the ones that would hurt the Navi were the Original Navi Wolves. They're the only ones that can bond with a Blood Born Navi." I explained. 
Boss's eyebrows pushed together, "What do you mean bond? How are the Navi Wolves different from the Original Navi Wolves?" 
"The only thing I know is that the Navi Wolves didn't have the same abilities as the Original Navi Wolves. Original Navi Wolves shifted and didn't shift back for about a week after their first shift. Original Navi Wolves were the only ones that could survive being fed on by a Blood Born Navi if they were drained completely. For some reason they basically had an unlimited amount of blood but they also needed to be fed on. That's how the Blood Born Navi didn't have to kill all the time. A regular person couldn't feed a Blood Born Navi as much as they needed. But an Original Navi Wolf can. The regular Navi Wolves tended to be around the Navi Vampires while the Original Navi Wolves were around the Blood Born Navi. Bonding was something that only an Original Navi Wolf and Blood Born Navi could do. My understanding is that there's a process to be able to bond but once they do, the Original Navi Wolf doesn't age anymore unless the one they're bonded to dies." 
"So Ivan and Caleb were meant to bond with you and Keothi?" Boss asked me. 
"Yes. Ivan was to bond with me. Caleb was to bond with Keo. But only if both sides were ok with it. I think we talked about it when we were kids but I don't remember that yet. No one knew for sure if Keo and I would turn. It was assumed but until it happened it was always up for discussion. The same thing went for Ivan and Caleb. No one knew they were Original Navi Wolves until after they shifted for the first time and didn't shift back for a week. But after the attack, Caleb was the one that took care of me. So Caleb had planned on bonding with me if he had to." 
"Did you bond with him?" Boss asked, intrigued. 
"No. I didn't remember how and neither did Caleb. Drake locked both of our memories before we left. So even if I had turned before they found us we wouldn't have known how to." I answered. 
"So there's hope for Ivan yet. I told you that boy loves you. He'll come for you once he remembers everything. I still want to know why his eyes are blue and not yellow like Caleb. There's something with that. I know it." 
"If there is, no one ever told me when we were kids." I answered. 
"It's interesting that you're getting your memories in a random order. I would think it would happen in order, but it seems to be jumping all over the place. Your most traumatic was first which makes sense but the rest seem off." Boss said, thinking out loud. 
I sucked in a breath as the realization hit me, "You mentioned my Mom. Every memory I've gotten back outside of the full night of the attack has had her in it." 
Boss laughed, "Actually, you're almost right. Every memory you've gotten back has had something to do with Ivan. He's also been in every single memory. But he's been a main point of all of your memories. That's probably why you can't see him yet. Why he's a blur in your memory. You don't know what he looks like because HE has to find YOU. He's been the key to your memories this whole time. It doesn't matter if I don't know what he looks like. He's going to try to rescue you. Like I said he loves you. He'll come to me. I don't have to go to him. The same goes with the rest of them. They'll come to me to try to get to you. All I have to do is wait." 
I gulped, unsure of if I wanted the answer, "What does that mean for me then?" 
Boss looked at me confused, "The same as it always has. It doesn't change anything. I want to know what you learn from your memories. I want to learn how to fight your kind. As long as you continue to behave you keep what you have and you have the possibility of earning more." 
"What happens when I don't have any more memories to go through? Are you going to torture me?" I asked. 
"Only if you don't behave. You've continued to give me what I want every time. The only way you will get held down and tortured is if you don't behave." Boss answered. 
"If you're not going to torture me then how are you going to learn more about fighting the Navi?"
I knew I was treading in dangerous waters and I wasn't sure I totally wanted the answer. But I would rather know and have time to mentally prepare myself over being thrown into it one day. 
Boss smirked at me, "I have something being built and worked on for you. As long as you follow every rule I give you, you stand a fighting chance. Each and every time. I'll even give you rewards after each one if you'd like. But we'll figure out the details later. For now, just know that you aren't going to be held down and tortured. That should give you some peace of mind, right Ariya?" 
"It does but it also confuses me. Why are you being so nice to me? Why are you changing the plan instead of torturing me?" I asked. 
"You're earning it. Whether you realize it or not, every time you tell me about your memories, you're giving me valuable intel. Things that I'm not going to get from reading a book. This is information that we never knew. The more we know, the more equipped I am to deal with not only finding them but getting rid of them." 
I looked down. I wished that he didn't only see the information that I was giving him. I wished that he would start to see us as people just trying to exist in this world. But that's how it goes. One person does something terrible or a couple people and suddenly that entire group is guilty. Regardless of the actions of anyone else. It's happened time and time again. Terrorist attacks that have one thing in common and suddenly everyone from that has that commonality is part of the terror group. Regardless of the truth. Instead of judging each person as an individual, Boss was lumping all of them together. 1 or 2 Navi that killed someone meant that we were all killers. Even if we did everything we could not to kill. We were just trying to survive at this point. But we'd had enough. Eventually if you keep putting pressure on something it's going to break or come back even stronger. There were only 5 of us left and we weren't breaking. I'd shown loyalty to Boss when I worked for him and it didn't matter. As soon as I turned I was a monster to him. I understood some of his rationale but it wasn't a good enough excuse to commit genocide. 
This world was broken and it hurt to just be constantly misunderstood.
###chapter Ninety Six
*Ivan*


Boss had left the room after their discussion. I saw Ariya start to break apart in front of me when Boss told her that she was earning not being tortured because she was telling him everything he needed and wanted to know. He believed that the information he was getting was going to help him in his fight against us. He was only partially right. Ariya had carefully planned on the information that would be hidden and Drake did a good job of making sure the lock took those memories the second someone else was around. 
I flashed my wolf eyes at Ariya and pulled her into my arms. She looked up at me and gave me a weak smile. I could see the tears in her eyes as they threatened to fall. I looked at her concerned. I wrapped my arms around her and held her tightly. She buried her head into my chest and cried. I sat there holding her in my arms for a bit while she melted in a puddle. 
"You know he's not getting anything that we wouldn't be willing to tell him if we were all in front of him right?" I told her, softly. 
"I know, but he's a master of strategy. What if something I tell him does lead to our downfall?" She sobbed. 
"I don't think that's going to happen. The most important things are locked by Drake. He even created a whole reason on why you don't know what I look like, Ari. I think Boss is starting to get blind by what he wants to see." 
"So he misses what he should be seeing? That the truth is we're not monsters like everyone thinks we are. Why would they just kill you guys? Your parents, Caleb's parents? All to what? Try to hurt the Blood Borns? You guys being near us puts you in danger." 
"Shhhh. Don't blame yourself, Ari. We need you guys more than you need us if you think about it. We need to have our blood drained. You guys don't need us to be able to survive. You need blood. But that doesn't mean it has to come from us." I said, trying to console her. 
I understood exactly where she was coming from. But I think I only understood because I had lived through all of it with her in a way. She was alone for part of it but we grew up together. We were together most of the time the night of the attack. When we were separated a part of me wondered why everyone hated the Navi. But eventually, over time, I began to hate them because that was what the world around me told me to do. But when I found out that she was a Navi I was torn as Justin because I didn't have the memories of being a Navi. I only knew that they were monsters to be feared and taken down. But I knew Ariya. She wasn't a monster. But then she attacked me. It wasn't until I remembered being a wolf and remembered Ariya as a kid that I realized she was only trying to survive. 
"People will only see what the world shows them. Even when I was Justin. I hated us because I was told to hate us. But I never hated you. I never feared you. I had a crush on you but was too afraid to show it. As Justin I believed that the Navi were monsters. When I found out you were a Navi I was confused. I was confused because I believed Navi were monsters but I never thought of you as one. I was torn more because when you attacked me, I thought it proved that you were a monster. But knowing what I know now and having the memories of being a Navi, I know you were only trying to survive." I told her. 
"So what do we do?" Ariya asked me. 
"I think we should continue doing what we're doing. Continue to show Boss that you're cooperating. Continue to show him that you're not a monster. Continue to tell him the reasons we did different things. If someone shows you time after time who they are, you should believe it. Unfortunately I don't know if Boss is going to see it. Which is why we have to get stronger. We have to be ready to fight if we need to. But only in defense. I think offense is best suited in a worst case scenario but if we're trying to prove to them that we're not going to hurt them, then we have to stay on defense." I told her. 
"We have to be willing to go on offense if necessary though."  
"I agree. But only if absolutely necessary." 
"What if they never get it?" Ariya asked me. 
"Then we make sure that we're strong enough to protect ourselves and each other. We make sure that no one can beat us. We show them that as long as they don't come after us, we won't go after them." 
"So when do we start?" Ariya asked, wiping the tears from her eyes. 
"Whenever you want, princess." I said, kissing her softly. 
"Can we do it after we complete the mate bond?" Ariya asked me. 
My body shivered at her request and my wolf eyes glowed at her. Ariya giggled at my body's response and reached up to kiss me softly. I looked at her lovingly. I wanted so badly to complete the mate bond right now but one more thing needed to happen before we could. 
"I guess I need to go speak with Drake real quick then." I told her. 
"Don't forget to bring back food. Drake will wait for you in the forest and then he will let me know before you come back in to make sure that I put the barrier up so you can see it." 
"Sounds good. I'll be back in a bit then, princess." I told her. 
I gave Ari another soft kiss before I left the room. I felt my memories fade like usual and began to walk towards the entrance of the building. Boss had threatened the staff about being anywhere near Ariya's room along with being near me. It made me smirk internally to myself because I didn't run into anyone for the first 100 feet. I passed by Adam and Jess as I headed out and they both went pale when they saw me. They didn't even attempt to speak to me, much less look at me. I got to the front entrance and the guards even seemed nervous. Boss must have spoken to them as well because no one even tried to bother me. It was just the way I liked it. 
Boss knew I hated everyone trying to be close to me. That I kept to myself. He respected it and seemed to appreciate that I didn't just blab everything to the first person that would listen. Boss was similar in that way. He would talk to people but he never really gave any real information to anyone. 
I left the building and made my way to the forest. As I got close to the forest I could feel my memories coming back and my hair changing. I got a sudden urge to shift and run in my wolf form. My body shivered violently and my breathing picked up. 
"Everything ok, Ivan?" Drake asked me. 
I shook my head trying to get the words out, "NoNeedShift"
I pulled my shirt off over my head and kicked off my shoes quickly. I wasn't sure what was going on but I needed to shift suddenly. My body shook violently and felt like it was going to explode. I shifted, landing on the ground on all 4 paws. My body still felt hot, like it was going to explode. I yelped in pain. 
"Ivan, Ariya needs to feed from you when you get back to her. For now, run. It will take it away for a bit but you need to make sure that Ariya feeds from you or it will come back. It's at the beginning stages so it should only last for 5 or 10 minutes." Drake told me. 
I did as Drake said and took off running. I ran as fast as my legs would take me. After about 10 minutes the heat died down and I no longer felt like I was going to explode. I ran back to where I left Drake waiting for me. 
"All good?" Drake asked as I shifted back into my human form. 
"Yeah. I think so." I said, trying to catch my breath. 
"It's probably only happening because she hasn't fully drained you yet. You got your memories back and you're at the right age. If she feeds a bit from you then it will hold it off temporarily. She needs to fully drain you for it to not come back. That is unless she doesn't feed from you for a while. It needs to be consistent. I know you both are trying to keep a low profile but Boss isn't going to give her as much blood as she actually needs. My guess is that she's starving right now. Which even though you guys haven't completed the mate bond yet, doesn't mean it's not going to affect you." Drake told me. 
I nodded, "I need to get back to her but I need my lock adjusted a little bit." 
"Ariya explained it to me. Just be careful, ok?" 
"We will." I promised.
###chapter Ninety Seven
*Ivan*


"It looks like the light is off when you put the dome up." I told Ariya. 
She grinned at me, running into my arms, "Perfect!" 
I wrapped my arms around her tightly and kissed her softly. I didn't want to have any separation from her. I put my forehead against hers and stared into her eyes. 
"Are you sure this is what you want, princess?" I asked. 
"Yes. Are you?" Ariya asked me. 
Hearing her say yes made my eyes change to my wolf's blue, Ariya's blue. I kissed her passionately, pressing my body against her. I felt my body swell in excitement and wanted to bury myself in her. Ariya giggled against my lips. 
"I'll take that as a yes." Ariya giggled. 
"Good, because that's how it's supposed to be taken." I smiled at her. 
Ariya wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling me towards her, kissing me passionately, ferociously. It was like we couldn't get enough of each other. We couldn't be close enough. I ran my hands down her back to her legs and pulled her up, never once breaking the kiss. Ariya wrapped her legs around me pulling her closer to me. 
I could feel the heat from her core as her body pressed against my erection. I moaned in response. I wanted to be inside her so bad. We continued kissing, never even bothering to take a moment to breathe as I found the wall and pressed her up against it. This time the moan came from her. I could feel myself harden even more. 
I started exploring her mouth with my tongue. Her body started to relax more, practically melting into my own. I felt the painful heat from the forest start to spread through my body as I ran my tongue over her canines. Ariya's canines formed into fangs and she pulled away from me, breaking our kiss. We breathed heavily, gasping for the air that we'd denied our bodies of. My body shivered from the painful heat. 
"Don't." I told her, kissing her softly on cheek, "Don't pull away from me, just give in to what you need. It's ok. I want you to feed from me. I need you to feed from me." 
Ariya looked at me and before she could speak, I captured her mouth with mine once again. Our tongues began to dance with each other as our kiss deepened. My tongue ran over one of her fangs and she nipped it slightly, drawing blood. I groaned in pleasure and she responded by biting my lip. I could feel the painful heat start to dissipate as she fed from me. Feeding from my lip didn't take a lot at a time but it was enough to take the pain away. 
I ran my hands up and down her side and slid my hands under her shirt feeling her soft skin against my hands. She released my lip as I set her down and pulled her shirt over her head. I pulled my own shirt off and tossed it to the floor. Her hands ran down my chest, over my abs, and reached into my pants. I gasped as wrapped her hand around my dick. My dick stiffened even more from her touch. She looked at me wide-eyed. 
"Ivan" She said, slightly concerned. 
"I'll go slow, princess. Don't worry. Remember, it's my first time too." I told her. 
She nodded and pulled at my shaft. The feeling of it made my eyes roll to the back of my head and I moaned, my head moving backward. I heard a soft growl come from her as she let me go and I looked down at her. Her eyes were glued to my neck and her fangs were out. My eyes flashed at her and her attention was back at me. 
"Sorry." She whispered. 
"You never need to be sorry for that." I said, kissing her as deeply as I could, trying to convey my emotions to her. 
I rid myself and her of the remainder of our clothes and captured her mouth again with my own. I pulled her down to the mat and then rolled on top of her never breaking our kiss. She moaned against my lips as my tip rubbed against her entrance. It took everything in me not to just push deep inside of her right then. 
"You're so wet, Ari." I groaned as I felt the wetness from her core. 
I felt her fangs scrape softly against my neck as she moaned. I could tell she was fighting herself. She was hungry but wanted to feel everything we were doing. I wondered if either of us would be able to separate the feelings. When she fed from me it felt like pure bliss. I felt my body tingle all over and my dick always responded. I wasn't sure if that was from the mate bond wanting to be completed or if it was always going to feel this good. I knew one thing for sure, I always wanted to feel like I was on the verge of an orgasm while she fed on me. 
"Don't hold back, princess." I urged her, "Same time?" 
She moaned in response, wrapping her legs around my waist to pull me closer to her as she scraped her fangs over my neck. I felt a spark of delicious electricity run through my body as my tip pushed against her sex. She was ready for me, her whole body responding to mine. I started to push myself slowly inside her and groaned in pleasure as I felt her bite down. My eyes rolled back as I pushed further into her at the same time. I almost exploded into her right there as her body clamped down around my cock. 
Ari whimpered against my neck when I didn't move. I wanted to give her body time to get used to me before I started moving. I took her whimper as permission and started moving in and out of her slowly. Her body adjusted to me and it became easier to slide in and out. 
*Don't hold back on me, Ivan.* I heard her voice growl sensually in my head. 
"As you wish, princess." I growled back feeling my cock swell inside her more. 
I pulled back until just the tip was inside her and slammed back in as deep as I could. She released my neck as she cried out in pleasure but I wasn't about to let her recover. I pushed in and out of her at a grueling pace. She moaned loudly and bit down hard on my neck again, her fingernails clawing into my back. It was my turn to cry out in pleasure from her actions. I felt my body start to weaken from the blood loss but didn't let up. Instead I pushed harder and faster with each thrust. I felt her getting closer to her climax as her core clenched around my cock tighter with each thrust. 
I wrapped my arms tightly around Ariya as I continued pounding into her. I felt my body swell more as my own release was coming. I could feel us both wanting that violent climax to shove us over the edge so I picked up the intensity of my pace even more. 
"Ari, I can't hold it anymore! I'm gonna cum!" I moaned. 
I felt Ari's body squeeze around me tightly as I slammed into her again. My body shuddered violently as my own orgasm hit me like a truck. Ari cried out in pleasure as her own orgasm was sending her over the edge. I felt my eyes roll back as I cried out at my own release. Ariya had drained my body completely and our orgasms hit us which made my own release take my breath away. I felt my canines push themselves out more as we were coming to the last wave of our orgasms. I struck at her neck, sinking my teeth into her. As her blood hit my mouth I felt an electricity flow through me extending both of our releases a little more. My eyes flew open as I released her neck, my body bucked into her again in response. 
I collapsed on top of her breathing heavily but still inside her. I could feel her trying to catch her own breath as well. We lay there for several minutes while we tried to breathe normally again. I felt exhausted but somehow wanting to go for more. I propped myself up a bit so I could look at her. Our eyes met and we both looked at each other shocked. 
"Your eyes are different." She told me.  
"So are yours, princess. They're blue like my wolf eyes but they have silver flecks that shine throughout them. Your eyes are beautiful. You're beautiful. Ari, you're perfect in every way." I said, devouring her with my eyes. 
She gave me a huge smile that made my heart melt, "Our eyes are the same because that's how yours are. Ivan, you are absolutely amazing. I love you." 
My heart skipped a beat, "I love you too, Ari." 
"Ivan, I" She trailed off and I could feel her embarrassment about what she wanted. 
I grinned at her mischievously, "I don't think you can hide your desire from me anymore, princess." 
 My cock swelled inside of her, hardening instantly. She moaned in response and I cocked my head to the side, giving her access. Her eyes stayed our silver and blue color as her fangs pushed their way out again. 
"Round 2?" I asked as I started moving inside her. 
She groaned in pleasure, locking eyes with me, "Only if we can have round 3 immediately after." 
I felt my cock thicken more inside her as my eyes glowed, "Your wish is my command, princess."
###chapter Ninety Eight
*Ivan*


I collapsed on top of her, unable to catch my breath after the 3rd round. Ariya had been a lot hungrier than I had realized and had drained 3 full bodies worth of blood. We had made love to each other the entire time and I was drained physically. I was out of stamina but I also felt like I was floating on a cloud. I was exhausted and I could tell she was too. I moved off of her so she wasn't pinned under me. We both lay there trying to catch our breath. I felt my eyes flutter close as the exhaustion was taking over. 
A surge of panic hit me and it was only enough to wake me up a bit. I knew why she was panicking. She was worried she had hurt me. 
"Shhhh, it's ok, Ari. I'm ok. I'm just tired. That was a lot, but it was so worth it." I mumbled softly, my eyes refusing to open. 
"I feel like you're slipping away from me." She said, the panic not going away. 
I wanted to comfort her but she was right, the darkness was enveloping me. I was losing consciousness but I knew it was just from exhaustion. 
I felt her prick her tongue with something sharp and felt her grab my face. She pulled me to her kissing me. Her tongue entered my mouth and I jolted. My eyes flew open and I sat up quickly breathing heavily. 
I looked at her stunned, "What was that?" 
Ariya giggled, "I shared some of my blood with you. Apparently that's what happens." 
"How did you know that would happen?" I asked her, confused. 
"I didn't. I was just scared you were going to leave me. I didn't want to lose you." She said, looking like she was in trouble. 
"You are never going to lose me and I'm never going to actually leave you. I might have to go for a bit but I promise I'll always come back to you. You have nothing to worry about, Ari. I'm here. I'm not going anywhere." I consoled her. 
Ariya pulled me back down to the mat so I was laying there with her. I gathered her into my arms as she nestled her head in my chest. I smiled in response. I loved it when she curled up against me and buried her head into my chest. It sent warmth through me. I held her tightly as we lay there. 
"Are you ok?" She asked me. 
"I am now. I mean I was before but I was just exhausted. It took a lot out of me is all. I think I was just passing out from exhaustion. I could feel your panic though. I wanted to tell you everything was ok. I tried to." 
"You did but it came out mumbled. I felt like you were slipping away. I just got so scared." 
"It's ok. Sharing your blood with me apparently sends me into overdrive. I feel like I got an electric charge. The exhaustion is still there but not so much that I couldn't pretend I was totally normal." I told her. 
"How long before you have to leave?" She asked, sadly. 
"We were going at it for a while, I probably have to leave soon. I don't want to though. I just want to stay here, with you."
"I wish you could stay." 
*I'd never leave your side if I could avoid it, princess.* I said in my head to her. 
She looked at me surprised, "Did you say that out loud or in your head?" 
I grinned at her, "In my head. Remember, we can talk to each other now. Just because I have to go home doesn't mean I can't still be with you. I just have to get out of the building first. Then I'm all yours." 
*Unless your memories disappear.* She grumbled in her head. 
I laughed, "Only for a bit. I promise, I'll come back to you as fast as I can." 
"This is going to take some getting used to." She laughed. 
"We'll practice. I don't mean to intrude on your thoughts though." 
I felt a surge of panic again and I blinked in surprise. Ariya took my face in her hands and kissed me hard. 
"You're not intruding. I want you to hear what I'm thinking. Things just sometimes hit my head before I say it. That's all." Ariya told me. 
"Just promise me you'll tell me if you don't want it to happen. I can't promise I know how to stop it but we can work on that part if you want." I told her. 
"You're the only one I want to know my every thought. The only time I worry about it is if it's you as Justin. I don't know what's going to happen when you aren't you." 
I thought about what she said. She wasn't wrong. What would happen if I was Justin? I wasn't sure if we would still feel each other or not. I wasn't sure how this all worked honestly. I knew that things would be different and that we would be able to do different things but I was pretty sure we would have to work on our new abilities and that it wasn't just an instant thing that we could do. 
Ariya took my face in her hands, "I didn't mean to worry you, Ivan." 
I snapped back to reality, "It's ok, princess. I don't know what's going to happen either. We need to figure things out though. There's a lot that we have to do now that we're bonded. I just want to make sure you're safe." 
I leaned down and kissed her. I would do anything to protect her. 
"And I, you, Ivan." She whispered against my lips. 
I smiled, "I kinda like this, you being able to read my mind, know my thoughts, and feelings. It is going to take some getting used to though. I'm not sure I'm ready for the others to be able to communicate with me like this yet." 
"When you're ready. You've already figured out how to communicate with them without it so they can wait until you're ready." Ariya told me confidently. 
"Another reason that I love you." I laughed, "I need to get going though. They're going to get suspicious if I wait too long and I can't tell Boss you had a memory because he'll expect to learn more." 
"Reach out to me when you can?" Ariya asked me. 
"Absolutely." I said, giving her one last kiss before I left. 
###chapter Ninety Nine
*Ivan*


I got my clothes back on, gave Ariya one more kiss and told her I would talk to her soon. I was happy I was going to be able to talk to her when I was away from the facility and anytime no one was around. It meant that I would be able to know she was ok instead of wondering when I got back if Boss had gone in while I was gone. 
I left the room and felt my memories fade and my hair changed as usual. But this time something felt different. I wasn't sure what it was but something was different. I made a mental note and ignored the feeling and continued heading toward the front of the building. I never usually ran into anyone after hours. The only people I would run into were the guards on the way out. 
"Out for the night, sir?" One of the Guards asked me. 
"Yup." I answered. 
"Have a good night." The same guard responded as I left the building. 
That was the most conversation that they ever usually gave me. Except for that one guard that wanted to talk to me a while ago. The others fixed him pretty quickly. Everyone let me be. Must be my cheerful demeanor. I would answer their question if I was out for the night because they were usually trying to make sure they didn't have to worry about anyone coming in. They usually only saw people leave and weren't completely sure what to do when someone was coming in. 
I made my way down the street. I sniffed the air as my hair changed back to the white tips. I wasn't sure why I could feel that happen but I could. My body shivered and I felt the urge to shift. I smirked, Ari would want to feel it. But I didn't have a way to keep my shirt and shoes if I shifted now. I sniffed the air and tried to locate anyone that might be nearby. No one. The place was like a ghost town. There weren't many people that ran around as it was but especially at night, no one was ever running around. I liked leaving late and usually left later so I could avoid people. Well all but a few people. 
*Hey, princess.* I reached out. 
I felt a warmth spread through me as I felt her emotions coming to me. 
*That was quick. Did you mean mug everyone?* Ariya giggled. 
*No one is usually there, only the night guards. But yes. Everyone usually gets mean mugged.* I laughed. 
*Where are you at now? Anywhere near the forest?* She asked. 
*I can be there pretty quick. What do you have planned, princess?* I asked her. 
I felt her feel nervous for a moment before she spoke, *I reached out to Drake. I'm worried about the Justin thing we talked about.* 
*You don't have to be worried about my reactions, Ari. I understand and I'm not going to be mad about it. You're the only one that can reach out to Drake and them right now. I'm going to have to work on it, but just at a different time. How long before Drake's in the forest?* I asked. 
*Not long I think. I just wasn't sure if you'd be upset. I know you're tired.* Ariya said, sheepishly. 
*I am tired but you gave me a jolt of energy earlier, remember? No worries. I can handle it. Besides, this is important. It needs to be taken care of. Preferably before I end up in front of Boss as Justin. Something felt different earlier anyway. Is Drake the only one coming or are Keo and Caleb coming too?* I asked. 
*I think all 3. The only reason why it was just Drake last time is because I asked him to be the only one. I didn't know if you wanted to talk to him more and I wasn't sure you wanted to announce to my brother that you had to have sex with his sister to complete the mate bond.* She laughed. 
*Yeah. I mean I know Keo is happy about us but I don't think he wants to know that or even think about that happening.* I laughed. *I'm glad that Caleb and Keo are coming. I wanna show you something. Don't read into that. It's supposed to be a surprise.* 
*I don't know how well surprises are going to go with us. We can feel what each other feels and we know each other's thoughts.* Ariya laughed. 
*True, but I'm doing my best not to think about it. You're not helping in that category* I laughed. 
*I think it's your wolf that's making it harder to not think about. I can feel it itching to come out.* 
*Well I guess the surprise is out. You're not wrong though.* I said as my body shivered. 
*Whoa. That feels weird. Does it always feel like that?* 
*Only when I really need to shift. It gets worse though. I'm almost in the forest. Hopefully Drake or Keo are already there, they can take my shirt and shoes for me.* 
*Why do you need to shift? Is everything ok?* Ari asked, worried. 
My breathing started to pick up as I felt my wolf claw at me wanting desperately to be let free. I wasn't sure what was going on. Was it the mate bond? Was it the last part that needed to happen that we didn't know about? I stumbled into the forest and pulled my shirt over my head. I felt my body start to expand as my wolf was trying to come out. 
*Ivan?* Ariya called me, worried. 
I kicked my shoes off and fell to the ground.
*I don't know what's happening.* I gasped. 
"Ivan? Are you ok?" Drake asked, putting a hand on my shoulder. 
"No. What's happening?" I gasped, trying to hold back from shifting. 
"Did you guys bond? If you did, you need to shift. Now. Your wolf needs to run. It happened to me too. Come on, I'll go with you." Caleb told me. 
"He's right, Ivan. If you guys bonded, your wolf needs to come out. Things are different now and your wolf has to come out to have the change happen too. Especially after being drained. Derek had to shift if I took a lot. It just happens. Don't fight it. You'll only make it worse." Drake told me. 
I nodded, *I'm sorry, princess. I didn't want you to feel it this way. It's not always this bad. Are you ready? It's going to happen all at once and fast too.* 
*I'm ready. Please shift, I don't want you to continue being in pain.* Ariya told me. 
"Caleb. Race." I told him. 
"You're on!" Caleb jumped up excited, pulling his shirt and shoes off as fast as he could. 
My body convulsed violently and a loud growl ripped from my throat. I felt my muscles contract and my body expand as I shifted into my wolf form. A scorching hot feeling hit my left shoulder. It felt like I was being branded and I yelped in pain. 
*Ivan! Are you ok?* Ariya screamed in my head, worried. 
*Something's burning me!* I yelped. 
I felt the sensation coming from Ariya as well and the panic hit me. 
*Ariya! What's happening on your end?* I screamed, scared that someone was hurting her. 
*It's ok! I'm ok! It's burning on me too! I don't knowthe mark! You said something about us having a mark each. Maybe that's what's going on?* She asked. 
I tried to take a step and fell over. Drake, Keo, and Caleb were at my side instantly. Caleb whined and nudged me with his nose. 
"Ivan, it's ok. Breathe. It's not going to last forever. I think it's from the bond." Drake said. 
"This didn't happen when Caleb and I bonded. Why is it happening with Ivan?" Keo asked. 
"Theirs is a mate bond, it's different from your bond with Caleb." Drake explained. 
*I think you're right, princess. I wish we knew this was going to hurt so bad. Are you ok?* I asked, more worried about her than the pain I felt on my side. 
*I'm ok, the pain is starting to go away. How are you? If you knew the pain was going to come, would you have chosen not to bond?* Ari asked me. 
I growled in response, *Absolutely I would have bonded with you. I just wished we were mentally prepared for the pain, that's all. It's the same way for me. The pain is going away.* 
"Well if there was ever a doubt on who you were, Ivan, I'm pretty sure it's even more obvious now." Keo laughed. 
I snorted at him in response, unsure of what he meant. 
Drake laughed, "You have a new design in your fur is the best way to put it. You still have black fur with white tips all over but you now have a white design that goes on your shoulder and down your arm a little bit. It's kinda tribal, swirly looking." 
I started to worry as Ariya voiced the question that I was wondering, *Is that going to stay when you shift back? Are they going to be able to tell?* 
My body shivered as I shifted back to my human form, "Is it still there? How far does it stretch?" 
"Easy. You have to finish shifting back. Turn around. It sticks to your shoulder blade and that's it. It doesn't hit your neck or anything. Basically as long as they don't make you take your shirt off you should be fine. Even if you wear short sleeves. If you ever have to take your shirt off you're screwed but you'd be screwed regardless. Unless you wanna start getting a bunch of tattoos to help camouflage it." Drake said. 
I took a deep breath, relieved, "I'm not worried about it. We knew I was going to have a mark that was visible but just worried when you said it went down my arm while I was a wolf." 
My body shivered again. 
*You didn't run.* Ariya laughed. 
"I need to run before we do anything. Caleb. This time it's on." I laughed. 
"Go, we'll wait here. We have your guy's clothes." Drake said. 
*This is how it should feel to shift, princess.* I told her, hoping she could feel every bit of the shift this time. 
My body shivered and expanded. I jumped forward as I shifted, landing on all 4 paws. I dug into the ground, launching myself forward. I could feel the wind lick at my fur as I ran. I howled happily as I ran through the night, racing Caleb to see who could go faster for longer. I heard Ariya giggle in my head as she felt what I was feeling.
###chapter One Hundred
*Ivan*


Ariya loved being able to feel me run as a wolf. My heart pounded in my chest as I pushed myself to run faster with each step on the ground. I realized Caleb started to slow down as I pulled further ahead of him. 
*I think our run is at an end, princess. Caleb's out of steam.* I laughed. 
*That was amazing! Take me with you on all your runs?* Ariya asked me. 
I felt my heart skip a beat as the excitement of having her with me in my mind while I ran thrilled me.
*Absolutely, Ari. You can be with me always. Wanna have a little more fun first?* I asked her. 
I felt her excitement, *Duh!* 
I turned around and headed back toward Caleb. He was stopped a little ways back panting. I walked up and nudged him with my nose to make sure he was ok. He bowed his head in response to let me know all was well. I jumped back quickly, wagged my tail, and crouched low to the ground, growling. I stood back normally, cocking my head to the side. 
*Are we about to fight Caleb?* Ariya asked me. 
Caleb jumped in the air and mimicked my action I had just made towards him. That was my green light. I growled and lunged at him. Caleb jumped to the side to dodge my attack and swiped a paw at me. It caught me in the shoulder and I lunged at him again. I knocked him to the ground and we rolled, snapping our jaws at each other.  
"Ivan! Caleb! Stop!" Drake and Keo yelled running at us. 
*Oooooo you're in trouble! They think you both are fighting for real!* Ariya laughed in my head. 
I caught Caleb at the throat but didn't bite down. He knew he'd lost this match. I growled at him as Keo and Drake got closer. My body shivered and I shifted back. Caleb was still on the ground but started to shift back as well. I couldn't help but laugh as I helped him up off the ground. 
"How are you so fast? And strong still? You just got your memories back to be able to shift again. It's been 14 years!" Caleb asked, bewildered. 
"Wait, you guys weren't really fighting?!" Keo growled, putting two and two together. 
I laughed, "We were fighting but it wasn't a kill each other type thing. More just some friendly competition. Caleb, I think you're just slow." 
"More like, it may have actually been a while, but Ivan is still getting his memories back. Any memory he gets makes it feel like yesterday for him." Drake laughed, shoving me playfully. 
I laughed more, "You're just mad that I'm stronger than you and learning old moves that I knew before that just make me stronger." 
"Actually, I'm glad you're stronger. It means that you can train Ariya and you both can get out of there." Drake said, suddenly really serious. 
I stopped laughing, growing very serious myself, "Actually even if we wanted to try to escape right now, we couldn't." 
"What do you mean you can't escape right now?!" Keo and Caleb shouted. 
Drake's face went dark, "What haven't you told us?" 
*I'm sorry, I forgot to tell them. There's been so much happening. They don't know about Boss. I got distracted because of the serum.* Ariya told me. 
*What serum?* 
*Boss uses a serum that can make a person tell the complete truth. But I think there's more to it.* Ariya explained. 
"Ariya apologizes. She forgot to mention about Boss's ability. For fairness, I learned about it recently and didn't tell you either. There's been a lot going on." I answered them. 
"How does Boss's ability make it to where you can't get Ariya out of there?" Drake asked. 
"Because Boss can control the gravity under someone. He can make it pull you to the floor and hold you in place or he can make you basically float in the air. Which means he can drop you on the ground instantly which can knock you out too. Until we know how to get around that we can't go anywhere. I can't get her out of there." I growled. 
*There's more, Ivan! I feel like there's more to his ability. I just can't put my finger on it.* Ariya added, and quickly mentioned more about the serum to me. 
"Ari says there's more to it. She doesn't know what it is yet but she feels like there's a lot more to it. I think she's right. Boss is paranoid. He's cautious. He hasn't used the serum since the first day he questioned her. I've been in the room each time though too. So that might be part of it. But I don't think he's going to have me not be in the room for now. He has me under strict orders to be there at all times unless I'm running out to grab food or going home to sleep." 
Drake's eyes went wide, "You need to be careful. We can't make a move unless we absolutely have to." 
Caleb growled, "Why not just get out of there at night? There's barely anyone there and Boss isn't even there. It's the perfect time to get out of there." 
"Yeah, sounds great, Caleb. We'll just run out of the room Ariya is in. The bracelets she has on as her restraints will send an alert to Boss when she breaches whatever perimeter he set. My guess is it's the room she's in. The second that sends an alert he's going to be heading here. By the time we fight through the guards and get out of the building Boss will be there. Ready to pick us both up and drop us instantly. Even if we manage to take out the guards fast enough, Ariya's bracelets will electrocute her the second we step foot outside. Then what?" I growled angrily. 
*Easy, Ivan. He's just worried about me. Remember, he's been watching over me for the last 14 years. They all feel helpless because the only way we're getting out of there is when you and I figure out how to get out.* Ariya chided me. 
"Sorry." I mumbled. 
*Mean mugger.* Ariya giggled. 
I snorted out a laugh and relaxed. *I love you.* 
*I love you too.* 
"So what are we going to do?" Keo asked. 
"First things first, we need to fix the lock again on Ivan. As for Boss, we'll all need to think about it. I'm not sure there's an easy answer and at this point, there might be more surprises around the corner." Drake said. 
"How does the gravity ability work?" Caleb asked. 
"I'm not sure. He only used it once with me around and that was because he didn't really have a choice. Ariya had broken one of the restraints off the wall. Boss swore me to secrecy. But I'm pretty sure if we can get him to use it again, we might be able to figure it out." I answered him. 
"I don't like that. That means he's using it against Ariya. You mentioned she's not chained to a table and you've been able to give her things. That means he's giving her more freedom. If he has to use the ability against her again then she might lose some of the freedom she's been given which makes things harder." Caleb said. 
"True. We'll try to come up with a plan somehow." I said. 
"We need to fix your lock so you can get home and get some sleep, Ivan." Drake said. 
I nodded and walked over to Drake. 
"Ariya has to disconnect from you but only for a minute." Drake said. 
*I'll be right back, Ivan.* Ariya told me, *Just breathe. It won't take long.* 
I nodded at Drake giving him the go ahead as he put his hand on my head. I saw Drake's eyes go wide as he entered my mind. Then the world around me started fading out. 
###chapter 101
*Ariya*


I felt the exhaustion hit me when we severed the connection. I also felt the hunger hit me. I was already laying on the mat under the blanket Ivan brought for me in case someone came in or looked into the room. They would assume I was sleeping. Boss was the only one with the access to be able to enter where I was and I knew he wouldn't wake me if he thought I was sleeping. He wanted my memories more than anything. Not that there was anything of use he was going to get from me. Everything that was useful was locked the second that I had the memory. 
I tried to keep my eyes open, waiting for Ivan to reach back out but I was fighting a losing battle. My eyes were heavy and keeping them open was impossible. My eyes fluttered closed and a bright light flashed into my mind.  
I looked around, unsure of what happened. The exhaustion I felt was gone and I was in a white room. At least it looked white. I couldn't tell if there were any walls. I spun around confused. 
What is going on? I thought to myself. 
"Ari!" Ivan shouted, running to me. 
"Ivan!" I shouted, running into his embrace. 
Ivan picked me up and spun me around. I giggled as he set me down. Ivan leaned down and kissed me passionately. I melted into his arms, happy to be in his embrace. 
"Where are we?" I asked him. 
Ivan smiled, flashing his wolf eyes at me, "I can't be completely sure, but I have a feeling that you're gonna get to meet my parents." 
"Really?!" I jumped up excited. 
"You know, usually people are nervous to meet the parents of their significant other. I know I was at first." An unfamiliar male voice said from behind us. 
We spun around and Ivan grinned widely, "Dad." 
Ivan's Dad was slightly taller than Ivan was. He had the same dark hair and eyes that Ivan did. Ivan's Dad had a slightly bigger build than Ivan did. Ivan's build was more toned and muscular. He was tall but he was quick. People usually underestimated Ivan because he had more of the sleeper build. Ivan's Dad was different. You could tell he had the muscle mass he did. Ivan's Dad was a bit taller but his build was more on the stocky muscular side. I began to wonder if Ivan's Dad was faster or Ivan. 
"Ivan's definitely a lot faster than me at this point." Ivan's Dad laughed at my shocked expression. 
"We know what you both are thinking. Though we try to be discreet about it." Ivan's Mom said, nudging his Dad. 
Ivan's Dad laughed and apologized. He came over to me and gave me a hug which shocked me but I hugged him back. 
"Ivan's build might be smaller, but he's definitely a lot stronger than I am. His body doesn't show it as much but his endurance and strength beats mine by a longshot." He whispered to me. 
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean" I trailed off, embarrassed. 
"There's nothing to apologize for or be embarrassed about. You're curious which is natural. My son needs to be strong. He's gotta be able to teach you and protect you. Though I get the feeling that you'll protect him just as much." His Dad winked at me. 
I giggled, "Thank you. I never got to meet you before. At least I don't think I did." 
"Oh sweety, you did. You met both of us. You just don't remember." Ivan's Mom said. 
I clenched my jaw, looking at the ground. It was so frustrating not having all of my memories back. I wanted them back. Hell. I wanted my life back! I wanted our lives back. To be back home in our little town. To be able to just live peacefully. Ivan came up to me and wrapped his arms around me. 
"I know. But even though everything has been so frustrating and difficult, I don't think we would be as close as we are if I hadn't ended up living with you guys for 5 years." Ivan said softly. 
"But if none of this ever happened, they would still be with us. My Mom might still be with us." I said, feeling my heart break a little. 
Ivan's Mom came over and put her hand on my shoulder. She pulled me away from Ivan and wrapped her arms around me. I hugged her back tightly. She felt like a lifeline. Like someone pulling me back from the anger I felt. 
"Sweety, if things didn't happen how they had, you wouldn't be prepared for what's about to come. You and Ivan needed what happened to be able to make it through everything that will come in the future. It hasn't weakened you or broken you. It has made you strong. Don't let it frustrate you. The past is out of your control. The future is up for you to decide." Ivan's Mom said. 
I nodded, "I just wish it wasn't so painful. But you're right. We can't do anything about what happened. We can only control what we do moving forward." 
"Exactly. Which brings us to why we're here. We have a lot of things to go over with you both and not a whole lot of time to do it. We get small opportunities to be able to help out. But this is one where I can help with some of the frustration you feel." Ivan's Mom said. 
I looked at her confused, "Help out with some of the frustration? How?" 
"We can wedge the lock open a bit more. It won't give all of your memories back. But it will give you all the little ones. The memories that have a lot of weight on them, either in importance or emotion won't come until it's absolutely needed. Like how we weren't able to be there to help Ivan after we died until now. He got his memory back of our death and that is what triggered us being able to help out." Ivan's Dad explained. 
"Think of it as a thank you for helping our son get through the emotional turmoil of our death. You saved him, Ariya. For that, we're eternally grateful for you." Ivan's Mom said and his Dad nodded. 
"I'm the one that should be thanking you both. You made him. I wouldn't be able to get through anything I've gotten through without him." I smiled back at them. 
I felt Ivan wrap his arms around me from behind and nuzzling close, "I love you." 
"I love you." I said.
Ivan's Mom and Dad walked up to the both of us and each put a hand on our heads. We closed our eyes. Letting the memories flow through us. Ivan still had his arms wrapped around me and I hugged his arms back. I could feel the happiness that we felt when we played as kids. The 4 of us, enjoying the moment. I remembered Ivan's grumpy face from when he first got to us until he started to open up. I remembered Keo constantly teasing me about Ivan but only when Ivan wasn't around. I remembered Keo and I swapping places confusing everyone but Ivan. I remembered my Mom making breakfast and all of us setting up a table. I remembered watching as Derek taught Ivan and Caleb how to fight in their wolf forms. I remembered learning how to fight with Keo while Drake and our Mom taught us. I remembered a giant wolf whose fur was all black checking to make sure I was ok and another giant wolf whose fur was all white coming up next to the other wolf. 
I gasped as the memories finished running through my head. 
"I don't know the details but I saw both of you in your wolf forms!" I exclaimed to Ivan's parents. 
They laughed, flashing their wolf eyes at me. Their eyes were also a different color from the yellow that most wolves had. They weren't blue and silver like Ivan's, but instead they were an emerald green color. 
"You won't have the entire memory. It's one of the ones that will come only when it is absolutely needed. But we're glad we could be there that day. We both felt a pull to you and had our guesses as to why. We're happy that we were right." Ivan's Mom told me. 
"Wait, are you a mated pair?" I asked, remembering their eyes. 
"Yes, we are. Our mate bond is different from yours but still very similar." Ivan's Dad said, grinning. 
###chapter 102
*Ariya*


"That's why you're able to teach us!" Ivan exclaimed. 
"That's right. But we took a risk. We had a feeling but when Mina took the remainder from me she sealed it into you, Ivan. The only way we would appear is if you were actually mated like we thought." Ivan's Mom explained. 
I looked up at Ivan, smiling. I could see his eyes start to water and I immediately became concerned. 
"Ivan." I said, looking up at him. 
Ivan looked down at me and smiled, "I'm ok, Ari. I promise." 
Ivan leaned down and kissed me. Then he squeezed me tightly. He held onto me like a lifeline and I hugged him tightly to let him know I was there. 
"Thank you." Ivan whispered in my ear. 
"There will be more moments that we'll be able to come back. But they're only going to be at key points. Unfortunately we can't tell you everything about what's going to happen but we can try to help with some things." Ivan's Dad explained. 
We both turned our attention to his parents and nodded. 
"Right, so first things first, now that you both are bonded to each other, everything will be different. The more connected you both are the faster you'll be able to learn the abilities you can borrow from one another. It also means the stronger your bond will become." Ivan's Dad said. 
"What happens when Ivan is Justin?" I asked.
I felt Ivan tense up behind me and heard a low growl come from him. 
"Calm down, Ivan. That will be clearer soon. Justin is not the one you bonded with. You bonded with Ivan. Ivan is the only one that was able to access his wolf which means that Justin wouldn't have access to the mate bond anyway. You both will need to be extremely careful though." Ivan's Dad said. 
"That said, Ivan. You are going to need to make sure you control yourself. Both of you will. By completing the mate bond you both feel each other now. Which means that your need to protect one another is stronger as well. Ivan, you are going to have to be in control of your actions. Keep in mind that Ariya is by all means imprisoned right now. You may be one of the only people that are allowed in the area that Ariya is in, but others are around. Be aware of that." Ivan's Mom said. 
"Ariya, unfortunately for you, your hunger is also going to increase. The more you use your abilities the more hunger you will have. Your hunger as a vampire is not only linked to time and injuries but also to the use of your abilities. By being connected through your mind, you're going to need to feed more often. It won't be like that forever. Eventually it will slow down. But because you're a new vampire and a newly mate bonded one along with it, controlling that hunger will likely be difficult." Ivan's Dad told me. 
I gulped, nervously, "I felt it before I passed out and was brought here. I just fed a bunch from Ivan beforehand too. Does that mean I'm going to have to drain him daily?" 
"Only as long as you guys keep the mind link open." Ivan's Dad said. 
"Don't forget it's only temporary. You will eventually be able to feed less." Ivan's Mom added. 
"It's going to be ok, Ari. I can handle it. We can do it every morning and every night. Besides, I have to make it a point to give you the blood bags as well. Or Boss will notice." Ivan reassured me. 
"Yeah, but doesn't it hurt? I don't want to hurt you daily, much less multiple times a day." I said, sadly. 
Ivan and his parents burst out laughing. I looked at all of them confused. 
"Ari, I already told you this. We need you guys to feed off of us. It hurts really bad otherwise. You're the only one that can do that for me. But trust me, it doesn't hurt." Ivan told me. 
"He's right, Ariya. We do need it. It really doesn't hurt us. When your Mom fed from me, it felt more like a relief than anything. It was like she was taking a weight off of me. It didn't hurt." Ivan's Mom said. 
"And with the mate bond, Ivan doesn't feel any pain at all. You should show her, Ivan." Ivan's Dad added. 
Ivan cocked his head to the side, "Show her?" 
"It's something you can do with the mate bond. Remember, you feel how she feels. The same thing goes the other way around. If you focus on how you're feeling, she will feel it." Ivan's Dad explained to him. 
Ivan looked at me, "I'll show you next time. You'll have to let me feel what it's like when you feed though too." 
I blushed, "Deal." 
"Back to the mate bond changes, you noticed the eye color changes, yes?" Ivan's Mom asked. 
We nodded in response. 
"Ariya, your vampire eyes are now permanently the color of Ivan's wolf eyes. The only time you'll get the red is when you lose control or in anger. Which means you'll need to be extremely careful in front of Boss." Ivan's Mom continued. 
"As for the marks, the invisible ones are only seen using your wolf and vampire eyes. No one else can see them." Ivan's Dad said. 
"What about the visible ones?" I asked. 
"They're only visible to one of Navi blood. That doesn't mean to be careless. Plenty of the Navi scattered when it became known that we were feared. They went into hiding. So some are of Navi blood and they just don't know it." Ivan's Dad explained. 
"How do we know?" I asked. 
"You don't. Unfortunately no one is able to know. But typically if someone can see it, it means that they're either a wolf or a vampire." Ivan's Mom said. 
"Guess that means to keep my shirt on and don't let it get ripped when I'm at work then right?" Ivan said. 
"As long as you don't have access to your wolf, the mark should be invisible. It's like your hair." Ivan's Dad said. 
"Which brings me to a very important topic. Ivan, you do not need to worry about possibly exposing who you are in front of Boss and everyone there. At least not by standing in front of them. They will not be able to see your mark and your hair will not be how it is now in front of them. You will not have access to your wolf. The only way they will figure it out is if you do not control your feelings. This is not going to be easy for you, but remember that Ariya is very strong and you will always be there to fix her up after. Ariya, should you need Ivan to have access to his wolf for any reason, you only need to call our names. It will be there should you need it." Ivan's Mom told us. 
"Keep in mind, it can only be done once. Once Ivan's wolf is revealed, the action cannot be undone. He has access with you and the other 3. But should you call for us to unlock it for him, it cannot be locked again." Ivan's Dad warned. 
###chapter 103
*Ivan*


I woke up with a start as my eyes flew open. Drake, Keo and Caleb surrounded me with worried looks on their faces. I was breathing heavily trying to remember what happened when it hit me. 
*Ari?* I asked, worried about her. 
*I'm here. Are you ok?* She asked. 
*I am now.* I said, relieved. 
"What happened? You just passed out suddenly and I tried to reach Ari and it was like she was blocked." Keo asked, worried. 
"Sorry. My parents wanted to talk to us about the mate bond. Apparently we needed to be unconscious for that." I explained. 
"Your parents? What?" Caleb asked, shocked. 
"Umm. Right. So Ari and Keo's Mom did something when my parents died. It was in case I was mated and long story short they were able to explain things to us about the mate bond." I explained. 
"I think I'm more confused." Caleb said. 
"I'll try to explain it later, Caleb. Right now, Ivan needs to get home and sleep. He's gotta get back in the morning and he was out for a little while out here." Drake intervened. 
I looked at Drake, "Thanks. I'm sorry for the trouble." 
"Don't worry. They were able to tell me they were taking you for a moment beforehand. It was still freaky. They said they would fix the lock. I take it they did?" Drake asked. 
"Yes. At least I think so. There was a lot they explained. I think I'm still trying to absorb everything. But we should be good on that front. There's a bit more, they were able to give Ariya and I back some of our memories. Not any of the important or super emotional ones but the rest we have." I said. 
"Well that's a good thing for us, not so much for Boss. I don't know how much Boss is going to like that he doesn't have anything useful." Drake said, worried. 
I growled, "He better get over it." 
"Just be prepared, Ivan. He might not react so well. You need to get home and get some sleep though. We can make a plan tomorrow." Drake said. 
I nodded, put my shirt and shoes back on and headed towards home. 
*You ok, princess?* I asked Ariya. 
*I'm hungry and really tired. I think your tiredness is rubbing off on me though.* Ariya told me. 
*Yeah. I feel like I'm going to pass out. Is that what the other feeling is? Your hunger?* 
*Yeah. I'm sorry. I wish you didn't have to feel it. I try to ignore it more than anything. But it's getting worse.* 
*Don't be sorry, Ari. It's ok. First thing tomorrow when I get there, put a barrier up and feed from me. Take as much as you need. I can handle it.* I told her. 
I felt the desire that Ariya felt to feed strengthen and I realized I probably should have waited to say something. I could feel her canines ache as if they were my own. My body shivered and I felt my eyes switch to my wolf eyes. I felt Ariya's desire to feed fade and confusion take its place. 
*What was that?* Ariya asked. 
*My wolf is responding to you.* I laughed. 
*That felt weird. Like you wanted it to be able to happen now.* 
*I do, princess. But I'm not next to you.* 
*Tomorrow though.* 
*Yes, tomorrow for sure.* 
I managed to make it home and started pulling my clothes off. Throwing them in the laundry. I could feel Ariya's curiosity peak. 
I laughed, *I need to shower. You know, after the running, rolling around in the dirt, fighting Caleb for fun.* 
*Don't mind me. I'm just here for the ride.* Ariya laughed. 
*No funny business, princess. I'm exhausted.* I laughed, hopping into the shower. 
*Ok, so how about we go over what your Mom and Dad said?* Ariya offered. 
*We should try to figure out the ability thing as soon as possible. It could give us an edge when we try to escape.* I said. 
*Definitely. It is something that I need to work on, but I also need to remember what it's like to do anything for the first time. Boss might eventually see me using my abilities. It's better if he thinks I'm doing something for the first time over actually mastering it already.* Ariya said. 
*I agree. I'm also going to need you to teach me how to use them at times too. Which means we're going to have to figure out how to practice it together.* 
*I think it might make sense to see Drake, Keo, and Caleb more often. You could practice what you learn with them, they could teach you some things and then because I'm with you, I can also learn at the same time. I'll have to practice in person. But maybe I can switch places with Keo and try it here and there.* Ariya said. 
*I wonder if we can switch places.* I thought. 
*I never thought of that. I don't know if it's possible but it's worth a shot to try. But Ivan, we're going to have to figure out how to get it to where we can fight each other a bit.* 
I growled, *I don't like it much. I don't want to fight you. I don't want us to hurt each other. But I get it. It's the only way to hone our skills. Boss did say I would get my own day to basically do whatever I wanted. Maybe with his new idea I'll still get that day. We could train if no one is around.* 
*I know you don't like it but if the opportunity comes up, don't hold back. I can take it, remember.  Besides, if anyone is around and you hold back they might figure out that you're Ivan.* Ariya said. 
*I don't think I'll have that luxury, Ari. I'm not me when others are around. It's going to be Justin that fights you.* I growled. 
*Then I'll have to fight hard against you when you're Justin.* Ariya giggled. 
*If he hurts you* I growled. 
*Then I'll learn something and you can teach me how to counter later.* Ariya told me. 
*I just wish that part of me was gone. Then I wouldn't have to worry about it.* I growled. 
*Yeah but if Justin was gone, then that means you are the one that will have to hurt me.* Ariya countered. 
My heart broke. I knew she was right. I couldn't hurt her though. Did that mean they would figure out who I was? If that happened then they would torture her in front of me. I wouldn't be able to protect her. What was worse? Being the one to hurt her or watching her get hurt? I hated this. I felt my anger rise. As fast as it rose, I felt Ariya trying to calm me. 
*Ivan, I would rather you end up breaking a bone or knocking me out because we're trying to make me stronger than to risk you getting found out and then us never getting out of this place. I have to get used to the feeling anyway. The more often it happens, the more I'll be able to deal with the pain. It's temporary for us. It doesn't last. If I can fight through that pain or even fight when things are broken, then no one can beat us.* Ariya said, trying to comfort me. 
*I don't want you to ever be scared of me though. I'm not trying to hurt you and make you think I'm only ever going to do that.* I said, sadly. 
*I won't. I know you love me. I know you wouldn't do anything that I'm not consenting to. But if Boss decides on torture, you have to do what he says. We will figure it out as it comes. For now, it's not something to worry about. Justin is the one that will be doing the harm. Not you.* 
###chapter 104
*Ariya*


I heard an alarm go off in my head and I groaned. I woke up slowly unsure of why I was hearing an alarm and then it dawned on me. 
*Ivan? Why is an alarm going off?* I mumbled, sleepily. 
*Sorry, princess. Time for me to get up so I can get ready and get over to you.* Ivan laughed. 
*What time is it?* I asked. 
*4:15am.* 
I groaned, *You hate sleep. Why in the world would you be up that early?* 
Ivan laughed, *We can cut the mind link so you can sleep a little more, Ari. It's ok. But I'm up so I can make breakfast for you and get ready for work. I also usually make it a point to see Boss before I run in to see you. Just so I can make sure that I know if there's anything he wants from me or if he seems like he's going to run in and see you. He's at the office by 5:30am.* 
*When do you usually come in to see me?* 
*I try to resist until 7am. Get anything done that needs to be done. I do check to see if the light is on and usually pop in earlier if it is.*
*I think you just hate sleep.* I laughed. 
*Not at all. But I have hated it a bit more since it keeps me from you. But I guess now it won't keep me from you completely. But I don't hate sleep.* 
*Uh huh. Sure. I guess when we get out of here and away from this place we'll know for sure.* I told him. 
I could feel Ivan thinking about being able to lay next to each other in bed. He thought about wrapping his arms around me and snuggling in close. The thought made me sleepier and I nuzzled into the blanket that smelt like him. 
*Sleep, princess. You have about 3 hours until I get to see you.* Ivan said, softly. 
*Don't leave. Just keep the thought of us being able to sleep next to each other.* I said, worried. 
*Shhhh, it's ok Ari. I'm not going anywhere. I'm curious if we can still be connected while the other is asleep. I'm right here.* 
I began to drift off to sleep. I was aware of everything that Ivan was doing though. I wasn't sure if it was because he had told me and that was what I was dreaming about or if it was that I was asleep but a part of me was awake in his mind. I made a note of it to mention it to him when I saw him. As he began making breakfast my own mind triggered a memory. 
- 
*Mom was making breakfast in the kitchen while Keothi and I sat at the island seating, looking to our left outside the slider. Derek was with Caleb and Ivan trying to teach them how to fight while using their ability to shift in and out of wolf form easier. I was staring at Ivan when Keo nudged me. 
"Something caught your eye?" Keo giggled quietly. 
I blushed, "Shhhh." 
"Keep at it and someone's gonna notice, Ari." Keo whispered. 
The boys all had their shirts and shoes off as they practiced in the backyard. Derek was showing them how to punch, block or dodge, roll away, shift, lunge, and bite. It was quite the spectacle and the boys ended up on their butt quite a bit. Ivan and Caleb were trying and you could tell that they were starting to get frustrated. 
"Slow it down, guys. It doesn't need to be a fluid movement like it is for me yet. Just practice. Take it slow and start to increase the speed. The more you do it, the easier it will be to shift and remember what you're doing as you shift." Derek instructed them. 
"Maybe it will help to show them, Derek." Drake said walking over. 
Ivan and Caleb backed up giving them space. 
"Fast or slow?" Derek asked Drake. 
"Fast first then do it again slowly so they can see. Then we'll have you do it full speed again." Drake said. 
"Watch closely." Derek told Ivan and Caleb. 
Keo and I got to the edge of our seats watching curiously. Derek threw a punch at Drake. Drake caught the punch and went to land one of his own. Derek pulled his hand away and blocked the hit that Drake threw at him. Derek then dove in the direction that Drake threw his punch and rolled past Drake. As Derek rolled past Drake his body shivered and he shifted into his wolf, spinning back and launching himself at Drake, Derek clamped his jaw on Drake's arm. Drake growled in pain. All of our eyes were wide as we watched. 
It seemed so natural for Derek to make those movements but when we watched Caleb and Ivan do it, they stumbled a lot.* 
-
I woke up to Ivan laughing in my head. 
*Sorry, princess. I didn't mean to wake you.* Ivan said, trying to contain his laughter. 
*Did I miss something? What's so funny?* I asked him, confused. 
*Your memory of when Caleb and I were trying to learn how to fight, shift, and continue fighting. I didn't realize how ridiculous we looked. It was funny.* 
*Wait, you saw my memory?*
*Sure did. At first I was wondering if you actually were asleep at one point. It felt like you were basically in miniature form just sitting on my shoulder riding shotgun while I got ready and then when I started making food I practically had a video play in my head of your memory.* 
*I wonder if you can see my memories if we're both sleeping.* 
*It would be interesting for sure. I wonder if we can share memories together. Like if I could remember something and you would go through it like you were there.* Ivan said.
*We could try. It might have to be a powerful memory though. One that would override everything else.* I said. 
I got a flash of Ivan holding his Mom, crying on her as she was taking her last breath. My heart broke at the image. As quickly as it came, it was shoved away. 
*I'm sorry. It's the most recent memory I got back outside of the smaller ones that my parents gave us back. You said powerful and that was the first thing that came to mind since it is so fresh. Please don't be sad, Ari.* 
*Are you ok? I don't know anything about what happened on your side. I just knew it was bad from the first time I saw you.* I said, thinking about how I felt when I saw him covered in blood. 
*I didn't realize that was how you felt when you first saw me. Do you realize that you knew you were bonded to me without knowing you were bonded? You felt the same pull that I feel towards you just at a lower level.* Ivan said, amazed. 
*I didn't realize. I know it's painful, but I feel like we might learn more if we share all of our memories with each other.* I said. 
*I agree. I think maybe we should do that slower though. The painful ones. I don't mind sharing but I don't want us to be emotionally broken at the same time. We don't know what's coming each day. Ari, I'm getting close to the office so we're gonna get cut off soon. We can talk more about it when I get back to you.* 
*Be careful. I'll see you soon.* 
###chapter 105
*Ivan*


My hair changed color again and I felt something was different just like the last time. I wasn't sure what it was but I would need to figure it out. Something was different and it was bugging me. I opened the door to the building and was greeted by security in the usual manner. 
"Good morning, sir." The guard said, acknowledging me. 
"Morning." I grunted at him. 
I walked through the front and headed to where Ariya was at. The light was off so I went to my office to put the food in the fridge. I would reheat it later. I looked at all the reports and filed them accordingly. Checked to see if there was anything that needed my attention. All the work I had took me less than 15 minutes to complete. Everything typically went through Boss. There were minor things that I would need to look at but Boss usually had people in the field or in training. There was no reason for anyone to be behind a desk. 
Boss would be in, in about 10 minutes. I got up and went to his office to wait outside for him to arrive. 10 minutes later Boss showed up. Right on schedule. 
"Still asleep?" Boss asked me. 
"Yup. I think she's starting to get into a routine of sleeping until 7am." I answered. 
"What about you? Is the boredom killing you yet?" Boss asked me. 
I smirked, "Only a little. The other day was fun though. Jess was whiter than a ghost and I think Adam got the message." 
"I don't know about that. They're scared of you but they still think that they're right. I think it's time to show them just how powerful Ariya is now. She was stronger than them before but they all still seemed to have some complex, thinking if it really came down to it they would win simply because most of them activated their abilities and because Ariya is a girl." 
I snorted a laugh, "They're only scared of me because of you. None of them have seen me fight or fought me." 
Boss smirked, "Not just because of me. You have that killer aura and the angry face to match it. It's true that they don't believe you're actually as much of a threat as you seem to be but that's because your ability is simply to track people. Maybe it's time we show them the only person capable of being in charge of watching Ariya is you. Think you can handle it?" 
"Handle what? Fighting her? What do you have in mind?" I asked. 
"We need them to see how powerful Ariya has become since activating her ability. There's an arena that I've had people build for her. Since Ariya has been cooperative, I've decided to test her abilities in that arena so she stands a fighting chance." Boss told me. 
"Isn't she going to get stronger that way?" 
"More than likely. But as she gets stronger, so will the others. Which will ultimately make it easier to catch Drake in the long run. I want you to be the one to fight her the most. You're the strongest out of everyone here and the only one capable of tracking Drake. Making Ariya stronger is the only way to truly test the limits of their abilities and see what the true weaknesses are. Remember Ariya is a baby compared to Drake." 
I nodded, "Ariya is just the stepping stone. Drake is the goal." 
"Exactly. That said, Justin, Ariya is not going to be easy to fight now. Especially when you give her enough blood to fight at full strength. Think you can handle it?" 
"You want me to give her enough blood to be at full strength for this fight?" I asked, intrigued. 
"It's the only way to truly prove a point to the others. You better be ready for it." Boss told me. 
"I can handle it." I told him. 
"Good, because they're not the only ones that need to make sure they know their place. You need to make sure you practically break Ariya. Got it?" 
"Yes sir." 
"We'll start around noon. You can give her breakfast and get her number down to 2 for blood. The arena is in the middle of the building. Make sure you both are there by noon. Oh and Justin, just walk her there. Don't put on any restraints unless you think she won't cooperate. I think she will though." Boss told me. 
I raised an eyebrow at him, "To add fear?" 
"Exactly. Everyone will be at the arena. Including the guards." Boss said. 
"This is gonna be fun." I smirked. 
"Don't get too excited. You still have to win and it's not going to be easy." 
"I'll win." I told him. 
I left Boss's office, grabbed the food, a few blood bags, then headed to Ariya. As I walked in the room I felt my hair change back and my memories came out of the darkness. The concern hit me as I thought about the conversation I just had with Boss. My body shivered and my eyes changed to my wolf eyes. The anger took hold of me as I stared at the ground. I growled. 
"Ivan? What happened?" Ariya asked, catching my attention. 
My gaze shifted to her and I instantly started to calm down. I set everything down and walked over to her. I pulled her into my arms and breathed in her scent. 
"We have a problem." I told her. 
"What's going on?" She asked me. 
"We don't have a lot of time. I was with Boss for too long. You need to eat and feed fast." I told her, taking her face gently in my hands. 
I kissed Ariya deeply letting my mind connect back to hers. I could feel her hunger bubbling up to the surface so I pulled away from her and took my shirt off quickly. 
"Do you think you can tell me what's going on while I feed?" Ariya asked. 
"We don't have long. It's probably better if you focus on going faster and then while you eat the regular food I tell you. Or show you. Besides, we need to know in case there's an emergency how fast you can feed." I told her. 
"Ivan, you're starting to worry me." 
"It's going to be ok, princess. No matter what." I told her. 
Something was bugging me. Deep down. There was more to this whole thing than I knew. I couldn't put my finger on what it was and we didn't have time to waste. Especially if we wanted to talk about it. Ariya put a barrier up and I looked at her confused. 
"No secrets, Ivan. Not from me." She growled at me. 
###chapter 106
*Ivan*


"What are you hiding, Ivan?" Ariya growled at me. 
I took a deep breath and sighed. She wasn't going to do anything until she knew what was wrong. Our minds were linked so I just thought about the conversation I had with Boss. It flashed through my mind about how he wanted me to break her. I also thought about how something was bothering me when my hair changed and I was Justin. Something was wrong and I couldn't figure it out. I hoped Ariya would understand with the quick glimpse that I gave her into what happened before I got to her. 
Ariya looked at me concerned, "Oh, Ivan." 
"Ari, please. We don't have time. We have to hurry and we need to figure things out. Please." I told her. 
Ariya walked over to me and took my face in her hands. She pressed her lips to mine, kissing me hard. I could feel her emotions come through the stress I felt and realized she was trying to calm me down. The stress bubbled up further as my mind went to the night my parents died. I didn't want that to happen to Ariya. I couldn't handle it if something happened to her. But I also didn't want to be the one to cause her pain. 
*Ari, please. We don't have time.* I begged her in my head. 
*Breathe, Ivan. It's going to be ok.* Ariya told me, trying to reassure me. 
Ariya broke the kiss, moved my head to the side quickly and struck. I gasped as I felt the blood leave my body, the strength draining from me quickly. I felt an electricity flow through me as my excitement rose. My eyes changed to my wolf eyes as she fed. 
The world around me faded out. Ariya was no longer in front of me. I looked around confused for a moment before the realization hit. 
"Ariya?" I called out. 
"Sorry, it takes a little longer for me to get here than it does for you." She giggled. 
I ran over to her and scooped her up in my arms. I hugged her tightly. Clinging on. 
"Please don't be mad at me." I whispered. 
"I'm not. I understand when you showed me. But Ivan, we don't have to talk for you to explain things to me quickly. Just think about it if something bugs you and we can talk like this if we need to. Especially if there isn't time. There is a solution to everything. Well almost. This one has a solution but you aren't going to like it." Ariya said. 
"I'm sorry. I'm not used to being able to show you everything. I'm not used to anyone being able to talk to me in my head. Speaking of, how is this happening right now?" I asked, confused. 
"I let myself lose control. I was hungry enough it would work. It's the only time I can pull someone while I'm feeding. That's why I put up the barrier. Can you show me everything that has happened since we cut the link before you entered the building? That way we can go over it all. We won't have a lot of time like you said, but knowing all the information is what's going to help us right now." Ariya said. 
I nodded and thought about everything that happened. Trying to speed up what happened. As soon as I walked into the room with Ariya the playback stopped. Ariya looked at me, wide-eyed. 
"Ivan, we can't leave. I know no one is going to be there. But we can't leave." She told me. 
"I know. It's a trap. I think Boss is testing me. Which is part of my worry. If he's testing me, Ari, it means he's suspecting something." I told her. 
"Not necessarily. You know Boss. He's OCD about things. He's probably covering his bases. But he trusts you. So if it is a test it's to make everyone else realize. I think the true test is if you'll really try to break me. Which means you're going to have to break some bones." Ariya said, thoughtfully. 
I growled, "I don't want to hurt you." 
"I know, but that's the point. Boss knows that Ivan is going to do everything he can to get to me. He doesn't know you're already here. He probably suspects it though. Which is why everyone is going to be in attendance. He doesn't know it's you. He suspects that Ivan is somewhere among the staff. Boss is likely to be watching us fight but also watching everyone else to see if someone jumps in to try to help. When no one does, Boss will believe that his staff are trustworthy enough and that Ivan will go to him. He already believes that you and him are the only 2 that stand a chance to fight me. Which means I need to prove that no one else stands a chance." 
I felt my stomach drop, "If you can't prove that the others don't stand a chance, I'm pretty sure that they'll be set on guard duty as well. We can't let that happen. You're going to have to beat all of them after me, Ari. But I'm supposed to break you. How does he plan on doing all of it?" 
"I'm not sure. But the only way to prove that you are the only capable one is for us to fight first. Then fix me and then the others fight me in a partially weakened state. Ivan, you're going to have to break a lot of bones, but if either of us hold back, Boss is going to know." Ariya said, concerned.
I growled, "I hate this. You're right though. It is a test, on all ends. Boss isn't sure who he can trust. He thinks he can trust me but he still has to be sure. I'm positive there's a trap outside if we were to try to run. Something's still bugging me though." 
"It's that you're going to have to hurt me, and something feels different when you're Justin right?" Ariya asked. 
"Yeah. I don't know why, but something feels wrong when I'm Justin. It's different. I don't know what it is." 
"Maybe when you're Justin you still feel the mate bond? Is it something that just feels wrong or just different?" Ariya asked me. 
I thought about the feeling before responding, "Something just feels different. It's not that it feels wrong. Just something is different and I can't put my finger on it. I don't know why." 
"Then we'll deal with it another time. We'll ask Drake about it. We need to worry about passing this test first." Ariya said. 
"I feel like there's more to it all. Getting you to the room, Boss said not to restrain you unless absolutely necessary." I told her. 
"I think Boss is trying to see if I'll run or if you will help me try to escape. I don't think I need to try anything. I wouldn't want to lose anything I have right now anyway. If Boss asks, I'll just say that. I doubt he will." Ariya told me. 
"So we're not going to escape. Just go and fight?" I sighed, "And I'm going to have to hurt you, a lot." 
"Yes, but it's going to be ok Ivan. I'll heal. It's only temporary for me. Besides, if you don't do it, they'll torture both of us instead. We know we can't beat Boss yet and escaping will be so much harder if we're both chained up. The only way we can manage to escape is if you are still the only one watching me. I know it sucks, but I'm gonna learn a lot from it and we're going to have to fight a lot to get stronger and learn how to use each other's abilities. Right? We talked about this before, Ivan. It's ok. I'm going to be ok." 
I hated this. I was reluctant to fight her. But I knew she was right. This was a test. Boss would likely have a trap set for us if we tried to escape. If Ariya tried to escape she would be back on the table. The only option was to go to the arena and fight. I hated it though. I didn't want to hurt her. But I knew it was the only way. She was giving me permission to do so but I still didn't like it. I knew it was the only way to get stronger though. For both of us. If either of us held back, like she said, we'd get caught. Getting caught was absolutely not an option. It didn't mean I liked it though. 
###chapter 107
*Ivan*


"Think of it like you're protecting me. It might make it easier." Ariya said. 
"Nothing is going to make breaking your bones easier on me, Ari. It's not right. I'm not supposed to hurt you." I told her. 
"Breathe, Ivan. It's ok. By doing this, you will be protecting me. You'll also be training me. I have to learn to be able to get through the pain without struggling. It's only temporary." Ariya told me. 
My eyes flew open and I gasped taking in a large amount of air. We were back in the room. Ariya healed me and went to pull away but I wrapped my arms tightly around her. I buried my head into her breathing her in. 
"Fine. I'll do it. But Ari, I'm never going to hurt you like that again after this." I whispered. 
"You will if Boss orders you to." She told me. 
I growled, "Only when he orders and only if it's to protect you." 
I let her go enough to look her dead in the eyes. My wolf eyes, glowing. Ariya's eyes glowed back at me, matching my own. 
"Until we're out of here. But after that, never again." I vowed. 
"Ivan, you know you're not the one that's actually hurting me right? It's going to be Justin." Ariya told me. 
"Justin is me. As much as I hate to admit it." I growled. 
"He's not though. You and Justin are basically 2 different people. You just share the same face." 
"And memory. At least on my side. I have all of his memories." 
Ariya softened. She knew I was right. She knew I hated it. That the mate bond made me want to rip my own throat out. But I knew she was right too. About needing to do it to protect her. Ariya finished eating her food. We still had a small window of time before we had to go. I just wanted to hold her in my arms until we had to leave. 
Knowing what I wanted, Ariya curled up in my lap and let me hold her. I realized that she needed it just as much as I did. I looked down at her, concerned. 
"What is it, Ari?" I asked. 
"I'm nervous about the fight. Not about our part of it. I'm actually kind of excited about that. Even though I know it's going to hurt. I'm excited to spar with you. I'm excited to learn what I can from you. But I'm worried about not being able to overpower the others." 
I laughed, "Ari, you have always been stronger than the rest of them. I don't have a doubt in my mind that you won't be able to beat them as well. Even after we fight. Oh and Ari, we can spar whenever. I'm just not willing to break bones or hurt you during it." 
"You know, it might happen by accident, right?" She asked me. 
"No it won't, because I can pull a hit if I need to." 
"Don't pull your hits during this one." 
"I won't. I'll do what I need to. I'll probably need some reassurance after though." 
Ariya giggled then became serious, "Ivan, what if Boss makes me fight them all?" 
"Use your eyes, princess. You're faster and stronger than all of them now. Take one out at a time. Use your energy manipulation too." I told her. 
"My vampire eyes?" 
"Your dragon's eye." 
Her eyes went wide, "I forgot about that. I always forget about that." 
I smirked, "You guys usually do. It's an ability that I never understood why you guys didn't use as much. But I think if used, it can be more useful than you think." 
"I'll need to use the energy manipulation during our fight huh?" 
I smirked again, "You can try." 
"Oh, so you think you're fast enough to prevent me from being able to use it?" Ariya laughed. 
"Guess we'll find out. That's something I need to be able to do though. If I can't, that is. Otherwise, you'll easily overpower me once you get the hang of using it. Boss will realize that too." 
"Then I guess we better amp you up." Ariya grinned. 
Ariya's eyes changed to her vampire eyes and her fangs pushed their way forward. She slit her tongue with her teeth and then kissed me. I deepened the kiss as my tongue intertwined with hers. The electricity flowed through me, exciting my cells. My eyes flew open as they changed and we separated, both of us panting, trying to catch our breath. 
"That's really intense every time." I said. 
Ariya grinned, "Let's show them a good fight then." 
We got up and got ready to leave. I knew as soon as I opened the door my hair was going to change back and I would be Justin again. I wished I wouldn't be. I didn't want to hurt Ariya, but I didn't like the idea that I was going to hurt her as Justin. I was sure there would be Shadows following us to the arena. I looked back at Ariya and took her face in my hands. I kissed her as passionately as I could. 
*I'll talk to you soon, princess.* I told her through our link. 
*I love you, Ivan.* She told me. 
*I love you, Ari.* I told her. 
I severed the connection and opened the door to the room. My hair changed back instantly and I felt that same feeling that something was different. I had Ariya walk about half a foot in front of me. 
"No sudden moves and you stay out or restraints." I told her. 
"I'll behave. I haven't given you or Boss a reason to believe I won't yet." Ariya said. 
I smirked but masked it quickly. She was always really direct with her comments at me. Especially when I was Justin. The realization hit me and I had to focus hard on making sure I didn't change my facial expressions. I didn't know who might be watching right now. When I was Justinthat was my last thought. Who am I? 
My name is Ivan. 
Shit. 
###chapter 108
*Ivan*


I could feel the panic rise in me but I had to stop and rationalize it. I should be Justin right now. But I'm not. I'm me. But my memories are surrounded by darkness. What does that mean? Am I Justin? I can't be, because I wouldn't remember being Ivan. Being me. What is going on? Can Ari feel anything? Should we try to run instead? 
I grabbed Ariya's arm and she turned and looked at me. 
"Did I do something wrong?" She asked me. 
She didn't seem shocked or worried. My eyebrows pushed together as I was trying to figure things out. Everything must appear to be as it always is on the outside. So what the hell was going on, on the inside. 
"No. I just thoughtnevermind. Keep going." I told her. 
Her eyes narrowed at me like she didn't understand what was going on. I hoped she would be able to put it together. Maybe I could talk to her? I wasn't sure how. I couldn't just outright ask her. We could be being watched. I tried to break it down for myself. 
My name is Ivan. II don't know anything past that. I don't have my memories. I know I love Ariya. I know it's on a deeper level than everyone else's typical connections. What am I missing? What is going on? 
There wasn't any time to figure things out. It was too late. We came up to the arena without passing anyone that we could visibly see. I was sure there were people that were watching on the way there. We were at the bottom of the arena and it looked like Boss had built it to be similar to a gladiator arena. Boss met us in the center. 
"Glad to see you behaved on the way here, Ariya." Boss grinned. 
"I don't know why you would think I wouldn't." Ariya told him. 
"I didn't think you wouldn't. It was more to show them. Behaving only lets you keep what you have. If you had misbehaved you would have lost some stuff. But now you're going to help me out." Boss told her at a volume that no one but the 3 of us could hear. 
"Why's that?" Ariya asked. 
"Because by helping me out, you're not going to be tortured. Not in that room how I had first described to you, anyway. You'll come here. I'll learn about your abilities as you develop them. Hold back and I'll switch to torture. Got it?" Boss threatened. 
"How am I supposed to help you?" Ariya asked. 
"By beating any volunteers." Boss told her. 
"I don't understand." Ariya told him. 
"You will soon." Boss said then looked at everyone. 
"Now that everyone is here, let's begin. Many of you have your concerns. I don't usually bother explaining myself but I get it. Many of you believe silly things like Ariya isn't a Navi. Or that she's not as strong as some of you. Some of you are wondering why no one is allowed in the room except for Justin and I. I've decided it's time to show you. Afterwards, if you still think you have what it takes, you can volunteer. There's a reason why it's only Justin. And he'll prove it to you by fighting Ariya when she's at her full strength." Boss announced. 
There were mumbles across the room but everyone was watching intently. Boss took 2 blood bags and handed them to Ariya. She hesitated before taking them from him. I watched her closely. 
"I'll sweeten the deal Ariya, if you manage to beat Justin and everyone here, I'll let you go free. Hold back at all or disobey me and I'll switch to torture. Got it?" Boss told her. 
*I can't hold back, Ari. He'll know if I do and we know we can't beat him.* I tried pushing to Ariya. 
I wasn't sure if she would get my message but she whirled around looking at me wide-eyed. I tensed up slightly but smirked at her, menacingly. My face dared her to challenge me. Boss smirked at me. 
*Fix your face, princess. We can't let them know that I'm talking to you.* I told her. 
*Ivan? How?* She asked, turning back to Boss. 
*Remember how I felt different. This is apparently it.* I told her. 
"You know I can't beat you or Justin." She whispered to Boss. 
"Hold back and you get tortured." Boss said simply. 
*Anger, Ariya. Your eyes are different now. Remember, anger is the key to getting them to the old color.* I reminded her. 
I felt Ariya's anger rise as she focused on her hate for Boss. For putting us in this situation. I felt her feelings come through as she channeled what I felt. The anger I had about having to hurt her. Her eyes changed color to the red of a Navi and her lip curled back above her canines as they formed into fangs. She bit into the first blood bag that Boss gave her. Gasps came from the crowd. 
*Ivan, we're about to fight and you know you are you. What does that mean?* She asked me. 
*I don't know. I don't have all my memories. It's why I grabbed you in the hall. I was worried that my hair had changed back.* I told her. 
*It didn't. On the outside, you look like Justin. Do you have all your memories? What about your wolf? How is this possible?* Ariya said, starting to worry. 
*I don't know how it's possible, but it is. I don't have access to my wolf. I can feel it now that you've mentioned it. I can feel my wolf but it's behind a barrier. I can't access it. My memories are surrounded by darkness somehow but you mentioning my wolf reminds me that it's there. I just can't access it like I said. Ari, this means that Justin is gone.* I told her. 
Ariya finished the first blood bag and went to the second one. Boss came closer to me. 
"Don't let me down, Justin." 
"I won't. I'll win." I told him. 
"Good, because I decided to give you both weapons." Boss smirked. 
*Don't hold back, Ivan.* Ariya told me. 
*I won't. We already agreed. But now we can really treat this like a sparring match.* I told her. 
I could feel Ariya's excitement rise. Boss came back with Escrima sticks. A set for each of us. I felt my excitement rise this time. A quick memory flashed through my head of my Dad teaching me how to fight with them when I was little. 
*Oh this is gonna be fun!* Ariya squealed in my head. 
I smirked, "You're making this easier on me." 
"Am I?" Boss asked, grinning. 
Ariya finished the 2 blood bags and traded them for the Escrima sticks from Boss. She turned to face me. She had a serious expression on her face. I could see her determination. 
*You have to go all out, Ivan. Play your part.* She told me. 
*So do you, Ari. Make sure you play your part.* I told her. 
The arena went silent. 
"The only rule here, Ariya, is that you can't kill anyone. The fight ends when I say or when someone is knocked out." Boss warned her. 
"Everything else is ok?" Ariya asked. 
"No biting anyone. But the rest is fine." Boss added. 
Ariya smirked, "Fair enough." 
The arena was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop. Ariya and I faced each other. Neither of us took a fighting stance. Both of us gave off the impression that this would be an easy fight. We were playing our parts well. I could feel everyone watching. All eyes were on us and everyone was at the edge of their seats. Boss moved away so we wouldn't run into him while we fought. 
*Ready, princess?* I asked her. 
*Ready.* She told me. 
"BEGIN!" Boss bellowed, starting the fight. 
###chapter 109
*Ivan*


Ariya tensed and lunged at me first but I was ready. I raised my stick blocking her attack with ease. 
"You're going to have to do a lot better than that to defeat me, Ariya." I mocked her. 
Ariya growled in response but jumped back. She lunged again and I deflected her attack while striking back at her with my own. I swung at her ribs and connected. A loud crack sounded throughout the arena as Ariya gasped in pain, clutching her side. 
I stared down at her, stone faced. 
"Is that all you got? I was expecting more." I growled. 
*Are you ok?* I asked her in my head. 
*I'm ok. I will be. You have to do a lot more damage than that.* She told me. 
*I will. But you're going to have to fight a lot harder than you are or Boss will make the others watch you.* I told her, worried. 
*I have a plan.* She told me, and I could tell she was grinning inside. 
"I'm just warming up." She growled at me. 
Ariya raised her head and my eyes widened. Her eyes were steel gray and her pupil was a slit. 
*Dragon eye?* I asked in our mind.
*Yup.* She answered. 
Ariya came at me again but this time her movement was a lot faster. I jumped back, dodging her again but this time only barely. She continued her forward assault, making me duck and dive constantly. I had to focus a lot harder to be able to continue dodging her attacks. As I landed on the ground from jumping away from another attack she closed the gap quickly swinging hard at my side. I turned just in time, crossing both of my sticks in an X to take the attack. The force made my feet slide back across the ground a bit before stopping. 
I pushed back, breaking her attack and swung back at her. Our strikes were constant, the pace increasing with each blow. But every attack was matched. Every blow was blocked perfectly. I had to keep my complete focus on the fight to keep up with her. Her speed continued to increase and I felt like I was fighting Drake at one point. Drake was fast. He was concise. His movements didn't waste energy. They were calculated. Ariya wasn't as fine tuned as Drake but she was matching my own movements. She wasted more energy than Drake but it didn't matter. It was like her energy was unlimited. I felt like I was fighting at a higher level. It had been a while since I'd had a good match like this. Unfortunately for Ariya, her experience was going to be her downfall. 
I had learned to match their speed. As supernatural as it was. I could match it in a fight. I could predict what move someone might make. It was a strength that I had learned from everyone who taught me any bit of fighting. I wasn't perfect at it, but I definitely wasn't an easy target. I knew that everyone watching would be shocked so I figured I'd shock them a little more. I left a small opening for Ariya to take and she took the bait exactly like I thought she would. Though our minds were still connected we weren't actively talking through the fight. We couldn't. Not yet at least. 
Ariya and I both swung at the small opening from one another. Our blows connected. Her head jerked to the side at the same time as mine did. I felt my lip and eyebrow split open. The blood trickled down my face. Ariya fell to the ground from my hit. Though our hits were mostly in the same place they were very different. Ariya was already hurt from prior hits. 
I couldn't help the smirk that appeared on my face. I wiped at my lip and saw the blood smear across my hand. I grinned. I looked over to Boss. His eyes were about as wide as they could possibly go. His mouth was open slightly and I could tell he was trying to mask his expression but the shock he felt was overwhelming him. 
*Ari, I have an idea.* I said quickly in my mind to her. 
I thought of what I wanted us to do. The images flashing in my head. 
*Let's do it.* She told me. 
"You know, it's been a while since I've had a fight like this." I said, smirking at her as she got up. 
"Careful, Justin. That almost sounds like praise." She growled. 
"It is. But don't worry, you still have a long way to go." I told her. 
Ariya clicked her tongue at me and lunged again. She took the offensive position more than anything. It was time to make her play some defense. I blocked her attack and went at her with an assault of my own. I adjusted the pace with ease. Going slower at moments and as fast as I could at others. I could feel her begin to slow down and slip up with her blocks. I increased the pace of the fight so we were moving as fast as we could. She was keeping up a lot better using her Dragon's eye to sense my movements. 
As we moved around the arena, I was able to catch a few glimpses of everyone's shocked expressions. They were stunned and I'm sure the question on how I was able to move fast enough was going to come up. Good thing I never answered anyone anyway. We managed to get to the center of the arena and an opening appeared. I put every bit of my strength into the blow I threw at her. Ariya's eyes went wide as she tried to move out of range. I caught the bottom of the stick in her right hand and part of her hand as my blow connected. The stick flew out of Ariya's hand flying at Boss. Ariya's wrist broke from the force and she screamed in pain. 
The world seemed to be in slow motion as I saw it. The stick flew at Boss and it seemed to jolt Boss out of his stunned, paralyzed form. Boss raised his hand and the stick stopped within a foot of him and fell to the ground. I spun instantly, using the force of my momentum from the last attack and struck again at Ariya.
*I'm sorry, princess.* I pushed the thought to her, sadly. 
*It's ok, Ivan. Let your anger out like you're attacking Boss.* She told me. 
I delivered several painful blows, all of them landing with a loud crack. To anyone it would have seemed like I lost control and was fighting for my life for a moment. I hit Ariya in the arm and leg, breaking both of them. As she fell to the ground from her wounds, I hit her in the head, hard, breaking the stick in half. I could see her eyes gloss over as her Dragon's eye faded out. Ariya fell to the ground, unconscious. 
I stood over her, glaring hatefully. My anger wasn't directed at her. But at what I'd done to her. I knew I had to. But I wasn't sure if I'd ever be able to forgive myself for hurting her this way. Would she ever forgive me? It wasn't just that though. Boss. His ability. It wasn't just controlling gravity. He stopped the stick from hitting him. I don't think anyone saw it. But he stopped it, in mid air. It flew at his head. Aimed perfectly. With just a foot away he'd stopped it. I'd watched him control gravity and now I watched him stop something in mid air, like Link's ability of Telekinesis. Ariya was right in her hesitation to leave because not only could we not stop Boss's gravity ability. But he had more than 1 ability. 
Boss was one of the rare ones with more than 1 ability. Like the Navi. 
*How many abilities does he have?* I wondered. 
###chapter 110
*Ivan*


I looked at Boss as he walked up to me. 
"Sometimes I forget that Ryker is the one that trained you." Boss told me. 
I smirked, "You said to break her." 
Boss laughed, "I did. But now she can't fight the others." 
"I'm sure we can fix her up if you want her to fight." I told him. 
Boss nodded, "Do it. Oh and Justin, I know you've been focused on the fight but do look around. Their faces are entertaining. I think they're even more scared of you now." 
I did as he said and saw the multitude of horrified and shocked expressions surrounding us. Boss had been off to the side and slightly under the stands. I was sure that no one had seen him use his ability. But I couldn't help but wonder. I caught Mya and Leo's expressions. 
"Should we have those 2 come down and help out? She can't exactly tell me where all the breaks are right now." I asked Boss. 
"Yes. It might add to their horror when they realize." Boss snickered. 
I motioned for Leo and Mya to come down here and they moved quickly. I flipped Ariya over so she was on her back as we waited for Leo and Mya. 
"Sorry for breaking the Escrima sticks." I told Boss as I handed them back to him. 
Boss chuckled, "I'm glad you did break them. They're not easily broken which adds to the message. Though you almost nailed me with one." 
I raised my eyebrow, "Did I? It looked more like you stopped it. Regardless, I'm sorry for almost hitting you." 
Boss laughed, "Don't worry about it. I think you're the only one that saw. I'm sure you have questions but we'll have to talk about them later." 
"Think she saw?" I asked. 
Boss nodded, "Her Dragon's eye was activated. I'm sure there wasn't anything she didn't see. Aside from you and her, I doubt if anyone else saw. The match was worth watching." 
We dropped the subject immediately as Mya and Leo walked up. 
"Help Justin out. Tell him where things are broken and he'll set them in place. You only have to heal them if she doesn't wake up." Boss told them. 
"I have a feeling she will. Setting some of these is going to be painful." I added. 
Mya and Leo went on opposite sides of Ariya. They set their hands hovering slightly over her and closed their eyes, focusing. Almost simultaneously their eyes flew open and they looked at me with horrified expressions. 
Boss snickered and whispered in my ear, "Told you." 
I smirked at Boss. Then moved toward Ariya to help Mya and Leo fix her up. They stared at me, horrified by the damage that she'd sustained. One look from me and they immediately turned their gaze to Ariya. Mya was over her arm, the one I knew I'd broken, and looked at me. 
She hesitated before speaking, "Her armis broken." 
I nodded and moved to set Ariya's arm. It didn't take me long to do so. Ryker had taught me how to set bones during my training. It was interesting though. I didn't even think of Ryker until Boss had mentioned him. It was like my memory of Ryker had disappeared. I made a mental note to talk to Ariya and the others about it later. 
After I fixed Ariya's arm I looked at Mya, "Check and see if it's healing." 
Her eyes went wide and I saw Boss smirk. My usual 1 word answers to people weren't going to work all the time. They were always shocked when I said more than 1 word. Mya checked and then looked back at me. 
"It's healing, slowly, but it's healing. We should heal you." She said, looking at me.  
"Later." I told her. 
Part of me enjoyed the pain I was feeling from my busted lip and eyebrow. I wasn't ready for the pain to be gone yet. I knew I needed to make sure they healed me because if Ari gave me any bit of her blood it would heal me automatically. I wasn't completely sure how the mate bond worked yet, but I knew that I could borrow some of her abilities. It was better to be safe than sorry. 
"Before we leave, one of you will heal him. I think Justin's enjoying the feeling of pain a little bit." Boss snickered. 
Both of their eyes widened even more which made me smirk. Boss seemed to know me really well at times. So well that I was sure he wouldn't believe I was actually Ivan unless I actually shifted in front him. We went back to fixing Ariya and sure enough she was out cold during all of it. When we got to the last break, the one on her leg, she had stopped healing. Leo and Mya had to heal the last bit of the previous breaks I'd fixed. I had a feeling she'd wake up with this one. The break was severe and I had to pull the bone off of itself to be able to fix it. 
"You 2 should back up." I told Leo and Mya. 
They both looked at me, their eyes wide but did as I told them. I pulled sharply, but before I could finish fixing Ariya's leg her eyes flew open and she bared her fangs at me, growling. 
"Easy." I told her. 
Her eyes refocused as she regained her control. 
*Don't forget your eyes won't stay red, Ari.* I warned her in my head. 
*Right.* 
Ariya closed her eyes shut as she took deep breaths. 
"I'm going to finish fixing your leg. Are you ready?" I asked. 
Ariya nodded but didn't speak. I pulled sharply at her leg and she screamed in pain as I reset it. Her eyes remained shut tight and her breathing picked up. Boss tossed a blood bag at her that landed in her lap. She opened her eyes and snatched it up, biting into it greedily. 
"What's your number at Ariya?" Boss asked her. 
Ariya finished off the blood bag and looked at Boss. Her eyes had gone back to normal and her fangs had receded. She was in control from what I could tell. 
"4 now." Ariya told him. 
"You'll get 1 more then. Justin will give you another after as long as you do what you're told." Boss said. 
I knew that he was talking about winning the fights against Jess and Adam. I wasn't sure if Link would try to fight or if he'd stay put. Regardless, Ariya had to win the fights coming. Boss gave her another blood bag and I took the opportunity to talk to her. 
*Are you ok, Ari?* I asked her in our head. 
*I will be. We'll have to talk about everything later. I want you to show me some stuff but if you do it now I don't know that I will be able to hide my expressions.* She told me. 
*That's fair. AriI'm sorry.* I told her. 
*Don't be. I knew what was coming. We had to. As long as it looked right then it was worth it.* She reassured me. 
*I think it did. Boss doesn't seem suspicious in the slightest.* I told her. 
*Good because you're probably going to have to dig for some information. I don't know if you noticed but Boss has more than 1 ability.* She said, worried. 
*I saw. He knows we saw it. We'll talk to him after this, I'm sure.* 
*How many abilities do you think he has?* She asked. 
*A lot more than 2. I can't be sure. But Ari, you realize, we're not going to get out of here any time soon, right?* 
*That's what I'm worried about.* 
###chapter 111
*Ariya*


I finished feeding from the blood bag that Boss gave me. My mind was racing and I could feel Ivan's racing as well. 
*We're going to have to put a pin in all of this for now, Ivan.* I told him. 
*No kidding. I guess we just focus on what's going on right now.* Ivan said. 
I looked at Boss, "What's next?" 
Boss grinned, "Depends on who wants to fight you. Are you up for it?" 
I felt my body finish healing and focused on how I was feeling. I was trying to make sure nothing else needed to be fixed. I got to my feet and looked back at Boss again. 
"Absolutely." I told him. 
Fighting Ivan had been thrilling. I knew I would lose and I knew it was going to hurt when I lost but it was amazing. I was only able to keep up with him by using my Dragon Eye ability and even that was a task. I wasn't sure how he was so fast but I had a feeling it had something to do with being an Original Navi Wolf. Then again, he didn't have access to his wolf. I would have to ask him after. 
Boss announced to the arena that anyone that thought they might stand a chance could come down and fight me. Either one on one or as a team. As expected, Jess and Adam wanted to fight. They chose to fight together which ended up being their downfall. I didn't even activate my Dragon Eye ability to fight them. They worked well at times but Jess was so focused on trying to prove a point that when I threw Adam at her she wasn't expecting it. She almost punched Adam at one point when they both went after me at the same time. I made quick work of them. Fighting them after fighting Ivan was sad. They were so slow I felt I could take a nap in between attacks. 
Boss had given me permission to hit back but I knew that was the extent of it. If I broke something in the process I didn't think he'd care. But if I lost control or let my vampire side come out, I was sure I would get it. So I held back. Not that I really needed to. Ivan couldn't hide his amusement from my thoughts. His face was blank, almost like he was bored on the outside but on the inside it was completely different. 
*You know, it's pretty obvious you're toying with them, princess. You shouldn't play with your food.* Ivan pushed the thought to me. 
*Can't help it. They're boring. Fighting you was amazing. It was difficult and I had to actually work hard. This is dumb. They're slow and it's like they're not even trained.* I told him. 
I moved with ease and then decided I was done playing with them so I quickly punched Adam in the face, sending him flying across the ground. Jess charged me and I slipped under her attack and lunged forward punching her hard in the gut. She went flying down to the ground as well. Both of them could barely move and Boss stopped the fight. 
"Mya, Leo, go fix those 2 up. Anyone else care to try?" Boss asked. 
No one dared raise their hand after my fight with Jess and Adam. They all sat quietly, frozen in fear. I looked from face to face, one stunned expression to the next. No one dared challenge me. It made me wonder, if Boss wasn't here, would they try to fight me if I tried to escape? I pushed the thought away quickly. There was a lot that needed to be figured out before I could try to escape. For instance, my restraint system was basically a proximity alarm for Boss. Then there was Boss himself who apparently had more than 1 ability. Which brought up the question of how it was even possible. Then there were the Enforcers. There were 8 of them and that was the extent of our knowledge. 
"Maybe next time, none of you will question my decisions." Boss growled. 
Everyone visibly stiffened in the room and the air felt tense. Like it had been doused in gasoline and the smallest spark would create an explosion that would kill everyone. 
"Get back to work. We're done here." Boss ordered. 
Everyone quickly left the arena and went back to work like Boss had ordered. Boss looked at Justin and I. 
"We forgot to heal your face, Justin." Boss said. 
I looked over at Ivan and could see that the split above his eye was starting to swell. 
*I can do it. I can tell Boss that I can.* I told him. 
*You can't use your tongue, Ari.* Ivan snickered. 
*I won't!* 
"I can probably do it, Boss." I told him. 
Boss looked at me curiously, "You can heal him?" 
I shrugged, "I've seen Drake do it before when I was back home. Same with my Mom. I'm sure I can figure it out." 
Boss's eyes lit up, "New memories?" 
"Kinda. All these little ones came back last night. Small stuff like eating food together. Going to bed. Playing. Laughing. That type of stuff. There's a few memories of my Mom and Drake healing us when we got hurt while we were playing. Nothing crazy." 
"So not everything is back then?" Boss asked. 
"Not yet. I'm guessing the ones that aren't back are important?" I asked. 
"They should be. Guess we'll have to wait and see. Go ahead and heal Justin, if he'll let you. He hates people touching him, you know." Boss smirked. 
I looked at Justin, "Is it ok if I try?" 
Justin glared at me, "Try anything and I'll knock you out again. This time I'll wait until you're awake to fix you up so I know you feel every bit of the pain." 
I stiffened. I knew he was playing his part but he was so good at it, it threw me off sometimes, especially now. I heard Boss laugh at my hesitation. 
I walked right up and glared back at Justin, "I haven't tried anything yet!" 
Justin smirked and nodded, "Fine, try to heal it." 
I put my hand over the spot on his lip and closed my eyes. I focused on closing the wound like I did when I usually did it with my tongue. I felt the pieces of skin put themselves back together. Once it felt like it was closed I opened my eyes and looked. Boss was staring at me, his eyes wide. 
"You can heal people." Boss exclaimed. 
"I figured I could. We can heal ourselves and I know my Mom and Drake would heal us from time to time." I told him. 
"What were you thinking when you did it?" Boss asked. 
"I thought about it going back to how it was before. I thought about closing it." I told him. 
"Interesting." 
"Is it ok for me to do the other one?" I asked. 
Boss nodded and I looked at Justin who also nodded. I did the same thing that I did with his lip. When I was done I removed my hand and stepped back. 
"Can the wolves do that?" Boss asked me. 
"I don't think so. They don't heal themselves that I know of. I think only Blood Borns can. I don't think turned vampires can. Just Blood Borns." I told him. 
"Interesting. Bring her back to the room. I know I said we'd talk and we will, but not today. We'll talk tomorrow." Boss told Justin. 
With that, Boss took his leave. Justin motioned for me to head back. As we headed back our thoughts became increasingly loud. I tried to shove my own thoughts down as best I could until we were in the room where we could freely discuss the events that occurred. I could feel Ivan doing the same as we headed back. We couldn't help it though. There were so many more questions now than there had been before.
###chapter 112
*Ariya*


When we got back to the room I turned toward Ivan. I watched his hair change back, the signal that it was safe. He flashed his wolf eyes at me and I jumped into his arms. Our minds were already connected but it was like the connection strengthened. I looked up at Ivan surprised. 
"Did you feel that?" I asked him. 
"Yeah, that's kinda weird. Maybe some stuff is blocked?" 
"I wish we knew more about the mate bond. Oh and how? How did you know you were you?" I asked, concerned. 
"I'm not sure. I felt like something was off but I wasn't sure what it was. Apparently it was that Justin was gone. The memories are there like they were before. It's like I know exactly how to act around Boss and everyone. But Justin's feelings and typical thoughts are gone. It's just me now." Ivan explained. 
"I worry about your wolf coming out." 
"It didn't when we just fought. I think we're ok. Besides, remember what my parents said? If we need to access my wolf, you only need to call out my parents' names." Ivan told me. 
"Speaking of us fighting, that was so freaking awesome!" I said, excitedly. 
Ivan laughed, "Even though I had to hurt you?" 
"I mean that part sucked, but we did what we had to do. Besides, I didn't actually remember most of it. You knocked me unconscious pretty quickly and you had fixed most everything before I woke up." I laughed. 
"I'm glad you didn't feel most of it. I'm sorry." Ivan said, looking down. 
I took his face in my hands and kissed him. He looked into my eyes, deep, like he was searching for something. 
"I'm ok. The pain is temporary, remember. Besides, I knew what was going to happen. But fighting you. That was fun! I definitely have a lot to learn. The only reason why I was even able to keep up with you was because of the Dragon's Eye ability." I told him. 
"We will practice. But I think it's better that we practice when you are in Keo's body. That way we don't have to worry about anyone coming near." 
"Do you think it will translate?" I asked. 
"I don't see why it wouldn't. Learning the movements is the most important part. You'll probably need to work on getting stronger while you're here though. Maybe we can workout together before we get done each night." 
My eyes lit up, "Really?!" 
Ivan laughed, "Why are you so excited about this?" 
"Because, I want to be able to get stronger and we can't get out of here until we get stronger anyway. You'll also have to practice using my abilities. I'll also have to learn." 
"Drake's going to have to teach you. So is Keo. Then in turn you can teach me." Ivan smiled at me. 
"We need to let them know that Boss has more than one ability." I told Ivan. 
Ivan tensed, "I'm curious to know how it's possible he has more than one. There's barely anyone that has more than one ability." 
"Maybe what everyone's always thought was wrong? Maybe everyone has more than one ability and they just assume that the ability they activate first is the only one they have." I thought, outloud. 
Ivan stared down at me, his eyes wide. I could feel his thoughts swirling in his head. If I was right about that, it would change the game completely. 
"We need to talk to Drake. He's the only one that would know." Ivan said. 
"What happened after you knocked me out? I got hung up on Boss having a second ability and then before I knew it I was unconscious." 
Ivan laughed, "Everyone was terrified. It makes me wonder if Boss wasn't in the picture if they would even try to stop you from leaving." 
Ivan sent me the memory. It was like watching a movie playing in my head. Like I was a part of it and then just on the outside all at the same time. 
"Who's Ryker?" I asked him. 
"He was the one that trained me after I infiltrated. There's actually not much that I remember. I can't remember his face. I know he trained me but that's about all I remember. I know training sucked. I know he was extremely powerful. But I don't remember much else." Ivan told me, scrunching his eyebrows together. 
"Not much that you remember like memories blocked or like it's just been a while?" I asked, suddenly worried. 
Ivan's eyes went wide, "I think both." 
"Why were you supposed to infiltrate?" I asked him. 
"I don't remember. I just know I was supposed to come here to get some type of information." 
"Can anyone mess with memories like we can?" I asked him. 
"If there is such a person, I doubt that I'd remember them. They'd likely mess with the memory of meeting them in general." Ivan answered. 
There was so much that we didn't know. So much that it bothered me. How many abilities did Boss have? How do we beat Boss' abilities? What if we couldn't? Who were the 8 Enforcers? What abilities did they have? We had most of our memories back, except for the super important ones. Getting those back wasn't going to happen overnight. It was going to take the right set of circumstances for us to be able to get those memories back. The most important part now was to train. To get better. To be strong enough that no one could beat us. I wasn't sure what that looked like. But the only people we had to worry about beating was Boss and the Enforcers. 
"Easy, princess. We'll start working on it. We can do it. Don't stress too much about it. We got this. I'm right here with you all the way. We just need to get started. That's the hardest part." Ivan reassured me. 
"We need to talk to Drake. Then we need to get started immediately." I told him. 
"Done, but first, you need to feed princess. I can feel how hungry you are." Ivan smirked at me knowingly. 
"It's interesting that you feel it stronger than I do." I laughed. 
"I wouldn't say I feel it stronger. I'm just more aware of it. You seem to focus on other things but it's there in the background. You just ignore it. I feel everything you feel. It's a different feeling for me, so I might just notice it more because of that." 
"There's so much that we need to learn and figure out." I said, stressed. 
"In due time. We will figure it all out. Think of it this way. We can't fix things overnight. It's a process. Learning how to fight better is a process as well. So instead of worrying about things we can't control, let's work on getting 1% better each day. That 1% will stack up. Eventually when we need to and are ready, we'll get out of here." Ivan told me. 
"Yeah but in the process, what is Boss going to do to me?" 
Ivan flinched, "True. I don't think he's going to try to torture you necessarily. I think he's going to test your abilities. Which means you'll likely get a chance to fight a lot. He wants to see the extent of your abilities. He saw your speed and hand to hand combat. Also the Dragon Eye. But to what extent? Is it possible to go faster? Is it possible to beat the Dragon Eye? That's the stuff he wants to know. He's going to see where the failures are, which means things are not going to be easy. But I'll be there with you. I'll fix you up everytime and you'll be able to feed from me right after." 
"It really doesn't hurt when I feed from you?" I asked, still unsure. 
Ivan moved to face me, pinning me to the wall. I sucked in a breath when I saw his wolf eyes still glowing at me. They had darkened and I could see the lust and desire in them. 
"I can't speak for anyone else because they aren't in the exact same situation as we are. But when it comes to you and me, princess" He pressed his body against me and I could feel his arousal, "All I feel is pleasure." 
###chapter 113
*Ariya*


A soft groan escaped my lips as Ivan pressed himself up against me. 
"Maybe you should put a barrier up, princess." Ivan whispered, the lust filling his eyes. 
Ivan nuzzled at my neck, breathing in my scent. My body shivered in response, excited for what was to come. Our minds were fully connected and I knew exactly how he was feeling. I tried to focus on putting the barrier up but my thoughts were elsewhere. My thoughts ran through my mind. I thought about running my tongue up Ivan's neck. As soon as the thought crossed my mind, instead of me doing it to Ivan, Ivan did it to me. He ran his tongue lightly up my neck causing me to moan. A trail of fire lit up from where his tongue had touched. I gasped as Ivan pressed up against me. His arousal was evident. 
"Ari, I want you. Bad." Ivan breathed, running his hands up my sides. 
My breathing quickened as all the thoughts of our first time flashed through my mind. I could feel my own arousal pool between my legs. I took Ivan's face in my hands, smashing my lips to his. Ivan deepened the kiss, exploring my mouth with his tongue. I felt my fangs force their way forward and a soft growl came from me. I groaned as my teeth scraped against his tongue. I heard Ivan let out a soft moan as well. I could feel his desire. I felt the heat rise up in him as our kiss continued to deepen. 
Abruptly I shoved him away, panting hard. 
"I'm never going to get the barrier up if you keep teasing me." I giggled. 
Ivan held his hands up and laughed, "I won't do anything more until you do." 
I grinned at him and held my hands out. I took a deep breath, trying to concentrate. One day, this was going to be a lot easier to do. But for now, it took some effort. I created the barrier and as soon as I opened my eyes I saw Ivan's wolf eyes glowing at me. My eyes glowed back in response. 
"I want to feel what you feel." I told him. 
I wanted to truly know how it felt when I fed on him. I believed him when he said that all he felt was pleasure but I still worried that there might even be a slight amount of pain. 
"There's no pain, princess." Ivan smirked. 
"I still want to feel it." I told him. 
"It's going to take some focus on your part. I don't know if we'll be able to fully do it but we can try." 
"What do you mean?" 
"Just try to take in what I'm feeling. It's going to be hard to separate what you're feeling but try to. Focus on me, what I'm doing, the sensations I feel when I do anything. Ok?" 
Ivan closed the distance between us and pressed up against me. I felt him nuzzle his head in my neck. Rubbing his face and taking in my scent. I tried to focus on what he was feeling as he did. Ivan ran his tongue up my neck, making my body shiver once again in excitement for what was to come. 
*Easy, princess. Focus.* Ivan said softly in our head. 
Ivan kissed me passionately. I kissed him back, quickly deepening the kiss. 
*Focus Ari, what am I feeling? I know what you're feeling. But focus on what I'm feeling. It's the only way you're going to feel what I feel when you feed from me.* Ivan told me. 
*I can't help it, I want you. I don't want space between us. I want you inside me.* I told him. 
That was when it clicked. I felt Ivan's cock harden and the excitement rise within him. He wanted to be inside me as well. His control wavered as he pressed against me. He quickly pulled my clothes off along with his. Our bodies pressed against each other. I felt the electricity flow through me and I gasped. Ivan kissed me, deepening our kiss so he could explore my mouth. I felt his desire to make my fangs come out as he ran his tongue over them. As my fangs pushed their way out, I felt a heat spread throughout his body. 
I nipped his tongue and the electricity moved through his body. I felt his dick thicken even more and the wetness pooled between my legs. Ivan moaned as the tip of his cock rubbed at my entrance. 
*You're so wet already. It's like you're pulling me inside you.* He moaned. 
I felt his pleasure as the tip of his cock slid inside my core a little bit. I could feel his desire to taste a bit of my own blood so I quickly nipped my own tongue and kissed him deeply. As our blood mixed in his mouth I felt his body jolt as he bucked against me. I gasped as he slid deeper inside of me. I could feel the pleasure he felt being only partly inside of me. I wanted him to start moving but I could feel his desire growing more. He wanted me to bite him as he fully entered me. 
I ran my tongue from his jaw to his neck. A moan came from both of us as I scraped my fangs on his neck. I felt his dick grow a little more. I moaned as it stretched me more. 
*Ari, please.* Ivan begged. 
I bit down on his neck, hard. But no pain came from him. Instead it felt like he was on the verge of an orgasm. I felt his pleasure as his eyes rolled to the back of his head. He was in complete euphoria. He thrust his hips forward, entering me completely. Ivan rocked his hips slowly, making sure my body adjusted to his size before increasing his pace. 
It felt like I was on the edge of a frenzy. Ivan's pleasure he was feeling was euphoric. Once he was sure my body had adjusted he began increasing the pace. It was like it was a race to finish at the same time as I fed from him. But also for us to both crash into our orgasms together. I loved it. He pounded into me at a brutal pace. I could feel his strength begin to drain from the blood loss but that was at the bottom of the ladder. Ivan was in pure bliss as he slammed into me. I could feel his breathing pick up and his dick get even harder as he neared the edge. 
I felt my body clamp tightly around his cock as he groaned in pleasure. Ivan was right he didn't feel even a little bit of pain. All he was feeling was pleasure. I wasn't aware that I had this effect on him. It made me want more. But I wasn't sure if that was me wanting it or him at this point. All I felt was what he felt. Ivan picked up his pace as we neared the edge of the cliff we were about to go over. 
I felt my own orgasm start to take hold as we crashed over the edge into our orgasms and I finished draining Ivan. His body bucked into mine one last time as the blood rushed through his body again from his ability. It was exhilarating. His body shuddered with mine as he exploded into me from his orgasm. I cried out in pleasure as my own orgasm took hold of me. My cry turned into a growl as the feeling hit me from draining Ivan. It was enchanting. We both were breathing heavily. Ivan collapsed on top of me, hugging me tightly. 
*See, no pain. Just heaven. Just perfect. Just you, princess.* Ivan told me and I could tell he was grinning inside. 
*That was amazing. Ivan, I love you.* 
*I love you, Ari.*
###chapter 114
*Ariya*


We got redressed and took the barrier down but I still wanted to be close to Ivan. Knowing what I wanted he sat on the mat and opened his arms up for me. I quickly got into his lap and snuggled into his arms. Ivan wrapped his arms around me. He rested his head on mine and breathed in deeply. I could feel the happiness he felt and realized part of why he did it was to allow himself to realize that this was real. That it was really happening. 
*I'm not going anywhere, Ivan. I'm here. This is real. I'm yours.* I pushed the thought to him. 
*I'm just checking. That's all. I don't know if I'll ever stop.* Ivan told me and I could tell he was smirking. 
I squeezed him tightly, *Check as often as you want. I'm yours, forever. However long that is.* 
Ivan inhaled deeply, taking in my scent once more. 
*I'm never going to get tired of this, but we should probably get to work. We need to contact Drake and the others.* Ivan sighed. 
*Do you want me to pull everyone in my mind, including you?* I asked him. 
*We really should have this conversation with everyone, but I'll need to be on the lookout. If Boss gets close I'll have to be able to let you know. Besides, we don't even know if you can pull me in yet. We've never tried.* 
*I have a feeling it will be really easy to pull you in. You'll just have to relax and let me tug at your mind. Don't worry about a lookout. In my mind we'll be able to feel if the memories start to fade at all. Aside from that I can make it to where we can still see what's going on while we're there.* I said, grinning. 
*Really? Let's do it then. But I do think we should be away from each other. Just in case.* Ivan said. 
I could feel how much he didn't want to let me go or sit across the room from me. But I also knew that he was right. There wasn't enough time to get back to our bodies and get away from each other before someone walked into the room. Ivan kissed me on the head before letting me go. I got up and he moved to be seated closer by the door but still out of sight from anyone that might head towards us. 
"Ready?" I asked him, outloud this time. 
Ivan laughed, "Sometimes I just like talking in our heads instead of out loud. If anyone were around they'd probably just think we were staring at each other." 
I grinned, "True. It's probably safest to do that anyway. But we have a warning system so it really doesn't matter I don't think." 
Ivan smiled at me, *I'm ready, princess.* 
I smiled back at him as both of our eyes flashed at each other. I closed mine for a second, concentrating on what I needed to do to pull Ivan into my mind. I thought about how I pulled Keo, Drake, and Caleb last time and did the same thing. Ivan didn't resist at all and in a matter of seconds he was in the plain room standing face to face with me. 
Ivan's eyes widened, "That was fast! I thought it would take longer." 
I grinned, "It helps that you trust me and just let me pull you to me." 
A smile spread across Ivan's face and for a split second I saw Ivan as he was when he was a kid. He had always been grumpy and somewhat standoffish. It was understandable from what he'd been through. But there was a moment before everything happened that Ivan started to open up and we'd seen him laugh and smile for the first time. I quickly tugged at the minds of the others and they showed up in time to see Ivan's smile before it went away. 
I felt tears sting my eyes while Drake, Keo, and Caleb wore shocked expressions. Ivan cocked his head at us, confused. 
"What?" Ivan asked. 
"I haven't seen that smile in a while." I told him. 
Ivan's expression softened, "I'm sorry, Ari. But I swear we've laughed and smiled a lot since I remembered who I was." 
"Not like that. That one reminded me of when we were all little kids." 
Ivan came right up to me and wrapped his arms around me, "I'd kiss you, but I don't know if you want me doing that in front of everyone. Or how they'd all react." He whispered. 
"You can kiss, you know." Keo laughed, breaking out of the shock. 
"Yeah, we already figured you 2 were together now." Caleb added. 
"Leave them be. Maybe they don't want to be watched." Drake chastised them. 
Ivan and I laughed as Caleb and Keo looked at us apologetically. 
Keo came over to Ivan and I. Ivan reluctantly let me go so that Keo could address us. 
"She's right, it's been a bit since we've even seen you smile like that. It's good to have you back, Ivan." Keo said, then looked at me, "How are you holding up, Ari?" 
"Hanging in there. We had to do something today which is why we called you all here. There's a lot to discuss." I told Keo, giving him a big hug. 
Keo gave me a worried look. He didn't start by asking questions. They knew we'd tell them everything. I looked back at Ivan who wore a pained expression. I immediately took his face in my hands. 
"Don't. It's ok. They're not going to be mad either." I told him. 
Ivan took a deep breath, "Boss has been having issues with the rest of the staff. They kept questioning why Ari was getting privileges and wasn't being tortured. When I went to check in this morning Boss had planned for Ari to fight me. To prove there was a reason I was the only one outside of Boss who could handle watching her. He told me I had to break her" 
Drake's face paled, "Ivan" 
Caleb looked like someone had ripped his heart out. Out of everyone, Caleb understood the meaning of the mate bond. He didn't know all the details and hadn't felt what Ivan felt but he understood it. His parents had explained some things to him before they had died. 
Keo growled, "Boss is going to pay for that." 
Ivan continued, "Boss built this arena and had everyone watch. Once everyone was there he had me bring Ari to the arena. We thought about trying to run but realized it was a test and we were sure that if we had tried to escape it would have ended badly. There wasn't any time to talk to you guys about it. It all happened too fast." 
"You're right, it was a test. I passed by the facility briefly today and noticed barriers up. I'm sure within those barriers there were teleporters. Likely for the Enforcers to show up." Drake said. 
"That's part of why we didn't try. We were mostly worried about not actually getting out, especially with Boss being nearby. But we also knew there was more to Boss than we initially thought. So we went to the arena. On the way to the arena we realized that the mate bond changed me a lot more." 
Drake's eyes narrowed, "What do you mean?" 
"Justin is gone. He no longer exists. I know that I'm Ivan, all the time now." 
###chapter 115
*Ariya*


"I need to get hair dye and plastic wrap!" Caleb announced. 
"Do you have access to your wolf? How did you figure out that Justin is gone? What does that even mean?" Drake asked, urgently. 
"Are you ok? Do we need to try to break in to get you both out?" Keo asked, worried. 
"No, we don't need hair dye or plastic wrap." I laughed. 
"You really want to try plastic wrapping me to a chair, don't you?" Ivan laughed, "I don't have access to my wolf, Drake. No worries on that. Ari holds the key to my wolf being accessed. Remember the talk with my parents that we had? That was part of what we talked about. Something felt weird and we were going to talk to you about it tonight but when we were heading to the arena, I realized that I was aware that I was Ivan and that Justin no longer existed. I still have the memories of when I was him and I know how to act, but Justin is gone. You guys don't need to break us out. As long as I don't have access to my wolf we are good." Ivan explained. 
"The second you realize that you have access to your wolf you need to get out of there immediately or they're going to kill you." Drake warned. 
"We will. It's ok right now. We can't get out though. When we fought we realized that everyone was terrified. They were surprised about how fast our attacks were and the skill level we were at. Ari needs to continue to learn more and so do I if we're going to get out of there. When we realized the shock that everyone, including Boss, had, we tried something. We tried to see if we could knock him out." 
"Are you crazy?! What if he noticed?!" Drake roared at us. 
"We saw an opportunity, Drake. He didn't notice, because Ivan's attack was aimed at me and I tried to block it." I told Drake. 
"I had to break her wrist to make it look good." Ivan growled. 
Drake paled again, "At least pain for us is only temporary." 
"Even if it wasn't temporary, the pain was worth it. We found out that Boss has more than 1 ability." I told them. 
There was tension and fear in the air after the revelation. 
"That's not possible." Keo gasped. 
"Unfortunately it is." Drake sighed. 
Everyone turned to Drake, shocked. We stared at him, waiting for him to elaborate. 
"The thought that everyone only has 1 ability is false. Most people only awaken 1 ability. There are a few that have both abilities of their parents and happen to awaken them both. It's very rare though." Drake explained. 
"I knew it!" I exclaimed. 
"I get the feeling that's not everything." Ivan said. 
Drake sighed, "I only ever heard rumors about it. I don't know if it's true or not. But there's also a chance that Boss's true ability is the ability to take other people's abilities." 
"What do you mean? There's a rumor that Boss is like that?" I asked, fearful. 
Ivan wrapped his arms around me and I could tell it was instinctive. He was trying to console me and protect me at the same time. We didn't have to worry about Drake but we were worried about this possibility. 
"No, just that there are a very small number of people that can take other people's abilities. It's likely that your Boss falls in 1 of the 2 categories." Drake said. 
"So Boss either has 2 abilities or the ability to take other people's abilities?" Caleb asked. 
"That's right." 
"How do we figure out which one it is?" Keo asked. 
"I don't know if we can. The only thing we can do is prepare for what we know he already has." Drake said. 
"Those aren't easy ones to prepare for. Boss can control the gravity under someone. He can also stop something flying at him as if he has Telekinesis." Ivan muttered. 
"Are we sure it's Telekinesis?" Keo asked. 
"Not completely." Ivan said. 
"It could be anything. We need to be prepared that objects can't hit him like he has a barrier around him or that he has Telekinesis. It's not going to be easy but we're all going to have to get stronger." Drake said. 
"Ivan and I already thought that. I just don't know where to start." I said. 
"That's just it, princess. The point is to get started. That's all we can do." Ivan told me. 
"Unfortunately we all have a lot to work on." Drake started. 
We all looked at him. Drake was basically an elder even though he didn't look like it. I don't think any of us were exactly sure how old Drake was since he didn't age but we knew that he had knowledge that far surpassed what we knew. Drake was also like a parent to us. He was the closest thing to a father figure any of us had. We waited for his direction. 
"Ariya's plan is solid. The only part is our execution. We all have a lot of learning to do. Ariya, you and Keo need to work on swapping places so that the swap is instant. You and your brother have differences in your abilities and your energy manipulation can be used in different ways due to the color. Keo, you need to work on your mind links since it is newer to you. Ivan, you have a lot to work on with Ariya and learning more about your mate bond. I'm sure your parents told you both what the mate bond entails. Caleb, you need to increase your speed and stamina. Also, Ivan, we could all use some training from you on our hand to hand combat." Drake told us. 
He wasn't wrong. There was so much that we all needed to work on. We needed to start now. Not wait to see what Boss was going to do next. Ivan and I had most of our memories and we knew that we wouldn't get the really important ones until it was absolutely necessary. I had a lot to learn and since Ivan and I completed the mate bond, he did too. 
"How are we supposed to get better at everything when I'm locked in a room? Ivan and I can't make too much noise and if I put a barrier up each time they're going to get suspicious." I asked. 
"They'll only get suspicious if they're looking, Ari. But you're right, we can't do that every time. We also don't have a ton of room to work with. It will be useful to work on our hand to hand combat in a small area but it's more than likely that we'll be fighting in bigger spaces. We also need to learn how to fight together, otherwise we'll just be in each other's way." Ivan said. 
"One step at a time. The most important thing is the next step. Ariya, I'm guessing you have enough space to start working out in the room you're in? Ivan can probably instruct you. We can work on Caleb's speed while you guys do that. Energy Manipulation practice can be done where you're at too. You just need to be careful. Get used to movements and sudden activation. From there, we can work on fighting each other. Ariya, since you can pull all of us into your mind, we can actually practice hand to hand combat here. We'll have to physically practice the movements but our mind will already know what to do. We'll have to have our physical body able to match the movements though." Drake told us. 
We all nodded in agreement. 
"We can't spend too much time here until we get used to snapping back and forth instantly. If it takes too long and someone shows up, Ariya and I could get caught." Ivan mentioned. 
"Guess we know where to start then. We all need to practice getting to this point and then getting back. We could time it." Caleb said. 
"We will. Not now though. Ivan's right, spending too much time for him here could be dangerous." Drake said. 
"When should we practice this one?" I asked. 
"First thing in the morning after I speak to Boss. He will let me know if he plans on coming over to the room. It would give us at least an hour after I see him for some uninterrupted practice. Unless he comes with me, that is. But it will give us some practice time. Outside of that I would say before I leave for the night or after I leave for the night." Ivan answered. 
"I guess that means for now, everyone goes back and Ari and I practice swapping." Keo grinned at me. 
"We should work on trying to figure out if there's a difference we can catch when they switch, that way the 3 of us always know who is who but also if it's possible for anyone else to tell the difference." Drake laughed. 
"So each time we swap you guys will guess?" I asked. 
"I won't be guessing, I'll already know." Ivan laughed. 
"Mate bond?" Caleb asked. 
"Yup. Did you and Keo bond? Maybe there's a way you can tell." Ivan wondered. 
"We did. How do you tell with Ariya?" Caleb asked. 
Ivan let his eyes change to his wolf eyes. He came over to me and kissed me softly on the forehead. I wrapped my arms around him, holding him closer to me. Ivan smiled and hugged me tightly. 
"I know because I use my wolf eyes. The mate bond marked both of us. There's a hidden mark that I can only see with my wolf eyes." Ivan explained. 
Caleb looked at Ivan, wide-eyed, "I can't make my eyes do that unless I'm shifting in and out. Is the mark visible when you're a wolf?" 
Ivan's body shivered, "I'd have to shift with Ari there to be able to tell. I can try though. After that, Keo and Ariya can start practicing on swapping places." 
###chapter 116
*Ariya*


"Let me know when you're ready, Ari. I don't think we've practiced fully swapping places. So it will probably take a while. We'll have to figure out how to do it." Keo said. 
I nodded at him, "See you soon." 
Drake, Caleb and Keo severed the connection and went back. Leaving Ivan and I still in my mind.
"I'm not totally sure what I do now, princess." Ivan told me. 
I grinned at him, "It's like how we sever the connection normally. Just this time you'll go back to your body and then we can re-establish the connection our normal way." 
"We'll need to work on it. You'll also have to tell me how you and Keo end up swapping if it works." Ivan grinned. 
"Why? Wanna try it?" I laughed. 
"Don't give me any ideas, Ari." Ivan laughed, kissing me softly. 
"See you on the other side?" I asked. 
"You can count on it. I have to shift to find out the answer to Caleb's question." Ivan told me. 
We severed the connection and my eyes refocused on the world around me as it came back. I looked at Ivan and watched as his blank expression changed and the light came back to his eyes. If I didn't know why it happened, I probably would have been worried. Ivan looked right at me and smiled. He came over and scooped me up in his arms, holding me closely. 
"This is so much better." Ivan said, breathing in my scent. 
I giggled, "I agree, but you need to shift. The others are waiting. We can't make them wait too long or they might try to see what happened." 
I felt Ivan's mind connect back to mine and a warmth flowed through me. It felt weird not being connected to each other when we weren't. I was glad that the only time we weren't going to be connected was when we were training. We no longer had to be separated when Ivan was around Boss and the others. 
*We might need to be cautious of it though, princess. I know they won't be able to tell but I'm not a master of separating my thoughts and my expressions. If I'm in front of Boss and I start laughing randomly he'll either realize or think I'm insane. Both of which aren't good outcomes.* Ivan said to me in our head.
*True. I like feeling you there though. I feel safer.* I said, softly. 
Ivan hugged me tightly, *I'm here, Ari. I'm always here. I just need to work on my expressions when we talk. I don't talk much to anyone but it is better to be safe than sorry.* 
*We can work on it here. You won't get the outward conversation at the same time but at least we can work on your reactions staying internally. I don't need to actively talk to you when you're trying to talk to someone.* I giggled. 
*I'm not worried about you wanting to talk, princess. I want to talk with you always. I'm addicted to you, if you haven't noticed.* Ivan laughed. 
*I wouldn't have it any other way. Besides, the feeling is mutual. I'm definitely addicted to you.* I thought. 
My mind went back to our experiment before. Feeding on Ivan and the taste. I felt my hunger rise, thinking back on it. My tongue moved across the back of my canines. Ivan's body tensed and then shivered. I felt his eyes roll to the back of his head as his breathing picked up. 
*Shoot. Sorry.* I said quickly, snapping out of it. 
Ivan growled, *You don't need to be sorry. If you're hungry, you should feed. You know how it makes me feel.* 
I giggled, *I can feel you better now. I can feel your emotions and how your body responds.* 
Ivan kissed me passionately, *That's because I want you. But we have to wait.* 
Ivan got up and pulled his shirt off and kicked his shoes off. I wondered about the mark on his back from the mate bond and what it looked like. Ivan grinned at me and then turned around. It was like a tribal swirl. Similar to how our clan's symbols to each other were. 
*Wait until you see the one on my wolf. It hurt but it's there now.* Ivan grinned. 
I felt his body shiver through our connection. 
*Wait, do I need to put a barrier up?* I asked. 
Ivan's breathing picked up as his body shivered violently. He was trying to hold back to answer my question but was already in the process of shifting. 
Ivan shook his head, *No. It's ok now.* 
His body shivered more and I felt his body expand. He shifted quickly into his wolf, his teeth bared at first. His eyes focused on me and he whined. I looked at him worried. 
*What's wrong?* I asked. 
His eyes widened, *Sorry. I forgot that we can still talk. I'm so used to no one being able to hear me or understand me. I just forgot.* 
My fear disappeared and I ran over and threw my arms around his neck. I felt Ivan relax as he leaned his head into me. Ivan's heart seemed to speed up a bit. 
*What do you feel when I play with your ears?* I asked him, curious. 
I loved messing with his ears when he was in wolf form. They were so soft and fluffy. 
*Electricity. Happiness. I love everything you do. I just want to be near you, Ari. Everything you do feels good.* Ivan laughed. 
I messed with his ears and felt exactly what he had told me. I giggled at the feeling. I was never going to get over being able to feel what he felt. He was right about the mark on his wolf. On his shoulder and partly down his arm the mark was there. The mark meaning that he was mate bonded. Solely meant for 1 person. 
*That person is you, Ari. I'm yours completely.* Ivan said, lovingly. 
A smile spread across my face and I felt Ivan's heart pull toward me. 
*I'm yours completely, Ivan.* I told him. 
*We need to do what we're supposed to, Ari. They're going to start wondering.* Ivan said. 
I nodded and pulled away. Ivan looked at me and nodded. 
*It's there. I can see it. I figured I would see it if I was in wolf form. It would be weird if I didn't.* Ivan said. 
*What's it look like?* I asked him. 
Ivan thought about how it looked and I saw the image in my mind. It was still tribal like but it looked more like it could be writing instead of the swirl pattern that Ivan had. It was unique though. Ivan shifted back and wrapped his arms around me, once more. I snuggled into his chest. Completely at peace. I loved Ivan's wolf but I liked being in Ivan's arms the most. 
I felt Keo's mental push and Ivan looked at me surprised. 
I giggled, *It's Keo, I'm going to let him in.* 
*Hey, Ari. Sorry. I don't mean to bother. Drake said that we should feed first. Just in case. I just needed to let you know.* Keo told me. 
*Ok, I will. I'll send you a push when I'm ready? Or maybe I should send it to Drake just in case you're not done?* I asked. 
*Yeah, Drake is probably the better route for me, I'm kinda hungry. I'll wait for you though. I won't reach out until Drake gives me the ok from you.* Keo said. 
*Sounds good. I'm kinda hungry too so I'll talk to you soon.* I responded. 
Keo severed the connection. Ivan looked at me mischievously. I wasn't completely sure which way his mind was going at first because my own mind was going in different directions. 
###chapter 117
*Ariya*


*We can't have sex, Ari. Who knows what Keo will feel when you guys swap places. I'm sure the feelings don't go away instantly after.* Ivan smirked. 
I blushed, *I know, but still. It's amazing and my favorite way to feed from you.* 
Ivan blushed this time, *Before I leave tonight. If you want to. We can. I want to as well, but we can't. Not right now. Besides, it's my turn to feel what you feel when you feed.* 
My eyes changed as I looked at Ivan. A small part of me feared letting him know what it was like for me. How it consumed my every thought. Ivan took my face gently in his hands and brought his lips to mine. 
*I'm never going to think differently of you. If it makes you feel better, part of me is getting addicted to it when you give me some of your blood.* Ivan told me through our mind. 
I stiffened. I wasn't exactly sure what I was doing when I gave him some of my blood. It was extremely personal. That much I knew. But we were doing all of this without much guidance. We knew that we were mated but I wasn't sure if anyone had ever been mated together that were just like us. What would happen if Keo or Drake gave Caleb some of their blood? Should we mention it to them? I could feel my face flush in embarrassment. 
"Breathe, Ari. You're not doing anything wrong. We can talk to Drake if you want. But I think it's ok. You're basically just supercharging my system." Ivan said out loud. 
"I just" I started but stopped. 
"I know. It's ok. I'm not ever going to judge you. This is important to you and it's a part of who you are. There's nothing you couldn't show me that I wouldn't love. I don't have to feel what you feel right now. We can do it if you ever want to. I'm curious, but I don't need to know." Ivan said, comforting me. 
I snuggled into his chest. Ivan hugged me close to him, breathing me in. I could feel that he was genuine in what he said. He didn't want to pressure me. It wasn't that I didn't want him to know. I was just worried that he would look at me differently. That he would see me differently. But he loved me.
*I will always love you, Ari. I promise I'm not trying to intrude on your thoughts. We're just still connected. I can cut the connection if you want me to, to give you some privacy.* Ivan told me in our mind. 
Panic hit me as soon as he said it. 
*No! Pleasedon't leave. Stay here. Don't cut the connection.* 
*I'm not going anywhere. Not unless you want me to. I'm right here, Ari. I'm here.* Ivan told me. 
*I'm just nervous about you feeling it. Sometimes I get a little lost in the feeling. That's it. Especially if I'm really hungry.* I told him. 
*You don't need to show me, Ari. It's ok. I don't need to know right now.* 
*I want you to know. I just don't want you to be scared of me.* 
I felt Ivan flinch, *I'm sorry, Ari. I don't want you to ever think that I'm scared of you. You can't hurt me by feeding on me. No matter how hard you were to try. Since we're bonded you're kinda stuck with me. You can lose complete control when it comes to me. I can handle it.* 
*You can't if you're in front of Boss. He'll know immediately if I was to drain you.* 
Ivan laughed, *That's the only time I'll fight back and make sure you don't bite me. Unless we plan it.* 
I looked up at Ivan, the thought forming into a plan in my head. A smile spread across Ivan's face as he got the plan in his head at the same time. His eyes lit up with excitement. 
*I like this idea. We're going to have to practice it though. It would have to be perfect for it to work.* Ivan grinned. 
*There might be some kinks in the plan. But it's an idea.* I grinned back at him. 
*You could always try it now.* 
*Only part of it, you gotta feel what it feels like when I do feed first.* I told him. 
*Only if you're sure about it, Ari.* 
*I'm sure as long as you're not going to be scared of me.* 
*Never.* 
I nuzzled into Ivan's neck, breathing him in. I could smell his blood running just below the surface. I let myself get sucked into the scent. It was intoxicating. Feeding from Ivan was like pure bliss to me. I ran the tip of my tongue up his neck, licking the artery. Ivan moaned as his eyes rolled back and the electricity moved through him. 
*Focus on me, Ivan. Focus on what I'm feeling.* I whispered. 
I ran the tip of my tongue up his neck again as his blood pulsed through his veins. My breathing picked up and my mouth opened as my fangs forced their way out. I scraped my teeth over his neck and groaned. I felt my hunger rise to the surface as the singular thought I had was to bite down. I gave in to my desire and bit down onto Ivan's neck. Blood poured into my mouth and I felt the electricity flow through me. I gulped down Ivan's blood greedily as I felt his heart rate increase. The taste of him, perfect. I wanted more.
I moved my hand to the other side of his neck, pulling him closer to me. I could feel my control waver as my need to devour him intensified. I could feel my body finish repairing itself. The strength returned to me. I could feel Ivan's pulse slow as I drained him. It was like taking a life with my teeth. I felt it as his body was drained and as it shut down. The part that I took became a part of me. I released him after his body was drained. The vampire part of me growling and breathing heavily. I wanted more. 
*More.* I heard Ivan say in my head. 
Without hesitating, I bit down again. Ivan moaned and wrapped his arms around me, holding me closer to him. I drained him again and released him. I was breathing heavily as I regained control. Ivan's blood was on my lips and tongue. I bit my tongue letting my own blood flow from it and licked the holes I had made in Ivan's neck with my teeth. Ivan's body jolted and I looked up at him, immediately concerned. 
*Ivan!* 
His breathing was labored as his wolf eyes flashed at me. His body shivered and he shoved the urge to shift into his wolf. 
*It's ok. I'm ok. That was intense. I feel like I need to run in my wolf form is all.* Ivan laughed. 
*It's not funny! I'm worried about you!* I shouted at him, scared. 
*I'm sorry, princess. I'm ok. I promise. I think it's because you just fed as much as you needed. Then mixing our blood like that, it was just intense. I'm ok. It's going to take a little getting used to. Like not laughing on the outside.* Ivan told me. 
I curled up in his arms but checked his neck first. The holes were closed. I had a feeling it would happen. I wasn't completely sure but I was now. I wondered what Ivan's thoughts were about me feeding. He didn't say anything but we were immediately concerned with his reaction to what I did. 
*I know why it's hard to resist now. That feeling is intense. It's addicting. I didn't want it to stop when it did the first time. I knew you wanted more but I did too.* Ivan said, nuzzling into me. 
*It isn't scary? Knowing how much control I lose?* I asked. 
*Not at all. In fact, your amount of control is amazing. I would have lost control or gave in if I was you. But you let yourself lose a certain amount of control and that's it. I'm guessing I won't ever feel you fully lose control though.* Ivan thought. 
*I don't know. It's not that I wouldn't want you to know but when I lose control I'm not ever there. I'm sure you might be able to feel it. But it's like a primal side takes over and we're unconscious. You're more likely to be pulled into my mind with me if I fully lose control. But that's only if I'm feeding on you.* 
*If it ever happens I will let you know how it feels if I'm able to.* Ivan winked at me.
###chapter 118
*Ariya*


*Ready to reach out to Drake?* Ivan asked. 
*I guess. I'm a little worried about being scolded though.* I said, nervously. 
*We'll get scolded together if that's the case.* Ivan told me. 
I sent a push to Drake to connect us. 
*All done over there?* Drake asked. 
*Yeah, but before you tell them, we wanted to talk to you. Run something by you* I trailed off nervously. 
*Keo's still feeding. What's going on, kiddo? Why do you seem worried?* Drake asked. 
*UhI umm* I trailed off. 
*I can say it if you want me to, Ari.* Ivan offered. 
I nodded at him. Still nervous. I wasn't totally sure how Drake was going to react. Drake laughed in our head. He knew we were nervous about something but wasn't sure what it was. 
*I feel like I'm a parent and my kids are about to tell me they did a bad thing and killed someone who can't actually be killed.* 
Ivan laughed, *Something like that. After Ari and I bonded um* 
Ivan blushed and his face was bright red. I couldn't help but giggle. 
*Not so easy, is it?* I giggled. 
*I know you 2 had sex.* Drake pointed out. 
Both of us turned beet red. 
*Relax. The mate bond is a lot different than a regular bond. Ivan, you're mated to Ariya. I figured at some point you 2 would have sex. I don't need to know the details but I'm guessing it was something after that, that happened.* Drake said after we didn't talk. 
*Right. After all of itumwell Ivan uhcollapsed but like he felt like he was slipping away from me and I panicked.* I said, flustered. 
*Ivan, were you blacking out?* Drake asked. 
*I don't know. I think so. I just felt like all the strength was drained from me and I couldn't keep my eyes open. I tried responding to Ari but she said it came out mumbled.* 
*So I may or may not have given him some of my blood.* I whispered. 
*Really? What happened?* Drake asked, stunned. 
*It felt like an electric shock jolted me back to life. Whatever was happening didn't end up happening.* Ivan said. 
*Ivan, I think you were so ummexhausted that you were falling into a memory. Because you 2 had just completed the bond you might not have had it strong enough to be able to experience the memory from the other person. Ariya, giving him your blood isn't a bad thing. It's not something that's really done but you 2 are mated. It sounds like you give him a boost of your own energy. If you're hungry it might not work the same way, but it's a personal thing. If you want to do that, that's your choice. It's not going to hurt him or make him crash in the end. It's more of a boost of energy that he can use.* Drake responded. 
*Wait, so you're not mad?* I asked Drake. 
*Why would I be? Because you gave him some of your own blood? Ari, unfortunately no one here has experience with being mate bonded to an Original Navi Wolf. It means you're kinda on your own with some of it. There's probably a lot of experiences that you both will have that none of us are going to understand. I'm here to help and guide the best I can but I wasn't mate bonded to Derek. Your Mom wasn't mate bonded to Ivan's Mom either. So I don't really have much to go on. You do realize to turn someone that isn't a Navi into a vampire that they have to take some of our blood right?* Drake asked. 
*I'm not turning Ivan am I?* I asked worriedly. 
*No, there's a lot more to it. You might get him addicted to the feeling though.* Drake laughed. 
*Too late for that. The second it happened the first time, I wanted it again. Then again, feeling how it is for you guys to feed makes me wonder how you're able to stop.* Ivan laughed. 
*Wait. What do you mean, feeling how it is for us to feed?* Drake asked. 
I felt my cheeks turn red. We hadn't gone into any detail about the mate bond with them. We were still learning things. We weren't even completely sure of everything that would or could happen. 
*Ivan can feel what I feel. The opposite is true too. We're almost always linked through our thoughts unless we sever the link. Ivan can see my memory if I'm sleeping and he's awake. I don't know if it works if we're both asleep. But we can also use some of the abilities of the other. So Ivan should be able to use my Energy Manipulation and the Dragon's Eye.* I explained to Drake. 
*Sounds like Ivan has a lot of training to do as well. I knew you guys could talk through your mind but I didn't realize it was a constant thing. I also didn't know you both could feel what the other feels.* Drake thought out loud. 
*Yeah, Ari knows what it feels like for me to be fed on by her. It's something my parents said that I would be able to show her. She knows it doesn't hurt us at all.* Ivan said. 
*As that bond gets stronger you 2 are likely to become almost untouchable.* Drake pointed out. 
*Like you?* I said, excited. 
*I'm not untouchable, Ariya. Ivan proved that when he beat me up.* Drake laughed. 
*Sorry.* Ivan said. 
*Don't be. It showed me spots I need to work on. Besides, I'm glad to know that Ariya is well protected. I guess we'll need to focus on you learning how to use our abilities as well.* Drake said. 
*Ari's got that covered for me. She promised to show me what she knows. So as you teach her, she'll teach me.* Ivan grinned. 
*Keo's done. You'll probably have to sever the connection with you and Ari so they can work on swapping.* Drake pointed out. 
*We will. Oh and the answer to Caleb's question, yes. I can see the mark in my wolf form. I'll work on him learning how to use his wolf eyes though. And enhance his sense of smell if possible.* Ivan told Drake. 
*It's going to take a lot Drake, for the swap. Keo and I haven't fully swapped places yet.* I mentioned. 
*What do you mean? You took over for Keo once when he was beating me up. Keo's taken over for you in the facility once.* Drake asked. 
*Yes, but never at the same time. Keo was still in the background when I took over his body. The same way we were all in the background when Keo was in control of mine. We've never fully swapped places yet. Only temporarily. I'm not sure how we manage to do it.* I explained. 
*Well I guess it's time for some trial and error.* Drake said. 
*Maybe instead of guessing who is who we work on trying to get you both just swapping. Once you get the hang of it we can start guessing?* Ivan offered. 
*Sounds like a plan to me. Ariya, you'll both also have to figure out to let the other know what's going on later. But for now just see about swapping places.* Drake mentioned. 
*Like knowing what happened last? You both could ask each of us a question and when we swap we can give the answer. That's probably the best way to test that we know what's going on when we swap.* I added. 
*Sounds good. It would be better if it is simple. Like a 1 word thing that is able to be memorized. But we'll get there. Good luck, Ariya. I'll see you soon if it works, kiddo.* Drake said. 
Drake cut the connection, leaving Ivan and I alone for a moment. I snuggled into his arms, burying my face in his chest. I breathed him in more as he squeezed me tightly. 
*I'm still here. But I don't think I should have you in my lap when you guys swap. That might be a little weird for Keo and I.* Ivan laughed. 
I laughed with him, *Can you imagine? Keo would be a little freaked out.* 
Ivan gave me a tight hug again and kissed me softly on the lips. He took in a deep breath, breathing in my scent before getting up and moving back to the chair. 
*Good luck, Ari. You can do this.* Ivan encouraged me. 
Ivan and I cut our connection so Keo and I could practice. I felt Keo pull at my mind immediately after. I let him so we could face each other and try to figure out how to make this work. 
"Hey, Ari!" Keo said, beaming at me. 
I jumped into Keo's arms and gave him a hug. 
"I miss you." I told him. 
"I miss you too. You're always hanging out with that wolf though. Sheesh. And you had to go and get yourself caught." Keo smirked, playing around. 
I giggled, "How do you suppose we do this? We've only ever ridden as a passenger with the other before. Never both swapped."
"I've been thinking about that. Whoever pulls at the other is where we end up right? So what if we both pull at the same time?"
"It might work but how would we take control? What if we just end up trapped in the other's mind like we are here?"
###chapter 119
*Ariya*


"Well that would suck if it happened but I guess we just pull each other back?" Keo offered. 
"I feel like there's going to be more to just pulling each other over. We have to be able to figure out how to jump into the other's body basically but at the same time let each other know everything that is going on when we are on the other side of it." I explained. 
"One step at a time, Ari. We can do this. We'll figure it out as we go. Ivan is watching on your side, Drake and Caleb are watching on our side. We know where we want to go but we can't guess what all is going to happen until it's happened. The only step that's important is the one that is directly in front of us." Keo told me. 
I gave Keo a big hug, "You're right. Ok so we both try to pull. Let me go back then and then we'll try it." 
"Sounds good." Keo grinned back at me. 
I severed the connection and my eyes readjusted back to the room with Ivan. Ivan flashed his wolf eyes at me. 
"Didn't work?" Ivan asked. 
"We haven't fully tried yet. We have an idea." I said, grinning at him. 
"Good luck." Ivan smiled at me. 
I took a breath and focused on pulling Keo over to me, I felt Keo doing the same thing, pulling me to him. I let him pull me to him. The world around me faded out and Keo and I stood in front of each other for a moment. The room we were in was half like mine and half like his when we were inside each other's mind. 
I looked around, confused. Keo did the same thing and then looked at me, grinning. 
"I think we almost got it. This is kinda weird though. It's like we're in both our minds." Keo laughed. 
"Right. What do you think we do now?" I asked, laughing with him. 
"I guess we just try trade places and see what happens?" Keo suggested. 
"Switch?" I asked, holding my hand up to high five Keo. 
We used to do that as little kids, high five each other and the trade places. A huge smile spread across Keo's face as I held my hand up to high five him. Keo held his own hand up as well. 
"Switch!" Keo said. 
We high fived each other as we traded sides. There was a blinding flash of light and I gasped. My eyes went wide as my senses started to fill in around me. I looked around and panicked. I didn't know what happened or where I was. 
"Whoa! Easy, kiddo!" Drake said, putting his hand on my shoulder. 
"Drake?" I asked, trying to catch my breath. 
"Did it work?" Caleb asked. 
I looked between the two of them, my senses returning to normal. I could see that we were in the safe house that Caleb and I had found and made a while ago. I grinned at them both realizing that I was in Keo's body. 
"Ariya?" Drake asked. 
"Yup!" I beamed. 
Caleb's eyes went wide, "How did you guys figure that out so quickly?" 
"I wouldn't say we figured it out. We just tried to pull each other over. We actually ended up in a split between. I'm not sure how it worked but it did. How long were we gone?" I asked. 
"That's amazing! You guys will have to try and make sure you have it correct on the swap before we start working on more. But it did take about 10 minutes." Drake answered me. 
"10 minutes?! It felt like only a couple seconds to me." I exclaimed. 
"That's why we have to be careful about you switching places. It needs to happen instantly. That's what this practice is for. Ready to try again?" Drake asked. 
"Absolutely, we have to figure out how to switch back first though." I said. 
"It's likely going to be the same way as you were able to switch in the first place." Drake said. 
I nodded and pulled at Keo's mind again. I felt him pull back and once again the world faded out and we were in the room where half was my mind and the other half was his. 
"10 minutes to fully swap is a lot!" I exclaimed. 
"No kidding. We'll just have to keep going back and forth. It's probably us talking. What if we try a few where we don't talk, just swap?" Keo suggested. 
"Sounds good to me." 
Keo and I both raised our hands up to high five. It was a habit. We had to every time because we'd always done it. We high fived and switched sides again. I opened my eyes up and came face to face with Ivan's wolf eyes. 
"Welcome back, princess." Ivan grinned at me. 
"How long did it take when we went to swap back?" I asked him. 
"About the same amount of time. Maybe just a little faster. You came to a lot quicker than he did when you both swapped the first time." Ivan told me.
"HmmI know it's because we're talking before changing places. We're going to try swapping without speaking to each other this time." I told Ivan. 
"You can do it. Just make sure you always come back to me." Ivan smiled. 
"Always." I smiled back. 
I felt Keo pull as I pulled him at the same time. We were back in the room and without speaking this time we high fived and swapped places. My vision blurred but came back quicker than the first time. I looked up at Drake and Caleb. 
"That was a lot faster this time. Maybe 2 minutes?" Caleb said. 
I pouted, "We didn't even talk this time. We just swapped places." 
"Give it time, kiddo. It's going to take practice. At least you guys are getting the hang of swapping back and forth. Maybe now we try adding in some questions. You'll have to figure out the timing part and give the information to the other person instantly. It's going to be some trial and error." Drake told me. 
"Only question is how do we give information to each other before switching back." I grumbled. 
"Try different things." Caleb offered. 
I nodded. I pulled back at Keo again. We met in the room as usual.
"I feel like it's getting easier to get my bearings when I switch places with you." I told him. 
"That will probably come with time. The more we switch places the more compatible our minds will get with each other's body. At least that's my theory." Keo said. 
"Yeah, Drake wants us to focus on trying to exchange information and switch at the same time. I'm not sure how we can do that and get the timing down." I told him. 
"I think the timing will lower the more we practice. This is new for us. It's probably going to take over 100 switches." Keo pointed out. 
"Probably closer to 1,000." I grumbled. 
"We'll get it, Ari. Don't worry. For now, let's work on trying to just switch places and pass information. We'll see how quick we can make it verbally and then go from there." Keo told me. 
Keo and I continued to practice swapping places. He was right. Our timing was going down but it still wasn't instant. For it to work in a fight it would have to be instant and we would have to be able to exchange information at the same time as we pulled at each other's mind. 
"Ugh! I feel like we've done this thousands of times and it's not getting any better now. We're stuck for like 5 minutes if we have to exchange information." I growled. 
"True. It is getting frustrating. There's gotta be some way to instantly exchange the information." Keo said. 
"We're not getting anywhere though. Maybe we should take a break. Besides, I'm starting to get hungry." I told him. 
Keo's eyes went wide, "Now that you mention it, I am too. On both ends. It's not a lot but enough that after practicing for this long that I feel it." 
"We'll have to be careful about that part. I'll reach out to Drake when I'm ready on my side to start up again?" 
"Sounds good. We can all run ideas on what else we can do to give information and switch places. Maybe thinking out loud will lead us to an answer somehow." Keo said. 
Keo and I switched back and I looked at Ivan. I was frustrated. It wasn't getting any faster to switch with Keo. Ivan could see my irritation and scooped me up in his arms. 
"How long do we have?" Ivan asked. 
"A while. I need to be connected back to you." I grumbled. 
*I'm here, Ari.* Ivan said in my head. 
Our connection was able to be re-established instantly but when it came to Keo and I we struggled. I didn't understand why it was that way. We weren't struggling on swapping places but it still took a minute to fully change to the other's body. I didn't know what else we could do at this point. 
*Show me what you've been trying. Maybe I can give some outside perspective?* Ivan offered. 
###chapter 120
*Ariya*


I thought about everything that Keo and I had done up to this point. We had high fived everytime to swap places. How we always ended up in the room that was split between our minds. We would have to verbally tell each other the questions being asked and answered on each side. It was starting to make me mentally exhausted to continue swapping. We had been at it for a couple hours easily. 
I snuggled closer to Ivan. I really just wanted to stay right here at this moment. To be close to him and not practice anymore. I knew we needed to but I was frustrated and I was getting moody. I didn't want to keep at it. I didn't want to continue to stay stuck in the same spot. 
*Maybe that's part of the problem, Ari. It looks like you guys have just continued trying the same thing. The way that you guys have been doing it seems to take at least 5 minutes. What do you think about when you pull Keo to you?* Ivan asked me. 
*I think about pulling him to my mind. What it looks like inside and all that.* I answered. 
*Maybe that's part of the issue. What if you just pull Keo? Don't worry about what it looks like, it's already been solidified. Just pull at him.* Ivan suggested. 
*That might make it a little quicker. The biggest problem is us exchanging information.* I grumbled. 
*So what's the fastest way to get information?* Ivan asked. 
*Seeing it I guess. Hearing it is slow and reading is even worse. So I guess seeing it?* 
*So what if when you guys try to swap you think about what you need Keo to know? Do you think that would work?* Ivan asked. 
*Possibly. I think it is a lot to try to make it appear on a screen in my mind. I wish there was a way I could just give him the information by touching him. Like when we high fived if the information was just basically downloaded to him.* 
Ivan raised an eyebrow at me, *Maybe you can do that, princess. Right now you guys have been talking but what if when you pull each other you try to remember the information that needs to be transferred. When you make contact with each other you give the memory to him.*
*I don't see how that would end up working. But we could try. If we can't make this an instant thing, it's not going to be usable.* I muttered. 
*You'll figure it out, Ari. I know you can. You figure everything out. How about you feed first and then I can get some food for you and you can eat?* Ivan offered. 
I didn't want to feed or eat. I did but I didn't. I just wanted to be in Ivan's arms. I didn't want to leave this spot. I just wanted to curl up and take a nap. 
*We can do that if you want, Ari.* Ivan said, nuzzling his head into me. 
*That's what I'd really like. I don't want you to leave just yet. I just don't want to leave this spot.* I told him. 
*We can't practice all day every day. You all will need your rest. How about just reaching out to Drake and letting him know it's time to stop for the day? That we can try again in a while?* Ivan said. 
*I will in a bit. I'm just tired. And grumpy.* I mumbled. 
Ivan leaned over and kissed me softly. I whimpered when he began to pull away. Ivan grinned and kissed me more passionately. He pressed his lips harder against my own and I felt the electricity surge through me. Ivan deepened the kiss as he explored my mouth with his tongue. My fangs pushed their way out and I could feel Ivan's desire burn underneath. The heat intensified to an almost painful degree. 
*Ivan?* I asked, worried. 
*I need you to feed from me, Ari. Please.* Ivan gasped. 
The heat continued to spread through Ivan's body and I felt the pain that came with it. I did as he asked and bit down on his lip, sucking some of his blood from his lip. A growl came from me as the taste of his blood hit my tongue. I felt my hunger intensify as I broke the kiss and went towards his neck. 
The heat pain that Ivan was feeling was getting more intense. I quickly sunk my teeth into his jugular and Ivan gasped. I felt the pleasure spread throughout his body, quickly extinguishing the heat. After I drained him completely I released him. I licked his neck, closing the wound. Ivan was trying to catch his breath. 
*Ivan what just happened?* I asked, concerned. 
*That's how it feels if you guys don't feed on us. For some reason it happens when you get too hungry. I don't know why. But that's the only time I feel pain. As soon as you bite down it eases up.* Ivan explained. 
*I thought that only happened if we didn't feed on you for a while. Like you needing to shift into a wolf at least 1 time a month.*
*It usually does, but remember, I've only recently gotten my wolf back. Things are different for me at first. I think my body is trying to make up for lost time. That's all.* Ivan explained. 
*I hope that's all it is. We can't have you doing down for the count every time I get hungry. I will get hungry a lot, especially if the battle is difficult.* I said, worried. 
*It usually doesn't affect me. You've been a lot hungrier than that before. I think it is when you resist feeding when you need to and we are able. Remember when we fought. I could feel you in my mind and I knew you were hungry after everything happened. I didn't have the same reaction then.* 
*Yeah but you also didn't have access to your wolf. Ivan this is serious. We should probably mention it to Drake. If it keeps going this way we're going to have to figure something out. When we leave, you'll have access to your wolf. It's not going to be good if you are writhing in pain because I'm hungry and haven't fed from you.* I pointed out. 
*I know, Ari. We'll talk to him. See what he says. We might as well reach out now. Do you still want to practice with Keo today or not?* Ivan asked. 
*Not totally. I want to play with the idea you gave me more. But I want to take a break. I still want to just lay in your arms.* I told him. 
Ivan grinned, *Sounds good to me. We should let them know though. That way they're not expecting you to keep practicing. I'm sure Keo is frustrated and wanting a break too.* 
I nestled into Ivan's arms before reaching out to Drake. 
*Hey, kiddo. You ok? Keo seems exhausted and a little moody.* Drake mentioned. 
Ivan laughed, *Ari is too. We should probably limit working on things. Too much practice could make things worse. Maybe instead of just going until they get frustrated we stop it at an hour? Practice one thing for an hour at a time. It would give them a bit of time to recharge.* 
*I agree. Let's call it done for the night for them practicing switching. Are you going to run with Caleb tonight?* Drake asked Ivan. 
*Yeah. I need to. Besides, Ari likes the run too.* Ivan told him. 
Excitement sparked in me as I thought about being able to feel Ivan running in his wolf form. It was amazing. To feel his paws pushing off of the ground. To feel the wind through his fur. It was an amazing feeling. One I would probably never get over. 
*It seems pretty amazing, Ariya.* Drake said. 
*What? How did you know?* I asked, confused. 
*You have me connected to your mind, Ariya. I know what you think as you think it. Whether you say it out loud or not.* Drake pointed out. 
*Oh yeah. Right. Is Keo going to be ok?* I asked. 
*Yeah, he'll be ok. I think we just stressed you both out. I like Ivan's idea of just going an hour at a time. Rotating through things and people. Too much of something could end up bad.* 
*There's something else we needed to talk to you about.* I told Drake. 
*What's going on?* Drake asked. 
*Ivan's getting the burning feeling when I'm hungry.* 
*That's natural at first. Don't worry about it. When you first bond with the person and first turn they get the feeling a lot more. It's more of a reminder that it needs to happen often. After a little bit it goes away and then really only pops up if you don't feed for a while. Or if you are in desperate need to feed and you are able to safely. It's their body's way of preparing them to handle the amount. My understanding is the burning is from their body pushing the blood through faster.* Drake explained. 
*How long is it going to last?* I asked. 
*A couple months probably. I know it's not pleasant but if you know you're hungry, just feed immediately. Don't wait if you can feed. Ivan will be fine even if you're hungry if he doesn't have access to his wolf. It's his wolf trying to help.* 
*See, nothing to worry about.* Ivan reassured me, *Thank you for explaining it to us, Drake.* 
*Anytime. We'll see you tonight. Reach out if you need us before that.*
###chapter 121
*Ariya*


I stayed in Ivan's arms for a while. I felt comfortable there. Safe. Like everything was going to be ok in the end. No matter what was going on. Things were going to be ok. We would figure out how to keep moving forward no matter what. Ivan had his hand in my short black hair. He was moving his fingers, stretching them out and pulling them back in, in somewhat of a circular motion. It was like he was scratching my head and massaging it at the same time. It felt amazing. I could feel the sleep starting to come and claim me. I had been mentally drained since Keo and I had practiced swapping places for hours. 
Ivan just held me closely and continued his head scratches for me. I drifted off to sleep quickly. 
- 
"Ari?" Keo called out. 
My head snapped toward the sound of his voice, "Keo?" 
"Where are we? What's going on?" Keo asked. 
I looked around, I could see both of our minds in the area we were in and I had a feeling someone was about to come to us. A grin spread across my face making Keo look even more confused. 
"Did you fall asleep?" I asked him. 
"Yeah. I was really irritated and exhausted for some reason and then I sat down and next thing I know I'm here." 
"I'm guessing we're here to see someone. The only people I've ever seen this way are Ivan's parents though. They might be coming to give us some advice." 
"Yeah, but why would Ivan's parents come visit us? Don't get me wrong, I'd love their input but they're both wolves, and Ivan's not even here." 
I giggled, "I'm sure he is. He can probably hear and see everything going on, but he might not be able to speak or let us know." 
"Huh?" 
"Ivan and I always have our minds connected. If I fall asleep he's still connected to my mind. He's still here. He saw one of my memories once." I explained. 
Keo looked at me shocked, "That's kinda cool. Can you guys do anything else?" 
"They can do a lot of things, Keo. They just have to learn." A familiar voice said. 
Our eyes went wide. The voice was so familiar to us even though we hadn't heard it in over 14 years. We both spun around to see our Mom standing behind us. 
"MOM!" We both shouted running over to her. 
We hugged her tightly while she squeezed us both back. I felt hot tears sting my eyes as the last memory I had of her was of her burning alive right in front of me. 
"Oh, Ariya, I'm so sorry that's the last thing that happened." Mom said softly. 
Keo looked at me with wide eyes, "That's the last thing you saw of Mom?" 
My eyes went wide, "You saw that?" 
Keo nodded but didn't speak. 
"You can see things from me like Ivan can." I gasped. 
"Kind of. Ariya, you and your brother are special. You are twins and extremely identical even though you are different genders." 
Keo and I grinned at each other. We didn't mind sharing similar features but we knew there were differences between us. But we liked being able to swap places and fool everyone. We had done it since we were little kids. Ivan was the only one that always knew the difference. 
"When you are in your mind you both can share a memory. It happens in an instant and the information is transferred to each other automatically. You've both been working on trying to actually swap places, right?" Mom continued. 
"Yeah, we just can't get the timing to happen instantly. There's too much that needs to happen and the lowest time that we can get it to is 5 minutes. If we're fighting, that's not going to work." Keo answered. 
Mom smiled at us, "You have to stop thinking of it in steps. It's a fluid motion. You need to master each step first and then start making it a fluid motion. Everything is connected. That's why, whether you realize it or not you have to touch before swapping." 
"Wait, so we actually HAVE to high five? We just did it because we always have." I said, shocked. 
"When you guys touch it is your mind touching. Just like now. You see a room but that's because you're putting it in a box." Mom explained. 
"So if we make our minds touch then we can actually pass the information over instantly?" I asked. 
"Yes. It will take some practice. You need to be thinking of the specific moment as you high five each other." 
"Usually we focus on pulling one another. Do we still need to do that?" Keo asked. 
"For now. It's like how Ariya and Ivan communicate. They no longer think about creating the connection, they just think of the thought they want to give each other and the connection automatically establishes." 
"So Ivan and I have been constantly working on making things happen instantly?" I asked. 
"Yes. The fight you both had, the steps you took to be able to find out that Boss has more than 1 ability. It only worked out so perfectly because you were using your Dragon's Eye and your minds were connected." Mom answered me. 
"Ariya and Ivan, they're more connected than we are, right?" Keo asked. 
"That's right, Keothi. It will continue that way since they are mate bonded. But you and your sister are also very closely connected. So by default, you and Ivan are connected in a different way." 
I looked at Keo, unsure of where he was going with it. But as the wheels turned in his head I began to see what he was thinking. 
"You don't really think" I started but stopped. 
Keo grinned at me, "I do think. You told Drake that you both can share each other's abilities. What if you and Ivan can swap places too?" 
"There's still more. Think further." Mom encouraged us. 
I looked at Mom, putting what she was saying together, "Are you saying that Keo and I can swap places because we're twins, but because Ivan and I are mate bonded we can also swap? So by default, Keo and Ivan should be able to swap places as well?" 
A smile spread across our Mom's face, "Something like that. Each swap will be different. You'll have to get used to each other and figure out how to do it. But with enough practice I'm sure you will all be able to figure it out." 
"We can't keep trying the exact same thing each time. We'll need to adjust it to get it figured out. You and Ivan should be able to practice a little on your own. Get him used to swapping. It's probably going to be a lot weirder for him than it is for us." Keo said. 
"We will. I wonder if he and I swap if that means other things open up too?" 
"You'll find out, Ariya. Time is running out. I have to go. I love you both so very much, and know that I am proud of you both. I'm proud of you and Ivan too, Ariya. There is a long road ahead, but as long as you all work together, you can handle it." Mom told Keo and I. 
"I miss you, Mom." Keo said, hugging her tightly. 
"Wait! Mom, Boss said that you were still alive. Is that true? Where are you?" I asked. 
"I'm sorry Ari. I can't answer that. I'm basically a piece that was left behind in Ivan when I saved a part of his parents in him. The only reason I can come to you now is because you and Ivan are still connected." 
The tears formed in my eyes, "Am I going to see you again?" 
Mom pulled Keo and I in tightly, "Yes, Ari. You and your brother will see me again. I just don't have any more time this time. If I am still alive, you'll find me. I'm sure of it. Tell Caleb, Drake, and Ivan that I say hi and I love them as well. You all need to stay together and work together. You can do this. Always remember, that I love you both." 
"I love you." I told Mom, burying my head into her, squeezing her tightly. 
"I love you." Keo said, hugging her tightly as well. 
It had been so long since we'd seen her. I missed her so much. The pain I felt from losing her that night was unbearable. Drake had locked the memory but the pain of it still remained. 
"Don't let the pain consume you, Ariya. You are strong and beautiful. You can overcome any obstacle. Even if I'm not here. Remember, you're not alone. You are never alone now. Besides, you might have to do a little work but there's some help that is going to show up at some point down the road." Mom said, winking at me. 
"I'll remember." I told her.
My mind began to wonder who might be there to help us eventually but I was sure that we would find out or figure it out when the time came. For now we needed to do what we had planned, to focus on the step immediately in front of us. 
"Keo, things that didn't work very easily for you should start working easier now. Because you both turned now, things will work easier for you. I know your road hasn't been easy. But learn what you can. Don't let your past hold you back. Either of you. You have a strength in you, Keo. You can activate it. Just believe in yourself like I do." Mom told Keo. 
"I will." Keo said. 
"Don't forget, I love you both." 
###chapter 122
*Ivan*


I watched as Ariya slept on my lap. Her stress and anxiety was through the roof before she fell asleep. I wished that I could make it all go away but I understood her frustration. At first we wanted nothing but to get our memories back so we could make our escape. But after learning about Boss's ability to control the gravity it made it seem nearly impossible. How could you fight someone that controlled the gravity beneath you? You would have to be able to stabilize yourself and none of us had a way to do that. Time ran out and Boss had Ariya fight me because he was under stress of everyone that worked for him doubting his rule. Ariya and I had fought at max speed, thinking that maybe, just maybe, we could knock Boss out in a surprise attack that no one was expecting, we could escape. Then we found out he had another ability. Now we don't know if he's one of those people that has 2 abilities or if he can steal other people's abilities. Regardless, it made him that much more dangerous. 
I knew Ariya was frustrated. She wanted to leave this place and never look back. She was worried about my safety more than her own. I wanted nothing more than to get her out of here before Boss decided he wanted to torture her. He wanted her broken each time and I couldn't figure out why. He would give her a little bit of hope and then crush that hope. We had to get her out of here before she really got hurt. I needed to remember why Drake had me infiltrate and why I never left. I wasn't even sure if Drake knew. His memories had been blocked on certain things and none of us knew why. It was like we were all missing important pieces. It was frustrating not to see the whole picture.
To add to it, Ariya and Keo were desperately trying to figure out how to swap places instantly. They had gotten quicker at it but it still took about 5 minutes if they were passing information. Swapping could be useful. If Keo was better at something with their abilities than Ariya was, he could do it. They could both practice different things and if an instant swap was needed it would be like fighting a person that had mastered both aspects. We were still going to work on each area individually but learning hand to hand combat skills takes time. Getting into better shape takes time. Being faster takes time. Every aspect of enhancing a person's abilities and strengths took time to master. It was time that we might not have. 
Then there was the issue of the Enforcers. Boss was only the first obstacle we would have to overcome. The Enforcers were so much worse. They were under Boss's control which was starting to make sense now that we knew Boss had more than 1 ability. His ability was something that couldn't easily be overcome. Which is why the Enforcers would likely listen to him. The problem was that each Enforcer had their own set of skills that were on a level higher than Drake. 
Boss mentioning Ryker had bugged me because I couldn't remember anything about him. I knew he had trained me. I knew training was difficult but that was all I knew. I couldn't remember details. I wanted to ask Boss but it would be a risk. If I didn't remember and Boss had expected me to remember he would know that my memories had been tampered with. Which would lead us to a whole other slew of problems. But Boss might be the only one with an answer. I just wasn't sure if I should take the risk. What bugged me the most is that I knew not remembering much of anything about Ryker meant that someone had tampered with my memories. That bothered me even more. What else did they know about me? Who tampered with them? Were they able to see the lock that Drake had placed on me long ago? 
"You can play it off, Ivan." A familiar voice said to me, Ariya and Keo's Mom. 
"You locked a part of yourself when you locked my parents?" I asked, grinning. 
"Always the quick one." She grinned at me, "Yes I did. Ivan, I know you're lost in your thoughts and I want to help, but I really must help Ariya and Keothi." 
I smiled at her, "I understand. I'm glad I got to see you and I bet they'll be glad to see you too. What do you mean I can play it off?" 
"Ivan, Ryker trained you 14 years ago. Think hard on when you first infiltrated and some of the answers will come to you. Boss knows what he saw. He believes what was shown to him. If you don't remember Ryker as much he won't question it if the question is asked correctly. It happened 14 years ago, Ivan. Just try to remember. It will come to you." 
"I will. Will I see you again?" I asked. 
"I think so. There's plenty of moments that can come up that will give me an opportunity to reach out. You have to go back now. You and Ariya can't both be asleep. You'll need to leave soon anyway. It's getting late." 
I gave her a hug, "Thank you for everything you've done for me. I know I have a Mom but you've always been like a second Mom to me." 
She gave me a big hug in return, "You've been like another son to me. Thank you for keeping Ariya safe and always watching out for her. She loves you as much as you love her. Don't ever doubt that. You both are capable of so many things. You just have to believe something is possible and you'll find a way." 
As quickly as she showed up she disappeared. I felt her presence in Ariya's mind and I knew that they were having a conversation with Keo. I could see it as it happened. It was kinda of weird because I was still capable of thinking my own thoughts at the same time as understanding everything that was going on. I chose to listen closely to their conversation, knowing that Ariya would know I was there. I also knew that she would want to discuss things with me. It was easier for her if I had been fully paying attention. 
I couldn't help but wonder what Ariya and I would be able to do when we finally got a grasp on the mate bond and our shared abilities. When the conversation mentioned about us all being able to switch places, my eyes went wide with shock. I hadn't even thought about it. My parents had mentioned that we would be able to use each other's abilities. The ones that didn't change us physically. But when we had initially bonded, I was able to bite down on Ariya. I wasn't sure if that was from my wolf or from her. I hadn't thought about it. If we swapped places would we be able to use each other's full abilities? If Ariya was in control of my body, could she shift into my wolf? My body shivered in excitement at the thought. If it hadn't been for her and Keo being able to actually swap we might not be able to do that. But if we could both control each other's side that would open up new doors. 
There were so many things that needed to be worked on that I had to slow myself down. We couldn't do everything at once. But we could work on each thing a little bit each day. One thing might help the other. It was like looking at things through a different perspective. I knew I needed to talk to Drake, so I made a mental note of everything so I could talk to him tonight. 
Ariya began to stir awake in my lap. The tears formed in her eyes. I wiped them softly from her face and kissed her on her forehead. 
*Did you have a good talk with your Mom?* I asked her in our mind. 
She grinned at me, *Yes. I miss her though. I'm glad I have another memory of her.* 
*So we're going to be able to try to swap places, huh?* I grinned at her. 
*Something like that.* She smiled at me. 
 *Good cause you're going to need to eat even more when we start your hand to hand combat training. Oh and also when you start running like crazy.* I told her. 
*I don't know if eating food in your body is going to change me from being hungry in mine.* She giggled. 
*Guess we'll have to see.* I told her. 
*Wait, why am I going to be running in your body?* She asked. 
A huge smile spread across my face, *I mean you'll have to learn how to control my wolf if you can shift while you're in my body. That means learning how to run as fast as I do.* 
*Shut up. Do you really think we can do that?* She asked excitedly. 
###chapter 123
*Ivan*


I stayed with Ariya for a bit longer. I ran down what I was thinking about while she was talking to her Mom. I told her I had my own quick conversation with her as well. 
*That explains why Keo and I had some time to be able to talk to each other before she showed up.* Ariya giggled. 
*Well you know, I had to say hi too.* I laughed. 
*When do you think we should try swapping?* She asked me.
I could tell she was still mentally drained from all the work with Keo. 
*Maybe we can try once after I've run with Caleb. You're still exhausted, princess.* I told her. 
*You're right about that. I didn't realize it was going to be so draining and frustrating to get through all of this.* She told me. 
*You'll get the hang of it. I know it's a lot right now but think of your mind like a muscle. You're suddenly pushing it to its limit and it is going to take some time for it to catch up. I was thinking it would be better not to focus on only 1 thing. That will drain you guys too much. Besides, getting a different viewpoint of other things might help you figure out something you are stuck on.* I pointed out. 
*You're a genius.* Ariya told me. 
I smiled at her and kissed her on the lips. I loved being connected to her. I wished we were out so I could actually go to sleep with her in my arms and not worry about us getting caught for it. 
*That's the biggest reward for getting out of here.* Ariya said. 
I laughed, *Part of it. The other part is we'll be free from here.* 
*You know we're going to be on the run at first right?* Ariya thought. 
*True, but it will be pretty hard for anyone to get close to us with all 5 of us together. We'll have to continue training so we can fight the Enforcers.* 
*There's 8 of them, right? Do we know anything about them?* Ariya asked. 
*Not really. I know that they're immensely stronger than us. I'm surprised that Boss didn't have them come back when he found out that Drake was still alive and that you were a Navi.* 
*He probably doesn't want to have to deal with them getting crazy either. I have a feeling when Boss is ready, some of them will come back. It's also possible that they're on their own assignments.* 
*True. I wish I could find out more information on them but I don't think I could without making Boss question my loyalty to him.* 
*Yeah, let's not do that. Maybe I can figure something out on my end. Boss likes to ask me questions and he seems willing to give me some information as a reward.* 
*Yes, but Boss is careful about the information he gives you. Telling you that your Mom is still alive was to hurt you. To hold you here. He knows that as long as you know there's a chance your Mom is here, you won't leave.* I added. 
Ariya's face fell, *You're right, knowing that my Mom might be here makes me not want to leave, but something is telling me that if we're going to save her, we'll have to leave first. Taking on Boss outside of the facility is going to be a lot easier than taking on Boss in the facility. Same thing goes with the Enforcers. If we take them out one by one, we'll stand a better chance.* 
*True. Something's bugging me though. Boss mentioned Ryker and I don't remember anything about him. Your Mom said to try to think back to the beginning when I first got here. But I can't even remember why I was sent here. I need to ask Drake about that. But I can also ask Boss about it. I just have to ask it in the right way.* 
*Another mystery.* Ariya grumbled. 
I kissed her on her head. It was getting late and I needed to leave. I hadn't left the room since we'd gotten back. So I hadn't seen anyone after we had fought. A part of me was interested to see the reactions. If they were the same or if they changed. I had given it my all to fight Ariya. There was still a little bit more I might have been able to do but what I'd shown had been plenty. It was enough to scare Boss and everyone there. They were all stunned. Ariya had done well in showing that she had a lot more power than initially believed. 
*I need to leave here, princess.* I told her, reluctantly. 
*I know. It's getting late. Besides, you need to run still. You've gotta whip Caleb into shape.* She giggled. 
*It's not that he's slow, I'm just a lot faster. I know that had to do with my training when I first got here. I also know it had to do with something my parents had worked with me on. Even though they weren't there when I shifted for the first time, they had taught me some stuff before they died.* 
*You're just a beast overall.* Ariya smiled at me. 
I grinned, *You'll be with me? Or did you want to sleep?* 
*I'm definitely going to be with you. I can sleep after. Besides, you let me take a very much needed nap today.* Ariya said. 
I gave her a big hug and kiss before I left the room. My hair changed back but our connection was still there. 
*That's kinda crazy feeling your memories pull away a bit.* She noted. 
*It's weird for me as well. But I'm getting used to it.* I told her walking down the hall.
I checked Boss's office to make sure he was gone before leaving. If he had been there I would have checked in with him before leaving but he had already left for the night. As usual, I was the first one here and the last one to leave. 
*I honestly would have thought Boss would have been the first one in and last one out.* Ariya mentioned. 
*I would too, but I've always beaten him. I vaguely remember that I've been beating him since my training with Ryker. It must have been him that taught me to be here as early as I am. I just wish I knew why.* I grumbled. 
*We'll figure it out. Maybe Drake can search your mind for more blocked memories?* Ariya suggested. 
*Maybe. We'll ask him when I see them.* 
I came up to the front and Ariya went silent. The guards all stared at me in shock when they saw me but immediately turned their gaze to the floor. I had to try really hard not to laugh. 
"Out for the night?" The guard who usually addressed me asked shakily. 
"Yup." I answered. 
"Have a good night." He responded in his usual way but with an added amount of fear of me. 
As soon as I left the building and made it a block away I felt my hair change back and my memories return to me once again. Ariya began laughing hysterically in my head. 
*Wow, they are so terrified of you!* She laughed. 
*I couldn't imagine why. I'm super nice to everyone.* I laughed. 
Ariya laughed harder, *By everyone you mean me.* 
*Pretty much. I'm nicer to Keo, Caleb, and Drake though. They count too.* 
*They're not in the facility. You give everyone a 1 word answer unless absolutely necessary. Then they watched you break multiple bones in my body. They're terrified of you.* She laughed. 
*Good. They better be. They better keep that fear because when we get out, the only person we're going to have to fight is Boss.* 
*Do you think they'd hesitate to fight if Boss was out?* Ariya asked. 
*Possibly. I'm not totally sure. I'm sure there would be a few that would think about fighting me. But if they realize I'm fighting with you they're likely to back down.* 
*Too bad we can't just take off the bracelets and walk out the front door.* Ariya thought. 
*That would be too easy. I'm sure Boss has some tamper thing on it that would alert him if they were taken off or if they were being messed with. Same as the second you leave the room he gets an alert. Then if you leave the building apparently it's electrocution.* 
*Guess we gotta be ready for the hard way then.* She grumbled. 
I made my way to the forest. As soon as I got there a thought came into my head. 
*Ari, you can feel what I can right, can you smell what I smell?* I asked her. 
I could tell she was focusing hard on trying to catch any scent I was getting so I sniffed the air. There was a faint smell and I was hoping she would catch it. 
*There's a very faint smell. I know I can smell stronger scents. It's kind of like memories, it's faint but it's there.* She answered. 
###chapter 124
*Ivan*


*That's how it is for me right now. It's faint but I can smell the 3 of them heading over.* I told her. 
*How do you know it's them?* Ariya asked me. 
*Everyone's scent is unique. I'll show you when they get here. It should be something from me that you can borrow. I know most everyone's scent at the facility. It took some learning to be discreet about it, but catching the person's scent and then memorizing it took time. There are only a few scents that are important for you to memorize for now.* 
*Like Boss?* 
*Exactly. It's going to be good if your senses are still intact while you're alone in there. If you can smell him or anyone coming, it lets us know that we might need to pause while we wait to see what happens.* I explained. 
I sniffed the air again and they were getting closer. Their scents were getting stronger.
*Can you tell that there's 3 distinct scents?* I asked her. 
*Yeah, it's still not super clear but I can tell they're closer than they were before?* 
I grinned, *That's right. You'll probably catch on to this a lot faster than other things.* 
*That's because you're able to break it down for me. So how does it work when you're tracking?* 
*I memorize a scent I'm looking for. Sniffing the air is the biggest way to track. Most trackers don't have as good of a nose as I do. They also can't memorize different scents. It takes a lot to memorize them and commit them to memory. The stronger the scent is, the closer I am to them. It takes time to learn what direction the scent is coming from but it's possible.* I explained. 
I sniffed the air again. Once again, their scent was even closer. 
*They should be here in 321* I thought. 
Right on time, Keo, Caleb, and Drake all showed up. 
*That's so cool.* Ariya thought and I laughed.
I loved how excited she got over different things. It made me feel special. 
"Did we miss something?" Drake asked. 
"I was showing Ariya about how I'm able to pass as a Tracker. I did it when I got to the forest. We were able to smell you guys getting closer. That said, sorry if this is a little weird for you, but Ariya needs to work on memorizing your scents." I laughed. 
"You're going to sniff us, aren't you?" Caleb laughed. 
I walked over to Caleb and grinned, "Absolutely." 
"You should try teaching Caleb too, that way he can work on it." Keo laughed. 
I quickly ran through what I had mentioned to Ariya and Caleb nodded. 
"I always knew that everyone had their own scent but memorizing it is difficult. I've never tried." Caleb said. 
"Well this is the most obvious way to get a scent, but it's the easiest to start." I told him. 
I walked over to Caleb and took a deep breath in through my nose. It was obvious what I was doing. I could see Caleb move to the side a bit. It made me laugh. 
"Sorry, I know it's uncomfortable but it's the easiest way to catch the scent. You have to think of it as a unique marker for the person. I basically categorize it in my mind. If I'm searching for someone I get their scent and then I'm looking for them. I think of the scent I have and picture their face. It's pretty much how I've memorized the scents." I explained. 
"Isn't that a little too obvious?" Caleb asked. 
"It is, which is why I don't actually take someone's scent that way. I do it more discreetly. But to start, that's what you'll need to do. You practice with one scent. Over and over until you get it. You have to ignore every other scent that comes to you and focus on the one that you got. That's how you start tracking. Basically everything else is a distraction." 
Caleb nodded. I could tell Ariya was paying close attention as well. She was listening to what was being said and was making mental notes for herself. 
*How do you do it more discreetly?* She asked me. 
*Like this.* I told her. 
I focused my attention temporarily on Keo and sniffed in silently. I caught his scent quickly and then changed my focus back to everyone. 
*How do you know that's his scent?* Ariya asked. 
*Practice. When you focus on a location you're able to eventually tell what direction a scent is coming from. If I'm focused on a specific location and only grabbing the scents that are in that location I know that the strongest scent I get is the one closest to me in that specific direction.* I explained. 
I couldn't help the smirk that showed up and Drake was the one that caught it. 
"You just scented Keo, didn't you?" Drake laughed. 
My smirk spread into a smile, knowing I was caught. Ariya giggled in my head. Of course Drake would be the one to catch on. It was hard to catch him off guard.
"Sure did." I laughed. 
"Wait, you did what?" Keo said, shocked. 
"Ivan scented you. Probably because Ariya asked how to do it discreetly. No one would notice if they weren't paying attention." Drake laughed. 
"Drake's always paying attention to everything. That's why Boss has never gotten close to you, isn't it? You're always paying attention to what's going on." I pointed out. 
A smile spread across Drake's face, "That's part of it. The other part is that unless Boss himself were to come and get me, or his Enforcers, the ones that do come for me can't beat me." 
"Until Ivan." Caleb pointed out. 
"That's not totally true. I could track Drake, but unless he only fought me hand to hand, he would win. Energy Manipulation is not an easy thing to beat. It's something that takes a long time to master and Drake has had the time to master it." I pointed out. 
"Ivan's right. It does take a long time to master, but I still can learn more. I know how to do a lot but I'm sure there's even more that can be done with it." Drake added. 
"Besides, Boss has me on Ariya. He would never take me off and put me on trying to find Drake. He did at first when we were trying to get his scent, but that stopped the second Boss learned that Ariya was a Blood Born Navi." I added. 
"Isn't Boss paying attention as much as Drake does?" Keo asked. 
"Yes and no. Boss pays attention closely but only to what's going on around him. He isn't paying attention to where Ariya is because he has me on it. Someone he believes he can trust. As long as I don't cause doubt to that trust he'll leave Ariya to me." I explained. 
*How are you going to scent him then?* Ariya asked me. 
*I'm not. You are. Well, we both are. If you have his attention I can scent him because I'm usually behind him. But I want you to try to do it. We have plenty of chances to scent Boss. We just have to make sure to only use the discreet way. It's like trying to scent Drake. I'll show you an even more discreet way later.* I explained. 
"Drake, at some point tonight, I'm going to try to scent you. I want you to tell me when or if you think I do." I told him. 
*Huh?! Why would you tell him? Now he's going to be focused on catching you.* Ariya asked me, shocked. 
*Because if Drake is focused on it and I can get away with it, it means that Boss isn't going to notice.* I laughed. 
Drake raised an eyebrow at me, "Is that a challenge?" 
"Yes. Only because we're going to try to see if we can't get Boss' scent." I answered him. 
Drake nodded, "Challenge accepted." 
"There's more, I needed to ask you to check my memories after. Something's been bugging me. The person that trained me, his name was Ryker but I don't remember anything about him." I told Drake. 
"You think someone else might have messed with your memories?" Drake asked.
"Yes, but I also need to know, why did you send me to infiltrate? What was the purpose? I'm not mad, I'm just curious. There had to be a reason. Because whatever that reason was, there's a reason I stayed for 14 years without getting my memories back and leaving." I explained. 
Drake's eyes went wide, "You infiltrated that night to try to make sure that we would get inside information. You were looking to see if any Navi had been captured but also to see if they were continuing to search for us. They pretty much wiped everyone out. We're all that's left. But Ivan, if someone messed with your memories, there's a good chance that they know you're not who you say you are."
###chapter 125
*Ivan*


"The plan to hunt you guys never changed. Does that mean that they have someone from the Navi?" I asked. 
"It's possible. Either that or you never found the answer. If you never found the answer it would explain why you've been there for so long. Not finding the answer to the reason you infiltrated would mean that you wouldn't have gotten your memories back unless we triggered them back." Drake explained. 
"What if someone did mess with my memories? Why would they do that to hide the person that trained me? Why hide Ryker?" I asked. 
It wasn't adding up. Something was bugging me. Who would be able to mess with my memories? They wouldn't be able to do so without touching me because of the mate bond I had with Ari. It prevented my mind from being messed with. Drake had locked almost everything about me in my mind. The only thing was my mission. But I didn't remember my mission after 14 years. 
*Breath, Ivan. Remember what my Mom said. Focus on remembering the beginning from when you infiltrated and the pieces should fall into place.* Ariya told me. 
*You're right. It's just really bugging me. It's like there's so much more to it that I don't know. Something bad.* I told her. 
"I can search your memories now if you want. I can't promise I'll be able to break through the lock if there is one. But I should be able to see if there is." Drake offered. 
"Ivan's right though, it's not adding up. Unless" Keo trailed off. 
"Unless what? Say what's on your mind, Keo." Drake encouraged him. 
"We don't have any information on the Enforcers right? What if Ryker is an Enforcer?" Keo asked. 
I paled at the thought, "If Ryker is the one that trained me and he's an Enforcer now, that means that Ryker knows exactly how to beat me." 
"You're not in the same place as you were before though." Drake told me. 
"True, but I trained Ariya. I know exactly where her weaknesses are and where she needs to improve. If Ryker truly is an Enforcer, he'll have that knowledge. Knowledge he likely didn't share with me. No teacher usually does. Not unless they're trying to make the person stronger than them. People above you don't want you to get above them." I pointed out. 
"You're right. In the average society, no one wants you to become stronger or better than they are. But the 5 of us should be different. If we all keep working to be stronger than each other we'll continue pushing each other to work harder. We'll also continue to pull each other up. The only way we get through this is if we all work together." Drake told us. 
"You know, if you do end up remembering anything, you'll also know his weaknesses." Keo pointed out. 
"What do you mean?" I asked him. 
"Just because he was stronger than you or taught you, doesn't mean that you didn't notice any of his weaknesses. Also keep in mind, you're a lot different now than you would have been when he trained you. You were trained as a tracker. You were trained to fight with weapons or with your hands. Not as a wolf. That part is solely yours. Besides, you're also mated to my sister. Which means that you can also borrow our abilities as well. You're not down for the count. You have plenty of tricks that you can use. You just need to learn how to use all of them as effectively as your hand to hand combat." Keo added. 
I grinned at Keo, "Since when did you become so wise?" 
Keo grinned, "Always been this way. You were just always older than us. We had to let you try to shine." 
I laughed at Keo's response, "If you say so." 
Everyone took in a moment and laughed. We knew there was a lot of work to do but we also had each other's best interests at heart. We all wanted the same thing and we knew we needed to work together to do it. 
I looked over at Caleb, "Ready to run?" 
Caleb's body shivered, "Yes, please. I've been itching to run today. Besides, I need to get faster so I can keep up with you better." 
My wolf eyes flashed as my own body shivered. I could feel Ariya's excitement. She loved it last time when I ran in wolf form. 
*Drake and Keo should use their Dragon Eye ability. Each one can watch one of you and then we can see what might be different between you 2. Caleb's endurance is just going to be done by him running consistently and trying to make it further each time. But his speed could be the way he runs or pushes off of his feet.* Ariya pointed out. 
I nodded internally to her and then proceeded to pull my shirt off. I looked over to Drake and Keo and explained what Ariya had told me. Then I kicked off my shoes. Caleb had done the same, his body continued shivering. He was eager to run. I think between the last couple times we had run that he was excited again this time. Drake had decided he would watch me and Keo said that he would keep an eye on Caleb. Seems like they were going to try to run and keep up with us too. 
"We won't be able to follow you guys for long but we can follow for as long as we can." Drake told us. 
I nodded and my body shook. My wolf wanted to come out. It was like as soon as we had decided we were going to run that our wolves became impatient. My breathing picked up and my eyes fully changed. My body shivered and expanded. I lurched forward, shifting into my wolf. I looked over at Caleb who was watching me closely. I could tell he was intent on learning. 
*Don't take it easy on him. If you do, he might not learn. Caleb is smart, he'll figure out how to do it.* Ariya told me. 
I nodded at Caleb and took off running. Drake, Keo, and Caleb following behind me. They were trying to keep up but the more time passed the further behind they fell. It took about 30 minutes before we lost Drake and Keo. Caleb was still behind me, trying desperately to keep up. He was doing better each time. 
*Can you feel how it is when I push off the ground?* I asked Ariya. 
*Yeah, it's like when you land each time you propel yourself further. Like you're kicking the ground.* She told me. 
*Exactly. But I'm basically driving through the ground. That's what's giving me my power behind my run.* I told her. 
*I wonder if that's how it is with Caleb?*
*Can you see? I know you can touch his mind but can you focus on feeling how he's moving?* I asked her. 
*I can try. I'll be right back.* She told me. 
I felt Ariya sever the connection as I continued running. She must have helped Caleb because about 5 minutes after she left, Caleb was catching up to me. I felt the excitement surge through me as I realized Caleb was getting faster, I turned us to head back towards Drake and Keo so that they might be able to keep up for a little longer to see if anything else had changed. I lowered myself towards the ground as I continued running, gaining speed as I went. I was starting to lose Caleb again as I felt Ariya come back. 
*It worked but he's running out of steam. Now you're going even faster. It feels like you're even lower to the ground that you were before. Like your center of gravity shifted.* She pointed out. 
I started to slow a bit, letting Caleb catch up.
*I had to do something to try to keep ahead. He might actually be faster than me if he works on his endurance.* I laughed. 
Caleb caught up and we slowed to a stop. I wondered if I could reach Caleb's mind as I stood in front of him. 
*You can. But only if you want to. You don't have to Ivan.* Ariya told me. 
*We'll need to be able to communicate eventually. It's not like they'll be in my mind constantly. How do I reach out to him?* I asked her. 
*Just try to think of pushing a thought to who you want. He'll have to accept the connection but once he does it will be a familiar push, like the way you scent people.* Ariya explained. 
*Stay with me, princess?* I asked her. 
*Of course. I'm not going anywhere.* She said and I could feel her grinning. 
I looked at Caleb and thought about reaching him. I thought the easiest way would be to just call his name so I did. 
*Caleb.* I pushed. 
Caleb straightened up and snorted out of his nose. 
*Ivan?* He asked. 
*Yup, Ari's here with me too.* I told him. 
*It's kinda weird hearing you in my head now. It's been so long and you've always been silent.* Caleb laughed. 
*It's weird for Ivan too.* Ariya laughed. 
*Can we pull the others so we're all connected?* I asked her. 
*Yes, you might want to let me do that though. If you pull them and they're not in front of us it might alarm them. They have to get used to your mind connecting them.* Ariya giggled.
###chapter 126
*Ivan*


Ariya was able to have Drake and Keo join the conversation. 
*Is everything ok?* Drake asked, worried. 
*Yeah, sorry. You guys are still a little ways away from us. I just wanted to see if you guys noticed anything and figured it was easier if we all talked about it at the same time instead of repeating.* I explained. 
Caleb laughed, *You're freaking fast. Ariya gave me a tip and said it was like you were driving through the ground when you were running and that helped me out but it takes a lot more energy to do that. I was gassed after 5 minutes of trying to catch up.* 
*True but you're even faster than I am when you do that. However you're doing it is more effective than the way that I do it. I didn't change my speed until you started catching up.* I told him. 
*There's more to it. Keo and I talked about it and shared our memories with each other already. Ivan, your center of gravity is lower than Caleb's. Even though you're a lot bigger than he is.* Drake explained. 
*What does that mean?* Ariya asked. 
*It means that Ivan's running lower to the ground. So he's able to go faster because there's not as much distance that he has to cover to continue pushing off the ground.* Drake explained. 
*That's how Ivan started running after Caleb began to catch up!* Ariya exclaimed. 
*Yeah, it speeds me up even more but it's hard to keep that going. I only realized I could do it the night of the attack.* I explained. 
I thought back to the night of the attack and how I dove under Ariya to pick her and Keo up and get away from Boss. 
*That's what you were trying?* Caleb asked. 
*Yeah. It was something that I did instinctually that night but it was more to get out of there. I didn't realize it made me so much faster. I just figured I would try something different when you were catching up.* I told him. 
*It's probably not sustainable for a long time though. Would it be better to continue just working on endurance and gaining speed by continuing the way you're going?* Keo asked. 
*We could put weight on them. That would slow them down. As they get back to the pace they were at, taking the weight off should make them feel lighter and able to go faster.* Ariya suggested. 
*The weight would be better if it was on our feet. On our back it's like we're carrying someone. Which we should also do. But if we're trying to increase our speed then it needs to be on our feet.* I added. 
*I'm sure there's something we can find and use to make some weights. It would help with speed. Is speed going to be an issue though?* Drake asked. 
*It will for Ariya and I. We're going to have to be fast enough to either catch Boss off guard before he can use his ability, or be fast enough that his ability can't catch us. Besides, Boss has a gravity ability that makes it harder to move and can pin you to the ground.* I mentioned. 
*I think there's a limit to it. Remember when you had me lose control. Boss was trying to hold me in place and said that he could only do it for so long, remember?* Ariya added. 
*Do you remember the amount of pressure he was putting on you? If we can recreate that pressure and you can still get up and move, that would make a big difference in fighting part of his ability.* Drake asked. 
*If I felt it again I would be able to tell you. It was enough pressure that I think he cracked my ribs.* Ariya said. 
I growled, *That's a lot of pressure.* 
*Yes, but that's probably about the max he can put and he probably can't keep it for very long. Remember you got back into the room and he released the pressure. But he also had me in the air at one point so I'm a little confused on what happened when. I was kinda out of it.* Ariya said. 
*If the pressure is enough to break bones we'll need to change tactics. I think you're right on being able to fight through the pressure but I think you need to be able to move fast enough to get away from the pressure he's putting on you as well.* Drake said. 
*So 2 different parts to work on. Just 1 of them we don't know where to even begin.* Ariya grumbled. 
*It's ok, we'll figure it out. Caleb, have you recovered enough to be able to run back to them?* I asked him. 
*Yeah I think so. You're talking about the fast run, right?* Caleb asked. 
*That's right. We're going to have a race. But with everyone staying connected. I don't know if we can feel how the other is running but if we can maybe it will help us out?* I suggested. 
*You're on!* Caleb said, excited. 
Caleb and I turned to face the direction that Drake and Keo were in. We lined up evenly and leaned low to the ground. 
*ReadySetGO!* Ariya called off for us. 
I lunged forward, pushing off as hard as I could with my back legs as I raced back. Caleb and I were neck in neck as we ran. I tried to keep my body as low as when I started as we ran and slowly I started to push past Caleb. I pushed as hard as I could with my paws as I ran down the road. Each step propelled me forward as I went. We continued our race with Caleb slightly behind me. He wasn't as far behind me as he usually ended up but I was very clearly faster than him. It wasn't by a lot though. Caleb's speed had increased drastically. The only thing we needed to work on was his endurance. That would come with time. 
*You ok back there?* I asked Caleb. 
*I'm hanging on. I feel like I'm faster. I'm trying to copy what you're doing.* Caleb told me. 
I could hear his labored breathing, even in his mind. He was running out of steam. We hadn't been running for long but we were almost back to Drake and Keo. 
*We're almost there. Give it every last little bit you have.* I encouraged him as I surged forward even faster. 
Keo and Drake were just up ahead. I could tell they were focused on seeing the way we ran. Seeing if there was anything that we could do differently to increase our speed. We slowed to a stop and Caleb laid down, panting heavily. 
"You ok, Caleb?" Keo asked. 
*I'llbefine. Ivan'stryingtokillme.* Caleb panted. 
My own breathing was faster than normal but not as bad as Caleb's. He was trying to catch his breath. 
*Sorry Caleb. Maybe I pushed a little too hard.* I apologized to him. 
*You're good. I need to get faster. I also need more endurance.* Caleb said, getting his strength back. 
If that was one thing about all of us, we regained our strength relatively quickly. It wasn't always that way but it was faster when we were well rested and fed. Ariya, Drake, and Keo were even quicker at recovering. 
I shifted back to my human form. Caleb did the same thing. The others severed the connection we had in our mind and I looked at them curiously. 
"You're able to tell us what Ariya is saying. It's not fair to you to be stuck with all of us in your head. You're still getting used to it." Drake told me. 
I smiled to myself, "Thank you." 
*They know this is an adjustment to you. They're trying to respect that. We'll need to talk at times, but it doesn't mean that they always have to be in your mind.* Ariya told me. 
*You're the only one I want in my mind all the time.* I told her. 
*I'll be here, always.* Ariya told me. 
"Shall we check to see if your memories have been tampered with? Or do you need a minute?" Drake asked me. 
"Does Ariya need to leave for you to check?" I asked him. 
"It's probably easier. Otherwise I might end up looking in her mind too." Drake told me. 
*It's not going to be for long, Ivan. I'll be right back as soon as he's done. I can go hang out with Keo for a minute.* Ariya told me. 
I sighed, "Ok. Ari's going to hang out with Keo for a minute." 
Drake nodded and walked over to me putting his hand on my head. I closed my eyes, my breathing picking up. I don't know why but I was nervous. I wasn't worried about Drake but I was worried about what we would find. Drake looked at Keo who nodded, letting him know that Ari was with him. I gasped as a sharp pain moved through my body.
###chapter 127
*Ivan*


Drake infiltrated my mind. I screamed out trying not to let him but he had hold of me. 
"I'm sorry, Ivan. But if you're going to be the one that infiltrates, you can't remember anything that would give you away. Which means you can't remember Ariya." Drake told me. 
I growled as Drake started locking my memories away. He was taking her from me. I'd practically lost her a couple times already tonight but now he was taking her away from me. 
"Please! Stop! Don't do this! Don't take her away from me!" I begged him. 
"I'm sorry, Ivan. Find out if anyone is there. If they have any Navi. Then see if they have a plan, or if they think that we're completely wiped out. Figure out their plan and then you'll be able to remember Ariya. After that go get Ariya and Caleb." Drake told me. 
He sealed the last of my memories, pulling his hand away from my head. I fell to the ground. I didn't know what was going on anymore. Who was I? What happened? Someone was nearby but they left. 
I'm still here. I'm still alive. Is anyone there? 
I pulled myself off the ground, stumbled and fell. The smell of things burning hit my nose. 
I have to get out of here. 
I hauled myself off the ground and headed away from the burning smell. I was limping, injured from fighting most likely. As I came around the corner I saw someone up ahead being attacked. I ran towards them as fast as my injured body would carry me. I saw a short knife on the ground and grabbed it, launching it at the person that was attacking the other one. The knife buried itself into the attacker's shoulder. The attacker hollered in pain and turned toward me. I felt an anger burn inside of me as I faced the attacker. 
My adrenaline spiked and it was like I no longer felt the pain I had. I ran towards the attacker picking up a sword from the ground on my way there. The attacker had done the same and our blades collided. Sparks flew and the sound of metal clanging flew through the air. The attacker nicked my forehead slightly and the blood flowed down my face. The attacker growled, baring his fangs at me. I took the small window and hit his sword so it flew out his hand skittering across the ground. Continuing the motion of the movement I spun and plunged the sword deep into his chest. The attacker caught the blade, blood spewing from his mouth. He coughed and growled at me. 
The person I'd protected was behind me and gasped in shock as the battle came to a close. I felt the anger leak off of me toward the attacker. I didn't know who they even were but I hated them for some reason. I stared at this person in the eyes, my hate for them evident. The attacker however, was not about to go down so easily. He growled ferociously at me and grabbed my head with his other hand. Waves of pain went through me as I cried out. My grip on the sword loosened and the attacker disappeared. 
I fell to the ground on the edge of losing consciousness. The world was fading out.
"We have to get out of here! Come on!" The man I'd protected shouted, grabbing my arm. 
He hauled me to my feet as I tried desperately to hold on to my consciousness. Luckily my adrenaline was still surging through me. Our trek was miles long and I was barely able to keep upright. When we arrived at our destination I collapsed on the ground. The darkness, taking hold of me. 
I must have still been somewhat awake because I was aware of what was going on around me but I couldn't move. My body had reached its limit. 
"What the hell happened?" A voice said. 
"He fought Drake and I'd say they tied." The man I'd protected answered. 
"Who is he though?" The voice asked. 
"One of the rookies I'm guessing. We brought all of them with us, including their trainers. They're all dead. I'm pretty sure we're the only 2 left alive." 
"Why didn't you have us go with you? Or bring the Enforcers? Not everyone had to die." The voice growled. 
"I needed you elsewhere. Remember who you're talking to, Ryker." The man I'd protected growled. 
"I don't mean any disrespect, Boss. But everyone is dead. Only you and this rookie are left. Was the cost worth it?" Ryker asked. 
"I'd say so. Just about every single Navi is dead. Based on the wound that this guy gave Drake, I'm sure Drake's knocking on death's door. With no one to help him. That just leaves a child. I'm not sure if it's a girl or boy. They both looked identical and I killed one of them. There should only be 2 left if Drake manages to live. We'll hunt them down and kill them soon enough." Boss told him. 
"What do you want done with the rookie?" Ryker asked. 
"That depends. Drake got hold of him at the end. I doubt if he remembers anything at all. He might not even remember how to fight." Boss scoffed. 
"You think Drake would have sealed his entire past? Why bother saving him then?" Ryker asked. 
"It's possible he did. If Drake did seal his past, we'll never be able to break through the barriers. He'll basically be a shell. I only saved him because he saved my life. If he even remembers a bit of how to fight, he'll be worth the trouble. I've never seen anyone that is capable of fighting Drake using just a sword. But he did. Even though he's a rookie, it's worth teaching him." Boss answered him. 
"Interesting. Let me take him. I'll train him and see if we can get anything from his mind." Ryker offered. 
"It's a bit below you but whatever. Do as you wish, Ryker. It's not like we have anyone capable of training him anymore. We'll have to do a lot of restructuring anyway. I'll have a lot of work to do. Make sure you report his progress daily." Boss told him. 
"Yes, sir." 
"Oh and Ryker, try not to kill the poor kid. Remember, he did manage to fight off Drake and make it out alive." Boss cooed. 
"No promises. Breaking people is my specialty after all." Ryker laughed. 
I heard footsteps leave the room. I knew someone was still here but I was still laying there. Eyes closed. Unable to move. 
"You're lucky, kid. Boss doesn't usually stick his neck out for people. You impressed him. Hopefully you remember enough to stay alive." Ryker said before leaving the room. 
"Sir, we were called over here?" A soft voice said. 
"Only one that managed to live. Though it doesn't look like he's doing so well. Do what you can to heal him. When he wakes, find me. If he dies, let me know." Ryker instructed them. 
"Yes, sir." The soft voice said. 
I heard the person get closer to me. I felt their hands hover over my body and a gasp of shock as they assessed the damage. They got to work healing me and the darkness finally took hold of my consciousness. 
I awoke with a start, unsure of where I was or what was going on. My body ached all over. 
"Easy now, kid. Do you know where you are?" 
I looked at the person who spoke to me, the voice was familiar. I had heard it when I first got here. As my mind began putting the pieces together it hit me. This voice belonged to Ryker. He looked to be in his early thirties. Kind of taller, maybe around 6 feet. But he was stocky which made him appear a bit shorter. His hair was black and buzzed on the sides but spiky on the top.  I looked around, I didn't recognize where I was. I shook my head no at Ryker. 
Ryker raised an eyebrow at me, "Can you speak?" 
I opened my mouth, "Yes." 
My throat burned from the effort and I coughed. Ryker handed me some water which I drank down quickly. 
"Do you know your name?" Ryker asked me. 
I thought hard. Who am I? My eyes widened as I couldn't remember something as simple as my name. My breathing picked up as the panic started to set in. 
"Easy, kid. You've been through a lot. We figured you wouldn't remember much of anything. Do you remember the last thing that happened before you got here?" 
I tried thinking back but nothing was coming to me except small pieces. 
"I remember a burning smell. I know I fought someone. I know I saved someone. I don't remember anything else." I answered, shakily. 
"More than I thought you would. Drake must not have had time to do too much damage to you. Unfortunately for you, you're stuck with me now. I'll be your trainer moving forward. If you make it through training, you'll likely be extremely hard to kill here. Otherwise, you'll be dead." Ryker smirked at me. 
"It wouldn't matter if I was dead or not. It's not like I remember anything anyway." I scoffed at him. 
"Well then let's just cut to the chase, shall we?" Ryker said and then quickly grabbed my head with both of his hands.
###chapter 128
*Ivan*


I screamed out as Drake let me go. My eyes blurred and I felt the anger take hold of me. I felt my eyes change as I lashed out, punching Drake square in the nose. My body shook violently as I growled angrily. 
"Ivan! Stop!" 
I froze at the voice. My heart pulled toward it but all I could think about is what Drake had done. He'd taken something from me. Someone. Someone so important to me. I couldn't remember who it was. My mind was foggy and I couldn't think clearly. I just felt anger. The rage burned inside me. 
I fell to the ground on my knees, grabbing my head in my hands. I screamed out in pain as I tried to put my thoughts together. My body continued shaking but I didn't know why. I felt a pull in my head. The pull felt so familiar and the pain didn't exist with the pull. I let it take me and the world around me blurred. 
Arms wrapped around me tightly and the familiar scent hit my nose. 
"Ivan, come back to me!" The voice begged me. 
My vision began to clear and I was in a blank room. Hadn't I just been in the forest? Where am I? What is going on? 
"Ivan, it's me, Ari. I'm here. Come back to me." Ari said softly. 
Why was that name so familiar? The voice. The scent. I felt a pull to it. Like I needed to wrap myself in it. My breathing began to slow back down to a normal pace. My vision had cleared completely and a shorter, spiky hair sat in front of me, holding my face gently in her hands. She had a scar on her left eye. I reached out and touched it. Who would do that to her? I felt the urge to protect her. To keep any danger away from her. I looked into her gray-blue eyes. They were beautiful. She was beautiful. I could tell she was a fighter. That she was strong. Her eyes were full of love for me. Why? Did she know me? Who am I? 
"Your name is Ivan. And yes, I love you very much. You are my mate. I am yours." She whispered. 
"How did you know what I was thinking?" I asked her. 
"Because, we are connected. You can do the same thing with me. Please come back to me." She said, sadly. 
"Anyone would be a fool to leave you." I told her.
I pulled her to me. I wasn't exactly sure what I was doing. I didn't really know her. But she said I did. I just wanted to comfort her. I didn't want her to be sad. I hugged her tightly and breathed in her scent. It was so familiar and it pulled me to her. I wanted to stay like this forever. 
She pulled away and looked up at me, the worry evident in her eyes. She pulled my face down to hers, our lips meeting each other. A spark moved through me and all my memories came flooding back. Losing my parents. Meeting Ariya for the first time. The fire. Then losing Ariya. Everything came flooding back in. I gasped as I pulled away from her. My head was pounding but the pain was fading away. 
"Ivan." She said my name softly. 
"I'm here, princess. I'm sorry. I don't know what happened." I told her. 
Ari grabbed hold of me tightly and began sobbing. I wrapped my arms around her and nuzzled into her. I knew we were in our mind and I had just punched Drake. I wasn't sure about what happened right before that. 
"It was weird. Drake went to see if anyone had tampered with your mind and then you both were stuck together screaming in pain. We didn't know what to do. So Keo put up a barrier for a moment to try to avoid anyone hearing. Then when Drake finally released you, you attacked him. I could feel the anger coming off of you. I swapped with Keo and shouted but you only froze. So we swapped back and I pulled you to our mind. I'm not sure what's going on out there, but Keo knows I pulled you." Ariya explained. 
I grinned at her, "Ari, did all of that happen instantly?" 
"Yes." She grinned back at me, "That's not the point though, Ivan. What happened?" 
I tried thinking back to what happened when Drake made contact with me and tried to search my mind. The memories flashed through my head but this time I didn't forget everything that had happened prior. I didn't have the same anger that came through. 
"Whoa. I didn't know all of that happened. I wonder why your memories disappeared for a bit?" 
"I'm not sure. I think it was an effect of trying to uncover that memory. Now we know what Ryker looks like." I told her. 
"True. Too bad we didn't get a bit more. We would have figured out his ability. From the look of it though, it would make sense if Ryker was an Enforcer. Should we still have you mention it to Boss?" Ari asked. 
"I don't know. If it seems appropriate I guess, but otherwise I think we leave it alone for now. We don't need to worry about making Boss suspicious." I told her. 
I could feel Ariya's concern for me. I could tell she was still a little worried that I wasn't completely ok yet. 
"It's ok, princess. I'll be fine. I'm here. You brought me back. I refuse to lose you again though." I growled. 
"That's not going to happen. I won't let it. I can't lose you like that." Ariya said, the tears starting to form in her eyes. 
I pulled her to me and hugged her tightly. Breathing in her scent. I loved her more than anything in this world. I would burn the entire world down if I had to. Especially if it meant saving her. She was the most important person to me. She was all that mattered. I still cared for Keo, Caleb, and Drake. But Ariya was my top priority. She always would be. My anger for Drake had dissipated. I knew why he did what he did. I didn't like it but I understood it. It was the only reason I didn't hate him. I had Ariya back. That was what mattered. 
"We need to head back, Ari." I told her. 
"I know. I just didn't want to let you go." She told me. 
"You're not letting me go. I'm still here. We'll stay connected for the rest of the night. Maybe we can sleep this way. It's not perfect, but maybe we can be in each other's mind and I can hold you through the night." I suggested. 
I felt her brighten up a bit at the thought. I wasn't sure if it would work but it was worth a shot. Anything to get even a bit closer to her. I wanted to get her out of the facility so bad. I knew there was a lot of work to do though. It made me impatient. I wished that everything wouldn't take so long but I knew there was nothing we could do about speeding things up. All we could do was take a step forward and continue moving. 
I felt myself take back over in my body and blinked as the world came back into focus. Keo still had the dome up and was looking at me concerned. 
"Ivan?" Caleb asked. 
"It's me." I looked over at Drake, "I'm sorry." 
"Don't be. I didn't realize what I'd done to you. I'm the one that's sorry. I promise you, Ivan. I'll never take Ariya away from you again. I'll never let anyone take her from you." Drake swore to me. 
I nodded at him, "You saw the entire memory?" 
"Yes. We have a really big problem. Ryker. He is a person that can break other people's minds." Drake told us. 
"What does that mean?" Keo asked. 
"It means that the memories you get, he can completely shatter them. Basically leave you a shell. I can block memories and hide them. Ryker can destroy the memories. He breaks people's minds. That's probably why Ivan didn't remember him. He's probably done something to prevent Ivan from remembering him completely." Drake explained. 
"But if he can destroy the memories, how were we able to get that back? Why would he train me? Does that mean he knows who I really am? Why wouldn't he turn me into Boss if that's the case?" I asked. 
"I'm not sure. I don't think he destroyed your memories completely. Unfortunately, getting those memories back is going to be nearly impossible. They'll have to come back on their own. I think the one we got back was only because it was ready to come back. I'm not sure the extent of his ability. I just know that he can destroy the memories. So there's no way of telling if he sees your memory before he destroys it." 
*It wouldn't make sense if he couldn't see the memory. How would he know what he was destroying?* Ariya asked. 
I told the others what she said and Drake responded, "Ariya's not wrong. The only reason why that memory was probably able to be brought back is because it was probably still within my barrier. If that's the case, he probably can't destroy or see the memories that we block. But that's not guaranteed."
"The only thing I can think of is that he can't break what he can't see. That's probably why it was only partially broken. As for training you, he probably didn't have a reason not to. If you didn't remember anything because Drake had blocked everything he probably didn't see it. Breaking your memory of him was probably strategic. It might have been because he became an Enforcer. It might be because he just doesn't like people knowing anything about him." Keo thought out loud. 
*Keo's right. There's a limit to each ability. That's probably his. Which means fighting him is going to require us to be able to protect our minds.* Ariya thought and I had images flash through my head for the training she had in mind. 
I told the others and Drake flinched, "That's going to hurt all of us for sure. But it's definitely worth it. Keo and Ariya need to learn how to block memories as well. If we can fight off a mental attack, it's likely that we can get past fighting him. But there's 7 other Enforcers we have to worry about. We don't even know if he is an Enforcer or what number he is." 
"What do you mean number?" Caleb asked. 
"The Enforcers are numbered based on how strong they are. The weakest is 1 and the strongest is 8. Think of it as levels you have to pass to be able to move on. A couple of them actually work together though. At least that's what I heard once. I'm not sure how accurate that is." I explained. 
"Looks like we have our work cut out for us." Keo said. 
"True. We're done for tonight though. Everyone needs a break. We'll start back tomorrow." Drake said. 
###chapter 129
*Ivan*


We had decided on meeting tomorrow evening so we could practice some more things. We ran through the idea of working on a couple things at once with each person so we didn't overstress one aspect. Ariya wanted to start working out in the room but I was slightly worried about Boss noticing. 
*If it's subtle he might not notice.* Ariya told me. 
*Yeah but it probably won't be subtle, Ari. He doesn't see you everyday. He only comes in here and there. If he comes in and suddenly you're a lot different size wise, he's going to know that something's up. I would have to tell him you were working out.* I told her. 
*Yeah but if I start working out, he'll want you to work out more too. Which means you can work on different things at the same time and no one would question it.* Ari pointed out. 
*True. I could do that regardless. No one would question it. I don't even think Boss would. He would think that I was just trying to stay in shape.* 
*Possibly, but it's better to make sure that they aren't really suspicious of anything. If Boss thinks it's his idea, he's less likely to be suspicious.* 
*You're right about that. I just don't want someone trying to get me to teach them how to do anything because then we're adding more people to fight.* I explained. 
*I think everyone is too scared of you to ask you to teach them.* Ariya giggled. 
*Do you know if Link and Mya are still with you?* I asked her. 
*I'm not sure. It's been a while. They were initially but I don't know that we can completely trust that they're still on our side. I don't want to hurt them, but I also don't know if we can trust them at this point. There's been so much that's happened.* Ari told me. 
*Better to be safe than sorry, I guess. When the time comes, we'll make that decision. It's probably better that they don't come with us no matter what. But ultimately we can always meet up with them. I can smell if others are around. You'll be able to soon and so will Caleb. I'm not sure if Caleb is going to be able to do everything I can but I'll try to teach him everything that I can.* 
*What makes you think that?* Ariya asked. 
*If I'm not mistaken, only 1 of Caleb's parents were an Original Navi Wolf. That's why his wolf is so much smaller than mine. He's still larger than a regular Navi Wolf, but he's not as big as mine. I think that's because both of my parents were Original Navi Wolves. I'm not sure though. Everyone's abilities vary from person to person. I will do everything I can to teach him, I'm just not completely sure how I do everything.* I explained. 
*Well, good news is that you have 3 Blood Borns to try to help out and when we see your parents again we can ask.* Ariya grinned. 
I grinned back at her. We weren't face to face but we were starting to be able to feel each other's reactions. I was still working on keeping my facial expressions to a minimum when it came to Ariya and I talking. For the most part she would remain absolutely silent when I had to talk to someone which helped. I think we were both worried about anyone finding out that we could talk. I made my way back to my place and got ready to call it a night. Ariya and I stayed connected the entire time. I felt at ease when I knew she was there. I laid down in bed and felt her pull at my mind. I let my mind go to her. We were back in the room in our mind. 
"You know, there's no bed here." I grinned at her, scooping her up in my arms. 
"Yeah, I'm not sure how to make anything in here if I'm being honest. I can try but it's probably not going to be comfortable." She giggled. 
"All I need is you. We can lay on the floor." I laughed. 
"Do you think we can actually sleep like this?" Ariya asked. 
"I'm not exactly sure. We can try, I just worry that I won't wake up like I'm supposed to." I answered. 
"We could ask Drake to check on us at the time you need to be up just in case." Ariya suggested. 
"He's gonna hate us for waking him up super early." I laughed. 
"I think he'll be willing to. He feels really bad for what he did 14 years ago." Ariya mentioned. 
"I know. I don't hate him for it. At the moment I did, which is probably why he keeps getting attacked by me. I know that's not helping him. But now, I understand. It's been so long, I'm just happy I have you now." I told her. 
"We should talk to him." Ariya said. 
I nodded and Ariya pulled at Drake's mind. Within a matter of seconds he was standing in front of us. 
"Is everything ok?" He asked. 
"We just wanted to talk to you. But also ask for a favor." I told him. 
Drake smirked, "What's up?" 
"We wanted to try to sleep here. But Ivan is crazy and wakes up at a ridiculous hour of 4am. We weren't sure if it was possible to sleep here but we also didn't want him to not wake up in time." Ariya explained. 
"Why would you get up at 4am?" Drake laughed. 
"I gotta get ready for work, make food for Ariya, and get there before Boss shows up. Oh and I have to get my own paperwork done every morning since I spend the entire day in the room with Ariya." I shrugged. 
"I can make sure you guys are up." Drake laughed. 
"That's not everything, Drake." I told him. 
Drake nodded, his expression growing serious. He waited for me to continue. 
"I don't hate you for taking Ariya away from me. Not now. I did about 14 years ago. But I don't now." I told him. 
Drake sighed, "You may not hate me Ivan, but I hate myself for it. I shouldn't have done that to you. I'm not even completely sure why I did it. I was trying to keep you all safe but I think I did more harm than good." 
"If you hadn't I don't know that I would have successfully infiltrated. My memories of Ariya are tied to my wolf. I don't know how I don't have access to my wolf when others outside of us are around, but how I feel about her. It would have given me away. Ryker would have seen it. He would have figured out I was an Original Navi Wolf if I still remembered Ariya. Then I'd likely be dead right now." I told him. 
"That still doesn't excuse my actions. I'm thankful that you were safe, but it might have been better if we all just stuck together. Instead of infiltrating. All that's gotten us is Ariya captured as a hostage, you having to constantly look over your shoulder, and a target on all 5 of us. They might've thought we were dead if I'd just kept us all together. They might not have come looking for us or even found us." Drake explained. 
It was like I could see the weight that lay on his shoulders. He blamed himself for everything that was going on. For everything that's happening now. He took my hits as part of his punishment. But deep down he felt he deserved much worse. Drake had been around for probably over 1,000 years but he looked like he was only in his early to mid 30's. Drake had lifetimes of experience that none of us did. He'd survived way longer and had probably been around before all the technology of the world created the dystopian world we lived in now. Sure everyone had abilities, but it had led to even more isolation and segregation. We were all that was left of the Navi. The 5 of us. 2 Original Navi Wolves and 3 Blood Borns. The last of our kind. 
"You don't need an excuse for your actions. You made a decision based on the information you had at the time. If we didn't do what we had, we might not have the information that we have now. We would be angry for the death of all our people. Fighting against an enemy blindly. We probably wouldn't have stood a chance. But right now we do. We can't change the past. Our decisions got us to where we are now. The only thing we can do is focus on where we want to go and make the decisions that are going to lead us there. This isn't all on you anymore, Drake. We all make decisions together. Don't try taking the entire burden on your own." I told him. 
"I can't make any promises." Drake smirked. 
"Drake, Ivan's right. Yeah, Caleb and I felt abandoned. But getting our memories back. Remembering and re-living the horrors of that night. I understand just like Ivan does. I might not agree with every decision that was made but we understand it. We don't hate you for the choices you made. Though Ivan keeps attacking you." Ariya said, looking at me. 
I grinned sheepishly, "I'm sorry. I can't help it. I actually feel like I'm back to the night it happened. I don't know why. But remember, my entire drive is to protect you. To keep you safe. That whole night I kept losing you and you were in danger. I watched you practically die in front of me and there was nothing I could do. I couldn't even talk to anyone." 
Ariya and Drake looked at me sadly. They could see the memories as they flashed through my mind. How much fear I had. How I thought I was losing Ariya. I was so scared that night and my emotions just ruled over me. I wasn't thinking clearly. My singular thought was of trying to protect Ariya and I had failed not once or twice that night but three times. Twice she had been taken by the enemy and she had practically died in front of me. 
"I swear, I won't let anything or anyone take her away from you again, Ivan." Drake swore to me.
###chapter 130
*Ivan*


Drake took his leave. He seemed like he had forgiven himself at least a little bit. But I could tell how dead serious he was about not letting anything or anyone take Ariya away from me. The mate bond between us was powerful. I wanted to make sure that Ariya and I were so powerful that no one could even touch either of us. But that meant so much training. I wasn't sure how much time we would have but every second counted. I needed to make sure that I was able to protect her. 
"Breathe, Ivan. I know you want to protect me. But for now, we need to sleep." Ariya whispered. 
I looked down at her. She was laying in my arms. We were in our mind and I wanted the peacefulness of this moment to last forever. I cleared my thoughts and rolled to my side so I could hold her. Ariya's head was nestled into my chest. I rested my head just above hers so I could breathe in her scent the entire night. Within seconds I was drifting off to sleep. It had been a long day and there was still so much work that needed to be done. 
An alarm sounded in our mind and Ariya groaned as she stirred in my arms. I kissed her on the top of her head as I moved to get up. 
"I have to start getting ready, princess." I told her. 
"It's sooo early." She grumbled. 
"I know, but it means I get to see you soon." I laughed. 
Ariya brightened up immediately, "I can actually hug you!" 
"I know, it's not the same in our mind. At least we can still have some parts of it. We should let Drake know that the alarm rings throughout our mind." I laughed. 
Ariya pushed the thought to Drake to let him know that we were up. Drake seemed exhausted as well. He didn't show up this time, just connected to our mind like an intercom. He was thankful that we let him know and then severed the connection and went back to sleep. 
I got up and our connection shifted so I could actually move my body. It was kind of weird being able to detach from my body. 
*It's kind of like our mind, body, and spirit are 3 fully different things.* Ariya pointed out. 
*True, it's like our mind is the place that we can go to. Where our thoughts and feelings can reside. But our body is our physical form. Then our spirit is like a form of energy that can be changed in a way.* I thought. 
*Something tells me we're going to need to strengthen all 3 of them to be able to make it through all of this.* Ariya said. 
*We'll figure out how to. It's just going to take time.* I told her. 
I started getting ready for the day. I made food quickly and got changed. Before I knew it I was heading out the door. Ariya had stayed awake this time, keeping me company while I got ready for the day. I left heading to the facility. Our connection was getting stronger with each passing day. It was getting easier to establish our minds being connected and we were able to feel what the other felt better. I was able to tell her reactions even without seeing her face. I could tell if she was grinning or pouting at this point. 
I neared the front of the building and Ariya went quiet as usual. I opened the front door and walked through security. Like last night the guards all seemed to shake in fear when they saw me. They greeted me in the usual way and I responded with my 1 word answer as usual. I went to my office and completed any paperwork that was left for me. After all was done, I swung by the room Ariya was in. I already knew she was awake but she turned the light on as well. 
"I'm just dropping off food for you. I'll be checking in with Boss in a minute." I told her. 
Ariya nodded but didn't say anything out loud. She knew I had done it on purpose. Though we knew no one was watching or heard us.
*I really want to kiss you, princess.* I told Ariya in our mind. 
*I know but you need to see Boss first. Besides, didn't he say he would explain about the ability thing today?* Ariya asked. 
*He said he would but I'm not sure if he meant immediately. I'm also not sure if he'll tell you directly.* 
*He might. Your memory showed that he knows I saw. I had my Dragon's Eye activated. I'm sure he's assuming I saw everything.* 
*It could be dangerous, Ari.* I warned her. 
*It's ok. Boss might give us more information than he plans to. We just have to do what he does to me. Read between the lines and pay attention.* 
Ariya finished eating and I looked at the time. I had about 5 minutes until Boss showed up. It was just enough time to walk to his office. 
*I'll be back, Ari.* I told her. 
*Are you severing the connection?* She asked and I could feel the worry in her voice. 
*No, just leaving the room.* I reassured her. 
*Oh, ok.* 
*I told you, I want to be connected with you as much as possible and as much as you'll let me.* 
I felt Ariya grin as I walked down the hallway. 
*I want to be connected to you as much as possible too.*
I grinned internally, keeping my outward expression blank. I got to Boss's office right on time. Boss raised an eyebrow, surprised that I had met him at his office instead of beating him there and waiting outside. 
"She was up, I gave her food already." I told him. 
"She's up earlier today." Boss noted. 
"Probably from the fight yesterday. She passed out pretty early. I had a feeling she'd be up earlier today." I explained. 
Boss chuckled, "You did good yesterday. It was better than I expected. She's fast though." 
I nodded, "I'm still faster." 
"Not nearly as much faster as I thought you would be. Ariya is only going to get stronger. It's probably best if you work on increasing your speed. She's likely to start working out. She's been there long enough, she's probably getting antsy." Boss chuckled. 
*Well I guess we don't have to convince him.* I thought to Ariya. 
"Do you want me to stop her from working out?" I asked him. 
"No, let her. She needs to get stronger anyway. If we're going to beat Drake she needs to be able to get as strong as him." Boss said. 
"It could take a while if we just let her try to do it. She's likely not going to workout when I'm in the room." I told him. 
"True. I thought about having you train her more so she increases her power faster but I don't want her to get stronger than you. We don't need her to become a problem." 
"I can keep ahead of her. I just need to be able to train on my own outside of basically training with her." I told him. 
*Careful, Boss might get suspicious if you push training me.* Ariya warned. 
*Don't worry, Ari. I'm just telling Boss what he wants. He wants me to be the one that is ok with adding more work onto myself.* I told her.
"Are you sure you can keep ahead of her? She's going to progress at a rapid rate." Boss warned me. 
"I'm sure. If I think she's even getting close to my level I'll let you know. Do you think we'd be able to use her against them?" I asked. 
"It's possible, but I doubt it. She's getting memories back which means her old self, the one that was raised by the Navi, is going to become more predominant. I doubt she'll turn on her own. Especially the Ivan boy. Whoever and wherever he is. She may not remember everything about him, but she loves him. That is evident in her memories. Turning on Drake though, she might be willing to do that if the circumstances are right." Boss told me. 
"So for now we let her gain strength so we can use her to figure out how to beat Drake." 
"Exactly. Keep her in the room when you train. I don't need the others seeing what's going on. Your performance yesterday has them quaking in their boots." Boss chuckled. 
"I noticed. The guards seem absolutely terrified." I laughed with him. 
"They should be. None of them should think they're capable of defeating her." Boss said, growing serious. 
"I hope I'm not overstepping, but if we make her strong enough that she's on the level with Drake, what's the point if no one outside of you and I can beat them?" I asked him. 
"That's part of the point. The Navi are strong. Stronger than any of the people that we have here. They'll be training trying to get stronger but Ariya is beyond their capabilities. The only ones strong enough are us and the Enforcers. Once she reaches the right level, I'll have the Enforcers join the fun." Boss grinned wickedly. 
"Is that what happened with Ryker?" I asked. 
Boss smirked, "I was wondering when you were going to ask me about him." 
My eyebrows pushed together, "What do you mean?" 
"You didn't realize your memories aren't really there of him? I mean I guess it has been about 9 years since you last saw him. It would make sense that your memories are faded. You trained with him for 3 years and then saw him periodically for the next 2?"
"I didn't realize." I said, thinking hard. 
"Ryker left your training alone but once he joined the Enforcers he broke some of those memories. He had to. None of the Enforcers' identities are public knowledge." Boss explained. 
"Why tell me now?" I asked, confused. 
"Because, I think it's time for Ryker to come back and help you to continue training. He's the only one I've seen be stronger than you. It wouldn't give you a break from watching Ariya though, I'm afraid. Ryker isn't too thrilled about watching someone for a long time. Though he might make an exception since you initially trained Ariya. He's likely to be intrigued." Boss snickered. 
###chapter 131
*Ivan*


*Ivan, breathe. You can't let Boss know that Ryker coming back worries you.* Ariya alerted me immediately. 
"Ryker's coming back?" I asked. 
"Yes, he is. He'll be training you to make sure you stay ahead of Ariya's abilities. I figured it'd be good for more than just you and I here to be able to prevent her from escaping should she decide to try. As she gets stronger, she might become gutsy. Ariya's always been strong without abilities, but once she learns how to truly control them, she'll be on a level closer to Drake. I want you to train her. In the room only. Don't leave that room without my permission." Boss instructed. 
"Yes, sir." 
"Oh and Justin, do try your best not to get broken by Ryker. You're not going to be very effective watching Ariya if you do. I've already instructed him not to go overboard but he gets carried away. Like you, he loves a challenge." Boss told me. 
*Ivansomeone's coming.* Ariya whispered in my head. 
"I'll do my best. How will I know it's him?" I asked. 
"You'll know. Oh and try not to piss him off with your 1 word answers or he will break you. I don't care about anyone else but I am looking out for you. You are my right hand after all." Boss cooed. 
I smirked, "I'll try. You know I hate talking to other people." 
"Ryker isn't just other people. Remember that." 
"Yes, sir." I nodded. 
*Ivan. It's Ryker. He's here.* Ariya said and I could feel the fear come from her. 
*I'm on my way.* I told her trying to keep my face straight as I turned to leave. 
"Justin, before you go, we need to talk about what you saw the other day. You and Ariya." Boss stopped me before I left. 
It took everything in me not to leave. I knew I had to stay but I needed to protect Ariya. I had to go to her. 
*Ivan, I love you. It's going to be ok.* Ariya whispered. 
*No, Ari. Please. Do whatever you can to protect your mind. Reach out to Drake. I love you. Come back to me.* I told her. 
Ariya severed the connection and I continued staring at Boss. Waiting for him to say something. I knew better than to ask direct questions about his ability. 
"You saw that I have more than 1 ability. Both of you know about it. I am sure that Ariya has lots of questions as do you. I promised I would talk to you today about it. And we will. It unfortunately must be later today. I am working on something special for Ariya and it needs my immediate attention. This afternoon I will swing by." 
I nodded, "You don't owe me an explanation. Sure I'm curious but you're the Boss." 
Boss grinned, "True. Same as last time though, Justin. Don't breathe a word about my ability to anyone." 
"Understood." 
Boss waved me away and I had to hold myself back from running to Ariya. Ryker was already here. I didn't fully understand why. I had been trapped for only a couple minutes with Boss since Ariya told me that Ryker had arrived and was in the room. I knew better than to push a thought to her. If Ryker had hold of her already it would mean that me pushing a thought to her would get us both caught. The panic filled me and I began to worry about Ariya. I couldn't lose her. I would die before I lost her. But I had to play it the right way. If I jumped the gun now it could be the death of both of us. But if I didn't jump fast enough it could mean she would be taken away from me permanently. I didn't know what to do. 
*Drake!* I pushed the thought to him, hoping he would hear me. 
*Ivan?* Drake asked, I felt his hesitation. 
*Ryker is here. He's with Ariya!* I told him, the panic evident in my voice. 
*I know. I was just with her. You need to get to her quickly.* Drake said. 
*Stage outside, we might need you all.* I told him. 
*I thought you said there was no way that we would be able to get in to help you both get out.* 
*No way that doesn't involve killing everyone. Even then. I don't know that we'd escape. But I'm not willing to lose Ariya.* I growled. 
*We're on our way. We have to stage a little further away so we aren't seen. Keo wants to connect with you.* Drake said. 
*No. I can't risk getting caught. It's hard enough to walk to her and keep my face straight. I can't keep talking to someone.* I growled. 
*I'll let him know. Ivan, it's going to be ok. We'll figure it out.* Drake said, trying to reassure me. 
I severed the connection before Drake continued talking. I was getting closer to the room that Ariya was in and it was taking everything in me not to run to her. I wanted her out of here. I should have tried to escape with her sooner. What if they take all her memories? What if Ryker breaks her? I doubt he would kill her right now. Boss still has plans for Ariya. But why is he here? It can't just be to train me and see her. Why is he here? 
I rounded the corner and could see the room that Ariya was in. It was at the end of the hall. No one ever went down here. Not until now. I walked to the door and I knew he was there. I knew I would walk into Ryker. My trainer. An Enforcer that can break people's minds. I knew he would still be there because Ariya didn't reach back out to me. Not only that, I couldn't feel my other memories resurfacing. I knew who I was but my memories were still guarded by the locks. The locks that were put in place to protect us. 
I opened the door and sure enough, there was Ryker. Ariya was knelt down on the ground in front of him. Ryker had his hands on both sides of Ariya's face. He was in her mind. As soon as the door shut, I caught a whiff of another scent. Someone grabbed me from behind wrapping their arms around me in a way that made it so I couldn't move. Ryker dropped Ariya and she fell to the ground. 
"What the hell is going on here?" I growled trying to get out of the hands of the other person who had a hold of me. 
"Took you long enough to get here, kid." Ryker growled, grabbing hold of my head with his hands. 
###chapter 132
*Ariya*


*Ivan. It's Ryker. He's here.* I told Ivan. 
The fear took hold of me as I stared into the face of this man. A face of a man that I shouldn't recognize but did because of my connection with Ivan. This man was an Enforcer and was able to break my mind if he wanted. I had plenty of memories open but most of the important ones were sealed. Drake had continued to add things to the lock that needed to be protected but we knew from experience that Ryker could still break the memory. It just wasn't a permanent thing. I wasn't sure what Ryker would see if he broke into the memories that Drake locked. 
*I'm on my way.* Ivan told me. 
I could feel his concern for me and his need to get to me quickly. But he was in Boss' office. There wasn't much that he was going to be able to do. I felt Ivan's need to come save me grow. I felt his pull towards me. I knew he was being forced to stay by Boss. I wanted him not to worry but I couldn't control the fear I felt seeing Ryker in front of me.  I did my best to soothe Ivan. 
*Ivan, I love you. It's going to be ok.* I whispered. 
*No, Ari. Please. Do whatever you can to protect your mind. Reach out to Drake. I love you. Come back to me.* Ivan told me. 
I severed the connection. I wasn't sure what I should do about Ryker being in the room. I decided to try to stall him for as long as I could. 
"Who are you?" I asked. 
I tried controlling the fear but I was sure it still came through my voice. Ryker smirked at me and took a step closer. I growled in response and took a half step back, prepared to fight him. 
"You're scared of me already? I haven't even done anything yet." Ryker grinned wickedly at me. 
Ryker lunged across the room grabbing my head in both of his hands. I grabbed his hands growling viciously as my fangs came out and my eyes changed. 
*DRAKE!* I screamed in my head. 
"A Navi. Interesting." Ryker said, his eyes lighting up with excitement. 
*Ari? What's wrong?* Drake asked urgently. 
*Ryker.* I told him and cut the connection. 
It was too late. Ryker invaded my mind and I didn't need Ryker getting to Drake. I screamed in pain as Ryker forced his way in. My hands fell from his and the strength started draining from me immediately. My vision blurred and I fell to my knees in front of Ryker. He held on trying to see what he was looking for. 
I heard the door shut and a small scuffle. Someone else had to be in the room with Ryker and I. I wasn't sure who. Ryker let me go and I fell to the ground. My eyes fluttered closed. 
"What the hell is going on here?" I heard a voice growl. 
That voice. It was his voice. Ivan. I tried to force my eyes open and saw that someone else had been in the room with Ryker and I. Someone had Ivan from behind and was holding him tightly so he couldn't move. Ivan tried getting out of the other man's grip but couldn't. 
*Ari!* Ivan pushed to me. 
*Ivan, I* I started but didn't get a chance to finish. 
"Took you long enough to get here, kid." Ryker growled, grabbing hold of Ivan's head with his hands. 
Ivan froze and his eyes went wide as Ryker invaded his mind. My adrenaline surged and I was able to pull myself up to be on my hands and knees. I looked up at Ivan, worried. Ryker and Ivan both gasped in pain as Ryker withdrew his hands from Ivan. Whatever Ryker tried to do, it didn't seem to work. I saw Ryker's eyes glow and the man that held onto Ivan had the same effect. Ivan's wolf eyes flashed at me triggering my eyes to flash as well. 
All of my memories came flooding into my mind instantly. I had no idea what was happening but I saw Ivan's hair change to his real hair color. The white tips formed and my eyes went wide. I had to get Ivan out of here somehow. I wasn't willing to lose him. I wasn't willing to risk him getting tortured. They were going to know that Ivan wasn't actually Justin. That he'd been Ivan this whole time. That he infiltrated. 
The fear took hold of me. Ryker seemed stunned for a moment and I took the opportunity. 
*Ivan!* I shouted in my mind. 
I felt him start to disappear from me and the panic hit me. I was not about to lose him. He didn't respond to me. I felt that his strength was gone and felt the darkness starting to engulf him. 
"I" I started to shout. 
A hand wrapped around my mouth immediately, preventing me from screaming Ivan's name. I could feel Ivan falling into the darkness. I struggled against the hand but it didn't budge. Ryker had grabbed hold of me and wasn't letting me go. I struggled against his grasp but I was unsuccessful in freeing myself. Ryker was not a small man by any means. He was massive. At least compared to Ivan and I. While Ivan was a toned muscular build, Ryker was more on a muscular stocky side except he was taller which made him all the more intimidating. His arms were massive. He had wrapped one arm around me holding me to him and the other he wrapped around my mouth making sure I couldn't shout. 
"Zane." Ryker said to the man holding Ivan. 
The fear took over me as I worried what was about to happen to Ivan. I couldn't lose him. So I decided to do the one thing that I knew I could do even in my situation. I let my eyes change and my fangs came out and I bit into Ryker's hand as hard as I could. 
###chapter 133
*Ariya*


Ryker had put his hand around my mouth, preventing me from screaming Ivan's name. 
"Zayne." Ryke said to the man that was still holding onto Ivan. 
Zayne sniffed the air and nodded at Ryker. The fear had taken over me as I felt Ivan slip further away from me. I let my eyes change and my fangs came out and I bit into Ryker's hand as hard as I could. Ryker roared in pain, ripping his hand away from my mouth and letting me go. 
"Zayne, let him go." Ryker ordered. 
Zayne immediately let go of Ivan and I lunged at Ivan, catching him before he hit the ground. Ivan was really weak and I could feel him slipping away from me. 
"Ivan!" I said urgently to him. 
Ivan didn't move so I did the one thing I knew would work. I bit into my own tongue and then kissed him, pushing my tongue into his mouth. Ivan jolted awake, his hand immediately pulling me closer to him. Zayne's eyes went wide as he watched what I did. 
*Ivan!* I shouted in our mind as the tears began to burn my eyes. 
*It's ok, Ari. I'm ok. We're ok. We* Ivan started. 
A low growl came from behind us. I pulled away from Ivan and spun toward the growl. I bared my fangs growling at Ryker. Ryker growled back, baring his own fangs at me. My eyes went wide with shock. 
"Shit! Get away from him!" Zayne shouted at us. 
Zayne jumped in the way and quickly took a blade and pressed it to his neck drawing blood. 
"Ryker! Focus on me! I'm right here. Come and get it." Zayne said, cocking his head to the side. 
Ryker looked feral. Like he hadn't fed in a long time. Zayne's actions pulled my attention to him, specifically his neck. My breathing picked up as I saw the blood start to run down Zayne's neck. I felt my tongue move back and forth across my teeth as they pushed their way out into fangs. 
"Ari?" Ivan shook my shoulder. 
My eyes were locked onto Zayne's neck. A growl came out of me and Zayne looked back. The sudden movement caught Ryker's attention finally and Ryker lunged at Zayne. He wrapped his hand around Zayne's throat and sank his fangs deep into Zayne's neck. Zayne gasped and I felt like I was being pulled towards him. 
"Is she new, Ivan?" Zayne asked. 
"Yes." Ivan answered. 
"You need to get her attention. She needs to feed. It's Ryker, he's pulling her into a frenzy." Zayne instructed Ivan. 
I felt Ivan pull at my face but I wouldn't turn to him. I was being called to sink my own fangs into Zayne's neck. I watched as Ryker fed. He fed like he couldn't get enough. Like he'd been starving and was finally given a bit of food. Even as he fully drained Zayne, he continued. 
"Come back to me, princess." Ivan whispered to me softly. 
Ivan took my face in his hands and kissed me. He showed me his wolf eyes which pulled my attention back to him slightly. 
"There you go. Come back to me, princess. I need you to feed from me." Ivan whispered, cocking his head to the side while pulling me to him. 
My eyes shifted to Ivan's neck and a growl came from me. I was hit with a memory of what it felt like to feed on Ivan. Ivan pushed the memory to me, coaxing me to him. I growled in response and quickly pulled him to me, sinking my fangs into his neck. It was intoxicating. The taste of Ivan's blood gushed into my mouth. I felt my eyes roll back as I was hit with the pleasure I felt from feeding from Ivan. Ivan wrapped his arms around me, holding me close to him. 
- 
*Ryker* 


Something in me snapped. Ariya had bit my hand drawing blood. That was the first issue. Then she bit her own tongue and fed the blood to Ivan. That was when I lost it. I couldn't remember the last time I'd fed. I had locked Zayne and I's memories so we couldn't get caught. We very rarely had moments when we were ourselves. It wasn't that we weren't ourselves. It wasn't that we went by different names. But we couldn't remember being an Original Navi Wolf or a Blood Born Navi. If anyone was around we didn't know. People have been around us a lot over the last few months. So neither of us remembered. Until we got called back to the office. Boss needed us for a special assignment. He said my old protégé, Justin, needed some special training and had found out something that Boss didn't want anyone to know. He also said that Justin's protégé, Ariya, had also learned something. But she would intrigue me. He didn't give me that many details. Not until we got here. 
Zayne and I met with Boss after he left the office last night. He let me know what he wanted destroyed in their minds. But told me that we should swing by and meet Ariya first. I didn't expect everything to happen the way it did. I tried entering Ariya's mind and anything of importance was already locked. Most likely by Drake. The lock was familiar to me. It wasn't until Justin walked in and I tried to enter his mind that everything flooded back. I locked his mind more to protect him and bring my own memories back if needed. 
I wasn't expecting the hunger I was going to feel. I definitely wasn't expecting the sudden need to feed from Zayne while we were in the facility. I thought I'd be able to hold it off until we could leave for a moment. I didn't realize that Ariya was going to be the reason I fell into a frenzy. The reason I lost control so quickly. But now there was more of a problem. Ariya was a prisoner here. Ivan knew who he was, which was made clear to me the second I entered his mind. Ivan and Ariya are mated which means they're not going to leave without the other. Now Zayne and I were in the middle of it. 
I had to figure things out quickly. But I needed to buy some time. Time to be able to talk to both of them. Time to talk to Drake as well. I wasn't sure if he was around but I would guess he would be. After draining Zayne multiple times, I finally started to get a grip on reality again. I released him, healed him and then turned to look at Ariya and Ivan. 
"What am I going to do with you 2?" I growled. 

###chapter 134
*Ryker*


"What am I going to do with you 2?" I growled. 
Ariya got in front of Ivan and growled at me, letting her fangs show.
*Ryker! She doesn't remember!* Zayne shouted in my head. 
I couldn't help but smirk at Ariya. She was trying to scare me, but I didn't scare easily. Not even when I didn't have full access to my memories. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath in. As I exhaled I opened my eyes, letting them change and my fangs came out. I snarled back at Ariya, baring my fangs. 
"Ari! Stop! It's ok!" Ivan shouted, wrapping his arms around her. 
Ariya's eyes were glowing the same color as Ivan's. They had to have completed the mate bond. Bold considering where they were. 
*Ryker!* Zayne shouted. 
*Relax, Zayne. I'm in control. You should be able to tell. Seems we have a lot of catching up to do.* I told him. 
The air in the room was so filled with tension. I imagined for Zayne and Ivan they were stressed beyond their limits. Ariya didn't back down after I showed her my fangs. I smirked again. Boss was right, I was definitely intrigued. 
"It's been a while, Ari." I said. 
Ariya growled at me again, "You don't get to call me that." 
"Oh? Is that so? Pretty sure I get to call you whatever I want." I taunted her. 
*What are you doing? Are you trying to piss her off?* Zayne asked me. 
*Yup.* I laughed. 
"Ari, hear him out. He's on our side." Ivan pleaded with her. 
Ariya paused at that point and I frowned. 
"Now why do you have to go and ruin my fun, Ivan?" I asked him. 
Ivan growled at me this time, "This isn't fun at all, Ryker. You're freaking her out. She doesn't know what's going on." 
I looked at Ariya, "She doesn't look scared to me." 
"Ryker!" Zayne growled at me. 
I rolled my eyes, "Ari, I want you to show me just how strong you are. After you remember, it's unlikely that you'll want to, but promise me you will." 
"Promise to pummel your face? Absolutely. You hurt Ivan and exposed him." Ariya growled. 
I held my hands up laughing, "I didn't hurt him. I meant to, yes. But I didn't hurt him. I came across a memory I locked on him and in doing so it unlocked both my memories and Ivan's. When that happens, it takes a lot out of a person. It felt like he was slipping away, right?" 
Ariya looked at me confused. She had to know I was a Navi and that Zayne was a wolf by now. She nodded but didn't say anything so I continued. 
"He was out of stamina, that's all that means. Basically the feeling of him slipping away only means that he's going to pass out. He's not falling into a dream. He's falling asleep. It starts out as darkness. That's what you're feeling. That's what you're seeing. Zayne already made sure that no one was nearby. He's constantly checking since most of us got our memories. There's no need to worry." 
I walked closer to Ariya, keeping my hands up. Ariya shifted uncomfortably but I could tell that Ivan was talking to her in her head finally. Her mind must have calmed down enough for them to have a conversation. I was glad she was timid of me though. It meant she was playing things safe. 
"Will you let me unlock yours, little one?" I asked her before moving to touch her head. 
Ariya hesitated but eventually nodded her head. 
"You and Ivan have to sever the mind link before I do it or he's going to feel it again. Because you just fed it shouldn't knock you out. You can share the memory as soon as you have it. Ivan has his own to share with you too." I informed her. 
Ivan hugged Ariya tightly and rested his head on her shoulder. Ariya nodded at me to let me know that they had severed the mind link. I took her head gently in both hands and closed my eyes, searching for the memories that I'd locked. As soon as I found the memory it began unlocking itself. Just like with Ivan, as soon as I found the memory I gasped and removed my hands from Ariya. The pain was over in an instant this time. 
Ariya stared at me wide-eyed as the memories flashed through her mind. She had a vacant look in her eyes. Ivan looked at me concerned. 
"There's a lot of memories. It's going to take a minute. You only had memories of me tied to one time frame. Ari on the other hand has many more." I explained. 
Ivan growled, "Why are you calling her Ari?" 
I couldn't help the smirk that showed up on my face, "Who do you think started calling her Ari in the first place?" 
"Her brother, Keothi." Ivan confronted me. 
"That's where you're wrong, kid. You didn't see me the night you lost your parents. So I never had to lock your mind. Not until you came walking in here. Ariya's words changed slightly. She left out that 3 people called her Ari. You were traumatized that night, I didn't want to make anything worse. The day you got here I adjusted that memory on you slightly. That way you couldn't give me away ever. I also helped lock your memories more to keep you safe. That part you should remember now." I explained. 
Ivan seemed confused but didn't ask any more questions. Ariya came out of her dazed state. Her eyes refocused and she looked at me with new eyes. 
"Ryker?" She breathed. 
"Long time no see, Ari." I smirked at her. 
She jumped up and hugged me tightly. 
"I want to say I missed you but I didn't remember. I would have missed you though!" She told me, burying her head into my chest. 
"I missed you too, little one." I laughed, "You bit me, you little runt!" 
Ariya looked down sheepishly, "Sorry Uncle Ryker." 
"Uncle?!" Ivan said, shocked. 
I smiled down at Ariya and gave her a big squeeze before releasing her, "He needs you. You'll need to show him your memories so he's caught up to speed. You both need to catch Zayne and I up to speed as well. We've been gone for a long time and clearly don't know what's happened. You'll need to have Drake adjust your lock to include Zayne and I. Ivan's too. I can force my way through but it would hurt both of you. It's better if Drake just does it. I'll fix Drake's lock when I see him. That said, you have until Zayne and I get back to get it done. Don't delay. We're going to go talk to Boss and then we're all leaving for a bit." 
"Ari can't leave here. Boss isn't going to allow that." Ivan said, worried. 
Ariya immediately went to Ivan and snuggled into his arms. 
"Ariya is going to have to stay in the room. But she can come with us mentally. Specifically with you, Ivan. You can be her voice when we meet with Drake. Boss is going to expect me to break your mind outside of here. He'll let us leave for a bit." 
"Won't he come in here then? What if I'm with you guys?" Ariya asked. 
"He won't because he's going to think you're unconscious. You only need to pretend to be asleep. Boss will think you are if he goes in there. But you'll be able to tell because a part of you is still aware of your body even when you're with Ivan. I need to adjust my lock and Zayne's lock so we remember when you guys are the only ones here." I added. 
"We need a way to know that you are you. Ivan always flashes his wolf eyes at me and his hair changes. That's how we know it's just the 2 of us. If someone else approaches it's like an early warning system because his hair will change back." Ariya told me. 
"Keep it that way for the 2 of you. When it's us 2 coming in here, I'll flash my eyes, Zayne gets his memory back that way, and as long as no one else is nearby or watching then we'll all have our memories. I'll also make a contingency for us, that if Ivan's hair is ever his true color that we'll automatically get our memories back. That way we can't hurt you guys by accident." 
Everyone nodded in agreement. I put my hands on Zayne's head and adjusted the lock on his memories. Then I closed my eyes and focused on adjusting the lock on my own memories. Ivan and Ariya would reach out to Drake as soon as we left and get their locks fixed. I wasn't completely sure if Drake would just adjust it automatically without knowing who he was adding but I was sure that Ariya and Ivan could show him enough proof that Drake would be willing to. 
"You'll only have a small window of time. Make sure to show each other memories but also have Drake adjust your locks. The lock takes priority." 