###chapter 1
**************
When Lilianna witnesses her lover’s murder, she discovers both their fathers are rival mafia kings. Traumatized, she drowns her sorrows in a bar and wakes up in bed with a stranger—Matteo, heir to a crime dynasty. Three years later, their accidental son binds them together just as Matteo launches a brutal war against her family. Caught between her mafia lord father and the man whose touch ignites her blood, Lilianna must protect her child while navigating a labyrinth of betrayal and vengeance. In a world where loyalty means death and desire is a weapon, survival demands an unthinkable choice: destroy her family or lose everything.
**************
Lilianna's POV
The night was as dark as my feelings now, which had just been confronted by a big problem.  I never thought that everything would just happen like that.  The night breeze hit my face with the dust it carried.  I couldn't resist it in the slightest and even my face was swept to the left without tolerance.  Night fog blocks the roads in this city.  The streets are so gloomy, like what I'm feeling now. 
 Moscow became very mournful when the weather started to become extreme like I had just been moved in by my lover.  Not just a temporary stay but definitely forever.  It's no longer about breaking up or being cheated on.  I just lost my lover, he died before my eyes in tragic circumstances.  His face was covered in blood and he was forcefully dragged until I couldn't defend him at all.  I can only see it from quite a distance while hiding.  It all started with a shot aimed at me.  But it missed my lover, Jeremy Petrov. 
 When he died I could only watch him fall helplessly.  He is the lover who made me fall in love the most.  When he died, I found out that he was the son of a mafia boss named Vlad Petrov.  A Mafia boss who is very famous in Russia even has many subordinates, almost one country is subject to him, not just states.  The incident was very astonishing and long. 
 This is how it started, I was having a romantic dinner at a luxury restaurant in the Moscow area last afternoon.  My boyfriend Jeremy picked me up from my residence in his luxury car and invited me in like a king's consort.  Everything seemed sweet at first until when we started to enter the restaurant I suspected that someone had been watching our movements since I first got into the car in front of my house. 
 Things became very scary when several people suddenly attacked with guns.  We can only raise our hands because we have clean hands without weapons. 
 "Raise your hands!"
 "Everyone here lay down or I'll put ammunition in your brains right now."
 All the restaurant visitors followed orders and they immediately fell down rather than have their heads exploded ridiculously.  I also raised my hand along with Jeremy. 
 "Hey, who are you?"
 "Hand over the woman beside you!"  Pointing at me. 
 "No! What reason do you have for forcing me to hand over Lilianna?"  Jeremy was half angry. 
 "You don't need to know the reason. Come on, don't ask too many questions before I end your lives one by one."  They kept forcing Jeremy to just hand me over to them. 
 Meanwhile, one of Jeremy's hands tried to hold me tightly.  I hope I don't slip out of his grasp.  He looked after me very hard. 
 "Hey, who told you to? How dare you!"  Jeremy started to dare to shout at the strange humans who were pointing guns at the two of us. 
 "You dare to us huh?"
 "No need to worry!" 
 They immediately pointed the gun at Jeremy's head. 
 I could only stare and stare, swallowing saliva deeply.  Don't know how to deal with all this.  Obviously I have no martial arts skills.  But Jeremy immediately kicked the hands of the people who were pointing the gun at his head one by one.  Until they fell to the ground after Jeremy managed to kick them and their gun was thrown some distance from where they fell.  We immediately got closer to each other and looked at each other's surroundings, turning our bodies to share the roles of each other's eyes.  Maybe Jeremy was really curious about the mastermind behind all this incident.  Jeremy bravely stepped on one of them's feet and asked about their boss. 
 "Come on, admit who told you to?"  While stepping on the hand of one of them with a thick and hard shoe sole. 
 His other friends started to get closer and wanted to try to help their friend who had been stepped on by his hands by trying to attack Jeremy in a gang. 
 "Don't come any closer or your friend's arm will break!"  Jeremy threatened the gang who were trying to attack him. 
 "Come on, confess! Or I'll stomp harder!"
 "Aaaaa... Sorry. Yes, yes, I will tell you. But loosen your steps."
 Jeremy loosened his foot a little and the man started to speak the truth. 
 "We were ordered by our boss Enzo Costello"
 "Who is Enzo Costello? And what was his motive for telling you to kidnap Lilianna?"
 "Enzo Costello is a mafia boss who is a close friend of Lilianna's father, Alessio, who is also a mafia boss from another area. The two of them are allied in wanting to destroy your father Vlad Petrov's power as the biggest mafia boss in Russia."
I was stunned to hear this testimony.  In fact, I just found out that my father and Jeremy's father were both big mafia figures. 
 "Then what does this have to do with kidnapping Lilianna? Isn't there another way to fight?"
 "Our boss Enzo doesn't want his friend Alessio's son to be close friends with Vlad's son and even have to have a special relationship or be in a relationship. He would prefer if his son Alessio could become his son-in-law. However, after we found out that you guys had already planned a wedding date, it would be better if Lilianna were just killed."  
 "Huh?"  I was shocked to hear that. 
 Suddenly one of them tried to point a gun at me at a very close distance.  I was not able to dodge or fight him in the slightest.  As for Jeremy, I saw that he was starting to get confused and out of control.  He forgot he was stepping on someone until he turned his attention to me and ignored the situation that could have threatened him. 
 "Huh, where are you going?"
 "Lilianna, let's run!"  Jeremy shouted, full of worry and anxiety at my current situation. 
 The person who was pointing the gun looked at Jeremy so I could run away when he was caught off guard by me.  Until he started to wake up and told me to stay where he was.  I had time to obey him by staying in place.  But again and again Jeremy told me to keep running from here and hiding. 
 "Hey, stop! Stay where you are!"
 "No! Don't Lilianna! You keep running and hiding!"  Jeremy said. 

###chapter 2
Lilianna's POV 
 I was immediately shocked and ran back and hid after hearing my lover Jeremy's cry.   So at that moment it was the right thing because all eyes looked towards the source of the sound, namely Jeremy.  Finally I was able to hide after almost being shot several times.  But damn!  Unlucky!  Jeremy is the one who becomes the victim.  They confidently shot Jeremy without hesitation.  Jeremy was even shot several times, leaving him lying weak and helpless.  Since then I have witnessed cruel things happening when they skin Jeremy in public.  Blood was all over there and only sadness remained when everything had dispersed. I buried the remaining blood in my face on the terrace while screaming hysterically, no one heard because I came out in a very quiet situation. 
 Since that day, since that tragic incident, it has become even more traumatic to see blood and guns.  That's a piece of the chronology of the heartbreaking events that caused me to stumble here covered in fog and gray clouds wrapped in the night wind. 
 I decided to find an outlet for the uncertainty I was experiencing.  It's true that I really can't cover up this feeling of confusion and distract it.  Until my feet stepped into a bar.  I ordered a large amount of beer.  I even spent my cash plus took out my credit card too.  I don't care about anything other than getting rid of this chaotic feeling. 
 I was so drunk that I half-consciously met a man who was also as drunk as me.  Suddenly we approached each other and what I saw sometimes was that his face resembled Jeremy.  But it looks very far away if I look closely.  I don't know how we got into a room.  Obviously I forgot to remember because being under the influence of alcohol made me almost lose consciousness. 
 As far as I remember, now I am almost completely naked.  Leaving only bra and panties.  Slowly the man grabbed me by first biting my neck and licking it.  It makes me unable to sigh and it gets even worse than that. 
 "Aaaahhh ahhhhh ahhhhh..."
 "Do you like it?"  Eyes that looked dim were increasingly lulled by the situation. 
 "Yes."  I said without further ado even though I didn't know the man who was now playing with me at all. 
 He started taking off my bra and threw it in any direction.  I could only surrender to enjoy an exciting night even though at first I was confused and felt uncontrollably depressed, I almost swallowed dozens of drugs beforehand but this man was the one who stopped me.  He even invited me to chat in a room I didn't recognize.  The time was so long, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up because I felt ticklish.  As I went in and deeper I started to feel wet. 
 "Aaaahhh ahhh ahhh...."
 Once out.
 "Come on, come on, I'm not satisfied yet!"  I said, the charges are getting worse. 
 "Yes I will do that darling."  The man said as if he had known me for a long time, he even considered me his soul mate who was bound by the rules of marriage. 
 He kept turning it from inside and going deeper and deeper until I felt stuck.  While enjoying the tongue swaying from inside the mouth.  Biting each other while embracing warmly and uniting their passions at one time.  He continued to thrust without withdrawing the slightest from inside me.  I felt this amazing and satisfied with the state of climax. 
My dopamine hormone began to be produced perfectly.  No bad thoughts tonight.  Even now, I can only feel an indescribable sense of comfort.  He also seemed to enjoy and even really liked this game.  He pampered me more and more with his charm.  Until the long night it has released a lot of fluid.  I don't know how much went in but a lot of what came out wet the area of the bed we were using.  I already felt like I was almost out of breath with a feeling of pleasure.  There are only beautiful dreams.  Like soaring into the sky through the seventh heaven.  Spinning in feelings that are difficult for me to explain.  Until I fell asleep in that beautiful feeling.  Maybe that guy is the same as me.  Until I started to wake up when the night was almost over.  The world seemed to end in one glance at once. 
 "No!"  While pulling the blanket I was wearing, I pressed it to my chest. 
 I looked under the blanket and it looked like I wasn't dressed at all.  I looked next to me, the man was still fast asleep.  I thought last night I had a dream, it turns out this was really real and it just happened.  The area around the edge of my mouth still smelled of the distinctive aroma of alcohol.  Looks like I drank too much beer last night.  So that caused me to lose control and make everything even more messy.  Bad thoughts about Jeremy's incident were slightly distracted by my current situation.  I don't even know if he got inside me.  It seemed like he had touched me deeply.  Until I had difficulty guessing how many were late.  I took a deep breath and started to get up from my sleeping position.  Sit for a moment to understand the flow of events that happened without this plan.  Once again looking at the man who was still asleep in his sleep.  He was next to me and seemed to be sleeping very comfortably.  Don't know what to do other than remain silent and pensive, lamenting this accidental incident.
 Then I immediately put on my clothes in a hurry.  I hope it's finished quickly before the man next to me wakes up.  Even though I was feeling nervous and my body was shaking a little, I still continued wearing my clothes.  When everything was finished, I immediately got up and carried my small bag which I had kept on the bedside table.  I wanted to hurry and leave this man alone.  But there was a feeling of very high curiosity when I was about to leave.  Instantly I looked back at the man, perhaps he would be a part of my life in the future.  I stopped in my tracks and turned my gaze towards the man who was now fast asleep.  While looking at him closely there was a murmur in my heart. 
 "He will be the father of my child."
 Hah?  I immediately gasped after realizing that I had mumbled that deeply. 
 What did I say just now in my mind?  Am I saying it from my heart and deepest thoughts?  No!  I can't possibly have children from him.  But my mind forced me to look at the man more closely to make sure I could memorize his face.  Immediately I began to be disturbed by his behavior as if he was about to wake up.  I immediately felt panicked and immediately turned around and stepped forward hastily.  Hope he doesn't wake up soon before I actually get out and am far out there from this exit.  When I was about to take a step, I stepped on something.  A nameplate was still attached to the jacket which seemed to belong to the man. 
 "Matteo Bogdan."
 I whispered softly on the edge of my lips.  Then my vision blurred and I immediately ran away from this room right now. 
 Speeding up my footwork and walking hastily.  When I arrived in front of the door, I immediately opened it and walked out through the door after closing it.  I hope he doesn't come after me. 

###chapter 3
 Matteo's POV
 Today the sky looks cloudy, thick black clouds cover the Moscow sky.  Fog was everywhere and now my vision looked terrible.  I feel like tonight has been a very messy night for me.  After I experienced bad and very bad problems.  I decided to visit a bar to just have a drink and get rid of the chaos that was still residing in my head. 
 The first time I just received a tough assignment from my own father.  The task of carrying out the covert business that father had planned for me as far as possible.  My father always wanted me to be his successor in managing the business he had been running for a long time.  My father, Enzo Costello, was an oil mafia and drug mafia in the Soviet Union who was part of the red mafia. He is close friends with La Cosa Nostra from Italy or the Italian mafia.  The mafia's name is Alessio, who has lived in Russia for a long time and lives with his family here.  They developed a plan to destroy the biggest mafia in Russia, namely Vlad Petrov.  My father trusted me to be a spy so that I could find out Vlad's business secrets so that his business could be destroyed easily.  At first I refused my father's request, which seemed very pushy.  But I couldn't help but follow my father's rules after being threatened for a very complicated matter for me.  There was a dilemma but I admitted defeat to my father and started being a spy.  However, because I lacked intelligence skills, I finally asked my best friend to come with me in this matter.  He is willing and he is quite experienced.  However, the big mafia certainly had more serious experiences so my friends and I were caught.  In fact, we were held hostage for some time.  But luckily I managed to escape from their clutches.  However, my best friend, Pasha, died at the hands of Vlad Petrov's favorite and trusted subordinate. 
 "Come on, confess, whose orders were you?"  My feet were trampled by thick and hard shoes.
 Meanwhile my friend was being whipped with a buckle. 
 "Come on, confess! Otherwise you'll die right here right now!"
 "No! I won't say it!"
 "Oh how dare you, feel this."
 We continued to be tortured in a dark room where there was little light.  Instantly Pasha, who was half prostrate, was able to pull the leg of one of those carrying a gun.  I was no less quick and immediately blocked and grabbed the other gun.  Until there was an attack with a gun and gunshot after shot was heard loudly in the room. 
 "Hey, you're brave, aren't you?"
 Bang.
 One bullet missed.
 Not only did we shoot each other, we also had quite fierce physical fights.  The martial arts action is quite interesting and triggers even higher adrenaline.  Until my best friend Pasha lost control and started to lose his balance.  He finally fell down and a gun was pointed at his head. 
 I can't do anything right now other than waiting for a miracle that Pasha will be able to pull off a stunning action like he did earlier.  But Pasha instead told me to run and leave him here alone. 
 "Run guys! Let's run Matteo!"
 Unfortunately, Pasha even accidentally said my name.  Then my identity will be easy to trace later. 
 "But you?"
 "Just forget about me! Come on, save yourself now!"
 At first I was hesitant but after a while because Pasha kept telling me to run, I had no other choice but to leave him here alone.  Because when Pasha spoke like that, it meant he had run out of methods and was starting to feel hopeless and then no longer had any hope that would make us both safe. 
 When I took a step I heard and saw shot after shot aimed at Pasha's body, even from top to bottom.  Until Pasha really looked pathetic and could no longer be helped.  He was forcibly dragged away until I didn't find his body properly treated.  Meanwhile, I, who had been intimidated, continued to run and get away, even though of course the bullets continued to chase my steps.  But I managed to avoid it and was finally able to escape and be free from the punishment room.  I can be free from Vlad's environment. 
 But even so, I went home empty-handed.  Instead I went home with a huge sense of guilt.  At the same time I didn't know what to explain to my father.  Moreover, Pasha had mentioned my name earlier.  It is very clear that my name will be data for finding facts.  They'll look into it and maybe now they've got the fact that I'm Enzo Costello's son.  It could be that now, quickly and nimbly, a group ordered by Vlad Petrov has attacked my father.  So I can't afford to go home now.  The chaos will make me feel even more cornered and cornered.  I can't take responsibility for that yet.  Because I don't have any expertise in this matter.  For me, this is something new and this is my first experience. 
 I'd rather go into a bar and sip a few drinks very lightly.  I wanted to forget this dark day and escape for a moment from the fact that my father would be very angry with me because Vlad would definitely make a calculation with him.  I can't escape all of this.  Unless it takes away my consciousness tonight to feel safe and comfortable at least for just one night. 
"Add more!"  I called the bartender to refill my glass. 
 "Aren't there many, sir? You have drunk almost twenty-one glasses of this beer."
 Crazy!  I don't care at all how much I sip of this intoxicating drink.  Besides, I have plenty of money to pay for it.  I had already withdrawn the contents of my ATM and credit card before my father blocked them. 
 "Are you refusing my request?"  With a stoned expression and droopy eyes, the bartender seemed afraid that he would reject me. 
 I still felt semi-conscious even though I had drunk a lot of drinks.  But I still insist on losing my consciousness completely tonight. 
 "That's enough, sir! You could die before long."  The bartender refused the twenty-second glass. 

###chapter 4
Matteo's POV
 Surprisingly, I wasn't angry and immediately paid it in advance.  In fact, I even moved from my position after completing the transaction at the cashier's desk which was not far from my sitting position.   He staggered around and then found a beautiful girl who also seemed to be very drunk.  I started to be captivated by him and attracted to him.  I got to know him and then took him to play in the room. 
 "Hey Miss, what's your name?"  Without shame, I immediately stabbed the woman. 
 "Do I have to mention it?"
 "Of course."  I pulled her hand so that she was close to my body and even felt her breasts pressed against my chest.  Our faces looked at each other and chatted in one glance which almost made us busy in this unforgettable atmosphere. 
 "I'm Lilianna, just call me Lilianna."  Smiling weakly looking at me.  "You?"  While wrapping both hands around my neck without the slightest shame. 
 "I'm Matteo Bogdan Castello." 
 Had time to chat with unclear topics and seemed to be going here and there.  Until finally we walked into the room and made love tonight with passion and passion that could no longer be contained. 
 "You like?"
 "Yes, of course."
 It's really crazy, I did it with someone I just met.  I even knew him unconsciously.  Won't this add to our future problems?  I mean will I get into new problems if I have a relationship with this woman?
 I no longer care about other bad possibilities that could happen and happen to me.  Obviously, tonight I want to enjoy my confused feelings by making love all night to relieve stress and excessive fear and anxiety regarding my father's behavior in the future.  I'm just mentally preparing and refilling ammunition tonight. 
 Tonight is a night that is hard for me to forget.  I feel pleasure after pleasure tonight.  Even though I was playing with people I had just met and we were even semi-conscious.  But it feels different and I feel that he will be my soul mate in the future.  I don't know why there are thoughts like that in the midst of this almost dull consciousness. 
 Game after game felt very fun and made me very comfortable.  Until sleepiness creeps in at the end of the game.  I started to become completely unconscious and fell asleep in a drowsiness that was really difficult for me to prevent at all.  I don't know what happened to this woman after I became unconscious because I was fast asleep.  But clearly I didn't find him when I woke up from my sleep. 
 "Lilianna?"  I muttered after I got up from my sleeping position and was still sitting on this bed. 
 I smiled lightly after imagining and feeling last night which was full of romance which made me very comfortable. 
 Suddenly I started to wake up and jumped out of bed.  Then immediately put my clothes back on.  Then immediately ran out after making sure I didn't leave any of my things in this room.  I immediately ran after the woman.  I hope he's not far from here and just woke up before I woke up. 
 Yes, it looks like it's him, I started shouting at him but he accelerated his steps without even looking back.  I chased him and we were now in the parking lot.  I held his hand from behind.  Until it made him stop and not continue on his path.  He had difficulty taking another step and instead stood with his back to me who was also standing still facing him. 
 "Why did you leave me alone in the room?"
 He didn't answer my question and was still frozen without making the slightest movement. 
 "What if you are pregnant with my child?"  I spontaneously said that to the woman who was now in front of me.  He immediately turned around as if he was shocked by the words I just said.  Frowning as if asking me to repeat what I said.
 "What if what happened last night made you pregnant?"
"You mean?"
 "Don't pretend you don't understand Lilianna."
 "Huh, do you know my name?"
 "Obviously, last night we got to know each other."
 "Is it true?"  He seemed surprised. 
 Then later denied what I said. 
 "No, I could never be pregnant with your child."
 "Are you sure?"
 "Of course."
 "Yeah, we'll see."
 "You can contact me if it is proven that my words are true. Here is my business card, there is a cell phone contact that you can contact." 
 It's ridiculous that I suddenly gave my business card and contact details to a new person I've known since last night, accidentally and even in a semi-conscious state.  This is really crazy and I don't know what the rest of our story will be like.  I poked at my business card but he looked at my business card without moving at all.  It seemed like he had no intention of taking it.  I immediately put it in his shirt pocket.  Immediately rushed to leave him alone.  He was still standing still when I looked at him for the last time. 
 I just walked away and left him alone in a state where he seemed confused about what to do. 
 I was actually confused about what to do now apart from going home and facing the reality that I would receive from my father later at home.  All the way home I found the image of the woman named Lilianna constantly looming in my mind and made an impression that was difficult for me to shake off.  My thoughts were only focused on him and what happened last night.  Hope there will be a next meeting.  I have the hope of meeting that beautiful woman named Lilianna again.  I think there will be a longer relationship after this.  I don't know why my feelings have become so chaotic like this.  Like being drugged by something really intoxicating.  Is this part of the effects of the drink I drank too much last night?  But it seems like Lilianna really has her own charm that makes it hard for me to forget her even for a moment, who knows in the future.  I found myself paralyzed by feelings that I did not predict beforehand, that this would just appear in a matter of one night.  I was really curious about this woman and felt like I had an inner attachment to her. 
 Now my problems yesterday afternoon began to be distracted by Lilianna's presence in my life.  I'm starting to feel like my problems are not so difficult to face now.  Even though I'm still clearly confused about facing my father in the future. 
 I walked towards the door of my house after arriving in front of my gate using an online taxi.  Trying to get rid of all feelings of anxiety and anxiety.  I hope my father won't make me feel like the stupidest person in the world.  I arrived at the house and found my father waiting for me and welcoming me. 
 "Good, that's just the first experience. Next you will go to the second experience."  While clapping. 
 I don't even understand the meaning of what my father just said.  I frowned and just waited silently for my father to say something more that would make me understand. 
 "Don't think that I will be disappointed and end everything. I will give you a new assignment."  He said to me. 
 "New assignment?"
 "Yes, new assignment."  While smiling, looking straight ahead. 
 Instead of being disappointed and feeling wronged by me.  Dad will actually add to my burden again.  I really don't understand his thoughts. 

###chapter 5
Lilianna's POV 
Sillas, my older brother, got married to the daughter of the Russian Don this week. This was the result of an arranged marriage planned by my father with the parents of my future brother-in-law. It looks like it will soon be my turn for the matchmaking part. My father always made his own choices. After finding out my father was a big part of the mafia, I started to realize that's how he operated. He even controls things concerning his children. The arranged marriage was done to reduce conflicts between them, related to their covert business activities. I suspect I will be matched after my older brother's marriage to the Russian Don's daughter goes smoothly. My father learned about and saw me give birth to a son with uncertain origins.  Maybe they thought that the boy I gave birth to was the result of my relationship with Jeremy Petrov so today I never know his whereabouts after almost a year.  He almost drove me crazy.  Of course, which mother would be willing to have her child hidden away like that?  I have been looking for the whereabouts of my son Callum for the past year.  When he disappeared he was one year old.  So I still closely recognize his face as do the other members of my family, including Sillas. 
 Sillas approached me with an expression that made me confused. 
 "Lilianna, I want to tell you something that I feel is very important to you."
 "What is it? Say it!"
 Every Sunday Sillas and I usually go together to visit the altar.  This time I couldn't be there.  Sillas went alone and said he sat at the back because he almost overslept.  This was because I waited too long to leave but in the end I didn't go. 
 "I thought I saw Callum when I was at the altar earlier."
 "Are you serious? Have you seen my son?"
 My eyes sparkled with hope.  Waiting for the reality that I have longed for to be able to reunite with my son. 
 "Yes, I saw him with an adult man, maybe he was the one who found your son Callum a year ago, I thought so."
 I thought that my father had ordered someone to kidnap my son and give him or even sell him to someone else who wanted to have a child.  Because my father never liked the birth of my son. 
 "Do you know who the man with Callum is?"
 "No, I don't know the man at all. It's just that I saw the name tag on the jacket he was wearing. I didn't dare take the child he was carrying because I was afraid that maybe the child was just a child who looked like Callum."
 "What's that guy's name?"
 "I see Matteo Bogdan."
 I was very surprised to hear that.  So all this time Callum was with his biological father.  Why did it happen?  I don't know, I don't understand why this can happen in such a way. 
 "He was also walking with a young woman who I saw was younger than you, Lilianna. If I guessed it might be his wife or his nanny, I don't know for sure."
 Sillas just walked away, leaving me alone, stuck in a daydream that made me explore all the possibilities regarding the whereabouts of my son, who is now with his biological father. 
 After Sillas spoke like that, I really thought about what he said.  My mind returned to the image of three years ago when I experienced a serene night with that man named Matteo.  I don't know him, it's just that his words have now come true.  That finally I became the mother of his child. 
 I entered that dimension that night.  Where touch after touch still felt warm and so memorable that it made all the hairs on the back of my neck stand up feeling the sensation of that unforgettable night.  Until suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by my memory of the business card he had given me.  I had put it in a drawer in my room in the cupboard.  I immediately got up from my seat and ran to my room to look for the business card.  Perhaps the cellular contact on the business card is still valid today.
 When I got to the room I immediately looked for the business card.  Finally I found it in a worn condition.  The color is no longer contrasting and almost classic after three years have passed and I only keep it in this drawer. 
 "Luckily it's still intact. Hopefully Matteo's cell phone contact is still active."  I'm talking to myself. 
 "What's active?"  Suddenly my father surprised me from behind. 
 Suddenly I was shocked and immediately hid the business card I was holding in my trouser pocket. 
 "What's still active?"  My father repeated the question again. 
I took a deep breath and couldn't think of any way to dodge it.  Now I feel cornered and confused about what to answer my father. 
 "Never mind, forget it, it doesn't seem too important to discuss, I just want to tell you something." 
 After my father spoke like that I can breathe more easily now. 
 "What did you want to tell me, Dad?"
 "At Sillas's wedding, I want to introduce you to someone. The son of my father's business partner. Our relationship is very close. I hope you are willing to do that."
 Without waiting for an answer and readiness from me, my father immediately walked away leaving me.  My father is authoritarian and always imposes his will.  I had guessed that before my father spoke just now.  That it was true that what I had predicted would happen too.  After Sillas, now it was my turn to be the subject of an arranged marriage by my father.  Maybe it will be difficult for me to refuse unless I just follow the flow and then get tricky along the way. 
 After my father left my room, I immediately locked the door from the inside and looked at the business card again.  Then I tried to record Matteo's number without delaying any longer.  I immediately tried to contact Matteo as much as I was curious.  Several people got a call but finally someone picked up and the phone started connecting. 
 Some of them hadn't been picked up yet, until finally Matteo's voice was clearly heard, which I could still recognize. 
 "Hello, is there anything I can help you with? Sorry you called me four times but I can only pick up now. Because I was on the road and driving a car just now."
 I'm out of words and don't know what to say.  Suddenly it becomes out of style and there is only a feeling of uncertainty.  An unclear feeling along with a heartbeat that felt like it was beating very fast. 
 "Hello? Is anyone there?"
 I haven't dared to speak yet. 
 "Hello? I'll hang up if there's no sound."
 Finally I got up the courage to say something.  With a trembling voice I began to express my intention to contact Matteo for the first time. 
 "Is this true with Matteo Bogdan Castello?"  I said his name very fully. 

###chapter 6
Lilianna's POV 
 "Yes, that's right, is there anything I can help you with? Sorry, who are you?"
 "I'm, Lilianna."
 There was silence when I said my name. 
 "Matteo? Are you still there?"
 There was no answer, maybe he didn't want to have any more contact with me or maybe he had forgotten me for a long time since the last meeting three years ago. 
 "Matteo?"
 "Yes, sorry, my son and his nanny just came to me. Yes, what's going on? Sorry, can you repeat who you were with?"
 I swallowed saliva and started talking again. 
 "I'm Lilianna, do you remember me?"
 "Huh? Lilianna, who I had a relationship with at the bar three years ago?"
 "Yes exactly."
 "Why are you only contacting me now?"
 "I just want to ask you something now."
 "What's that?"  His tone sounded very curious. 
 "Is my son with you?"
 "Huh, your son?"
 "Yes my son, Callum."
 "Is Callum my son?"
 When there was no sound, I took a deep breath to reveal the truth that I had never shared with Matteo. 
 "Yes, that's right, what you said at that time came true."
 "So it's true that Callum was my son from our relationship at that time?"
 "Yes, Callum is the result of my relationship with you at the bar three years ago."
 "Can we meet right now?"
 "Where?"
 "In my house."
 "Yes of course, I want to meet my son right now."
 "Yes, okay, later I will send you my complete address via text message so it's easier for you to track it and you don't have to remember it in your mind."
 "Yes, I'll wait, Matteo."
 "Okay, Lilianna."
 Not long after, Matteo sent a text message with his complete current address.  We ended the call and I rushed to his house by driving my own car. 
 Finally I arrived at Matteo's house and was greeted warmly by several of his servants.  And Matteo came holding our son Callum.  I was very surprised and happy to see it.  Finally I was able to see my son again in good condition after being separated for a year.  Our instincts were inseparable and Callum immediately welcomed me with his arms.  I hugged him warmly until he fell asleep in my lap. 
 "Put him to sleep in his room, you accompany him there!"
 "Okay."
I put my son to sleep and looked closely at him on his left side.  A feeling that is difficult for me to explain is that I feel happy to be with my son again. 
 After some time Matteo approached me and started to strike up a conversation with me. 
 "Lilianna, did you immediately become pregnant with Callum?"
 "Yes, of course, I was two or three months late, I forgot. Obviously, it was from the time we had sex in the room at that time. I immediately used a test pack and the result was positive for pregnancy."
 "Is it true?"  He seemed unsure of my explanation and story. 
 "Do you think that I made up stories and lied."
 "Yeah, maybe you're in contact with someone else."
 "No! I only do it with you Matteo, really."
 "Yes, I believe."
 "Yes, thank you if you trust me."
 "Wait! Why did you break up with Callum? Since when?"
 "One year ago, my father ordered someone to separate us. I don't know who the order was. Obviously at that time my father didn't like Callum being next to me. Especially when my father found out that I was pregnant with Callum. My father was really angry."
 "Yes, I understand your father's feelings. I also wouldn't have thought that I would have contact with you that night. It all just happened and at that time I was feeling confused."
 "Yeah, me too, so why are you with Callum? Where did you find him?"
 "I bought it from someone. I bought it from a woman named Beatrice."
 "Huh, that's my aunt, my father's sister."
 "Really?"
 "Yes, it's no wonder my aunt always acted strangely and I hid at my aunt's house since the moment I found out that I was pregnant with your child. I told her all about the dark incident and mentioned your name as the person who is the father of my Callum."
 "Oh, that's appropriate, it looks like Beatrice has planned all this, I mean, she was looking for me after getting information from you. It's true that your father told her to do something bad, but it looks like Beatrice wanted to bring Callum to me. It's just that she structured it in such a way so as not to be impressed by her plan."
 "Yes, that's right, that could be what my aunt meant."
 "Yes, let's just forget about that problem. Obviously now Callum is with us, both of his biological parents. He will also be safe in the care of my cousin named Shopie. She is very painstaking in taking care of Callum even though he is still very young and doesn't have children yet. But his skills  Her ability to care for and take care of children can no longer be doubted."
 "Yes, thank God, I'm happy to hear that. It seems like I'll leave Callum with you at home for the time being. Occasionally I'll come here to see him. Besides, he's more than two years old and he hasn't had breast milk since he was born, he's been doped by me.  Formula milk."
 "Yes, okay then, I will be happy to look after him with me here. Whenever you want to come here, the door to my house is always open for you."
 The servant knocked on the door from outside the room that Matteo had deliberately closed earlier on my orders. 
 "Sir, there are Mr. Anthony and Mr. Louis,"  he shouted from behind the door.
 "Yeah wait a minute, I'll go out to meet him."
 "Okay sir, I'll tell you."
 "Lilianna, looks like I have to go out first to meet my partner."
 "For what business?"  I started to be curious and care about Matteo's activities. 
 "I'm planning revenge on a mafia boss."
 "Huh revenge? On the mafia boss?"
 "Yes, that's right, I'll tell you more later. Now I have to meet my partner first."
 "Okay, be careful Matteo!"  I don't know why I suddenly became very concerned about my son's father. 
 My mind suddenly drifted away to what I had just heard from Matteo.  It turns out that Callum's father is someone who has ties to the mafia.  What exactly is Matteo Bogdan Castello's position?  Is he one of the children of a mafia boss whose last name is Castello too?  Yes, Enzo Castello, I remember that name was mentioned during the shooting tragedy of Jeremy Petrov.  Did Matteo have anything to do with Jeremy and my father's deaths?  I have to find out behind all this.

###chapter 7
Matteo's POV 
After three years had passed, I finally received news via telephone about Lilianna, who had been a part of my life since that night.  In fact, the thing that really surprised me was that someone who was my flesh and blood was now with me and was being looked after by my maternal cousin, Sophie.  I was surprised that what I said was true when I last met Lilianna in the parking lot at the bar after we made love that night.  It could be that Lilianna is my soul mate which has been delayed.  But how can all that come true?  Even though I have a future wife who has been my fiancé for the past four years.  She is Massima Adelina, a beautiful woman of Italian blood.  Even though my father actually didn't agree with me being with her, this time she couldn't prevent it or oppose my decision to ask for her hand. 
 This morning I got a surprising phone call from someone I haven't seen for a long time.  A new number suddenly entered my contacts several times and didn't have time to pick up because I had just arrived home after taking my child and Sophie out to buy something daily necessities for Callum. 
 My phone rang again when I arrived at my room and took off the jacket I was wearing.  I immediately picked it up and without missing a beat.  Because I think people who call more than once have quite serious interests.  So I had to immediately give him the opportunity to convey that valuable message to me. 
 "Hello? Sorry, who is this with? I didn't answer your call earlier because I was driving."
 I heard no sound and only silence greeted my eardrums. 
 "Hello? Is anyone there?"  I greeted her again to make sure that the call had not been disconnected and that she was not the perpetrator of a wrong number or just a prankster who wanted to play a trick on me.
 "May I know who you are? What do you need?"
 "What is this with Matteo Bogdan Castello?"  She said my name very completely. 
 "Yeah right, who are you?"  I feel like I know her distinctive voice.
 "I'm Lilianna."
 Suddenly Sophie came with Callum and asked me to do something for my son because she was having difficulty doing it.  I fulfilled her request, after that she left when I asked her to leave me because I was having business with the person who was calling me. 
 "Hello? Matteo? Are you still there?
 "Sorry, my son and his nanny came to ask me to do something that was causing him a bit of trouble. Can you repeat what your name was? I didn't really hear it."
 "I'm Lilianna."
 I was silent because I remembered that familiar name.  Suddenly I was surprised because she was an important person in my life in the past.  In fact, I lived in curiosity all this time after doing it. 
 "Are you the woman who three years ago slept with me after getting drunk at the bar?"
 "Yeah right, I'm that girl."
 "Are you going to tell me something I don't know?"
 "Of course, I want to ask you something important regarding my future."
 "Huh? What is that? Say it!"
 "Is my child with you?"
 "Huh, your son?" 
 "Yes, my son Callum, is he with you now?"
 Shocked beyond words, I tried to confirm again by continuing to ask the truth of this reality. 
 "Is Callum also my son?"
 "Yes, I've had him since we played at the bar that time."
 "Are you right?"
 "Yes I'm serious, Matteo."
 A big thing that I didn't expect at all.  Even though I adopted Callum a year ago, when I saw him being picked up by a woman named Beatrice.  I felt sorry and somehow my inner self was interested in buying and penetrating Callum at that moment.   It turns out that there is indeed a strong emotional bond between the child and the biological father.  There is an energy of mutual attraction.  Until finally Lilianna contacted me for the first time since the incident took place.  It was only in this third year that I found his voice on the telephone. 
 "Can we meet?"
 "Sure, I want to meet Callum, my son."
 "Yes, come here and tell me everything that happened! OK, I'll send you my complete address via text message so you can easily track it and get here."
 "Yes, I've received the text message. I'll go to your house right now."
 "I will wait."
 The phone was hung up. 
 Some time after the phone was hung up and I was waiting for her arrival, now she arrived at my house. I deliberately ordered all my servants to be friendly and welcome her with joy.  Because she is the mother of my child.  I carried Callum and when Lilianna stood in front of me I felt that she was still the same beautiful as before and had not changed, still looking youthful after three years had passed and she had been pregnant and given birth to a child. 
 "Did I see correctly?"
 "Yes, I'm Lilianna, Callum's mother. Come here, son!"  While opening her arms wide and bowing to welcome Callum. 
 Even though they have been separated for a year and are still very small, Callum still remembers the figure of his mother.  He responded to his mother's welcome by hugging his mother tightly and then Lilianna got up and took my child in her arms. 
 Callum was so comfortable in his mother's arms.  Until he fell asleep.  I also told him to put my child to sleep in his room while accompanied by his mother. 
 Meanwhile I picked up the telephone that my servant had given me.  It turned out to be an important call from my colleagues Anthony and Louis.  Since the incident, my father gave me a second assignment after I failed in the first assignment until I lost my best friend Pasha, now I have started to enter into the dark business that my father Enzo has also been involved in for a long time.  I was part of it and was announced as the next mafia boss. 
 After finishing talking with my colleague, I hung up the phone and started going into the room to meet my son and his mother.  I had time to talk to Lilianna about the conflicts that occurred in our respective lives from the moment the incident started until Callum was finally separated from his mother and is now in my hands as his biological father.  It turns out that Lilianna hasn't married yet even though she already has a child from me. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Sir, there are Mr. Anthony and Mr. Louis."

###chapter 8
Matteo's POV
 "Yeah, let's say wait a minute, I'll meet him right now."
 After saying goodbye to my child's mother and even telling me about the problems I would face, I left, leaving the two of them in the room.  It's stupid of me to tell strangers important things.  Yes, after all, Lilianna is a stranger who I only met for one night, three years ago.  But I feel like I've known her for a long time and I feel like she has become the most important and very valuable part of my life. 
 "You guys arrived really fast."
 "Yes, as usual, Anthony pulled out his steering move."
 "That's good, do you guys understand and understand the task we are going to tackle now?"
 "Can you explain in more detail?"
 "So soon Alessio will hold a wedding party for his son and the Russian Don's son. We and my father certainly have a close relationship with Alessio, don't we? But it looks like Alessio is starting to commit treason by making peace with Vlad Petrov. In fact, to defuse the latent war he will marry his first son, who  named Sillas with the Russian Don's daughter named Aelita Petrov. Of course our job is to make everything chaotic on Sillas and Aelita's wedding day. Moreover, this is about the heirs of the Alessio family  Even though he was able to become a big mafia boss with abundant wealth thanks to help from my father Enzo Castello, of course you have known that for a long time, right?  last year."
 "Yes, I hope our plan will run smoothly and there will be no obstacles so that our mission can get significant and satisfying results."  Anthony said.
 "We will unite our forces to destroy Alessio, the traitor and our biggest enemy, Don Russia."  Louis added. 
 "Okay, I'll say goodbye to someone first and give my son a final impression today. You guys wait here for a moment. After that we immediately go to the basement to develop a strategy and then go straight to the casino to meet some of our colleagues who have the same vision and mission.  It's the same as us to finalize plans to disrupt Sillas and Aelita's sacred wedding day."
 "Yes, okay, you are waiting here."  Louis said.
 I immediately walked and rushed into the room where my son and Lilianna were his mother. 
 Knocked on the door softly so she wouldn't be surprised when I entered the room. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Can I come in?"
 "Yes, come in!"
 I came out from behind the door and found my child being looked at by his mother while his head was being stroked gently. 
 "I have to leave immediately to carry out my mission."
 "Where to?"
 "To the Casino."
"Yes, be careful there, take good care of yourself and leave Callum to my business. Focus your thoughts on things that support the safety of you and your group."
 "Yes, of course, I'm entrusting my child to you and if you wish, you can stay here for a while until I come back and can look after Callum again. But if you can't accompany Callum for the next few days then put the responsibility on Shopie. I'll call him  now so you can get to know him."
 I immediately called Sophie, who had said goodbye to going home first.  Shopie picked up my phone and I immediately told her to come here.
 "What's wrong, Matteo? Is Callum looking for me?"
 "Shopie, can you come here right now, I have something important to do. Don't delay, come quickly!"
 "Okay Matteo, I'll be there right now."
 The phone was hung up and while waiting for Shopie we had time to chat and discuss quite serious things about the status of our relationship. 
 "Lilianna, why haven't you gotten married yet?"
 She was silent without being able to answer my question. 
 "Lilianna, say it! Why?"
 "I'm not ready to get married."
 "Not because of me?"
 "Huh because of you?"
 "Yes, me."
 Lilianna smiled faintly.
 "No Matteo, I just feel empty since my lover left forever. He was shot alive in front of my eyes until his life could not be saved and he died in a tragic and pathetic situation. Plus I'm not ready to bring someone into my life to be my companion.  Because Callum's presence is a strong reason. I'm worried that new people won't be able to accept Callum's presence among us."
 "So if that's the case then it means you won't get married forever."
 Lilianna frowned and was surprised by my words. 
 "Not really, I will get married until I find the right time and find the right person to be Callum's continued father. I don't want to be separated from my child anymore."  While then kissing Callum's forehead and hugging him tightly.  Until finally Callum woke up.
 "Nom.."
 "My son."  Hug her tightly.
 "Looks like you're awake too darling, daddy expects you to wake up."  I approached Lilianna who started to get up and held Callum standing.  Then, after being in front of the two of them, I kissed my son's forehead. 
 Suddenly the sound of a knock on the door and the call of my servant startled us and disrupted the harmonious family atmosphere instantly. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Sir, Miss Sophie has arrived."
 "Yes, tell her to come here into the room!"
 "Yes, sir!"
   Not long after, the knock on the door was heard again. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Matteo, I'm Shopie!"
 "Yes, come in!"
 Suddenly Sophie came out from behind the door and stood facing us.
 "Come here! I want to introduce you to someone important."
 Shopie walked towards us with a questioning expression. 
 "This is Callum's biological mother."
 "What do you mean? Your wife?"
 "No! No! Not yet."  Spontaneously I spoke like this. 
 "Huh, not yet?"  Suddenly Lilianna was surprised to hear that. 
 "It's not coming in, is it."  I corrected it immediately.
 "Oh." 
 "You know that I've never been married at all, Sophie."
 "Yeah, so what?"
 "It's a long story, next time I'll tell you everything."
 "Okay."
 "In the next few days I have an important assignment. So look after Callum here and work together with Lilianna!"
 "Should I stay here?"
 "Of course."
 "Okay, I'll go home first to prepare my equipment while I'm here."
 "Yes, I have to go now because Anthony and Louis have been waiting for me all this time. You guys stay here, look after my Callum, okay?"
 I then kissed Callum's forehead again and left, leaving Lilianna and Sophie and my son Callum the three of us in the room. 
 Walked and walked away with a feeling that it was actually a bit heavy because she had to leave Callum.  In fact, I feel that I am starting to feel afraid now because the presence of children is the reason for me to be successful in my mission.  I can't lose, let alone be caught by my enemy.  So that I can go home safely and reunite with Callum and Lilianna in good condition.  I have a precious person now as a reason to stay with me and take care of her. 

###chapter 9
Matteo's POV 
I walked towards Anthony and Louis after finishing my business saying goodbye to Lilianna, Shopie and checking on my child's condition for the last time today.  Because I will spend several days with them, especially I will really miss my child.  So the sun on the forehead is a release for longing that never existed. 
 Now I'm in front of Anthony and Louis.  Immediately took them to the basement and made sure everything was safe in my house.  I took him to a closed room in one of the rooms in my house.  A mysterious room that no one is allowed to enter.  I opened the slot by turning it after entering the room.  The cupboard finally moved and opened the way for us to go downstairs.  There are stairs here and we went down these stairs one by one.  Until finally we arrived at the bankers which was safe enough for us to discuss here discussing the strategy that we would announce to our group who were ready to help on the front line.  In the core group there are only three of us who always make plans and work around it while the others help in the execution process. 
 "So what kind of strategy will you share with us, Matteo?"
 "Well, later I will infiltrate the building and be an invited guest."
 "How did you get in? To be able to enter the invitation, there must be an invitation card or barcode that must be shown. Moreover, in the class of Russian Don Vlad Petrov, he must have prepared a sophisticated invitation concept and have a tightly guarded security system."  Anthony protested.
 "That can be arranged, I've studied everything before I broke the news to you two."
 "Okay, next?"  Louis asked.
 "Next, you and Anthony will stand guard outside and bring in the troops in code after I succeed in shooting the groom or Sillas."
 "Wow, are you going to finish off Alessio's kid?"
 "Of course, not only Sillas but there are also those I am targeting to kill. Because my concept is to make the Russian Don's daughter crazy so that there is no heir. Because Vlad Petrov's only child is Aelita Petrov after the death of his first child, Jeremy Petrov, three years ago.  "
 "Alright, let's set up the formation immediately!"  Bring Anthony.
 We immediately created an attack formation scheme to make it more structured and focused.  So that our mission can be easily and smoothly successful and produce results according to our hopes and desires. 
 After that, my two friends and I immediately went to the casino to meet other mafias from our group who were ready for this attack mission.  Previously I trusted Louis to arrange a meeting schedule and invited everyone to come today to the casino.  When we arrived at the casino we explained what the three of us had arranged at my house.  Everyone understands and it takes days for us to be in the casino and at the same time practicing like a dress rehearsal. 
 After finishing a mission to meet between my group at the casino for an attack later on the Russian Don's daughter's wedding, I returned home and met Liliana, Shopie and Callum.  Thankfully they are awake and fine. 
 When I got home I was immediately greeted warmly by my little family.  Huh, small family?  No!  Not yet, I mean, I only have children biologically but are not yet sacredly bound by the bonds of marriage which are often carried out at the altar with the priest. 
 After having time to chat in the family room and playing around in the garden accompanying Callum who wanted to play on the swings, suddenly Lilianna said goodbye to go home. 
 "Matteo?"
 "Yes Liliana, what's wrong? Say it!"
 "I think I have to go home after being here for a while. Because my father could find out where I am, who suddenly disappeared without any news since I came here. I'm worried that my father suspects me."
 "Okay, I can't stop you from staying here, Lilianna. Although it looks like Callum will feel very disappointed when you're not around. He will ask me and Shopie about your whereabouts later. But don't worry, I'll try to handle everything. Leave Callum to me,  as long as you don't get in trouble with your father."
 "Thank you for understanding Matteo, even though it's really hard to leave Callum, I'm afraid that if I take Callum home with me there will be big problems. I'm worried that Dad will mess with Callum or that I'll lose Callum again for a long time.  even forever. I don't want that to happen."  I explain according to the deepest content of my heart.
 "Yeah I thought about that too."
 "Okay Matteo, I'll go home straight away."
 "Yes, let me take you to the garage."
I walked with Lilianna to the garage where she kept the car she used to get here a few days ago.  Meanwhile, Callum is still playing in the park accompanied by Sophie.  I deliberately didn't bring Lilianna with me because I was worried that Callum would cry when his mother's car drove away from him. 
 When we got to the front of Lilianna's car, I saw that the rear tire was flat and I told her. 
 "Lilianna, it looks like the back tire of your car is flat. It looks like it was hit by a nail, I think for sure the inner tire was also punctured."
 "Where?"  Looked at the rear tires of her car. 
 "Yeah, you're right, Matteo. So what should I do now?"
 "Em, it's best to keep your car here for now. I'll take it to the repair shop later to change the tires."
 "Then how do I get home?"
 "Just let me take you."
 "Isn't it troublesome?"
 "No, just relax."
 "Okay then, thank you in advance Matteo for agreeing to take me home. Since it's a blackout and there's no cell phone signal, I can't order a taxi online. So I'll take your offer so I can go home now."
 "Let's go!"  I took Lilianna to my car and we got into it then I drove the car after I started the engine. 
 The car was driving casually and suddenly in the middle of the road someone was stalking my car and blocked the car we were traveling in. 
 "Unlucky."  My hands hit the steering wheel quite hard. 
 Lilianna just looked at me with an unusual expression and started to feel uneasy when the person blocking the car forced us out of the car. 
 "Come on, get out! Otherwise we will burn your car." 
 I was actually just worried about Lilianna.
 "God damn it."  I said spontaneously. 
 "Okay, Lilianna, you wait in the car and hide so that they don't see and find you. You just lock the key from the inside so that it's safe in this car, no one can get in."
 "But,  Matteo..."
 "That's it, just do it!"

###chapter 10
Matteo's POV 
 I immediately got out of the car and started fighting off the attacks of several people who were trying to attack me in a gang. 
 I started to show off my self-defense skills.  Luckily I always carry sharp weapons and firearms which I always keep or tuck under my clothes.  They pointed a gun at me.  I started to raise my hands when they instructed me to raise both hands.  I haven't taken out my weapon on purpose.  It seems like they are innocent and just kidding subordinates.  They didn't realize that I was carrying two types of weapons that I could attack one of them at any time. 
 After I was attacked and a big fight broke out.  I repel all attacks using weapons or not.  Until finally I was knocked out surrounded and held at gunpoint.
 "Raise your hands!"
 I tried to just go along with their flow.  Instantly my hand was skilled.  I took the knife that was under my jacket and quickly opened the lid then I threw it at one of them to trick the opponent.  After they were fooled, I immediately took out my gun and used it.  Until some of them started to get overwhelmed by my actions.  I can play it perfectly.  Until they lay helpless.  One of them even caught the knife that I was throwing earlier.  It turns out my throw was right on target.  Among them there were also people whose legs or arms were hit by ammunition from the gun I was aiming and my nails shot at the opposing party. 
 "Come on, confess, whose orders were you?"
 No one wants to make a single sound.  Until I threatened them with force with my actions which made them feel scared and clearly in pain.  It's quite scary, my actions this time were a bit wild. 
 "Come on, tell me! Are you the Russian Don's men?"
 "Eeee... Yes, that's right, we are the Russian Don's men..."
 "Where do you hand over your cell phones?"
 "What is the matter?"
 "I just want to make sure that you guys are telling me the truth right now."
 I forcibly snatched the cell phone from one of them's pocket.  Now they can't fight me because they are weak and injured. 
 I immediately looked for Don's Russian contact.  Then copied it on my cell phone dashboard.  I put it in my contacts and sent it to Anthony and Louis.  After finishing I used my opponent's cell phone to call his boss.  I deliberately called through his subordinate's contacts so he could receive my call. If I used my contacts it would be detected by the cyber system he installed via an application on his cellphone. 
 For this reason, I used his subordinate's cell phone so that he picked up my call and we could talk on the phone.  I can't wait to say something to him. 
It seemed like the Russian Don was waiting for this call from his men.  He wanted to immediately get good news from the results of his men's hard work attacking me.  But this time he was wrong, I was the one who killed his men one by one until they lay almost helpless and were no longer able to fight me even if I hacked their cell phone. 
 "Hello, how is it? What good news will I get now?"  With full confidence he expected more from his subordinates.  Even though his subordinates were really very poor and they didn't even have anything.  I really rate their martial arts skills and their use of weapons at a rate of three tenths.  What an embarrassing number for a mafia.  Hmm... what kind of mafia are they?  A group that is incompetent in killing just one life.  Even though there were five of them while I was alone against their attacks. 
 "Hello?"
 He seemed busy with thoughts that were starting to force him to win. 
 "Hey Russian Don, Vlad Petrov."
 "Hey, who are you?"  he asked panicked. 
 "Don't you recognize my voice?"  I'm playing with him more and more on the phone.  This is a golden opportunity to terrorize him so that he feels uneasy and starts to get restless. 
 "Genovese, try this, it's not my subordinate's voice. It looks like his cellphone has been hijacked by someone or perhaps our enemy. Because I don't recognize his voice."  Vlad heard a rumor from his colleague beside him. 
 It seems that around the Russian Don there is now Vlad.  The Russian don I mean is Vlad Petrov.  Don is a nickname or title for the leader of the biggest Mafia in Russia.  As for the Genovese Family, it also seems like they want to play games with me.  I think this is a matter of dividing areas of power that are used for business.  He has been in the BS alliance for quite a long time.  He seems to be part of the Russian Don's right hand man.  I really can't forgive this anymore.  I will immediately disband their alliance and completely turn everything back to zero.  In any case, I will not let them still join together in one large, strong group and become fierce capitalists in Russia.  In fact, their business has now spread and is collaborating with the Italian Mafia. 
 Now there is the added issue of Alessio joining their camp.  This will really threaten the Castello family business, especially my father, who will suffer huge losses this year and the following years if I continue to let this run rampant. 
 This is a matter of dividing power in business areas.  We, the Enzo Castello family, will experience a decline in expansion and our business area will experience a narrowing if this happens.  Our business colleagues will gradually become interested in joining the Russian Dons.  Meanwhile, the increasingly narrowing area will clog the pace of marketing targets and the target market will experience a significant decline.  This cannot be allowed to drag on.  If there is no accident, in the near future we will experience a lot of losses and could go bankrupt. 
 I started saying sentences that made him even more anxious. 
 "Listen to this! Blood must be paid for with blood!"
 Immediately the phone was hung up quickly from there. 
 It seemed like the Russian Don was starting to feel threatened and didn't know what to answer so he just hung up the phone so he wouldn't hear any more horrible words coming out of my mouth. 
 After this I immediately threw the cell phone at the owner and then got into my car.  Lilianna opened it from the inside.  I started my car once I was inside.  Speeded up and left them just like that.  I saw that the expression on Lilianna's face looked a little scared to see me now.  It seemed like she witnessed a lot of things happening outside the car earlier.  I didn't have time to say anything after getting into the car and just focused on driving the car with full concentration.   Maybe another time I will explain it. 

###chapter 11
Lilianna's POV
Several nights I was at Matteo's house with Shopie to look after and look after my son Callum.  Until today, Matteo finally came home from the casino after half of his work was done.  I suspect that Matteo is not just anyone.  With what he said to me a few days ago when he was leaving with his partner to the casino.  I suspect that Matteo is a mafia who has quite strong influence in Moscow. 
 "Oh, daddy's home."  Sophie said to Callum who was in her lap. 
 I saw Matteo walking towards us and with his sweet smile as if he had been missing his son for days.  He approached us and arrived in front of me.  He kissed Callum's forehead and made Callum smile at him and then wanted to sit on his lap.  Matteo also warmly welcomed Callum and took him on his lap. 
 "You came too, I thought you wouldn't be coming home today."
 "I've finished my business so I can go home. How has Callum been these past few days? Is he safe?"
 "Of course, he looked very happy with my presence here. Even though he asked several times where his father was. But I answered that father was working and that he would be home soon. He didn't mind that and continued playing happily and happily."
 "Good, thank goodness then. I'm relieved to hear that he's fine after not being with him for a few days, feeling less calm and thinking all the time."
 "Just relax Matteo, he is safe with me, his mother."
 "Yes, thank you, Lilianna, for being willing to stay here at my house for days."
 "Yes, that's no problem, for my son, Callum, my baby."  I smiled and looked at my son who was being held on his father's lap. 
 "Okay, looks like I have to go home immediately. I'm worried that father is suspicious of me."
 "Yes, okay, let me take you to the garage. Oh yes, I'll leave Callum to play here with you."
 "Yeah that's done, leave Callum to me."
 After we spent time playing in the garden around Matteo's yard, Matteo started leading me to the garage where I parked my car.  When we arrived at the parking lot, I found that my car tire was flat after Matteo told me and made me aware of it.  I almost used my car carelessly.  If that happens then I could experience big problems in the middle of the road or even have a fatal accident on the road with this car's faulty condition.  But I don't know why my car tires suddenly burst.  Maybe it's time because I haven't had it serviced for a long time. 
 With that, Matteo offered me to go home with him in his car.  I was also willing because the lights were out and there was no internet access to order a taxi online.  Likewise, I couldn't call my father's driver or my brother, Sillas to pick me up here.  Because it is very dangerous for the secret that I am hiding.  If anyone finds out that I am here and with Matteo and Callum, our relationship will be seriously threatened.  Even my child's safety will be at stake.  For this reason, I entrusted Callum to his biological father to be raised by him and assisted by his cousin named Shopie. 
 "Want me to take you? That's if you don't mind and are willing to take me."
 "Yes, but maybe not to the front of the house because I'm afraid it will attract suspicion. Moreover, my number plate will be easy to trace if you take me to the front of my house. My father is quite a scary person."
 "How scary is your father?"
 "You don't need to know and don't let yourself have anything to do with him."
 "Umm, never mind, then come on."
 Matteo invited me to ride in his car.  We sat next to each other at the front.  But throughout the journey there was no conversation between us.  I understand that.  Because Matteo was still tired, it seemed because he had just arrived after he had been doing his work for days outside the house.  Although I don't know what he's doing out there.  It is beyond my right to know Matteo's personal activities because Matteo is not in the slightest and not at all tied to me for any reason, he is nobody, I am just the biological father of my child.  So I don't have to be curious about his life further. 
 Besides, Matteo and I don't really know each other.  We've only met twice.  Now and three years ago when everything had just started until Callum was among us.  Thus, I still feel really awkward about Matteo, but I dare to communicate only because we are bound by the existence of our child.  So throughout the journey I let Matteo focus on the wheel without disturbing me at all and I chatted with him. I also don't have any fun topics to discuss with him right now.  So I turned my gaze to the cell phone that I was currently holding, looking for something that could be entertainment on my cell phone. 
 Until in the middle of the journey I felt shocked because suddenly the car we were traveling in was suddenly chased by a car that I didn't recognize.  The car we were traveling in almost hit a pole, but Matteo managed to drive the car skillfully so we ended up safe.  But the car kept chasing us and was finally able to block our road ahead.  So we had difficulty passing because we were intercepted. 
 "Damn!"
 "Matteo, do you recognize them?"
   Matteo didn't answer my question and he told me to stay put until he finished dealing with everything himself.  I saw five men with stocky bodies and all black clothes getting out of the car that was blocking our car.
 They forced Matteo to get out of the car right now.  Matteo got out and left me alone in this car.  I felt traumatized by this similar incident that happened to me and Jeremy three years ago while in front of that restaurant.  I closed my eyes every now and then because I felt horrified, especially when Matteo performed martial arts actions which I saw were quite impressive.  It turns out he is also good at self-defense.  But this still makes me feel anxious because Matteo's chances of winning against five people with firearms are slim.  Meanwhile I saw Matteo fighting with only his bare hands without a weapon in his hand. 
 At this moment an astonishing scene occurred before my eyes.  I saw it behind the car window, peeking a little but everything looked very clear.  Where Matteo was ambushed by five people at the same time, held at gunpoint and surrounded without the slightest opportunity to dodge.  I started to feel restless and uneasy, nervous and uncertain. 

###chapter 12
Lilianna's POV 
Something unexpected happened suddenly.  When Matteo is really in danger.  I never thought that he would suddenly take out a knife from under his jacket.  Then he threw the knife he was holding at one of the attackers.  Until the knife managed to hit the target's cheek.  After everyone there started to get confused, I was surprised when Matteo took out a gun and fired in several directions and managed to hit the target.  About the five people who attacked him are now lying weak due to wounds on one of their bodies.  I don't know what they were talking about outside because it was soundproof here and no sound could be heard from outside. 
 I just saw Matteo snatch a cell phone belonging to one of them.  Matteo also took out his cell phone and then seemed to be calling someone not long after.  When he was finished he just walked past them and then got into the car.  I didn't even dare to reprimand or ask him.  There was just a tense atmosphere between us in this car, especially when the car was moving.  Finally I arrived and throughout the journey there was no conversation.  I asked to get off at the flyover which is not far from my house.  Deliberately coming down here so as not to be caught by anyone, including my father's spies from his subordinates. 
 "Just in front!"
 "Okay."  There were no protests or questions, Matteo simply fulfilled my request. 
 Today passed after I got home and slept as usual tonight.  Luckily my father wasn't at home.  It looks like he is having business activities outside the house.  Luckily I wasn't bothered by my father's often deadly questions. 
 The night passed quickly, my thoughts were on Callum.  I want to meet him today.  Early in the morning after breakfast I called Matteo and wanted to come to his house.  Matteo was also happy to welcome me to his house this morning.  Without long, I immediately went to Matteo's house.  Until I arrived at his house and I was greeted by the smile of my son Callum.  It felt peaceful and he called me enthusiastically while running towards my position.  I welcomed him and kissed my son on his left and right cheeks. 
 "Already eaten?"
 He shook his head, because it was still too early.  I came here too early because my mind kept thinking about Callum.  So that forced my body to go straight here. 
 "Let's make breakfast!"  Invite Matteo to be enthusiastic about me and his son. 
 We also enthusiastically rushed to the kitchen.  Now we look like a small family full of happiness and very harmonious. Even though Matteo and I are not in any relationship, let alone marriage.  But thanks to Callum's presence, we are very close and even like a married couple raising children with love and gender roles as a father and a mother.  We are so united in raising Callum.  Until Callum actually looks very happy.  Even though he didn't quite understand the situation his parents were experiencing.  I really feel like I have sinned against Callum and haven't been able to make amends to him.  Maybe Matteo also feels and thinks this. 
 I see that Matteo is very skilled at forcing things.  It turns out he is not only good at martial arts.  But he also has other skills, namely cooking skills.  I was quite impressed with his skills which deserved a thumbs up.  I think he is a man who, like men in general, upholds patriarchy towards women.  But the reality is not that he is truly independent and does not differentiate between women's work and men's work.  I felt fascinated when I saw his style of cooking.  He seems cool and quite interesting.  It turns out that Matteo looks handsome too.  It seemed like he had finished cooking and was now serving food in large containers to be brought to the dining table.  Meanwhile Callum and I had been waiting at the dining table while Matteo cooked.
  While accompanying Matteo because the distance between the dining table and the kitchen is not far.  So I can occasionally pay attention to Matteo's movements by stealing glances without Matteo knowing.  Because if Matteo caught me watching him, I would be very embarrassed because I was caught.  Matteo came towards us carrying food served in a container that he carried in both hands. 
 "Taraaaaa... Done, let's eat!"
 Plates, glasses, spoons, forks and knives have been available here for a long time.  I had time to organize it.  Here the drinks brought from the refrigerator are ready on the dining table. 
 "Want to sit near, daddy."  Callum said.
 "Come here!"
 I helped Callum get down from the chair next to me and moved him to the chair near Matteo right next to him.  I returned to my original seat.  I had the chance to see Matteo and Callum, it turned out that if I looked closely at the closeness of Callum and Matteo, they were very similar and very handsome.  I was amazed at the beauty of the two of them and started to get lost in crazy fantasies.  Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted when the telephone rang, the sound came from Matteo's cell phone which he kept in his trouser pocket. 
 Even though I had time to think about how Matteo could be sure that Callum was his biological child.  Even though they have never had a DNA test.  But Matteo seemed to be completely sure that Callum was his baby from his sperm.  Even though at the beginning of the conversation he accused me of playing crazy with other men.  He initially seemed a little doubtful about Callum's status as his biological son.  Even though it is true that Callum is real flesh and blood.
 "That's your cell phone ringing, vibrating. Looks like someone is trying to call you."
 "Yes, let me pick you up first, wait here for a moment, then we'll eat together, don't go anywhere yet! Keep Callum here!" 
 "Okay, Matteo."  I didn't say much more because it seemed like the call was very important so Matteo walked a little away from my position.  I just left him like that and didn't look at him so he wouldn't feel disturbed.  But I still hear his voice when he answers the phone. 
 "Hello, Anthony? What's wrong with you calling me so early in the morning?"  Looks like a very serious person. 
 There seemed to be no sound from there.  So Matteo changed the setting to loud speaker.
 Bang bang bang.
 A gunshot was heard from inside the phone. 
 "Anthony?"
 Matteo seemed to be starting to panic.  

###chapter 13
Lilianna's POV 
I just focused on my son Callum when Matteo was answering the phone call he got from Anthony's contact, that's what I heard.  Because Matteo mentioned Anthony's name repeatedly.  The name was familiar because Matteo had mentioned it a few days ago when he was going to the casino.  It seems like Matteo and the person named Anthony have a very close relationship.  Whether as a business partner or friend.  I don't know and don't want to know more about many things about Matteo's personal affairs. 
 "Anthony? What happened?"  Matteo looked panicked and started to change his expression to become erratic.  He called while pacing like an iron.  Because he was so restless, one of his hands wouldn't stop moving. 
 Bang bang bang.
 There was another continuous sound of gunfire.  It seems like there is chaos behind the cell phone.  I mean Anthony is in danger. 
 Matteo hung up the phone and started to come back towards me while shouting for Shopie. 
 "Shopieeee... Shopieeee...."
 Sophie approached Matteo hastily. 
 "What's wrong Matteo, you called me while shouting like that?"
 "You stay here with Lilianna and take good care of Callum! I have something to go out first."
 "But Matteo, I have to go home first because I have urgent matters at home. My mother called me to go home first. Maybe I will come here again if possible in the afternoon or tomorrow morning."
 "Em... Can't it be cancelled?"
 "No way, Matteo."
 "Well that's that then."
 Matteo left Shopie and started to approach me and told me to stay here until it was time for Matteo to come back to this house. 
 "Em... Lilianna, you look after Callum here, I have some business to go out first."
 "Yeah go, Callum is safe with his mother."  I smiled faintly.
 I saw that Matteo froze and opened his cell phone to enter someone's contact, whether on an application or website, he could track on GPS the location and location of the owner of the contact.  It looks like Matteo is confirming Anthony's whereabouts now.  It didn't take long for him to succeed and was still standing still in front of us, not far from the dining table. 
 "Honey, please continue eating! Dad will go first, Callum will be nice to mom here, okay?"  Rubbed his son's head gently then kissed his forehead and immediately left us.  Matteo immediately rushed out of the house and heard that a few minutes later his car engine was starting and it seemed like he was driving fast. 
 "Lilianna, I'm going home first. I hope Callum is fine with you here. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to let go of my responsibility in looking after Callum. But my mother has been waiting for me for a long time. I'm going somewhere to  I'm attending an important event with my mother. So I hope you stay here with my Callum until Matteo or I come back here, okay?"
 "Don't worry, Sophie, you don't need to worry. Callum will be safe with me, I'm his mother and I'll leave all of Callum's affairs to me. Go on and hopefully you'll always be awake."
 "Yes Lilianna, thank you for your understanding and hopes. Hopefully everything will come true and each of us will be fine, whether it's me, you and Callum and Matteo. Even though we are in different places, I hope we are still safe."
 I smiled at Shopie and Shopie smiled back at me. 
 "Then I'll go home now okay."
 "Yes, please."
 Sophie immediately rushed out.  I feel strange now being in someone else's house.  But even so, Callum can be a quiet solace for me.  We continued our eating activities which had been stopped.  I thought to myself that it was a shame that Matteo hadn't had time to eat breakfast.  I mean he only ate two bites.  Someone suddenly called him and then had to go out for an unpredictable amount of time until the end. 
 I finished eating and now it's my turn to help Callum finish his meal.  Earlier Callum asked not to be helped and he felt he could eat with his own hands without needing help from his mother as an adult.  But now I see that the way he eats is not good.  So I decided to help him finish eating. 
 "Do you need help, son?"
 Callum nodded and pushed the plate in front of him towards me by moving it. 
 "Okay, come here, mom, help me so you can eat quickly, okay?"
 I also fed Callum and I wanted to feed Callum.  Several mouthfuls went into his mouth.  But suddenly he refused to open his mouth again when I shoved a spoon filled with food into his mouth. 
 "Stop it..."
 "Callum full?"
 "Yes."  While nodding. 
"Okay, let's have a drink first."  I gave him a drink and pushed the glass to his mouth.  Callum drank very enthusiastically. 
 After a few minutes I asked him to go upstairs to his bedroom.  I want to invite him to play with robots in his room first.  Because I had just finished eating, I was worried that my stomach would still feel full if I went straight to bed.  Because it's starting to be noon, this is the time for Callum to get regular with his nap schedule so he still feels fresh and napping for children is good for brain development. 
 "Dear Callum, let's play with robots in the room!"  Take me gently to him. 
 "Come on."  He was so enthusiastic and very enthusiastic. 
 "Okay, Mom, put Callum downstairs first, okay?"
 I lifted Callum's waist to help him get off the chair. 
 "Hiyyaaaa, my master of flying and landing."
 "Ha ha ha ha."  He laughed so loudly and seemed very happy. 
 "Let!"  I took his hand and we started walking towards the stairs of this house. 
 "Let's walk Callum, don't carry him all the time."
 "Yes."  While nodding. 
 He was beside me and we walked side by side.  Until we were in front of the first step.  I positioned Callum in front of me so that he would be monitored and not fall when climbing these stairs one by one.  He was willing and started walking while jumping.
 "Eh, don't jump up and down! You'll fall."
 He obeyed my words and started walking normally, taking one step at a time from one step to another above him. 
 "I iam very tired, ma'am."  Stop at the top five steps almost to the end.  His legs are straightened and his body is bent while his hands are placed on his knees.  His breathing was irregular and he was panting with exhaustion. 
 "Just a little longer, come on, Mom!"
 He got up again and stood straight, then continued his steps.  Until finally we arrived at the second street of this house. 

###chapter 14
Lilianna's POV 
 "It's finally here. Yeee... Callum is a great kid."  I appreciated his persistence by giving my son a round of applause. 
 He smiled and joined in clapping happily and very excitedly.  I feel happy to see him smiling and happy like this.  After one year, I was separated from the baby I gave birth to from my own womb.  I lowered my body and bent over and looked at Callum closely when we were facing each other.  Then I hugged Callum tightly.  But he rejected it and rebelled.
 "Ugh, what's wrong with Mom, it's hot."
 I let go of my hug and teased Callum.
 "Why is your child like that?"  While pinching his cheeks, he was very excited. 
 "Mommy..."  He rebelled against wanting me to be spoiled. 
 "Okay, let's go to our room!"  I got up from my current position and demanded Callum again then walked towards his room. 
 "We're here."  I opened the door to his room slowly and we entered Callum's room as usual. 
 There was nothing strange in Callum's room, it was still as usual.  He asked me to get his robots and some toys on the table.  Because he felt he couldn't reach it because it was still too short. 
 "That mother."  While pointing at the guns. 
 "This?"  I held it and asked him to make sure this was what he wanted me to get. 
 "Yes, that's a gun."
 I took it and gave it to Callum. 
 "This."  Then rubbed his head gently. 
 "Callum wants to be a sniper, right? Want to be good at shooting?"
 "Yes, Mom."  Smile. 
 "Bang bang bang... Mom, watch it, raise your hands."
 "Oh, please."  I complied with his request to raise my hand. 
 I pretended to fall and the story died because Callum shot me. 
 "Yeah, I lost."
 Suddenly I woke up again and startled him
 "Aaaaaa Mom, I am shocked."  While holding his chest with his right hand..
 "Hahahahaa..." I laughed and felt annoyed with him.
 He hit me.
 "Mom"
 "That's it! That's it! I begs forgiveness."
 He hit me even worse.
 Until finally he might have felt it and slowly his eyes began to dim.  Finally Callum fell asleep in my lap.  I held him for a long time and now I will move him to the bed so he can sleep comfortably. 
 We've reached bed.  I put him to sleep and I stayed with Callum beside him.  Lie down and look at his face, which really resembles Matteo.  I didn't even think that I would get a child from Matteo, someone I didn't know at all.  In fact, he is very strange in my life.  I didn't expect that my decision to step foot into the bar would produce results like this.  I have children even though I have never been married at all.  But this is the path of life and fate that I have chosen to become my destiny. 
Suddenly I heard gunshots that didn't seem far from here. 
 Bang bang bang.
 I gasped in surprise and immediately changed my position from lying down to sitting.  My eyes widened and I started to feel threatened.  My mind began to become uneasy and I suddenly turned my attention to my son Callum. 
 The sound of gunfire was getting closer.  I think the sound was downstairs, I mean on the first floor.  Could it be... my eyes automatically widened.  It seemed like there was chaos downstairs.  I immediately jumped from my sitting position to standing and got out of bed and walked towards the bedroom window in a hurry.  I focused my attention on the front page below.  It was seen at the gate that a fistfight was taking place between several people and the house guard guarding the gate of this house.  I started to feel panicked and lost.  Confused about what to do now.  Moreover, it's just the two of us in this room.  Downstairs there were several servants and gardeners.  But I don't know what to do or where to go now.  I saw now that the house guard had collapsed because he had been shot.  Maybe he died... I was immediately anxious and uncertain.  Pacing back and forth with my anxiety starting to emerge.  Hoping that a savior will come to fix this situation. 
 I was immediately reminded of Callum's safety.  Suddenly, a crazy idea arises to hide Callum in the cupboard so that no one knows where he is.  Because maybe the criminal will come here and go up to the second floor and then enter this room.  I started to feel nervous and then hugged Callum's body tightly, hugged him and held him on my lap who was still fast asleep.  I immediately opened the cupboard and put Callum in the cupboard.  I didn't even think long about it because something bad could happen to Callum in this cupboard.  But I'm more afraid if Callum is hit by gunfire from criminals I don't know. 
 After putting Callum in the cupboard, I immediately locked the cupboard tightly from the outside.  Suddenly the sound of gunfire got closer after me with the sound of the door breaking which sounded very loud and strong.
 Bang bang bang.
 "Matteo, come out! We know you are in this house."
 I heard the sound of someone screaming who seemed to be downstairs and had come inside. 
 "Woe!"  I whispered softly. 
 I was immediately curious to see it from above.  I immediately ran and locked the door to this room from the outside.  Then peek from above.  Sure enough, the gang of criminals had entered the house and ransacked the contents of the house. 
 But suddenly Matteo comes from outside and beats them one by one until an extraordinary, astonishing and thrilling fight scene occurs.
 I felt anxious and restless because Matteo was beaten by several people.  But in the end Matteo got the win and they fell.  Some died on the spot and some went out to escape.  I started to feel like my heart was falling suddenly, like it was falling, feeling relieved after pounding so hard for a long time. 
 I immediately went downstairs to the first floor to meet Matteo.  Several servants and gardeners who had been hiding also approached Matteo.  Everyone helped clean up the mess.  Meanwhile, the guard of this house was fatally shot.  I immediately remembered Callum, who I kept in the cupboard.  I immediately jumped upstairs to make sure Callum wasn't lacking oxygen. 
 I slapped my forehead when Matteo reminded me about Callum.
 "Where's Callum?"
 "Wretched!"  Patting your own forehead.
 Matteo wore a confused expression.   Moreover, without answering Matteo's question, I immediately ran to the room on the second floor.  Running hastily and full of hope that Callum will be okay.  It turns out Callum is still alive and in good condition.  I held him in my arms.  Feeling guilty about what I did to him so naively earlier. 

###chapter 15
Matteo's POV 
This morning, Lilianna came to my house early because she said she missed Callum and wanted to meet him immediately because her mind kept racing to come to my house immediately.  Even though just yesterday afternoon I took her home to her house even though she didn't arrive home and only asked me to drop her off at the flyover which is not far from where her house is.  But just one night she lost Callum and Lilianna was gone 
 I can't wait to hug my son again and accompany him to play all day.  Even though he had been with Callum for days and even spent the night here.  But maybe that wasn't enough to cure her longing for the past year since she lost Callum because his son, Callum, had been hidden and kidnapped and then thrown away and sold for a cheap price.  Luckily, the person who bought it happened to be me, his biological father.  So Callum is still safe with me now. 
 A phone call from Lilianna's contact.  I picked it up and answered immediately. 
 "Yes, what's wrong, Lilianna?"
 "Is Callum home?"
 "Of course, where do you think your Callum is?"
 "Um, that's good, you don't have any plans to go out? Is there Sophie at home?"
 "Geez, can you ask one by one? I'm overwhelmed and confused about answering."
 "Hahaha, I'm sorry, um... okay then, can I go to your house today? To meet Callum because I really miss him."
 "Sure you can, um now?"
 "Yeah right now."
 "Okay, come."
 "Ready."
 The phone was hung up and I waited for Lilianna to come to my house.  While accompanying Callum who was playing with Sophie in the front yard.  I'll prepare food for breakfast later after Lilianna gets here.  So we can have breakfast together at the dining table. 
 It didn't take long before Lilianna suddenly arrived in front of my house.  She waved from a distance, of course at her son.  I woke Callum up so I could see his mother who was now getting closer to us.  Callum was surprised to see his mother coming here.  He spoke of Lilianna with great joy and without hesitation wanted to be on her lap when Lilianna was in front of him. 
 "Where's your child?"
 "Mom."
 "Come here, lap mother!"
 Lilianna held Callum on her lap and kissed his head several times with great affection.  I enjoyed watching him witness the closeness between a mother and her biological child.  Without meaning to, my heart suddenly melted remembering what I shouldn't have done to Lilianna at that time.  It's true that I feel very guilty for Callum and Lilianna.  Moreover, it looks like I won't be able to unite with Lilianna because I have planned a wedding schedule with my girlfriend Massima Adelina.  Hopefully he can accept Callum's presence as her next child in the future.  Even though I can't imagine how I will tell Adel everything.  I was worried that she would be disappointed to hear that because I had been doing this with Lilianna since the moment I started having a relationship with Adel in the first year we started to have special closeness. 
 "Have you had breakfast?"  I asked Lilianna. 
 Because it's too early to visit my house to meet Callum.  So I think that she hasn't had time to eat breakfast yet.  So I will make special delicious food for the mother of my child. 
 Lilianna shook her head when I asked whether she had breakfast or not.  That means she hasn't had breakfast yet.  So I immediately invited her to go to the kitchen and dining room. 
 "Let's make breakfast first, coincidentally Callum hasn't had breakfast either. I'll make something delicious for us to eat together, come on."
 Lilianna nodded and followed me into the house.  As for Sophie, I'll let her go free because she's been looking after Callum for too long.  So that she doesn't get bored, I let her breathe freely and feel free on her own. 
 "Callum hasn't eaten yet, has he?"
 "Not yet."  Shake his head. 
 I saw Callum being talked to by his mother at the dinner table.  While I cook in the kitchen.  I will make food as quickly as possible to serve it immediately so that this stomach rumbling disappears quickly.  Because I've started to feel hungry of course.  So now my stomach is demanding to be filled immediately.  Thus I made extra effort to quickly finish my cooking. 
 Finally the dish I prepared is ready to be served.  I put it in a large container to take to the dining table so Lilianna and Callum could eat it deliciously and with gusto.  I'm sure they will like the taste of my cooking because the aroma alone is very tempting. 
 "Done... The food is ready for us to eat together."  I voiced with a happy feeling 
"Hooray."  Callum looks excited. 
 "It smells so good, it turns out you're also good at cooking, Matteo."  Lilianna's words seemed to radiate amazed eyes at me.  I felt embarrassed and a bit out of style after Lilianna said something about me. 
 "Em... let's eat."
 We started to take the food that was in front of us onto the plate that was in front of us.  Start putting food into each other's mouths.  Callum doesn't want help, he wants to eat with his own hands.   We started to focus on eating.  When I was just about to put in the third bite of food, suddenly my cell phone rang and felt it vibrating in my trouser pocket. 
 "Matteo, it looks like it came from your cell phone."
 I immediately checked and sure enough there was an incoming call from Anthony's contact. 
 "Yes, there's a telephone. I'll answer the phone first, Lilianna."
 "Okay, Please."
 I got up and stood then walked a little away from Lilianna and Callum's position.  Because I was worried that there would be conversations between Anthony and I that were not suitable for other people to hear, especially women and children. 
 I picked up the phone after shifting from Callum and Lilianna's position. 
 "Hello Anthony, what's wrong with you calling so early?"
 Bang bang bang.
 All I heard was the sound of gunfire and no sound of Anthony answering.  I immediately felt worried about Anthony's condition now.  Could it be that he experiences big problems like what I experienced yesterday when I accompanied Lilianna.  Woe!  I have to catch up with him now.  To make sure he was okay.  I will help him fight the people who might be attacking him right now. 
 "Hello Anthony, where are you now?"

###chapter 16
Matteo's POV 
 Still no answer was heard, only the sound of gunshots that never stopped.  Maybe his phone was far away or maybe Anthony... No!  I have to catch up with Anthony as soon as possible before the worst thing happens to him today, namely a ridiculous and tragic death.  It would be truly unfortunate and pathetic if this really happened.  So I have to immediately save Anthony right now. 
 I immediately rushed over to Lilianna and Callum to say goodbye.  But first, I will first check Anthony's current location using my IT knowledge.  Because I learned this long before I joined my father's group and became part of the mafia. 
 After finishing tracking Anthony's current whereabouts and having definitely found his current position.  So I immediately said goodbye to Lilianna to go out and called Shopie to accompany Lilianna in looking after Callum at home.  But Sophie refused this time because she said she had important matters.  But I didn't think much about it and just left the house to immediately meet Anthony, who now seemed to be in serious danger.  I don't have much time to think about anything, especially about Sophie's affairs.  Although in fact I feel worried if I have to leave Lilianna and Callum alone in this house.  Although of course they were accompanied by several servants and a gardener and even a housekeeper.  But I still feel worried.  But there was nothing else they could do other than immediately go to make sure Anthony survived the day.  At least I will try my best so that nothing serious happens to Anthony out there. 
 I immediately went to my car and drove myself.  I didn't have much time to slow down so I stepped on the gas at a speed that exceeded normal limits.  I drove fast to quickly get to where I was going.  This is a matter of Anthony's life which I must immediately ensure is safe. 
 Finally I arrived at the place I found on the GPS.  I saw Anthony's car parked in the middle of the road and both of his car doors were just open.  I immediately got out of my car.  Then walked towards Anthony's car.  I saw all around there were bodies of unknown people.  Meanwhile I didn't see Anthony here or around here.  There was only blood dripping and smeared around the car and even inside the car. 
 I stepped on something and immediately looked down where I felt like I had accidentally stepped on it.
 "Huh Anthony's cell phone."  I muttered to myself. 
 I went back to looking for Anthony around here.
 "Anthony... Anthony... Where are you?"  Half-screaming Anthony's name, maybe suddenly he would just appear in front of me, even though it was impossible to determine whether Anthony was in good condition or vice versa.  But I hope he can survive and escape from this situation that once threatened him. 
I called his name many times.  Until my sweat dripped and my stomach still felt hungry, the sound could not be suppressed.  Because I only ate two bites earlier.  But the most important thing is that I still have the energy if I have to fight today.  Suddenly a telephone ringtone came from my cell phone which vibrated in my trouser pocket. 
 I glanced right and left and front and back in case something bad threatened me as I picked up the phone and focused on my cell phone.  I have to stay alert even though I'm surrounded by corpses that can no longer move.  After everything I made sure it was safe.  I immediately took my cell phone and looked at my cell phone monitor screen.  It turned out the call was from Lilianna.  Hmm... What's wrong with him calling me?  Was Callum looking for me and crying to see me?  I immediately picked up the phone without further ado because I was worried that he would convey something important that he wanted to tell me.  Or maybe Lilianna will tell me to go home immediately because maybe she has to go home and her father tells her to go home immediately.  I immediately clicked on my cell phone screen to answer Lilianna's call without thinking anymore. 
 "Matteo... Matteo..." His voice sounded like someone who was very panicked. 
 Bang bang bang.
 The sound of gunshots was heard behind my phone.  I immediately widened my eyes and felt shocked, especially after hearing Lilianna's voice calling my name very frantically.  Not to mention the constant sound of gunshots echoing.  It seems like the gunshots were not far from where my house is or could it be that they happened inside my house?  I was suddenly shocked and immediately asked what really happened to Lilianna. 
 "What happened?"  I panicked again after panicking earlier because I got a call from Anthony, who I thought was in danger because there were gunshots on the phone.  It's true that something bad has happened to Anthony.  I took Anthony's cell phone and put it in my coat pocket to take home so that the data could be hacked by someone who might find the cellphone if I left this cell phone lying here like that.  
 Lilianna didn't answer my question and the phone was disconnected. 
 I immediately remembered Callum.  I'm afraid Callum will do something wrong and even get shot.  It seemed like they were the same group of people who did all this mess to Anthony.  I think they're after me.  But how do they know the address and location of my house?  Not right!  I immediately ran to my car and without further ado started the car engine and drove at high speed.  My mind was confused during the trip.  I only remember Callum and Lilianna.  But hopefully the house guards can ward them off.  But I'm worried that the home guards will lose because they will definitely use weapons. 
 When I arrived in front of the house I saw a terrible mess.  At the gate of the house there was the body of the house guard lying.  I immediately went inside and beat up the people who dared to disturb my house.  I dragged some of them out of the house and beat them until they were black and blue.  Some of them died in my hands because I shot them and some of them ran out of the house somewhere.  Obviously I care about Callum's condition now. 
 "Where's Callum?"  When everything was finished Lilianna came over to me very surprised.  I asked him about Callum's whereabouts.  Because he was worried that something was wrong. 
 Lilianna didn't answer me and immediately went upstairs in surprise.  I was shocked, maybe something bad had happened to Callum.  But suddenly Lilianna picked up Callum who was sleeping and walked towards me after going down the stairs.  Without further ado, I immediately hugged Callum tightly and hugged him with great warmth.  Honestly, I don't want anything bad to happen to Callum and Lilianna.  I'm afraid that Callum will become the target of cruelty by those who have bad intentions towards me and my father. 
 Em... it looks like this was planned beforehand.  I suspect that our attack plan has been leaked and known or overheard by the opposing party.  

###chapter 17
Lilianna's POV 
 After I found Callum still awake and safe, I immediately took him into this cupboard.  I felt very guilty and I immediately hugged him and took him to the first floor to gather downstairs with Matteo and the others. 
 I almost made Matteo explode with anger.  But Callum's presence in my lap made him melt.  Now Matteo is still in a state where his anger is starting to subside.  Because just now he was played by circumstances that forced him to focus on two different places.  For him, Callum is a valuable treasure, but Anthony is just as important to him, maybe that's what I suspect from Matteo's thoughts right now. 
 "Callum."  Her eyes filled with tears and she started hugging Callum and forgot that Callum was in my lap.  He was so panicked and worried about Callum that he forgot that I'm not his wife and he hugged you both.  In fact, at first I was also caught unaware by this situation.  But suddenly my conscious thoughts began to emerge and appear again.  My eyes widened, feeling awkward with Matteo's attitude now. 
 "Um, sorry Matteo, please let go of your hug, I'm very uncomfortable!" 
 In front of several people, including the waiter and the gardener, everyone here watched the three of us chatting together. 
 "Uh, sorry."  Matteo threw away his embrace and began to realize that we were actually no one, I mean, we were not related to anything. 
 He was seen swallowing his saliva, then Matteo spoke again to divert everyone's attention so as not to focus on the scene earlier. 
 "Yes, we've all divided up the tasks. Some are in charge of cleaning up, some are in charge of collecting the bodies. I will call the officers outside to evacuate these bodies."
 We also share tasks with each other.  Until finally all the tasks were finished and we could enjoy a short break before finally having to clean ourselves because our bodies were full of sweat.  Meanwhile, I was assigned just to wait for Callum who was still asleep so I didn't sweat too much but still felt sticky because I was so panicked when the incident happened until Matteo finished off their gang.
 Until finally Matteo came into this room to meet Callum. 
 "Is everything okay?"  I asked Matteo when he hadn't had time to sit down and had only taken a few steps into this room. 
 "Yes, finished, hmm, quite tiring."
 "Whose order was that? Why did you mess up here?"
 "It's a very long story Lilianna, you won't possibly understand what has happened in my life to cause all this chaos to happen now."
 "Um, okay, I won't ask any further. It's just that I'm worried that one day something bad will happen to us again, I mean I'm worried about Callum's safety. What if there are people who have a grudge against you and at any time stalk Callum after they find out that Callum is  your flesh and blood?"
 "Yes, I'm also thinking the same thing as you, Lilianna. I'm also worried about Callum's fate. My steps are now limited, unlike before when I felt I had no responsibility in looking after my child. But now I'm caught up in my moral responsibility to my son Callum."
 "Yes, that's what I mean. There are two worries in my mind. The first is about Callum and the second is about you as his father. Callum's life is in danger as is yours. I don't want anything bad to happen to you as Callum's father. Because Callum really needs him.  father figure. If you're okay, I'm really sad to see Callum losing his biological father."
 Matteo was pensive when he heard my words which might penetrate his heart.  He wasn't like usual, this time there was a lot of burden on his face.  I don't know what to do now.  Apart from just waiting for a response from Matteo. 
 "Okay, accompany Callum to sleep here! You won't go home, will you and will you spend the night here to accompany Callum?"
 "Em, that's what I want, Matteo. Later, I'll tell you my decision whether you can stay overnight or not."
 "Yes, alright."
 Matteo was about to leave to leave the two of us in the room.  But suddenly Callum woke up and called his father.
 "Eeee... Dad."  Rubbing his eyes he whined. 
 Matteo stopped his footsteps for a moment, froze for a moment and then turned his body towards us. 
 "Daddy's son is awake, isn't he?"  Matteo smiled and then approached Callum who was still lying next to me. 
 "Dad, don't go! You have to stay here!"  Callum said, asking his father to remain silent in this room. 
 "But dad has to do something else outside. Mom is here to accompany Callum."
 "Daddy..." While whining, he asked to stay with him. 
 "I want mom and dad to be here,"  he added. 
 "Um, okay."
Instantly, Matteo and I really felt out of style and embarrassed by him.  Feeling confused about what to do, especially if there is no important discussion between us. 
 "Dad's here!"  Moved his hand to call Matteo. 
 "Bu... But..." Matteo seemed very forced to obey Callum's wishes.
 I was getting more and more out of style when Callum told Matteo to lie down next to him.  Meanwhile, now my position is lying next to Callum.  So that means that now our position is facing each other towards Callum who is now between us in the middle. 
 Obviously I felt uncomfortable because it couldn't be denied that Matteo was a new person to me.  We have never been in a relationship, let alone dating, let alone married.  So it's fitting that I feel really uncomfortable with our current situation.  But what can be done about this is Callum's desire which cannot be negotiated or opposed.  He would cry if we refused his request.  In fact, we were worried that Callum would be very disappointed if we showed an attitude as if we were really limiting ourselves.  Matteo and I have to look good in front of Callum, like a husband and wife who are father and mother to Callum and play the role of complete parents and have their respective gender positions. 
 Although on the other hand I feel uncomfortable actually being in a position like this.  But Callum is just a child who doesn't know anything about what has happened between us all this time.  He is not old enough to know the ins and outs of what happened between his parents.  I feel bad as a mother for Callum.  In fact, it was very clear that my father had arranged a marriage with the daughter of his business partner.  So it's really impossible for me to unite with Callum's father.  I think it would be impossible if I could one day marry Matteo. 
 "Hug!"  Callum is getting worse and making us confused. 

###chapter 18
Lilianna's POV 
 We could only remain silent and then Callum again asked us to do something that was impossible for us to do for him immediately. 
 "That's it."  He put it into practice.  Taking one of my hands and one of Matteo's hands to cross each other to hug him until our hands embraced each other. 
 I swallowed saliva as did Matteo.  The unusual feeling returned.  My lust suddenly began to surface.  I tried to hold it in.  Logic and feelings are at war right now.  Maybe Matteo also feels the same way as me.  But I didn't dare ask him about the truth of what he was feeling.  Moreover, we are now in front of Callum who is still small.  However, even though he is still small, Callum will definitely understand if we talk about things that are not normal for us to talk about.  I just swallowed it deep in my depths.  Trying to brush it off and trying more and more for it all. 
 "Callum sleep okay!"  I told my child to go to sleep immediately so that we could immediately be free from this situation which was making it difficult for us to move.  But to no avail, Callum didn't look sleepy at all and instead both of us started to feel sleepy because we were bored waiting for Callum to fall asleep.  Lastly I saw Matteo with dim eyes and then closed his eyelids and then fell asleep.  The same thing happened to me too.  Not long after Matteo was asleep, I followed him.  Feeling unbearably sleepy. 
 Until finally when we woke up I suddenly felt shocked, even very surprised because something unusual had happened between us. 
 "Aaaaaaaaaa."  I shouted. 
 Likewise, Matteo also screamed, feeling as shocked as he was. 
 "Aaaaaaaaa."  Matteo shouted without letting go of me. 
The appearance that is happening now is just me and Matteo hugging each other.  Callum's whereabouts are unknown.  I felt very surprised by all this.  For a moment my thoughts erased the part of Callum in my brain.  Now my libido is increasing and it seems like Matteo's too.  After we both felt shocked, suddenly we were swept away by an uncertain feeling, namely looking at each other and staring at each other from closeness and there was a quite erotic kiss between the two of us.  I really couldn't help it when Matteo brought his face closer to mine.  Likewise with Matteo, this happened as circumstances forced us to do.  Not one of us but this is purely a push and pull reaction between the two of them. 
 Suddenly we hear Sophie and Callum's voices outside this room.  Looks like Shopie has come and we are safe because Callum is clearly being looked after by Shopie.  I don't know what came over us both.  Matteo suddenly had the idea to lock the bedroom door from inside this room after hearing Callum and Sophie's voices earlier.   I actually felt happy seeing Matteo's efforts.  Then the two of us kissed each other and made feelings for each other while standing in a standing position and drowning in unbearable lust.  Matteo pushed me until my back touched the wall and leaned against the wall which was now behind me.  From the front, Matteo continued to grab me, even up to my neck, making everyone feel even more out of sorts.  I felt it rise to the top of my head and felt the sensation of Matteo's touch.  The two of us played an exciting game without remembering our unclear status.  Instantly thoughts about anything, including children, disappeared from our heads.  Now there is only a taste that makes us feel unbearable pleasure.  I was twisted by Matteo and we helped each other take off our clothes. 
 Matteo nodded at me signaling something to me.  Surprisingly, I immediately understood his gesture and also nodded my head.  Suddenly he lifted my body after all the clothes had come off with nothing left.  He carried me to the bathroom.  I hugged him and put both my arms around his neck.  He walked completely naked while holding my body, which was also completely naked. 
 We finally reached the bathroom and found ourselves getting into the tub simultaneously and starting to turn on the shower to produce warm water that would fill us up nicely.  Started mixing soap into a tub filled with water and we were immersed in the beautiful atmosphere of bathing together.  Scene after erotic scene is happening right now in the bathtub. 
 I saw our reflections on the wall making love and making out in a charming scene without the slightest embarrassment or awkwardness.  We played for a long time in the bathroom and then Matteo came back on his lap after our bodies were completely clean of soap and had been rinsed with clean water.   I can't forget scene after scene that we did.  Feel very happy and very comfortable.  This is the longest intimate relationship we have had after having sex three years ago.  This is the second time we've done it and really when our minds are away from the influence of alcohol.  Indeed, waking up is the most comfortable moment to do something beautiful like this.  Especially after you feel tired all day both mentally and physically due to the attack. 
 "Why have you left me since then for three years?"  Matteo was angry with a spoiled tone at me. 
 "Forget about that, the important thing is that we can now come back together and do everything with satisfaction."  I made fun of Matteo. 
 Then Matteo lifted my body from the bath and walked to the bed after we finished wearing kimono towels.  This red kimono towel gives a hot and very exciting impression.  Until finally we arrived in front of the bed and Matteo threw my body onto the soft bed. 
 There was a jump when my body was slammed.  After bouncing on top, Matteo then crawled up my body very wildly.  I feel even more naughty and crazy now.  We show our dark side that was hidden.  I didn't expect that the two of us would both be aggressive figures when we were together like this.
 We went crazy and had the hottest scene in a long time. 
 "Aaaahh ahhh ahhh" I sighed.
 Matteo was heard and seen swallowing his saliva deeply.  It seems like his libido is increasing. 
 "Keep going... keep going Matteo darling."  Without hesitation or embarrassment, I took her chin and neck and kissed her mouth area. I played with her tongue and we felt a very exciting sensation. 

###chapter 19
Lilianna's POV 
I started to wake up after having sex with Matteo and it was very hot.  I immediately rushed away to avoid Matteo and ran outside to immediately go home.  I felt ashamed of myself after starting to realize that we had been in an illicit relationship for the second time.  My mind became confused and a little naive.  I decided to throw the feeling of uncertainty away. 
 I immediately put on all my clothes that had all been taken off.  Put it on immediately and don't remember anything other than the embarrassment that emerged.  Now I have finished wearing my clothes.  I immediately pulled out to get out of here right now.  Rushing off, Matteo was left alone, who was clearly confused because he saw my behavior suddenly change drastically, with no clear direction. 
 "Hey Lilianna... Where are you going?"  Apparently Matteo wasn't conscious yet and was still trapped in his lust. 
 He was still half-dressed and only wearing trousers.  After seeing me go towards the exit of this room.  He immediately hurriedly put on his clothes and then got up to follow me.  I was caught up and he grabbed my hand tightly from behind.  We were silent for a moment and I froze for a moment. 
 "Where are you going? What's wrong with you?" 
 "Let Matteo go! We shouldn't do it a second time."  My tone was curt and cold while looking straight ahead without the slightest interest in turning back to Matteo. 
 "But why?"
 Suddenly I immediately turned towards him, turned my head and turned it. 
 "Huh, why do you say that? Listen, Matteo! Listen to this carefully! Do you think it's a commendable thing to do all this outside of marriage? If it was done the first time it was clear it was an accident but if it was done the second time it was stupid."
 "Do you want me to marry you?"
 "Huh?"
 I immediately let go of his grip and turned my whole body again and accelerated my steps towards the exit without further ado. I now didn't care about Matteo. 
 Walking with dark feelings and dilemmas.  I got into my car and without looking left or right.  I didn't even have time to say goodbye to my son Callum.  I didn't think about anything other than feeling confused and confused. 
 Now I'm in the car and driving myself at an unusual speed.  However, I still arrived safely at my house.  Until I found my father sitting facing the front porch smoking and accompanied by a cup of hot coffee.
 "Lilianna, you're home."  My father said lightly. 
 Hmm, actually I wanted to go to my room after arriving but apparently my father didn't like that.  Instead he called me to sit down with him and say something important to him. 
 "Come and sit!"
 "But, Dad..."
 "It's here!"
 I couldn't refuse it because I was worried it would trigger something unwanted.  Dad will be very angry if I don't comply with his request.  Even though I felt lazy, I approached my father and sat in the chair next to him. 
 "You know Sillas will be getting married soon, right?"
 "Of course."
 "Next you."
 "Huh, me?"
 "Yes, you and I want you as one of my heirs to be part of my business."
 "What do you mean, Dad?"  I suddenly turned towards him. 
 "I mean you have to join my mafia group and I will teach you various ways to become a reliable mafia and share my experience and knowledge in the business field."
 "Huh? No dad! I don't want to!"
 "Come on Lilianna I really hope that happens."
 "I don't want to anyway!"   Left father without permission and just walked away.  But my father didn't get angry and instead gave me the opportunity to review and think again about the offer and request. 
 "You just think about it first, think again and I'll wait for your answer later!"
 I didn't care about my father's voice and went into my room without paying attention to Sillas who asked me when I passed him. 
 I closed my bedroom door from the inside and started to lay my body down on the bed.  I feel crummy and tired. 
 After a long time of contemplation, suddenly the sound of gunshots came into the house.  I was shocked and immediately got up because I was shocked and peeked out from behind my bedroom door.  Outside there was chaos.  But my father and Sillas and my father's men were able to stop him. 
 Bang bang bang.
Shot after shot went off.  Makes the heart beat faster.  But finally everything was finished without taking long.  I sat back on my bed and didn't care about everything that had just happened. 
 Suddenly my cell phone rang. 
 I saw from Matteo, hmm... I didn't want to pick it up.  At least he wanted to apologize to me. 
 But suddenly a text message came to my cell phone.  I read that Callum was crying looking for me.  Suddenly I immediately felt out of sorts.  Without thinking, he rushed back to Matteo's house and almost forgot about the incident with him. 
 I was too hasty in driving and finally arrived at Matteo's house.  Sure enough Callum was crying while calling me.
 "Mom, Mom..." shouted a little shrill while whining. 
 "Come here!"  I immediately grabbed him and hugged him.  He was still crying and felt short of breath.  I felt guilty that I had forgotten about it because of my confused feelings for Matteo earlier.  I'm really selfish as a mother. 
 Finally Callum stopped crying even though he was still sobbing a little and sobbing.  I kept holding him to calm him down.  Gradually he started sleeping on my lap.  I gave it to Sophie to sleep with. 
 "Shopie, take Callum and put him to sleep in his room."
 "Okay Lilianna."
 As soon as Sophie left, Callum went to his room, so Matteo came over to me. 
 "Why didn't you answer my phone once?"  He seemed a bit annoyed with me. 
 I didn't answer him and didn't consider him present here. 
 "You know that since you left, Callum hasn't stopped crying. Do you really have a heart?"
 I immediately turned to Matteo. 
 "Callum is just a child who doesn't know anything about his parents' problems."  He brought his face closer to mine, making me swallow saliva without being able to dodge or get away from him. 
 "Forgive me!"  Suddenly the words came out of my mouth. 
 "Yes."
 Suddenly Matteo dragged me to the basement.  I couldn't let go of his grip and instead followed his steps.  He showed many weapons in this warehouse.  Then he started telling me some of his secrets without me asking him to tell me. 
 "I'm taking revenge on the Russian Mafia."

###chapter 20
Lilianna's POV 
 Hearing this, I was suddenly shocked because the Russian Don was my father's future in-laws. 
 "I needed a lot of people to complete my mission. I tried to unite my father's men. But no one wanted to join the structure and some of them challenged the structure and became traitors."
 I tried to absorb the explanation explained by Matteo.  I wonder where it will take me.  So what does this have to do with me and the activities he is currently involved in?  Although I wasn't too surprised to hear that Matteo was part of a mafia union and was one of its leaders. 
 "Some people are against it because there are those who are pro the Russian Don in-laws."
 He doesn't realize that I am Alessio's son.  But I would rather choose to remain silent and not reveal my true identity.  I just wanted to hear where Matteo's thoughts went next and started to get interested in his plans.  Maybe I will take or reject my father's offer earlier. 
 "Most will just follow the heir. Erm... initially I refused my father's orders to take over the attack on the Russian Don. But I've had problems with the Russian Don since the death of my best friend Pasha and Anthony's disappearance without any news until now. Once I finish  taking revenge, then I will not be tied to the mafia group anymore and start to detach myself from the mafia world."  Had a sigh. 
 "So you don't have to worry that Callum will remain safe in my care. Moreover, I have been equipped with martial arts skills and intelligence. So you don't have to worry about Callum. It's just that lately I have often left Callum to do my business. So I hope  You're ready to accompany Sophie to look after Callum. Moreover, I see that Callum is very close to you and doesn't want to be far from you."
 There was a pause and then Matteo came closer to me after he had been facing away from me while he was talking at length about his world. 
 He approached me and started talking seriously.  Half whispering he leaned closer to my face.  I felt disturbed and turned my face back immediately spontaneously. 
 "So I hope you don't need to include feelings in this relationship. We only act as parents. Forget about last night's incident. Don't include our personal problems in raising children! Don't be selfish!"  Pressing his voice as he finished his words. 
 I swallowed saliva feeling cornered by Matteo.  I feel like I am the one who is most wrong in this matter because it is too subjective. 
  "Never mind! Let's get out of here and come back without any problems!"
 I, who was still frozen, then returned to following Matteo's directions.  Suddenly there was a commotion outside and I saw several people pointing guns at Matteo's servant. 
 Matteo looked very surprised as did I.  He immediately responded by attacking one of the men behind him who suddenly appeared.  I ran to the side when a fight broke out between them.  Finally Matteo took out his gun and managed to shoot his opponent in the knee.  Matteo says that he knows the man has been giving information to the Russian Don.  It seems like Matteo now feels tripped up and isn't taking it all lightly.  This is really dangerous because they have dared to openly come to the house twice this week.  
That means Callum's life will be in serious danger.  I became increasingly worried and started to get anxious about all this.  How will Callum survive being chased by the mafia?  Meanwhile, Matteo is often not at home.  They could kidnap or end Callum's life.  Or taking Callum hostage as bait for Matteo.  After they found out that Matteo had a child and Callum was Matteo's son.  I was really overwhelmed by a feeling of uncertain anxiety.  Feeling like everything is getting worse and worse.  I hope I will be able to be Callum's guard and will start joining my father's mafia group to be able to look after my son Callum. 
 Because of course I will be taught self-defense techniques and matters relating to intelligence in overcoming problems in the mafia world.  This must have something to do with Matteo and I must be an insider who infiltrated the mafia group that my father had formed a long time ago.  So that I can get related information regarding the attack on Matteo.  So I can make sure that Callum will be safe.  My mind wandered to my father's offer earlier and spread to its roots, trying to imagine that I would become part of them and join a large mafia group.  Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted when I heard Matteo's words to the person who was now in his hands. 
 Matteo tried to bargain for his life very firmly
 "Do you want to lose your life right now?"  Matteo asked the person. 
 "Don't come any closer or I will shoot your friend and destroy him!"  He also threatened others.
 Until they admitted that two other men had done the same thing at Alessio's house this morning.  When I heard this, I was shocked because it meant that the person who was messing around in my house earlier was the Russian Don's order too.  But why?  I don't understand the concept of mafia at all.  What exactly is the Russian Don planning to do to my father?  But why did he match Sillas with his daughter?  I don't know, I will explore it further after I agree to join the big mafia group formed by my father. 
 They then apologized to Matteo but heard one of them cursing softly at him.  This was really confusing and surprised me because now I heard their conversation directly.  I have less respect and no sympathy for Matteo now after hearing their conversation.  Especially when Matteo said that he was the one who gave the information to the Russian Don to infiltrate my house.  This is really very confusing. 
 What's actually behind them?  Now who are friends and foes?  Is my father in grave danger?  So now Sillas is at stake because he will soon be getting married to the Russian Don's daughter.  So who has the evil role in this affair?   I was very confused.  Have Matteo's mafia group and the Russian Don mafia group agreed to become allies?  But what about Sillas and Aelita's wedding later?  Will this be a dangerous scourge for our family or will it actually strengthen the relationship between my father's mafia group and the Russian Don mafia group?  So I can't read what's happening now, it's really beyond my comprehension. 
 In the future I will investigate all this further.  I don't want any harm to come to my father and Sillas but I still want Matteo and Callum to be safe.  Really in quite a serious dilemma.  However, he will still pretend to be innocent about it.  After coming out of hiding, I will assume that everything is unknown to me and has nothing to do with me, either of the two parties concerned that I am protecting. 

###chapter 21
Matteo's POV 
Today everything seems fine.  After the incident, my men infiltrated the house to trick Lilianna.  I accidentally took it from the Russian Don.  They are my spies and I want them to show themselves in one of the mysterious forms.  I turned everything around to disrupt the wedding of the Russian Don's daughter to Alessio's eldest son.  It seemed Lilianna was watching our conversation from behind her hiding place.  I hope she starts to feel no sympathy for the Russian Don and his daughter Aelita, who is predicted to become his future sister-in-law. 
 I put some people in the Russian Don mafia group.  Deliberately to carry out my mission later.  I learned from my sophisticated father's experience.  I actually know now that Lilianna is the youngest child and Alessio's second child or she is none other than Sillas' sister, the future daughter-in-law of the Russian Don.  I want to take Lilianna into my section.  Moreover, she is the mother of my child who I have to look after and care for.  If Lilianna gravitated towards the Russian Don mafia group based on her good relationship with her father then things would get very messy.  She might have the heart to attack me, who is the father of Callum's own child.  This is for the future of my child, one of the main factors. 
 After I was told to leave, Lilianna and several of my servants came out of her room.  As for Sophie, it seems like she was sleeping with Callum, so she didn't know and wasn't even aware that there had just been chaos here that could have claimed the life of one of us in this house.  However, I deliberately ordered them not to hurt, let alone kill, a single person in this house.  I have nothing to offer, I just hope there is a bluff and the scenario I have designed feels safe enough. 
 I have also planned this carefully to attract Lilianna's sympathy and attention to stay in this house.  Erm... I think I'm starting to believe that I fell in love with her after having sexual intercourse for the second time.  Even before we met again, in the end I had doubts about my feelings.  I deliberately did this scenario partly to make Lilianna worry about Callum.  Excessive worry will make her stay on standby here to make sure Callum is safe.  That way I have a reason and a lot of time to spend more time with her under one roof. 
 Lilianna came out of her hiding place.  I saw that she looked different, her expression seemed to give me bad feelings.  But I don't care about that.  Later I will make her respect me again. 
 "The men have left, now we are safe and you can breathe freely again."  I said to Lilianna. 
 "Yes, I saw they were gone. But why did you just let them go without holding them hostage or killing them? Isn't that dangerous in the future and could threaten the security of this house again?"  She asked innocently. 
 It seems like she doesn't have intelligence.  So I don't need to bother arguing with her at length.  Later she will follow my path.  The flow that I have designed is such. 
 "Okay Lilianna, do you still want to be here?"
 "Of course, I'll wait until Callum wakes up to make sure he doesn't mind if I leave him home later."
 "Um, okay then, you can work together with Shopie. Meanwhile I will go to the office first to finish my work. Because I haven't been in the office for several days and neglected my work until it has piled up enough in the end. So I entrusted Callum to you and to Shopie. See you later."
 "Yes, leave it all to me, I accept that responsibility and go finish your work. So that we can have lots of quality time with Callum. He seems to need refreshing and really needs us to take him to a recreation area once in a while."
 "That's a good idea, I agree. As soon as we get home from the office, we'll start discussing this issue again about plans for recreation."
 "Yes, ready, Matteo."
 I left Lilianna.  Walked to my car which was parked in the garage and got into it to drive to the office.  I hope there are no obstacles on the road and there are no more robbers.  Because I brought a lot of things as support that I would give to Anthony.  It has been two days since Anthony finally resurfaced.  Even though he had previously disappeared when the mysterious incident occurred.  He is indeed my right hand man who is quite skilled and rather great.  I trusted him to smuggle things into the preparations for the Russian Don's daughter's wedding later.  I hope that our plan will not be in vain and that confidentiality will still be maintained so that it will not be leaked and someone will find out that there are items that will later be smuggled. 
 I arrived at the office and met Anthony.  He disguised himself as someone I didn't recognize at all, even though his disguise was really packaged beautifully and neatly. 
 "Hey, Matteo."  Someone tapped my shoulder rather gently from behind. 
 "Who are you?"  I was seriously shocked by this figure I didn't recognize. 
 "I'm Anthony."  He whispered softly while speaking with his mouth half covered by his own hand. 
 "Huh?"  I widened my eyes in complete surprise.  "Are you serious?" 
 "Yes really, it's me."
 "You're Anthony?"  I followed Anthony's method and whispered softly so no one heard. 
 "Yeah, good?"
 "Excellent."  While giving me a thumbs up.
 "Where?"
 "This." 
 I gave the item to Anthony.  After it was over, I immediately said goodbye to go home because I didn't have much time outside because I was worried that something bad would happen again at my house.  I'm a bit worried now that I was attacked and my house guard became the victim.  So now I don't want anyone to be a victim again, especially Callum and Lilianna.  They are now very important to me and will always be my main priority now. 
 "Yes, I'm home."
 "Yeah no problem, go."
 "Do it all safely!" 
 I sneaked around and glanced here and there, hoping no one saw us here.  I went straight to my house and found Lilianna still at my house. 
 "Hey, you're home, it turns out Matteo. Very quickly, you said, Your work is still piled up?"
 "I have transferred the mandate to my subordinate and he is ready to handle it. Now I am free for the next few days or even more than a week, it seems."
 "Wow, that's great, it means we can accompany Callum on recreation for quite a long time. Maybe we can go out of town or abroad?"

###chapter 22
 "Um, of course, hey, Callum hasn't woken up yet?"
 "No, I haven't found Shopie bringing Callum to me yet. It looks like they are still sleeping. Never mind, maybe they need to rest and get enough sleep so they still feel fresh and Callum is always cheerful. What's more, if Shopie feels fit then she will be enthusiastic about caring for Callum and be more careful.  Be more careful and careful in paying attention to Callum later." 
 "Yes you're right."
 "Oh yes Matteo, when are you going to take Callum out and where?"
 "When and where do you think it would be good?"
 "Hmm... you actually asked me back. Even though I asked you."
 "But perhaps you have an idea."
 "It's nothing but in the next few days it looks like I won't be able to accompany you on vacation if you plan it in the near future."
 "So what?"
 "I'm going to Italy to return to my home country for a while. Because I have some business there."
 "Um, then oh yes, I have plans and thought about going on holiday and taking Callum to Italy for the first time."
 "Italy?"
 "Yes Italy, Lilianna, do you agree with this?"
 "I think I can adjust and start to agree with your idea. But do you have any acquaintances there too?"
 "Sure, I have relatives in Italy. But we will focus more on traveling. Visiting beautiful places that aren't in Russia."
 "Um, okay, that's a good idea."
 I smiled at Lilianna when she praised my idea.  Instantly she became embarrassed and we almost put our faces closer to each other.  I began to be possessed by its very potential energy.  Likewise, I think Lilianna is the same.  We are starting to do romantic scenes again.  But suddenly she was surprised by the arrival of Sophie and brought Callum down the stairs.  It seemed like they had just woken up and started looking for us.
 "Em.." I started to feel annoyed but I was also happy that my child came here. 
 "Hey, Callum awake, you've been sleeping for a long time, Sophie."  Lilianna greeted her child who was being held by Shopie. 
 "It's been a long time, hasn't it?"  Sophie asked, not realizing that she had been sleeping with Callum, who had been sleeping the same way for quite a long time. 
 "Hmm... when you sleep you look like a corpse, Sophie. I didn't realize there was a commotion here."  I chimed in. 
 "Wow, is that true?"
 "Ouch."
 "The point is, you have to be more careful in raising and looking after Callum, Sophie. We'll just work together on this."  Lilianna asked Sophie clearly. 
 "Our Sophie is planning to go to Italy tomorrow morning, do you want to accompany Callum there?"
 "Um, apparently not this time, Matteo. Let you guys go."
 "Oh, okay then. So I'll just book three plane tickets for tomorrow morning. Um... are you sure you don't want to go with Shopie?"
 "Yes, of course I'm sure, I have other things to do. Moreover, I'm busy with my final college assignment which I have to finish soon, Matteo."
"Well, the decision is yours and you just complete your assignment while Callum is in Italy with us. We wish you luck in your exams."
 "Yes Matteo, thank you, I hope so too."
 Without waiting much longer, I immediately stepped on the gas and booked plane tickets for tomorrow morning for just the three of us.  I ordered plane tickets online.  So I can be sure that we immediately know the departure schedule.  All I have to do is prepare the equipment I need to bring during the trip and in the next few days you will be in Italy.  I feel that our holiday this time will be very enjoyable.  I can spend some time and spend a lot of money to make up for the happiness we will have later during our holiday in Italy.  I hope our holiday this time will be a pleasant and unforgettable holiday.  It was a beautiful memory for us while we were there and especially for our beloved son Callum.
 
 I want to depict the beautiful memories of Callum's childhood and act as a father who can provide good quality time for my son.  After I had wasted time when I didn't recognize him as my son before.  Now I will try to make amends for all my past mistakes with Callum and Lilianna.  I will give them full trust that I am a man who is truly responsible and can be relied on and can make them always happy beside me.  I want to see Callum and Lilianna's smiles bloom during the holidays.  Visiting beautiful places they have never set foot in.  Eating at expensive and luxurious restaurants in Italy.  Gives an unforgettable impression and cannot be replaced by anything and subsequent stories with others. 
 "Okay then, let's start packing now."
 "Yes, okay, this afternoon I will go home first and come back in the evening to stay here so I won't be late at the airport and will be in the same direction as you and Callum in the same car later."
 "Yeah that's a good idea, hurry before time runs out!"
 "Okay, Matteo, I'll go home first, Shopie, I'll leave Callum with me for a while before I come back here. Mom, Callum, go home first, then mom will come back here to sleep with Callum. Later we will go on holiday to Italy, son, does Callum like it?"
 "Yes, ma'am,  I like it."
 "Okay then, I'll go now. Bye Callum..." she waved and walked away from us. 
 The clock showed night time.  Lilianna kept her promise to come back here.  We immediately took advantage of the time to rest tonight so we wouldn't be late.  Lilianna slept with Callum in his room.  While I sleep alone in my room.  The next day we went straight to the airport and arrived in Italy, it didn't take long and we traveled very quickly on the plane.  When we arrived in Italy, I immediately invited the two of them to eat at an expensive restaurant for their first stop. 
 Because we felt hungry after the trip and were a little curious about the taste of the food in this luxurious restaurant.  But suddenly  something bad happened.  Suddenly there was a surprising call from someone I didn't know at all.  The number is new and I don't know who it is.   He said that he had found my position after tracking him.  He knew that I was now in Italy and threatened me at will.  This clearly spoiled our holiday atmosphere.  I feel disturbed by this call.  I just closed it straight away, even though my heart became restless and confused thinking about the fate of Callum and Lilianna.  I think they will just ruin our holiday. 

###chapter 23
Lilianna's POV 
After planning our departure yesterday for a holiday to Italy with Callum.  Now Matteo, Callum and I go straight to the airport to depart according to the flight schedule recorded on the ticket that has been ordered.  Callum looks happy and happy.  Moreover, he was accompanied by complete parents. 
 This is the first time on holiday with Matteo and me. 
 "We're going to take a plane, okay ma'am?"
 "Yes, Callum, soon we will be flying in the air."
 "Hooray..." Callum was very excited. 
 "Callum likes it?"  Matteo asked. 
 "Yes, Callum likes it especially when there's Mom and Dad."
 Matteo and I became embarrassed when Callum said that. 
 "So where is Callum going now?"  Matteo broke everything up by asking Callum again.
 "Where did we go,  ma'am?  I forgot?"  Callum asked. 
 "To Italy, Callum."
 "Oh yes, to Italy dad."
 "Hooray, soon we will arrive in Italy."
 "Hooray. .."
 "Let's go for a walk there later."
 Callum nodded. 
 I felt touched watching the closeness of father and son before my eyes.  This is the moment I've been longing for since the moment Callum started to exist inside me.  The void that once existed in Callum's life has now been paid for and is starting to be filled with the presence of Matteo as his father beside Callum. 
 The trip to Italy now starts from the moment we enter the plane and sit quietly.  According to the flight schedule, the plane now started to fly and flap its wings until we were in the air.  I saw a very beautiful view outside the plane.  But Callum's smile beats the beauty of it all.  I really felt happy seeing Callum so enthusiastic and there was joy radiating on his innocent face.  I saw Matteo busy chatting with Callum without realizing that I suddenly smiled at this warm appearance. 
 It didn't feel like time had brought our bodies to land and arrived in Italy safely.  We started rushing to get off the plane after the flight attendant asked us to get off.  The three of them walked together and guided Callum to each other.  Walk along the airport and until you reach outside the airport. 
 "Dad, I am hungry."  While holding his stomach with his small and tiny hands. 
 "Um, okay, then let's start our route to the restaurant for lunch, okay?"
 "Yes, it's better that way, let's fill our stomachs first so we can have energy while walking."  I said adding. 
 "Okay, let's go to this famous restaurant in Italy! Let's go!"
 It didn't take long for Matteo to immediately order a taxi online for us to immediately go to the restaurant he was referring to.  An online taxi came to us a few minutes later after Matteo ordered it to take us to the restaurant.  We immediately got on and drove to where we wanted to go.  Until we arrived in front of the restaurant, which was very magnificent and very luxurious.  It looks like Matteo will spend a lot of money to be able to pay for the food we ordered at this place. 
 Without delay, we immediately got out of the car and entered the restaurant.  Started looking for a comfortable place for us to eat.  Finally we found a place that we felt would make us comfortable when eating later.  Then the waiter approached us and asked what menu we would choose to eat.  Matteo asked me to choose myself and I chose food that was suitable for Callum to consume.  While waiting for the food to be delivered to our table.  Matteo invited Callum to chat so he wouldn't get bored.  Meanwhile, I could only watch the excitement of them joking around.  They look very united and it makes the heart peaceful when they see it. 
 The food finally arrived in front of us and without further ado because we were both hungry.  We immediately devoured the food served before our eyes without hesitation.  Occasionally I help Callum to eat because there are some things he can't do.  At the end of our meal, we were suddenly disturbed by the loud sound of Matteo's cell phone ringing which kept vibrating.
 "You didn't pick up?"  While chewing. 
 "Erm, just leave it for now."
 "It's probably important."
 "Hmm, yes, that's it." 
 Matteo got up from his seat while whispering half-annoyedly at the unknown caller.  While taking the cell phone from his pocket, he stood up and then looked at the cell phone screen with a puzzled look. 
 "Who?"
 "Don't know, the number is new, still unfamiliar."
 "Yeah, just pick it up!"
 "Yes, I'll answer the phone first."  Walk a few steps away from your original position. 
 While accompanying Callum to eat because I had finished eating myself.  Every now and then I glanced at Matteo because I was worried that something bad would happen after Matteo answered the mysterious phone call. 
 I couldn't hear what Matteo was talking about with the caller.  But suddenly Matteo came with an expression that was less than wearing. He suddenly invited us to immediately leave here and find a place to stay where we could rest.  I didn't even dare ask what he heard from behind the phone.  I just followed the path he would take us. 
 "Lilianna, Callum, are you done eating?"
 "Yes of course, we've finished eating. What's going on?"
 "Look, it's better if we just look for a hotel first to use as a place to rest. Just a hotel around here, I'll book it online so I can quickly get the one that meets your expectations."
 "Um, but why? Aren't you going to take us on a trip to a tourist spot first?"
 "It's starting to get late and the weather isn't favorable, just look outside! We'd better save our dream of traveling and rest at the hotel so that our bodies will be fitter so that tomorrow we can travel anywhere all day."
 "Um, okay then."
 "But Callum wants to go for a walk now!"  While sulking about his father's promise. 
 "Callum, tomorrow, okay?"  While stroking Callum's hair, he brought his face closer to Callum's.
 Callum shook his head and folded his arms.  Turning her head away from Matteo while pouting.  Matteo then got up and looked at me.  We looked at each other and hinted at something. 
 "Callum, let's rest first. Mom will give Callum something when we get to the hotel."  I persuaded my son.
 He immediately jumped and put his arms around my neck.  Starting to get spoiled and wanting to be carried.  I was forced to carry him until I got into the online taxi that had been ordered and walked until we arrived at the hotel that Matteo had chosen as a place for us to rest in peace. 
 Walk through the lobby and arrive at the front of the room.  Matteo attached a card so we could go inside immediately.  We finally went into the room and started packing up our luggage.  As for Callum, I let him watch television by watching his favorite cartoon.  Matteo suddenly said goodbye to go out after everything was almost finished here. 

###chapter 24
Lilianna's POV 
 "Lilianna, I'm leaving for the next few hours."
 "Where are you going?"  Suddenly I was shocked to hear that.  Maybe this has something to do with the contents of the phone call he got earlier.  It seems like something wrong is happening right now.  I'm worried that something bad will threaten our existence while we are in Italy.  Hmm... it just bothers us who are on holiday.  Ruining the atmosphere of harmony that we have longed for for a long time. 
 I thought that Matteo wouldn't have time to explain everything to me.  But instead he explained what I wanted to know from him. 
 "Look at this!"  Matteo showed me a video like a CCTV recording. 
 I was immediately curious to see it in more detail.  Trying to understand what really happened. 
 "The Russian boss has tracked our whereabouts here."  Matteo explained to me. 
 "Huh?"  Suddenly I was shocked and started to worry about the possibility of what could happen next to us here. 
 "I feel bored and annoyed with this mafia world. Even though I really want to walk around in peace with you here. I want to give my child my time to go on holiday with him. But now again and again my time is being robbed by activities related to this mafia.  Really, on the other hand, I feel bored with all this. But what can I do? This has been my previous choice, so I will immediately clean up everything so that I can breathe fresh air and so that Callum is safe."
 "Yes, I understand your world. I hope everything can be resolved soon and you are not tied to the activities of the mafia. So that Callum's future is not threatened. I also actually feel that my feelings are going up and down. Because I think about your safety and the safety of my son Callum."  While glancing at Callum who was busy watching, he stared at the television screen with focus. 
 "Yeah I hope so, Lilianna. Erm.. look at this! They went to the technician and the mafia boss left the car then went to the tech shop, leaving with a bag. After further backdating, he went every week at a certain time, his daughter was often with him."  Matteo again showed the video sent to him by an unknown person.  We immediately watch the video that has just come in together. 
 "So now what are you going to do in the face of all this chaos that has just started, Matteo?" 
 "I will overcome everything and now I will go to see my friend who is also a mafia. He lives in Italy, I hope he can help me with this problem."
 "Actually, I don't understand what all this means. Is Aelita also involved in her father's mafia group?"
"Huh, do you know the name of the Russian don's daughter?"
 Ouch, I almost forgot when I was talking to Matteo.  If I let it slip that I am the son of Alessio and the younger brother of Sillas who is going to marry Vlad Petrov's daughter, Aelita, then everything will be revealed.  I immediately pretended to divert my conversation to prevent Matteo from continuing to ask me questions.
 "Are you going to leave now, Matteo?"
 "Oh yeah, I almost forgot, I'll go and take good care of you and Callum here, Lilianna!"  There was a look of worry in Matteo's eyes. 
 "Yes, okay, Matteo, I will make sure everything is safe here. Moreover, I feel safe in this room. Because there is strong protection at the entrance."
 "Yes, I hope you're right. OK, I'll go."
 Matteo immediately left here without saying goodbye to his son, Callum.  On purpose so that Callum wouldn't cry, he immediately left us without further ado.  He was gone for a few hours and it was just the two of us here.  Until morning arrived he was already in the room.  I was surprised by Matteo's sudden arrival.  It seemed like he came home very late last night.  Until I didn't hear and didn't know that he had come home here.  But it's okay, it's not an obstacle.  
The most important thing is that now he can be here intact and safe.  Today we immediately planted our dreams on Italian soil.  Take a walk to a beautiful place and forget for a moment the noise that was going on in our brains for a while.  I want to get rid of my anxiety and have a fun trip with Matteo and Callum.  Today is a happy day for us.  Although yesterday he was tripped up because Matteo received a phone call from someone who threatened and terrorized him. 
 Day after day, we have been in Italy for a week and are enjoying the fun atmosphere of our holiday.  In a week, I mean Matteo and his friends can solve the problems while they are here.  Until the day came when Matteo asked me to meet someone I didn't know.  It turns out he came to a technology store.  The tech guy seems eccentric and he asks if he's the new Don,  asking how they're taking over a woman's responsibilities.  He says he doesn't plan to stay, but that feels like a lie.
 "Lilianna and Callum are coming too!"
 "Where to?"  I asked curiously.
 "Just come along!"
 Until we arrived at the technology shop and met the technician.  The technician looked impeccably dressed and completely eccentric. 
 "Sorry sir is the new Don?"
 "Um, sure."  It seemed like Matteo was lying and acting in front of the technician to trick him. 
 "Can you take over Miss Aelita's responsibilities?"
 "Obviously I can."
 "Okay, then I will delegate everything to you and I will leave behind the responsibility that I have carried with Miss Aelita for a long time. I think that you, as a man, will be able to take care of it yourself, unlike women who need to be accompanied."
 "Yeah good, leave everything to me!"
 We talked in the car afterward, and Matteo told me that living with him wouldn't be so bad if it weren't for avoiding all the dangers that could happen at any time.  I also agreed to all his offers to stay with Callum too.  Besides, I don't know what will happen when I'm away from my child.  I want to always be near him to make sure he is safe.  Moreover, currently Matteo is still involved in an extraordinarily dangerous mafia problem.  For this reason, I felt it was the right decision to stay with Matteo.  After one week we were in Italy.  So Matteo and I decided to take Callum back to Russia.  I hope there are no problems during the trip and until you get home.  I always hope that safety will always accompany the three of us. 

###chapter 25
Lilianna's POV 
Before we finally decided to return to Russia.  I have plans to buy souvenirs from Italy first.  Next, I want to buy Callum some cute clothes for him to wear.  Since meeting the technician, we are now under tight security.  Because he was worried that something bad would happen, especially to Matteo, who was thought to be the new Don.  Even though Matteo was only disguising himself, he said he agreed to the technician's question.  So wherever we go, escorts will be carried out to prevent anything bad from happening to their Don. 
 So the car we were traveling in was clearly guarded by guard cars behind and on the left and right.  Matteo's people are now numerous and increasing.  In fact, I didn't know what Matteo was planning before meeting the technician.  I couldn't read the pattern that Matteo laid out.  It's really very complicated to put together and I can't interpret the series after series that Matteo has done, especially those that are still a plan in his head. 
 Now I'm talking with Matteo about our next life.  In the car there were only me, Matteo, Callum and the online taxi driver in front who was focused on driving.  I don't think the driver will understand our conversation.  So I was free to chat with Matteo.  Apart from not only not understanding, the driver also has no important role in this problem.  Because he was just a passing person who would soon be gone after completing his task of taking us to where we were going.  For this reason, I am more open in my conversations with Matteo.  Moreover, Callum is still small and doesn't understand what we are talking about.
 "Matteo, I'm worried about Callum's safety right now."
 "You don't need to worry too much, maybe it's normal for a mother to worry about her child. But don't worry too much so you don't feel like all this has become a very heavy burden in your life."
 "Um, it's very difficult, still. Everything happens automatically Matteo."
 "Yes, I understand what you think and feel. But... Em.. what if you just live with us?"
 "Huh, with you guys? With you at your house, what do you mean?"
 "Yes, of course."
 "But why? Why do I have to stay at your house?"
 "So that you can still be with Callum. So you are able to control and make sure things are fine. That is if you want and are willing. If you mind or don't want to, that's okay, it's not a problem for me. I'm just suggesting and offering this opportunity  to you."
 "Um... that's fine, I will try to lobby my father and design a scenario so that my father will allow me to live outside the house for quite a long time. Without any further questions that corner me. I clearly want to live and live with Callum. But if I have to take him home  in my house it's impossible and it's hard. I don't want dad to do anything bad to Callum. So I trust Callum to stay with you at your house. He'll probably be safe with you, but I'm afraid that at any time you'll be careless."
 "Yes, there is a problem there, so I hope you will join in with Sophie to look after and look after Callum at home."
 "Yeah, I'll do that."
 Without thinking much, I immediately said yes and agreed to the offer that Matteo made to me.  Maybe in the next few days after arriving in Moscow I will immediately take some of my personal belongings home to transfer them to Matteo's house.  So that I don't have to commute or go back and forth to the house to bring the things I need.  Especially clothes, I will bring my clothes to copy while staying at Matteo's house. 
 "Oh yes Lilianna, don't you have anything else to do after this?"
 "What do you mean?"
 "I mean don't you want to visit other places in Italy first before we go back to Russia?"
 "Um... where are you?"
 "Come on, think about it before we finally go home and you feel sorry because you missed something important and want to repeat it."
 "Um... I think I want to buy some souvenirs to take with me to Russia. I also want to buy Callum clothes that he can wear as a souvenir that he went to Italy when he was two years old with me and you, Matteo."
 "Yes, that's good, then do you need guarding to go to the shopping center?"
 "Up to you."
 "Um are you going alone or are you taking Callum?"
 "It's better for Callum to come with me so that when he sees clothes that I think are interesting he can immediately try them on in the changing room."
 "Okay, do I need to come?"
"I think it's good for you to come along so that someone can look after us and be a shield while we're outside."
 "Ready, I will look after you."
 Matteo immediately directed the driver to go to the shopping center before we finally went to the airport to fly to Russia.  The driver carried out his duties well and took us to a large shopping center in Italy.  So we don't have any trouble finding the right and interesting souvenirs to take home to Russia later. 
 "I've arrived, sir."
 "Oh yes, thank you, the fare has been entered into your virtual account."
 "Yes, I'm ready, thank you again sir. I hope you have a pleasant and memorable trip."
 Matteo and I smiled and without much ado unloaded the two suitcases we brought containing our equipment while in Italy.  Meanwhile I carried Callum while Matteo carried the suitcase.  We look like a complete family by dividing the tasks within it. 
 Walked towards the entrance of the shopping center and was accompanied by several people who surrounded us on both sides and behind.  We are like important people who are closely guarded by bodyguards.  Along the way, in the middle of a busy shopping center, we became the center of attention of many people's eyes looking at us.  I'm quite uncomfortable with all this.  Feeling disturbed by their presence following us all this time.  Until I started to feel uncomfortable and whispered softly to Matteo. 
 "Matteo."
 "Yes, Lilianna, what are you whispering about?"
 "Will they still follow us?"
 "Yeah it seems so."
 "I feel uncomfortable and uncomfortable."
 "Hmm, same."
 "So what?"
 "What do you mean by that?"
 "Ouch."
 "Why?"
 "How can we avoid them?"
 "Who knows."

###chapter 26
Lilianna's POV 
 Matteo's answer was really annoying.  I'm used to being guarded because my father is also a mafia boss.  So everywhere there is guard.  But this time I felt very disturbed because this was my small family event.  I just want there to be me, my son Callum and his father.  Don't want anyone else to come between us.  Because it made me really uncomfortable and felt like I wasn't free to do anything.  It feels like freedom is being thwarted and it doesn't make you feel happy when traveling like this.  We should have been happy but instead this was ruined by their arrival who unexpectedly would disrupt our holiday like this. 
 "Can you guys be a bit distant from us?"
 Seeing my unusual and uncomfortable expression, Matteo immediately became sensitive.  Even though he was sensitive for a while, in the end he voiced what was in my heart too.  Finally, some of them moved away and just watched from a distance.  Even so, I still felt uncomfortable, just not like before, where I really felt stiff. 
 Callum and I immediately chose clothes that we thought were appropriate.  Asked Matteo for a comment on what would suit Callum.  Matteo also responded to some of the clothes we had chosen. 
 "Matteo, is this suitable for Callum?"
 As if someone thought he had his index finger on his chin, his other arms were kept at his chest in a folded position. 
 "May also."
 "Correct?"
 "Yes, of course."
 "How about this one?"  I showed the others. 
 "Umm, I don't think that's suitable."
 "Are you sure?"
 "Yeah seriously."
 "Um, okay."
 After finishing choosing some clothes that I felt were suitable for Callum, I started inviting Callum to wear them in the changing room to make sure that they really fit and were right for him to wear.  After trying everything, I immediately paid for it at the cashier. 
 Then we continued to visit the place where we would buy souvenirs.  We also found some interesting and unique souvenirs.  Bring it to the shopping cart and redeem it at the cashier's desk.  Then went back out of the shopping center by riding in one of the guard's cars.  Because they allowed us to ride in their car instead of having to rent an online taxi again, it would take quite a long time to get to the airport.  Because we were pressed for time to get there before the scheduled flight arrived, we had to be there immediately. 
 Throughout the journey, nothing worrying or bad happened.  We safely arrived at the airport and then the people accompanying us said goodbye to return to their basecamp.  Because they were only assigned to be technicians to escort us to the airport.  Matteo and I felt relieved after they left.  I thought that they would mess up but they didn't.  In fact, we are really looked after like their real bosses.  I really felt nervous before because I was suspicious that they would do something bad to us on the road.  But now I feel sorry for suspecting them like that.  It turns out they are good and not as bad as I thought about them earlier. 
We arrived at the airport early, a few minutes before the scheduled departure.  When the time came for the flight to arrive, we immediately rushed into the plane and occupied the seats according to the provisions we had obtained from the tickets we had ordered. 
 Our holiday in Italy is now over and we will soon arrive in Russia to return to living our days as usual.  I also tried to find ideas to explain to my father later.  Regarding the reason why I will stay at Matteo's house.  Don't let father know what really happened.  Moreover, he knows about Callum's whereabouts.  If that happens it will be very messy.  I can't imagine the bad things and possibilities that will happen later.  My father was a reckless person.  Even small children are no exception.  He is a fierce and heartless mafia boss.  I don't want anything to happen to Callum.  So I had to think carefully about reasons that really fit my father's logic and he could just believe.  Without asking further about my reasons. 
 While on the plane, after the plane started to fly I could only sleep in silence while staring at the view behind the window.  Meanwhile Callum was fast asleep and leaned against my body.  Likewise with Matteo, he also fell asleep as if he was very tired and maybe the plane was the safest place for him to get a full rest.  Before he was on land and everything felt more threatened.  He definitely feels uneasy and disturbed when he is on land.  So he took advantage of this time to sleep soundly. 
 I could only look at Callum and Matteo who were both asleep.  I imagine a bright and beautiful future from behind their innocent faces while sleeping.  I imagine there will be experiences that I never believed could happen.  Where Matteo and I got married and lived together with Callum in one house as a harmonious family.  The whole house is heaven for us and we are far from anything related to the mafia world. 
 I feel like this mafia world is a thorn in the way of our happiness.  Because forever our lives will be plagued by feelings of discomfort and haste in living life.  Because wherever we are, we will still be hunted.  I thought that the mafia world was a world where we would make lots of enemies and have bad luck in life.  But we can't just stop this business.  It is very difficult to break it because it is in the form of a strong chain.  But I think one day everything will be finished and over.  Although the possibility is very small.  Because the mafia world seeks victims from the roots for the mission of becoming a global capital.  But I don't see that in Matteo.  I found no ambition in him. 
 It seems like Matteo is just trapped in the bonds of his father's mafia group, just like I was also trapped by my father's mafia group.  But I want to make sure that Callum will not have anything to do with any mafia group.  Both from my side and Matteo's side.  I want Callum's life in the future to be clean without being haunted by the mafia world.  I want my child to experience a normal life like other humans in general.  However, business doesn't have to be in a vicious circle like the one experienced by his two grandfathers.  Hoping that my dreams of Callum's peaceful future come true.  Until finally my daydreams brought me to the land of Russia.  The plane had landed and I immediately woke Matteo.  But I didn't dare wake Callum and I just carried him out of the plane. 

###chapter 27
Lilianna's POV
When we arrived at the Russian airport, Matteo immediately took me to his house. 

   To get some rest and especially now that Callum is still asleep.  There's no way I can just go home when Callum is still sleeping soundly like this.  He would cry badly when he woke up from his sleep and found that I was not beside him.  For this reason, I was very forced to follow Matteo's steps towards his house.  Until we arrived at Matteo's house.  I immediately took Callum to his room to put him to bed to make him more comfortable. 

 "Get some rest, this afternoon I'll take you out."

 "Huh, where?"

 "Later you will find out for yourself, now get enough rest because after a long journey I think you need to get lots of rest to keep your body fit and accompany Callum here until he wakes up. Because poor Callum, he needs to be accompanied."

 "Um, okay then."

 "Yes, have a good rest. I'm in my study. If you need anything, just give me a call! I'll respond quickly if you need anything, especially Callum. Watch out, I'll leave you, stay here before I come back. Because I'm worried that something bad will happen if you and  Callum is outside the room."

 "Yes, Matteo."

 Matteo walked towards the exit and left me and Callum alone in this room.  After a few moments I immediately fell asleep with Callum while hugging his tiny body.  Until finally Callum woke up from his sleep.  I also woke up and was shocked from my position. 

 "It turns out Callum is awake."

 "Um, where's Dad?"  While rubbing his eyes he asked where his father was. 

 "Your father is at home, he is in his study. Does Callum want me to call Dad here to Callum's room?"

 "Yes."  While nodding. 

 I immediately called Matteo to come here immediately to meet his son.  Because Callum started asking where his father was.  If Matteo doesn't come here quickly, he's worried that Callum will be disappointed and start showing a gloomy face.  But fortunately Matteo immediately responded quickly.  As promised, he immediately came to this room to answer my call.  Matteo opened the door from the outside and entered this room with a smile at his son. 

 "Dad."  Callum immediately got up and then ran towards Matteo  and Matteo greeted him. 

 "Daddy's brilliant son has just woken up, hasn't he?"

 Callum nodded. 

 Matteo got up on Callum's lap and walked towards me to say something he seemed to have planned to tell me. 

 "Oh yes, Lilianna, you and Callum are coming with me now. I have something to do outside. Because if I leave you two at home like that, I'm afraid something bad will happen like what happened before."

 "Okay, but where are you taking us?"

 "To the tech store."

 "For?"

 "Let's see later."

 "That's fine if you don't want to tell me your intentions and goals."

 "Come on, get ready and fix Callum, wash his face first and change clothes! I'm waiting downstairs."

 "Yes, Matteo, I'll do it right away."

 I don't know why I became so obedient to Matteo even though I wasn't his wife or girlfriend.  But I chose to follow all his orders for one big reason, namely for the good and safety of my son Callum. 

 "Callum's here!"  I told Callum to come closer to me because I would fix him. 

 "Callum and mother first, we're going to go out, but Callum washes his face and changes clothes first because he's been traveling a long way. There's a lot of dust on Callum's face, body and clothes. So that it's clean, Callum has to be fixed by mother first. Meanwhile, father is waiting for Callum.  If Callum and mother are finished, you can go straight downstairs to meet father and we'll go out later, okay?"

 "Okay, Dad." 

 Callum obeyed his father's words and immediately came over to me.  He seemed excited because he probably thought his father would take him for a walk.  But I don't think Matteo will take us on a trip or tour.  In fact, I think Matteo has something to do with his duties in his mafia group.  But why do you have to take me and Callum.  Although I realized that Matteo might feel anxious if he had to leave the two of us at home like yesterday.  So he preferred to take us out and with him it would be safer even though he was looking for faults with his opponent.  But I can only follow the plot and play according to his way of thinking which I cannot guess and cannot predict at all. 
I have finished fixing Callum and I have cleaned up myself and am now ready to be taken out by Matteo.  I immediately invited Callum to go downstairs to meet Matteo.  He was waiting for us downstairs and stood staring at his cellphone screen.  His gaze was securely serious and I was reluctant to disturb or interrupt his gaze.  I'm reluctant to disturb his focus.  Even when Callum and I were standing nearby, he didn't feel at all aware of our presence here.  Even though we stood here for a long time waiting for him to finish with his business on his cellphone. 

 Finally he was finished with his business on his cell phone and began to notice the presence of me and Callum beside him.  We had been standing for a while and he just realized this.  That means the business he is currently involved in is quite important to him.  To the point that he just ignored our existence. 

 "Eh, it turns out you guys are already here."

 "We've been here a long time ago. It's been a long time waiting for you to finish with your cell phone."

 "Um, I'm sorry, Lilianna! Forgive me, Callum!"  As he lowered his head to align his face with Callum's and then held Callum's cheeks with both hands. 

 "How are you guys ready?"  Matteo rose to his feet again. 

 "Ready" Callum answered very enthusiastically and very happily. 

 Made Matteo and I silent for a moment.  But pretend nothing will happen.  It seemed like it was true that Callum thought his father would take him on a trip to a beautiful place.  But unfortunately his guess was wrong.  Hmm... Very poor Callum, but I hope Matteo will make it up to him after this.  After he finished with matters surrounding his mafia world. 

 "Let!"  Matteo immediately put Callum on his lap so he could walk faster rather than having to wait for him to walk alone which would slow things down. 

 We arrived at the car and Matteo immediately drove the car to where he was going now.  The journey was very fast and Matteo drove a bit hastily.  I didn't want to ask too many questions other than being quiet and just caring about Callum engaging him in conversation and giving Callum some of the snacks available in the car.

###chapter 28
Lilianna's POV 
 
 Until finally Callum fell asleep again.  Hmm... it looks like he's quite tired after the long journey.  He had spent a lot of time traveling around Italy.  Including he circled the shopping center there for the last time to set foot in Italy.  So it's not surprising that Callum feels very tired.  It's better for him to sleep than to be sick.  I don't want or have the power to disturb him.  So letting him sleep was my choice.  Moreover, Matteo will launch his action.  
I didn't want Callum to witness it with his own eyes.  He was too small to witness the fight between the mafia that could occur next.  Because I really think it will happen.  I didn't want to let Callum see something he didn't have time to see.  Because children's memory is very fragile and long.  Worried that it will have a bad impact on his personality and future.  So now that he is asleep, I hope he sleeps soundly and long so that he doesn't see his father dealing with the mafia. 
 Finally we arrived at the technology store.  Suddenly I was surprised to see the Russian Don in front of the technology shop.  So I spontaneously asked Matteo about my vision.  Just to make sure that I see Vlad Petrov is here. 
 "That's the Russian Don huh? Am I seeing that right?"
 "Sure, that's Vlad Petrov."
 "What is he doing here?" 
 Matteo just smiled faintly. 
 I saw outside that there were many people visiting the shop who wanted to make transactions here.  The streets were crowded with people going back and forth about their own business.  So is it possible that Matteo will cause chaos in a place as busy as this?
 "Now what are you going to do Matteo to the Russian Don?"
 "I will attack him."
 "Huh, are you kidding Matteo? This is a public place, how busy are you going to make a mess? You're going to do a lot of harm to this technology shop in the future."
 "Well, you're right. So what do you think I should do now? Give me an alternative solution that I can adopt now!"  Matteo asked me, he asked me for advice on an alternative. 
 "I think you can just spy on him to get further information regarding what he is going to do. Don't attack him now. If you do it now then it will only be in vain. Moreover, there will be many people who will feel traumatized by the chaos that will happen later.  I'm just suggesting that you'd better follow the Russian Don's movements before his execution. Don't be too hasty in taking a stand.  So you won't feel regret later.  If you fail to attack the Russian Don this time then you will be very threatened later.  He would know who had attacked him openly.  This will only make you overwhelmed later.  Because of course the Russian Don will not remain silent and will mobilize all his men to continue hunting you.  In fact, the worst thing is that he will also hunt Callum and me because we are here and they will definitely see and pay attention and remember what they see later.  Maybe you can understand what I'm saying here.  Then the decision is up to you, Matteo.  I hope you will take a wise attitude.  Because this is not just about you, but there are me and Callum too, especially Callum.  Don't you want Callum to stay safe and sound?"
 "Of course I want Callum to stay awake and safe with us, Lilianna. In fact, since I have two blood, I have become more careful in my actions. Because I'm really worried that something bad will happen to Callum. Only Callum is in my brain now. I don't want my little angel  This is okay. Of course I can adopt your idea and I will accept it as good advice. I really appreciate your suggestion and what's more, your suggestion is quite a solution to my problem  I'll attack myself now. He will continue to target me if I fail to attack him now. Therefore, following him is a reasonable reason and I can accept it now without much further consideration."
 "Yes Matteo of course, I hope we are always safe and awake."
 "Yes, I hope so too, Lilianna."
 We got tripped up because of our conversation, in the end we almost lost track of the Russian Don.  But suddenly I looked back and found it. 
 "Hey, wait, where is the Russian Don now? Unfortunately, because we talked for too long, we lost track of him."  While tapping his forehead gently. 
 "Uh, is that him?"
 "Where?"
 "That!"
 "Yes you're right."
 "Let's follow him."  Matteo excitedly chased him by driving the car in a hurry because he didn't want to waste too much time before he lost track of the Russian Don again. 
 "Matteo, be careful, don't be too reckless!"
 It seemed like the Russian Don already knew that his car was being followed by Matteo's car.  Although most likely he doesn't know that Kamji is in this car.  I don't think he knew that Matteo had been following him all this time.  But he only realized that now he was being followed.
 I looked in the rearview mirror and saw that there was a car following the car we were riding in too. 
 "Matteo's in trouble."
 "Why?"  While focused on driving, pay attention to the movement of the Russian Don car. 
 "Look in the rearview!"  For a moment, Matteo focused his eyes by glancing at the rearview mirror of his car. 
 "Oh, what a shame, it seems like they've been following us for a while now. Who do you think they are?"
 The car behind our car was traveling at high speed.  Meanwhile the Russian Don car also started moving at high speed too.  We were chasing each other on the street.  Almost forgot that this was a public road.  We just drive the car.  But we just followed the direction of the Russian Don car wherever it went. 
 I immediately advised Matteo to stop everything.  Before he was really caught red-handed and looked at the gauge on the car, the fuel was almost out.  I wouldn't be able to imagine if this car stopped running by itself because it ran out of gas.  Then the lives of Callum and both of us will be at stake.  However, Matteo finally complied with my request and after realizing that his petrol was almost out of fuel he immediately turned around and drove very fast away from them.  I think the Russian Don and the car driver who was trying to follow us were surprised and shocked by Matteo's sudden action.  Until finally we were safe and avoided them.  Now we walked at a normal normal speed and drove towards Matteo's house.  Finally we arrived home. 

###chapter 29
Matteo's POV
I almost lost control and left Lilianna and Callum in great danger.  If only Lilianna hadn't immediately reminded me.  Maybe we were caught by the two cars flanking my car.  Between the Russian Don car I was chasing and another car behind which I didn't recognize the driver.  Maybe I would know him if I saw him clearly.  But my view couldn't penetrate the rather dark windshield of the car.  I think it was Alessio's order.  Maybe he's starting to read my movements.  He must have been very suspicious about my plans for his future in-laws.  He apparently became the guardian of the Russian Don.  I really have to be more careful now before I do anything.  Luckily, Lilianna was the alarm that accompanied me.  At least it reminded me of the time I almost did something reckless and careless.  Moreover, I saw that the meter in my car was almost out of fuel.  If I still dare to step on the gas to catch the Russian Don's car then my fate will be woeful.  Not only me but Lilianna and Callum will also get hit by the stone. 
 I immediately followed Lilianna's realistic directions. 
 "Matteo turned around!"
 "But why?"
 "Look at that meter!"
 I immediately looked at the meter.
 "Oh yes that's right, fortunately you immediately reminded me, thank you Lilianna."
 "Yes, you're welcome, hurry up Matteo!"
 I immediately swerved using my driving skills. 
 Finally I drove the car quickly after successfully reversing the direction of the car.  It seemed like they were quite surprised to see my sudden action like this.  Maybe they thought I'd keep chasing the Russian Don's car.  But in fact I just dodged and drove as fast as possible away from them. 
 Without thinking again, I immediately turned the wheel towards home.  Because the car is almost out of fuel
   Worried about breaking down in the middle of the road.  If I fill up on petrol first then I think they will be able to catch up and detect my whereabouts.  For this reason, I immediately took Lilianna and Callum away from their car and continued the journey to my house. 
 Until we arrived at my house safely. 
 "Luckily you reminded me, Lilianna."
 "Yeah, I was just spontaneous."
 "Well I think being at home is better for you and Callum, stay in your room until I get back!"
 "Hey Matteo where are you going again?"  Lilianna's voice was half shouting. 
 "A moment!"  I didn't answer her question and walked very hastily, leaving her holding Callum who was still asleep.
 I saw her still frozen there downstairs and stared at her until I actually left the house. 
 I immediately rushed to the garage to use my other car.  Drive very quickly and without hesitation.  Until in the middle of the road I called one of my subordinates who often acts as my driver. 
 "Where are you? Come here quickly! I'll share the lock later."
I immediately hung up the phone and it didn't take long for him to arrive in the car he was driving.  I immediately parked my car and left it at the repair shop for it to be serviced.  Then I got into the car driven by my driver who I just called some time ago. 
 "Where to?"  He asked, half turning towards me. 
 "Typical, go!"
 "Yes Mr Matteo."
 He carries out his duties according to my instructions and doesn't feel confused anymore because he is used to doing it with me. 
 Suddenly we were ambushed by a group of unknown mafia.  It seems like they were ordered to deliberately trip me up.  I immediately told my Van driver to keep driving the car.  The car was driving recklessly. 
 "Come on, keep going, don't slack off!"
 "Yes, sir."
 There was a chase between the car I was riding in and the car that had blocked this car.  Not only that, several people in the car kept shooting at this car.  The gunshots sounded very loud and loud. 
 Bang bang bang.
 Without pause, it continued to sound and aimed at this car but repeatedly didn't hit it.  Until finally my driver was shot and the van accidentally hit the wall of a building.  I started to feel tense and panicked.  Don't know what to do after the car suddenly stops because the van is dying.  It turned out that the shot was aimed directly at the location of his heart, right in his left chest. 
 Now I see that my driver has immediately died.  I'm not stopping here and trying to get out of this car straight away.  Before finally they actually met me in this car.  The speed of the car chasing us was a bit slow apparently.  So I managed to get out of the car before I saw them here. 
Suddenly the idea arose to quickly sneak between the buildings and pass by a building that we had crashed into.  As for the car and the body of my driver, I will leave it in this place for now.  Because there wasn't enough time to evacuate it.  Before they were actually here.  For that reason, I only had time to escape and protect myself. 
 But unfortunately they saw me passing between the buildings and started to get out of their car to go through the narrow streets.  They chased me at an unstoppable running speed.  I increase my strength to continue running without stopping.  They kept chasing me and made me almost run out of breath.  My breath was labored and I kept walking without stopping.  Don't let me stop and be silent.  Because if I stop for a moment they will easily ambush me.  It could even finish me off without mercy.  Maybe they won't let me breathe a sigh of relief first, even for a moment.  For this reason, I did not relax my energy even though my ankles definitely felt sore and weak.  But complaining and despairing will only lead me to the death they hope for. 
 They continued to direct fire at me.  Although several times it always misses. 
 "Watch it!"  One of them shouted at me.
Bang bang bang.
 I didn't shrink my guts one bit.  No matter how many people chase me.  He didn't even feel afraid even though he was continuously bombarded by gunfire.  I still maintain my own destiny to continue living in the way I have now. 
 Until I started to feel tired and took out my gun from under the jacket I was wearing.  Try to defend yourself by occasionally countering their shots.  I started directing shots at them even though I was still running away from their position who were still chasing me while firing shot after shot. 

###chapter 30
Matteo's POV 
 Instantly the bullets from my gun ran out when I was about to fire several more times.  I immediately threw away the gun I was holding.  Then I took back the other gun which I also kept under my jacket.  I keep a lot of weapons in me.  Both firearms and sharp weapons.  I always do this when I'm going anywhere.  Anticipate everything by being alert in my every move.  Because something bad could happen suddenly like this.  For this reason, I have always been alert in my life since I found out that I was the son of Enzo Castello, a famous mafia boss in Russia.  Not to mention, since I started joining this mafia group, I have also been more careful in looking after myself.  So I always prepare anything that will be a weapon for me against the opponent who is always targeting me whenever and wherever I am. 
 They continued to chase me until I stopped because the road suddenly came to a dead end.  We were suddenly on quite high ground.  Without realizing it, the chase brought me here.  Now I started to turn around and meanwhile they were getting closer to me.  Not only that, they also pointed a gun at me.  Threatening me to stay where I am or I have two equally bad choices. 
 "Remain still!"
 "Yes, stand there or there will only be two choices."
 "Do you want to parachute and fall down or will we shoot you straight in the head?"
 "Go ahead if you can!"  I challenged him without the slightest fear.  Because he is used to tense situations like this.  I will look for ideas as quickly as possible to avoid them and survive this situation.  I will never give up even in times of urgency.  I will continue to try to keep myself safe without having to raise my hand and give in and bend the knee to them.  They also won't find me dead in their hands.  That's just their wishful thinking. 
 Now I am surrounded and have almost no way to escape and escape from their encirclement.  I swallowed my saliva and felt cornered.  They are getting closer to me. 
 "Let's just give up!"
 "Bend your knees before us right now before you really die!"
 "No! I don't want to!"  While throwing saliva to the side. 
 "Hey, I'll challenge you!!"
 "Damn!"
 "Feel this!"  He aimed a shot at me.  But I can dodge and avoid it.  In the end, the shot didn't hit me. 
They became increasingly angry with my actions.  They looked like they wanted to arrest me immediately.  But I still tried to look as if I was still calm.  However, my conscience still felt quite deep worry.  Feeling threatened and almost having no way out of this. 
 Bang bang bang.
 I immediately fired bullets from my gun.  Several times it came out and hit one of them.  This made things even more tense and they started to be confused by my actions.  When I was about to shoot again, suddenly my bullets ran out again.  I didn't run out of methods and immediately took my weapon under my jacket.  I carry a lot of guns of course.  So you don't feel short of weapons.  Even in a situation of urgency or threat, I will not be afraid.  Moreover, I keep a lot of weapons in this area of my body.  Although the possibility is very dangerous if I am in a hot area.  Because it could make my body explode.  But I have a way to prevent that from happening.  I've designed it that way.  So that I remain safe even though I have many weapons on my body that I keep and tuck away. 
 Before finally I took out my gun again and ran out of bullets.  They felt as if they had won a landslide victory over me. 
 "Hahaha... Come on, get out your ammunition again!"
 "Come here, shoot!"
 I took a few steps back when they were about to shoot me and came closer to me.  I swallowed deeply because I almost couldn't avoid it.  Moreover, I almost slipped down because this is a rather high place.  Meanwhile behind me is the limit.  I almost slipped and fell down.  But I have the balance and ability to survive.  I immediately took out my gun.  Until I shot them one by one.  Some hit the target, some missed.  But I continued to stick my tongue in without relaxing it. 
 They had difficulty responding to me because my ability to use weapons could no longer be doubted.  I raised the weapon nimbly and while they were a bit slow.  They are like a new, amateur mafia. 
 Now there was a terrible shooting.  Shooting at each other and making the atmosphere chaotic.  People from around the building rushed out to see this incident.  We don't focus too much on them.  Just focus on shooting each other.  Hoping for victory and again my ammunition ran out.  I want to go back to carrying a weapon.  But it turned out that was my last gun.  There was only a knife left.  I immediately took it out and threw it at one of them.  But I failed because I was a bit nervous and couldn't hide it from myself. 
 "Hahaha, what do you want now?"
 "Your weapons have run out, haven't they?"
 "Let's just give up!"
 I still survive with myself and my bare hands without any weapons at all.  I look left and right, no one wants to help me here.  I'm really in a pinch right now.  Maybe I was too arrogant earlier.  So I feel like I will win again like before.  In some cases I always win.  But this time I seem to have to give up. 
 They smiled with arrogant smiles.  I feel like I'm really going to lose.  I had no other choice but to admit defeat.  Then I started to raise my hand and they laughed loudly, feeling that their efforts were not in vain. 
 They were getting closer to me, standing still like a statue.  I'm at my wits' end and my energy is starting to wane.  I already feel like this is the end of my life.  It looks like after this I will die, be killed by them or be held hostage first and then be made to die after being tortured first. 
 They actually took me away after I admitted defeat.  The people who witnessed this did not move at all.  Maybe because they are afraid.  I walked resignedly while being escorted by my opponent.  Feeling like I have no hope for the next.  I really feel weak and helpless.  Go on as you are and just accept your next fate.  Don't know what they will do to me.  I can only imagine the worst things that could happen.  A terrible thing that I will get without being able to refuse it.  Now death is before my eyes. 

###chapter 31
Lilianna's POV 
There have been a lot of unexpected events in my life lately.  Especially regarding the safety issue of my son Callum.  So I realized that I had to be willing to take charge and play a role in everything for our good.  Moreover, currently I haven't found Matteo back safely.  It seems like something bad has happened to Matteo.  It was true that I suspected that Matteo was in great danger. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Miss Lilianna? Miss? Are you in there."
 "Who?" 
 "I'm Mr. Matteo's servant."
 Her voice is unique. 
 "I'll accompany Callum to sleep in a moment."
 I got up from my position and started walking towards the door of this room to open it. 
 "What is it?"
 "Um, please call."
 "Of whom?"
 "Don't know."
 "Huh, don't know?"
 "Yes, the person didn't mention his name, he just said to convey to the people closest to Mr. Matteo that there was an important call and he had to answer it immediately."
 "Apart from that, did he have anything to say?"
 "No."  While shaking her head. 
 "Is the phone still connected?"
 "Yes, of course, it's not closed yet."
 "Okay, I'll be right down to answer the phone."
 The servant left first after finishing delivering the message.  The rest, I first checked Callum's condition to make sure he was still asleep and safe.  Once I felt safe I immediately went out of the room and closed the door from the outside.  Then I walked downstairs to immediately pick up the phone before it was automatically disconnected or disconnected from there. 
 I arrived downstairs and immediately picked up the phone.  Feeling uneasy and worried that something bad will happen.  Moreover, I haven't seen Matteo come home.  Feeling excited by the news I will receive.  I immediately had a bad feeling regarding the information I would get from this call. 
 "Hello?"
 "Yes, straight away, we are asking for a ransom for Matteo."
 "What does that mean?"
 "We are waiting at..."
 Suddenly the phone was disconnected for some reason. 
 Makes me even more anxious and uncertain.  Feeling confused about what to do.  Moreover, they call via landline, not cell phone.  They also haven't had time to say where they are with Matteo.  Unfortunately, it looks like Matteo has been taken hostage and is in danger.  I had to act immediately and do something to save Matteo immediately. 
 But I realized that they definitely had enough power to end Matteo.  Inner consciousness says that I have to stay here in this house and not leave the house.  I don't have to deal with bastards and just pray for people like the Russian mafia to find a bright spot that doesn't cause casualties.  Especially Matteo, I definitely don't want anything wrong with Matteo. 
 A week passed without news from Matteo.  I still don't have any movement to find the father of my child.  Because I don't have the capacity to take actions that could endanger my life, my child's life and Matteo could be even more threatened.  I hope and believe that Matteo has his own way of dealing with them.  I think that Matteo is a smart man and has lots of ideas to be able to repel them so he can be free and escape from them. 
 After several days of accompanying Callum at Matteo's house, I received news from Sillas that he needed thorough preparations for his wedding which was not long from now.  I also got a telephone call from Sillas and he openly asked me to do something related to his wedding preparations. 
 I immediately took my cell phone and looked at the monitor screen.  It turned out to be Sillas, without thinking twice I immediately picked up the phone from my sister.  Who knows, he might tell you something important. 
 "Lilianna, where are you?"
 "What is it?"
 "Go home and help me prepare a few things regarding my upcoming wedding. Time is running out, I'm asking you to help me get a dress from the boutique."
 "What dress?"
 "Obviously a wedding dress."
 "Huh? Why doesn't Aelita just bring it or she can order anyone to do it."
 "Hmm, don't do too much of this and that, do it immediately, please do it as soon as possible!"
 Without further ado and straight to the point Sillas ordered me and suddenly turned off the phone when he had finished conveying his message to me.  Even I didn't have a chance to refuse it.  Looks like I have to do it.  Before I met Sillas in a state of great anger at me.  Just bringing a dress that has been ordered at the boutique is not a heavy thing.  Of course I can do it. 
Immediately I thought of Callum and without hesitation called Shopie to take my place in looking after Callum.  When I wanted to get the dress, I hoped that Shopie had already arrived here.  Because I didn't dare leave Callum with Matteo's other servants.  I will feel uneasy if Sophie isn't there to accompany Callum later. 
 "Hello Lilianna, what's wrong?"  Shopie picked up my phone and immediately asked what I meant by suddenly calling her. 
 "Can you come to Matteo's house soon, Shopie?"
 "Now?"
 "Yes, of course, you're free and don't mind, right?"
 "Yes, I was planning to go to Matteo's house now."
 "Yes, I've been waiting for your arrival here."
 I waited for Shopie while playing together with Callum who had just woken up.  Finally Shopie came and I immediately gave her a task while I left Callum for the next few moments. 
 "Hey, you came too."
 "Yes, sorry for waiting a bit long."
 "Ah no, just relax. Oh yes, Shopie, I will be away for a while because of family matters. I hope you are willing to wait for Callum here and look after him. How are you willing to do that?"
 "Sure, no problem, go! I'll look after Callum and play with him. Leave it all to me. Besides, I really miss him because he was on holiday in Italy for too long, hehe..."
 "Oh yeah, I almost forgot. You can bring the Italian souvenirs I keep in Callum's room. Take one and choose whichever you like."
 "Hahaha. Thank you,  Lilianna."  She looked happy because she would get souvenirs from abroad. 
 Meanwhile, I immediately said goodbye to immediately fulfill Sillas' request.  Without waiting long, I went straight to the boutique and took the order for the dress that Aelita would wear at her wedding with Sillas.  Don't stay long in the boutique, after arriving and taking the order that has been prepared by the boutique owner directly.  I didn't wait long and went straight to my house to hand over this order to Sillas.  So that Sillas wouldn't feel like I had ignored his orders.  Finally I arrived home and brought the luxurious dress I had brought from the boutique.
 "This."  While handing over the dress I brought to Sillas. 

###chapter 32
Lilianna's POV 
 "Oh yes, thank you, Lilianna."  Sillas immediately took that dress and secured it. 
 Not long afterward Sillas came straight back to say something to me. 
 "What else?"  I asked. 
 "We got a message from our father to attend an event."
 "What is the event?"
 "You'll find out later."
 "Erm, does it have to be just the two of us? Why don't you just go alone?"
 "No way, he told us both, not just me, Lilianna."
 "Um, yeah, that's fine."
 "The event is tonight, don't go anywhere yet and get ready for it!"
 "Yes."
 I left and went to my room to rest.  Because it's been a long time since I occupied this room while I was staying at Matteo's house with Callum. 
 I see this room is a little outdated and poorly maintained.  I immediately opened the wardrobe to choose the clothes I would wear tonight to the event that Sillas was referring to.  Because Sillas won't rush him.  Because when I leave with Sillas, he is always in a hurry.  So I maximize my preparations from now on so that I don't miss anything. 
 Until the evening you've been waiting for arrives.  I immediately got ready to leave.  It turned out that Sillas was much more ready before I was.  He was waiting for me in front of the car.  I thought I would relax a bit after preparing everything since this afternoon.  But in fact Sillas was always more agile than me.  Unexpectedly, he was ready to leave and made me feel rushed as usual. 
 It didn't take long for us to get into the car.  Sillas drove the car directly without the help of my father's driver.  We turned out to be going to a very fancy police charity dinner.  I felt normal because I was used to attending events like this with my father and my brother.  We get respect here.  There are many dishes that we can choose to taste and eat.  Everything looks interesting and makes the taste buds intrigued.  Sillas and I were invited to sit at the tables and chairs that had been provided for invited guests. 
 "Please, those who have just arrived can immediately occupy the chairs and tables that have been provided. Especially for Mr. Alessio's envoys, you can occupy the table over there, please!"  While showing us to immediately occupy it. 
It turned out to be a different table from the others.  It is more luxurious and elegant.  It seems my father has an important role in this event.  So Sillas and I felt flattered by their welcome.  They were very enthusiastic about welcoming us with great friendliness and politeness.  Sillas and I immediately sat on the chairs and table that had been specially prepared for us.  Until I felt something strange behind this table.  It was like something was moving under the table touching my shoes and feet.  I feel uncomfortable and amused.  Is there a cat downstairs?  I felt more anxious when someone pulled my dress from under the table. 
 "Lilianna..." A soft whisper came from under the table.  I know his voice clearly.  But Sillas didn't seem to hear him because he was more focused on someone who was speaking at the front giving a speech on the podium.  It seems like the organizer of this event is currently standing there.  But I'm still focused on this touch that sneaks under the table.  Behind the table I'm at, there seems to be someone who recognizes me.  Because I heard the rumor calling my name clearly.  I immediately slightly opened the table cloth which was flowing down to the surface of the floor.   But that didn't happen because Sillas suddenly said something to me. 
 "Huh what?"
 But Sillas returned to focusing on the future again.  It seemed like he didn't really intend to chat, just give a response to the speaker in front.  I immediately looked forward to it again. 
 But once again the voice called while pulling my dress.
 "Lilianna."
 I gasped in surprise and looked down slightly revealing the table cloth. 
 "Huh, you?"
 "Sttt!"  He covered his mouth with his index finger and told me to keep quiet so he wouldn't be caught.  It seemed like he was hiding and worried about being caught. 
 I immediately understood Matteo's signal.  But why is Matteo suddenly at this event after being missing for so long for the last few days?  It looks like he is being held captive here, I mean someone is holding him captive here.  That means the perpetrator is the person who is currently hanging around here and who is the mastermind behind Matteo's arrest, meaning the Russian Don. 
 After the official event was postponed and would continue to the next session, a coffee break was opened first.   It turns out that many of the officers who were present here knew me and especially Sillas.  They even recognized Sillas as someone who came and donated to their event.  It turns out that our father Alessio is often a donor and contributes to school funds.  There were several people approaching the foot table while they were having a coffee break.  
One of them explained that Sillas was known as a good guy to the men in blue.  It has even helped prevent bad things from happening to them in the past.  We don't know his true identity.  I don't really care about that.  Let Sillas talk to them.  Meanwhile I focused on Matteo who was still under the table.  Sillas was so great and sophisticated that at once they easily accepted him.  Until they took Sillas to another place to taste the banquet that was available. 
 Meanwhile, I immediately told Matteo to get out from under the table and took him straight to the toilet.  Luckily, this toilet is a public toilet, not a toilet designated for each gender.  In the toilet we immediately locked the door from the inside.  Luckily there are several doors and spaces.  So if someone wants to go to the toilet, they don't have to queue here.  There are other toilets to use so we won't feel disturbed in here.  
 "Where have you been all this time? You've been missing for days and suddenly you're here."  I was worried about Matteo's condition. 
 "It's a long story, I'll explain later."
 "Okay."
 Suddenly Matteo brought his face closer to me and started kissing me with a passion that made me rise too.  There was a semi-hot scene that made Matteo and I feel like we were starting to burn.  Touch after touch of excitement began to occur. 
 Matteo does it absolutely stunningly.  He removed my mini dress very aggressively.  I started to feel the touch of his mouth on my neck creeping and tickling more and more.  I felt mesmerized by his touch this time.  This is beyond my plans and expectations. Everything just happened without me being able to predict. 

###chapter 33
Lilianna's POV
Touch after touch that Matteo gave me made me even higher.  I really made him fly.  This is an experience I will never forget with him.  I never even thought this scene would happen here. 
 "Matteo, you are really crazy."  I said while holding his neck with both my hands.  While his hands continued to grope my thigh area. 
 "You're crazy too, Lilianna." 
 I smiled hearing that as if we were both crazy people who couldn't control their lust. 
 "Are you going to finish it soon?"  I asked spoiled and hoped this wouldn't end now. 
 "Of course."  He released me by pushing me backwards. 
 Immediately I immediately remembered Sillas.  It looks like the event is over because Matteo and I have been making out here for a long time.  That's bad, if the event is really over then I'm worried that someone will find out where Matteo is here.  I immediately made him aware by inviting him to immediately get out of this toilet.  So that no one can find him and he can escape safely from enemy pursuit. 
 "Matteo, we have to leave here immediately before the event is over and all the invited guests disperse."
 "Oh yes, you're right, I almost forgot about that."
 "Come on!"
 Matteo led me and we immediately ran outside while sneaking around.  Walk away from this building area.  Hoping no one would catch us walking out.  Matteo and I were almost far from the building we were in earlier.  I was really nervous because Matteo invited me to be someone he was hunting.  This is the first time I've done something like this.  Sneak and hide so that no one can see we are here.  Until finally our steps took Matteo and me some distance from the building.  It looks like the event is on the verge of closing.  Because there were still lots of people cheering and the sound system which was still on echoed from the building there.  No one was seen leaving or dispersing yet.  I think Sillas is still there inside too.  I'll call him later so he doesn't feel anxious when I suddenly disappear from the event. 
 "Matteo, let's just go back to your house!"
 "Yes, you're right, before the event is over and they disperse, we have to leave here immediately."
 "Okay, just order a taxi online from your cell phone!"  I asked, because if I ordered from my cell phone I was worried that one day it would be tracked by anyone who wanted Matteo and his whereabouts. 
 "Ready."
 Matteo immediately ordered a taxi online and it didn't take long for our order to arrive.  A car stopped right in front of us.  Matteo and I immediately went into it.  We immediately told the driver to leave immediately after being in the car.  The driver immediately drove this car.  The car was traveling at normal speed.  While I was in the car I thought of Sillas again.  I immediately called Sillas so that he wouldn't think anything wrong about me suddenly disappearing.  So that Sillas doesn't feel too worried and worried because I can't go home with her. 
 "Hello, Silas."
 "Lilianna, where are you?"
 "I need to be with my friend and will stay at his house for a while. Sorry it's so sudden but my friend really needs me right now."
 "But what will I say later to Dad, Lilianna."
 "Just tell me what really happened according to what I'm talking about!"
 "Um but, Lilianna..."
 I immediately hung up the phone without waiting for Sillas' response or reply.  I don't need that anymore and the most important thing is that I have provided information that will make Sillas less worried about me in the future. 
 "You've called your brother, haven't you?"
 "Yes, so he doesn't worry too much."
 "Um, Sillas was my friend when I was at college."
 "Huh, are you in the same class?"
 "Yes that's right."
 "Sir, this lady has arrived according to the route."  Suddenly he was stopped by the driver who told him that the car had arrived in front of Matteo's house. 
 "Oh yeah, okay, I've arrived, okay?"
 I was immediately shocked and we immediately got out of the car.  He paid with a credit card online so he was automatically debited without having to pay with cash.  So we could get out of the car straight away.  Matteo and I walked into the house.  Finding the house was quiet, it seemed like the entire household was fast asleep.  Likewise with Callum and Sophie, Matteo and I saw him asleep by peeking between the doors which were not closed tightly.  After feeling everything was safe, Matteo and I suddenly had the idea to take a shower together. 
I entered Matteo's room and Matteo turned on the water tap in his bathroom.  Hot water is provided for us to bathe at nights like this.  In order to get rid of the cold feeling and dust that sticks to the pores of the body because it is swept away by the night wind.  For a moment Matteo and I went to the bath to get into the hot water together.  Immediately I remembered what Matteo said earlier in the car
   The words were interrupted because the taxi driver told us that we had arrived at our destination. 
 "Matteo."
 "Yes?"
 "Continue your previous story!"
 "Which one?"
 "About you being friends with Sillas."
 "Oh, yes, Sillas was my best friend at that time. But after we graduated a dozen years ago, it seems like he started to forget about me. Because we never met face to face again."
 "Yes, especially if you haven't seen each other for years, there are usually lots of striking changes. Sometimes it's hard to recognize at all."
 "Yes, you're right, but it seems like if I say my name he will start to remember me again. Because we used to be very close and often did lots of activities together."
 "Is that your cell phone sound?"  Matteo asked me.
 "Yes, right"
 I was in Matteo's arms and we were both in the same tub.  Leaning our head on Matteo's shoulder  we chatted.  But suddenly I was startled by the sound of my cell phone ringing. 
 "Take it!"
 I tried to reach for it without moving from the tub.  I looked at my cellphone screen and it turned out that the call had come from Sillas. 
 "Sillas."
 "Huh, Sillas called again?"
 "Yes, that's right, Sillas called me again. Don't you pick up?"
 Just disturbing our romantic atmosphere.  In the midst of feeling comfortable, Sillas broke everything up. 
 "Just pick it up!" 
 I answered the phone from Sillas on Matteo's orders and permission.
 We were still completely naked and in a tub filled with water and foamy soap covering our bodies. 
 "Yes Sillas, what else is there?"
 "Where are you?"

###chapter 34
Lilianna's POV 
 "I told you earlier, I'm at my friend's house."
 "I have to take responsibility for you in front of our father, Lilianna."
 "Yes, I know, I told you earlier, just tell me the truth according to what I said to you earlier."
 "Obviously you can't, you know how dad is."
 "Um...."
 I was silent because I didn't know what else to say. 
 "Here, let me do it!"  Suddenly Matteo grabbed my cell phone and was about to answer this call from Sillas.  I was suddenly shocked and surprised by Matteo's sudden attitude.  But I couldn't do anything because I was so shocked I could only watch Matteo talk to Sillas on the telephone. 
 "Lilianna, where are you? Whose voice is that? It sounds like a man's voice. Is your friend not a woman?"  Sillas sounded as if he was surprised to hear Matteo's voice when he took my cell phone.  He seemed to panic and became increasingly anxious and a bit annoyed with me. 
 "Hello, Silas."  Matteo started to greet Sillas. 
 I just stared in silence at this appearance. 
 "Hey, who are you?"
 Matteo changed the setting to loud speaker.  So I could clearly hear Sillas' voice on the phone. 
 "Did you forget my voice?"
 "Yes, tell me who you are! No need to riddle like this!"  Sillas' tone showed annoyance. 
 "Um, okay, okay, I'll say it if you can't guess."
 "Come on, tell me now who are you?!"
 "I was your best friend when I was in college."
 "Huh, my best friend? Hey, come on, don't make small talk, tell me now!"  Sillas couldn't wait to find out who the hell was talking behind the phone call that came from my cell phone. 
 "I'm Matteo."
 "Huh Matteo?"
 "Yes Matteo."
 "Where's Matteo?"
 "Who else if not Matteo Bogdan Castello."  Be clear. 
 "Huh, are you serious? Are you really Matteo Bogdan Castello, my friend from college?"
 "Yes, of course."
 "What are you doing there with my sister Lilianna and how long have you known her?"
 "Hey wait, relax! Let me talk calmly, don't be too hasty, Sillas! You can ask them one by one, not like this!"
 "You're right, Matteo!"  Sillas started to raise his voice again.
 "Hey, what are you up to, Sillas?"
 The sound of water in the bathroom made Sillas feel even more anxious about my current situation with Matteo without any clarity as to what we were doing and what we were doing. 
 "Hello Lilianna, what are you doing with him?"  Sillas asked as if he was very curious about my current activities. 
 "You don't have to overdo it Sillas, your sister is safe with me."
"No! Stay away from Lilianna! Or you will suffer consequences. I'm not playing around, Matteo."
 "I'm also not messing around with your sister Lilianna, Sillas."
 "Hey, don't be kidding! I'm not trying to joke with you! I hope you immediately take firm action to stay away from Lilianna right now!" 
 "Hmm, fine, if you ask like that. But don't be sorry if you see your sister gloomy because she is too crazy about me."
 "Fuck! Watch it, Matteo!"
 Matteo immediately turned off his phone.  After ending the call with Sillas, he suddenly changed his attitude towards me. 
 "Lilianna, you better leave immediately!"
 "Huh why?"  Suddenly I was very surprised to hear that. 
 "Didn't you hear what your brother just said on the phone? Apart from telling you to go home immediately, he also asked me to stay away from you forever, Lilianna."
 "Eee.. bu.. but Matteo."  I don't know why I felt heavy hearted when Matteo kicked me out of his life.  I feel like half of me already has Matteo in it.  So I almost had a hard time facing the fact that I had to be separated from him for the rest of my life.  This really felt like being struck by lightning.  I felt like I had been possessed and hypnotized by Matteo's charm which I found difficult to eliminate in my life, especially in my mind.  It seems I have fallen deeply in love with him. 
 "Never mind, just be realistic, Lilianna!"
 Matteo immediately got up from the bath and immediately rinsed his body, then put on a kimono towel and immediately left the bathroom to enter his room. 
 "But... but Matteo."
 "Don't be fooling around, go!"
 He seemed angry and looked colder.  Didn't pay attention to me anymore and then walked into the room leaving me.  I immediately got up and then rinsed my body.  The water that came out of the shower faucet poured down my face and body.  Along with tears that suddenly fell automatically without me being able to hold them back.  I really don't understand this incident.   I immediately chased Matteo into the room.  But Matteo still ignored me.  Treat me as if I don't exist.  Until finally I felt disappointed and immediately put on my clothes.  Then immediately went out of Matteo's house.  Matteo didn't chase me at all and there was no determination on his part to chase me. 
 Several days passed after Sillas scolded me, Sillas and I visited the graves of people who were loyal to me but they died defending my father.  Every Saturday morning we always do this and visit the public cemetery to remember their services.  Unexpectedly, Matteo was also here.  His face looked gloomy when we accidentally passed each other.  Suddenly Matteo said something in front of Sillas. 
 "Sillas, listen to me! I can't forget your sister Lilianna. So give us your blessing to stay together."
 At first Sillas still had an angry and confused face.  But over time, he began to melt down after Matteo spoke to him several times to persuade him and pitied him.  Finally Sillas agreed that I would be close to Matteo again. 
 "Yes, you two can be close again, but with conditions."
 "What's that?"
 "Take care of Lilianna and keep her away from the evil mafia!"
 "Yes, I will try to get out of the evil world surrounding the mafia."
 After the agreement Sillas finally let me walk with Matteo and he went home first.  Now the two of us live on the hill around the public cemetery.  Then walk in the other direction and sit there looking at the city from the roof of the penthouse and then enjoy some romantic moments.   However, while we were engrossed in romance, we were suddenly startled by the sound of police sirens and gunshots from a distance.  It looks like Matteo is still their target.  Because Matteo is still tied to a mafia group full of criminal intrigue within it.  Not yet able to escape the shackles of the mafia world.  Finally we immediately looked for a safe place to hide. 
 Matteo took me in a hurry and ruined all our romantic impressions.  I initially felt shocked but tried to understand the situation that Matteo was not just anyone who could live a normal life like most people.  So I have to be able to understand every incident that happens suddenly while I'm with him.  Trying to make peace with a situation like this. 

###chapter 35
Lilianna's POV
Since we received Sillas' blessing.  It was time for him to get married to Aelita.  Now Sillas will marry the daughter of the Russian Don.  I feel really bad today.  Starting to reveal everything that will happen.  But it's hard to prevent it from actually becoming a reality. 
 "Sillas."
 "Yes, what's wrong, Lilianna?"
 I wanted to say something to him based on my knowledge and gut feeling but stopped.  Especially when someone called Sillas to come out immediately and we would rush to the altar to hold Sillas and Aelita's wedding there. 
 Knock knock knock.
 "Come in!"
My father's confidant picked Sillas up in his room.  I immediately turned to look at him and had difficulty speaking again after he came to tell Sillas that we had to go to the altar immediately.  Because Don's Russian family had been waiting for us there and had arrived a few minutes ago to inform my father by telephone. 
 "Sillas, come on! Boss Alessio has ordered you to immediately take you to the altar. I will drive the car and you as the bride and groom just have to sit back and relax until we get there."
 "Um, okay, have the bride's family arrived at the altar?"
 "Yes, they just called Alessio's boss and said they arrived at the altar a few minutes ago."
 "Okay, okay. You go downstairs first! Lilianna and I will follow you down soon too."
 The person sent by my father went first according to Sillas' request. 
 Sillas went back to fixing his appearance by fixing the jacket and tie he was wearing.  He was still standing in front of the mirror while I was not far from beside him standing still watching him fix his appearance. 
 I don't have much time to talk now.  But I felt like I really wanted to say something to Sillas.  Before everything actually happens and I will feel regret after the bitter reality hits my family later.  After finishing fixing herself, Sillas immediately walked out of her room. 
 "Come on, Lilianna!"  He walked first and while I was still staring at the side of the mirror. 
 When he was about to take a few steps towards the door of his room to get out of here.  I suddenly opened my mouth to make a sound. 
 "Sillas."
 "Hey, what else is there?"  Sillas immediately turned towards me, turning his neck and turning his head back. 
 "Eee.. no! You forgot to wear this."  Suddenly I became stiff and my tongue felt loose and I had difficulty continuing my words. 
 I walked towards him and put a fresh red rose right in his jacket pocket. 
 "Oh yeah, I almost forgot."  Sillas said. 
 "Thank you, Lilianna, for remembering me."  he continued. 
 "Yes of course, you're welcome, Sillas."
 I paired it with slightly shaking hands.  I can't hide the true feelings I'm experiencing in my feelings. 
 I stared at Sillas full of stiffness.  But he seems busy with himself.  Without being able to pay attention to the movements of my eyes and the signals I convey through my eyes.  But I understand it because it's the day before the wedding takes place.  He was very enthusiastic and looked a little nervous and stuttered in doing something.  Maybe he is starting to feel nervous about the time when he will make a sacred promise to live and die with his partner later.  It will open new paths and pages.  Starting a new life with his soul mate.  But no, Sillas was completely mistaken about his fate and destiny.  I'm already having a hard time saying everything that could have happened at the wedding. 
 "Come on, Lilianna! Why have you been silent and daydreaming a lot? Aren't you happy that your brother is getting married soon? Huh?"
 "Um no! That's not what Sillas is, I didn't mean it like that."
 "But?" 
 There was silence without an answer.  Suddenly Sillas waved his hand in front of my face and invited me to immediately hurry down and get into the car that had been provided by my father's men. 
 "Ah never mind, it's not that important. Come on!"
 Turned around and walked a little hastily.  Likewise, I quickened my steps so I could catch up with Sillas's very hasty steps. 
 We immediately got into the car after arriving downstairs.  So that the event doesn't drag on and take up a lot of time while traveling.  Moreover, I am worried that the roads will be jammed today considering it is the weekend.  We immediately went to the altar to fulfill Sillas and Aelita's wedding plans. 
 Arriving at the altar, our group and I immediately went down and went to the altar and entered.  There are many people here who want to witness Sillas and Aelita's wedding.  The bride-to-be looked beautiful in the dress I had brought as her order. Aelita looks luxurious but still elegant.  Beside her was Vlad Petrov, who was the father of my late lover.  He once refused me to be his daughter-in-law when my father and he were having a big conflict which was very heated and escalated.  But with Sillas he even wanted to make him his son-in-law.  The world really isn't fair to me.  But it's okay because now Matteo is in my life.  Callum's existence is much more valuable than Jeremy's existence.  Callum gave me hope to stay alive in all the possibilities that life might bring.  I felt like I had to endure it and wanted to float it until it grew up.  He makes me enthusiastic to live this life which is clearly not easy. 
 As soon as we arrived at the altar and the wedding process was about to take place, there was nothing that made me hesitate here.  Everything seems fine.  But when Aelita and Sillas were about to go to the podium to tie the knot.  Suddenly I saw a figure I knew among the group of people present at this altar.  He smiled at me and waved his hand slowly.  I saw Matteo and next to him carrying Sillas.  Huh?  Why was he able to attend and be invited by... By whom?  Was it the Russian Don who invited him?  Or my father?  Um, maybe Sillas?  Hmmm... I don't know, let it go.  Obviously he didn't do anything that I didn't want to happen at my sister's wedding. 
 When Aelita and Sillas had arrived at the front and faced the priest.  Suddenly there was a big explosion from outside.  Making everyone inside panic and immediately lay down without being instructed by anyone. 
 "Lie down!!!"  Someone told you to get down. 
 I also lay down and while holding my head covered my ears spontaneously. 
 Suddenly a group of mafia came into the altar and started causing chaos.  Pointing the gun they were carrying at certain people they were targeting.  Those who were targeted were told to stand up. 
 "Stand!" 
 "Raise your hands!" 
 "Put down weapons!"   Some tried to fight back by taking out weapons from their pockets. 

###chapter 36
 Lilianna's POV 
 After everyone was silent, finally someone tried to shoot my father Alessio and Sillas at the same time. 
 Bang bang bang.
 "Dad... Sillasss..." Suddenly I screamed spontaneously without hesitation. 
 Wide-eyed by the sighting that occurred.  Suddenly I saw Matteo take out a gun and want to shoot at Aelita.  Instantly the Russian Don saw this.  He immediately tried to save Elita from Matteo's shot. 
 "Aelita, watch out!"
 Aelita bounced because she was pushed.  Meanwhile, the Russian Don almost got hit by a bullet but missed because he also fell.  The Russian Don immediately got up and chased Matteo.  Matteo came out running while leading and holding Callum and then carrying him on his lap.  Running strong and a chase going on outside.  The sound of gunfire never stopped.  I'm worried about Callum and Matteo's condition.  But on the other hand, my father and Sillas had to be immediately rushed to the hospital because the gunshot wounds were quite serious in their chests.  
 Everyone inside scattered and some helped the gunshot victims.  I immediately rushed to take my father and Sillas to the hospital.  But unfortunately, both of them really couldn't be helped at all.  They died from being shot because it turned out that the bullets were very deadly and contained dangerous toxins that the body of the person who was shot could not tolerate. 
 The doctor came out of the room with a very gloomy expression on his face.  There was a feeling of weakness in the doctor who treated Father and Sillas. 
 "Excuse me, are you Miss Lilianna, the patient's family?"
 "Yes, that's right, doc."
 For a moment the doctor was pensive and his eyes drooped downwards, indicating feelings of mourning. 
 "Um."  
 "How is it doc?"  I immediately picked up the ball wanting the quickest answer from him. 
 The Doctor shook his head and folded his lips and pressed them together. 
 "What do you mean? Tell me something about my father and my brother!"  I half forced him to spontaneously raise my voice. 
 "Sorry, Miss."
 "Doc?"
 "It can no longer be saved and..."
 "What do you mean? Come on doc, do your best, I'll pay whatever it takes!"
 "I can't Miss, fate has said that Mr. Alessio and Mr. Sillas have died and can no longer be helped."
 I felt fragile and suddenly stiff all over my body.  Without anyone being able to wake me up, I went limp and felt like the earth was dark for a moment.  My body slumped down but didn't faint.  I couldn't believe the reality of this actually happening. 
It couldn't be delayed any longer, the doctor immediately advised me to immediately take care of the process of eating my father and Sillas.  Because he had a gunshot wound which, if left for a little longer, the burns would spread to all parts of their body.  So it will be more difficult to take care of the body for burial later. 
 I immediately carried out the doctor's advice even though I felt very weak and lacking in strength.  Matteo and Callum suddenly came here.  I don't have the guts to be emotional or angry right now.  Don't discuss this issue any further with him.  He also took me to the funeral of my late father and Sillas.  I got out of the car while Matteo and Callum waited for me in the car.  Because he was worried that he would be in danger again if he came down and came to the funeral.  I don't mind that either.  In fact, they tend not to care if that is their decision. 
 Shortly after the funeral took place and finished.  I went straight back into Matteo's car and met Callum.  In the car, Matteo promised me he would fix everything and immediately regret what he did to my family.  I ignored his words because I was still grieving and felt like I was not grounded on earth. 
 "Lilianna, I promise I will make things right, I'm sorry."
 "Yes."  That's all my answer is short and very short. 
 "Lilianna, listen to me, I will accompany you in your next days. Don't worry, I will always be there for you."
 "Yes."  Again and again I'm reluctant to give a long response. 
 "Lilianna."
 "Especially?"  My tone suddenly rose because Matteo didn't stop babbling even though I responded very briefly. 
 "I want to visit the graves of your father and brother before we go home. Besides, I think it's safe outside and there's no one there."
 "Yeah, whatever." 
 "You and Callum are coming too!"
 "Just you!"
 "Come on! Look poor Callum wants to see his grandfather's grave."
 I turned to look at Callum's face and finally said yes to Matteo and got out of the car to go back to my father's and Sillas' graves. 
 When we arrived in front of the grave, there was nothing strange.  Matteo prayed for my father and brother.  However, when he was about to go home and turned around just a few steps, suddenly something surprising happened.  Suddenly my father and Sillas' graves exploded.  It looks like someone put a grenade in the chest.  God damn it!  Damn!  Who would do such a cruel thing? 
 In addition, suddenly someone threw a homemade bomb at my father's and Sillas' graves when we were about to look at what was happening behind us.  Suddenly it made Callum cry and Matteo immediately became furious. 
 It turned out that there were several people behind the tree and in several places almost surrounding our position.  Suddenly it surprised us like that was what someone ordered.  They fled before the confrontation.  Just as Matteo was about to clean his wounds, he was hit by a few sparks from the homemade bomb explosion.  Suddenly Matteo said something to you. 
 "Lilianna, I have done a lot of harm and disappointment to your family. I'm sorry! I couldn't avoid this bad fate, especially since the Russian mafia boss is too powerful and I feel there's nothing I can do to anticipate all this. But don't worry, next I will take over his leadership."  Then kissed my forehead with deep guilt. 
 "Matteo."  My eyes were teary and it was hard to speak. 
 "Lilianna, honestly, I never wanted this bad thing to happen, but circumstances forced it to happen. But I promise I will take responsibility for all this chaos."
 I just cried automatically without being able to hold it in anymore.  Meanwhile Matteo hugged me and Callum too.  Another time, after we had arrived at his house for some time, Matteo immediately held an important meeting with the higher-ups who would help him resolve all these problems.  I can now only accept the bitter reality that has just happened to my family.  I just entrust everything to Matteo.  I believe that there is still a good side in him.  Because he is the father of my child, there is no way he wants to destroy my life on purpose.  So I left everything in Matteo's hands.  I don't dare voice my opinion because I don't know what the real mafia world is like.  I'm too blind for things like that.  So that's all Matteo's next business. 

###chapter 37
Lilianna's POV
After my father and Sillas left forever.  Now I have to prepare myself to join the big mafia group that my father has been offering me.  Since he was still alive, I have always been identified as the future regeneration of his group.  Sure enough, it was my turn to take my father's power into my own hands without anyone dictating anymore.  My father is gone now, and so is my brother, too.  So now the responsibility is really on my shoulders.  I had to take it upon myself and start taking responsibility for everything.  Try and try to continue with confidence even though you don't have sufficient background experience, even if I am still completely raw. 

 But by learning from experience after experience that happened in my life.  Then I will be able to overcome all the problems in the mafia world later.  Although I really find it difficult to get started.  But if I don't start then all my father's business will be in vain.  Businesses that have been built for a long time will go bankrupt drastically with nothing left.  I can't live in squalor.  Moreover, since birth I have been treated to and pampered by material things resulting from my father's hard work.  Even though in fact my father earned his income from haram businesses.  But if I stop here then I will be very adrift and have difficulty moving at first and will feel very stuttering in living life.  So I think I have to insist on continuing with great force. 

 Today is the day when I gather many of my late father's colleagues and subordinates.  Everyone was present without exception.  Here I started to act as a speaker who seemed skilled at leading meetings.  In theory, it might not be too difficult, but in practice in the field I still stare at the moon from a distance. 

 "Okay, thank you for coming to this meeting. I am Lilianna, the daughter of boss Alessio, who deliberately invited all my colleagues to attend to provide information regarding the continuation of this business which has been running for a long time. I hope all my colleagues will not mind if I attend.  suddenly in this group. Because I have to immediately make a decision and take over my father's position as the sole heir. Is there anyone who has objections or perhaps any suggestions?"

 "Yes, we can only accept what happened according to reality, Miss Lilianna."

 "Yes, that's true, we can't refuse or object because everything is going according to procedures that are clearly stated in authentic matters. That in the heir's rights clearly refers to you as the sole heir of boss Alessio's business."

 "Okay, if everyone agrees, doesn't anyone else want to have an opinion?"

 "No Miss, we think everything is clear and more than enough."

 "Yes, thank you, then I will immediately make plans regarding the future of the business. As for several related matters that I need, I will immediately provide further information. That's enough for this meeting. Apart from that, I hope there will be no rumors.  behind. Because I have opened a forum to voice the opinions of everyone present here."

 After completing a meeting with the ranks of his late father's mafia group.  I immediately continued my other activities.  I thought that meeting Matteo and Callum was the next thing I would do.  So I immediately went to Matteo's house to meet Matteo and his child. 

 Before I finally decided to go to Matteo's house.  I had heard some rumors that weren't good.  I feel like someone wants to throw me away from this mafia group.  There was a lot of conflict.  To the point that I heard a conversation between them that I accidentally overheard and they didn't know I was there. 

 "Hey, do you guys agree with Lilianna being our new boss?"

 "I don't!"

 "Me, too!"

 "Yes, I think that a woman is not very capable of being the leader of a large mafia group like ours."

 "So what should we do now other than follow Lilianna's lead?"

 "Carrying out covert rebellion."

 "Yes, I agree."

 "Great idea."

 "I will also take the stand."

 "Didn't you look consolidated earlier?"

 "Ah no, that's just acting. How could I want to be led by a weak woman who is also just a little kid."

 I heard it very clearly.  They appear unwilling to be led by a woman.  It seems like they are proud or maybe they are losing their competition and there is a hidden enemy behind that. But from here I began to understand that the mafia world is full of hypocrisy and it is very dangerous to trust people's responses too much.  I have to start anticipating and guarding myself from being touched by cunning evil hands.

 I immediately went to Matteo and asked for his opinion about all this.  When I arrived at Matteo's house, I found Callum being looked after by Shopie and asked him to leave the house area.  Now there is only Matteo in his office.  I approached him without hesitation. 

 "Hey Matteo, what are you doing? Maybe my coming is bothering you?"

 "Eh Lilianna you've come, um... no! No! Your presence here doesn't bother me at all."

 "Thank goodness then, because there is something I want to tell you."

 "What is it? Come on and tell me right away! I'm ready to hear it."

 "You already know that I took over my father's power in the mafia group, right?"

 "Um, oh yeah?"

 "Don't pretend you don't know about that!"

 "Erm... Just do it!"  He said briefly as if he had heard my story even though I hadn't had time to say anything more than that.

 "Besides, I already know who made bad comments and was a provocateur in your group." 

 "Huh, how do you know? Where were you among us earlier?"

 Matteo smiled faintly.

 "I've taken care of everything, you just have to wait for your subordinates' next report."

 "What do you  mean?"

 

 A call came into my cell phone. 

 "That's it! Pick it up!"

 "Huh?"  I was wide-eyed and had difficulty understanding the strange situation that was happening right now. 

 "Miss Lilianna, I have bad news."

 "Huh, what?"

 "The two most influential people in our business have just passed away. The most loyal people and trusted people of your late father, Miss."

 "Why? Why did he suddenly die? What actually happened? Tell me quickly!"

 "Someone shot him in the back when we were hanging out at a coffee place after that meeting."

###chapter 38
Lilianna's POV 
 I immediately turned to Matteo.  Matteo smiled like he had done something I never instructed him to do.  Killed the two people who had rejected me behind my back.  After saying the names of the two people, I remembered which person it was.  I immediately felt that Matteo had eliminated those two damn people in my group so as not to cause further chaos. 
 "Okay, immediately take care of the funeral process and I'll be there as soon as my business is finished!"
 "Okay miss, we are waiting for you to arrive at the funeral later!"
 After the call ended, I chatted with Matteo for a moment before looking back at the data that I had brought in the suitcase that I was carrying. 
 "Hahaha... you've got the answer now, right?"
 "You did it, Matteo?"
 "According to you?"
 "But why? Why did you do it?"
 Matteo smiled again without answering. 
 "Matteo, do you have to move that fast? I haven't even had time to think in that direction. But you executed it straight away without any negotiation."  I continued to be quite amazed at Matteo's super fast way of working.
 "You don't have to wait too long to eliminate losers and rebels. Because letting them live any longer will only invite many disasters to come into our lives. It's better to eliminate them immediately so that they don't become sharp thorns in the group you are starting to join."
 I frowned, finding it hard to decipher everything.  But he could actually think that fast.  His thinking and movement are very automatic without needing to think long.  Even though it's naive, it could be the solution I'm currently looking for.  Before he finally heard the story about the problem I had just experienced.  The story I tell from my own mouth.  He was able to understand it long before I told Matteo everything.  Really great and he was able to be a shield for me.  I really need Matteo to accompany me in my life.  So that I don't become stiff in entering the world of the mafia which is difficult for my normal mind to digest.  I would be really overwhelmed if I had to lead it myself. 
 Of course there had to be Matteo's intervention as someone experienced in the mafia world for me to be able to lead well and smoothly.  Looks like I have to make Matteo a legitimate part of my life.  So that he can accompany me in completing every mission that will be pursued and targeted.  If I'm alone I feel inadequate and not sure everything will always run smoothly.  In fact, there are many unexpected things that happen in just one group.  Not to mention other groups who are friends, enemies or groups that are just getting to know each other.  It's really all difficult to guess and predict.  But Matteo was used to reading situations accurately and efficiently. 
I immediately opened the manilla file.  Looked down and opened the suitcase that I carried everywhere today.  Because he had just held a gathering as authentic evidence and lubricant in conveying ideas in front of the audience. 
 Because if I came empty-handed earlier at the gathering.  I will feel less confident in speaking and it will make it difficult for me to convey related messages.  Because everything must be based on facts and data.  So that 
 I was able to speak fluently without the slightest obstacle. 
 To find out more about my father's business, of course I have to open this file.  Opened it sheet by sheet in front of Matteo.  Matteo was also interested in reading it.  I tried to examine and examine the statements in each of these files one by one to better understand what was in them.  Both what is known and what is not generally known about your late father's mafia group.  I immediately studied it to be able to tinker with the machines and frameworks in the group.
 After reading it little by little, I understood it and immediately studied it.  I didn't waste my time asking Matteo about many things related to what I was reading.  To gain enlightenment that I don't yet understand the meaning and purpose. 
 "Okay Matteo, thank you for giving me many valuable instructions and lessons regarding the problems of the mafia world. Thank you also for protecting me from evil hands that could threaten my safety in the future. If you hadn't taken the role earlier then  I would be very confused and could become a target of terror from those irresponsible and greedy hands."
 "Yes, no problem, Lilianna, don't be shy about me. I will always be number one and be the front guard for you. If that's not the case, then I'm really worried that your safety will be threatened. So be careful because there are many petty people who are in the mafia group environment.  Of course, many of them don't have a sincere heart. Because the priority is to seek as much material as possible and put aside their conscience. For this reason, the main mission in this mafia business is to become superior and a top class capitalist."
 "Yes, I can understand what you mean. That almost everyone is fighting for power and seats even though their groups are attacking each other and there is chaos."
 "That's true, so stay alert. Keep your stock of trust close and don't sell it and sell it at a cheap price. This is also for your good in the future. So that you don't be careless in giving trust to other people. Because in fact, your father's trusted people clearly don't like you.  Your position and position. That means they also have the same intentions towards your late father and your older brother, Sillas."
 "Yeah, that's right."
 I can only understand and realize all this.  Through this incident, the bad side and character of my group was revealed.  Matteo is really sophisticated in thinking and analyzing situations.  He can even read a person's personality and intentions towards someone.  He really learned from his own experience. 
 I don't think I have long to stay with Matteo today.  Because there is still a lot of new work that I have to take care of.  Moreover, completing old work that had been neglected due to the sudden deaths of his father and Sillas.  I have a lot of work that I have to finish immediately and get to the bottom of until I can really breathe a little easier.  Not like now, I don't feel so calm in living this life. 
 Matteo insisted he would be by my side and he wanted to see how some of the meetings went.   And Matteo gave me ways on how I should treat the people in my group to gain their respect.   So he would take part in the morning meeting the next day.
 "Okay, Matteo, I'll just say goodbye.  Because I don't have to miss it."
 I immediately said goodbye to Matteo. 

###chapter 39
Matteo's POV
Lilianna started holding meetings this morning.  Where I started doing everything and responded to it with complete calm.  Although calm is not easy of course.  But when people need my help, I will do it one by one, swiftly, step by step.  From the front, Lilianna watched me attentively as if she was analyzing that this was me standing here.  It seemed like she didn't realize that I had infiltrated her group and disguised myself as someone she didn't recognize at all.  Don't even show me, Matteo, to anyone here. 
 After I heard Lilianna talk a lot in front.  She explained her reasons for taking over her father's duties as her right because she was the sole heir. 
 I paid close attention to the words that came out of Lilianna's mouth, which was spotlessly clean in the mafia world.  Until I studied one by one the groups present at this place.  Examining those who are pros and cons of Lilianna's new leadership.  I will always be scouting her to protect Lilianna from sudden enemy attacks.  Because now I am fully responsible for the mother of my child. 
 In the room everyone seemed to agree with the questions and decisions set by their new boss.  But while they were outside, they were planning something bad for Lilianna and to overthrow her throne.  This is truly a mafia world full of phototaorgana.  I felt like everything had become latent but Lilianna still manifested it and thought everything was equally good.  Too innocent and completely swallows everything in front of her eyes.  She doesn't really look into things that may not be visible but will have a big impact on her life.  Lilianna was too innocent and stiff.  So I have to help her to survive in this mafia world that she has just entered. 
 "Do you agree if Lilianna becomes our next leader?"
 "Oh definitely not, I don't want to be led by a woman."
 "Yes, what's more, Lilianna is a new person who doesn't know anything about our business world."
 There is still a lot more chatter from them when they gather outside the forum.  I even saw Lilianna there too.  But they don't seem to be aware of that.  So they lightly discussed their dislike for Lilianna who suddenly appeared to take over her late father's power. 
 A moment after Lilianna was seen leaving there.  I'm still sitting here watching their increasingly suspicious movements.  I spied on them and started eavesdropping on exactly what they were going to do to Lilianna next. 
 "We'd better just kill Lilianna straight away."
 "Yes, I agree, so that she doesn't become a hindrance in our business. Moreover, she doesn't have any additional value that we can maintain and utilize in our group. She only has the privilege of being Alessio's son."
 "I guess what we'll do this afternoon?"
 "Yeah that's good, the sooner the better."
 Hearing this, I felt angry and immediately became angry.  Those who were careless because they were chatting and planning their evil actions were suddenly shocked by my unexpected action. 
 Bang bang bang.
 I shot two people who I read were the provocateurs and masterminds behind all this.  They were both Alessio's confidants in their day.  I have suspected that they were traitors for a long time but were still used as confidants. 
 "Huh, who is that?"
 Suddenly it shocked them.  I immediately ran from my current position to get away from them.  Before they have any thoughts of replying to me right now. 
 "Eh, that's him! Who is that person??"
 "Damn! It turns out someone was eavesdropping from there earlier."
 They missed it, the mafia is clearly very stupid.  In fact, they couldn't catch up with me and were confused because they didn't carry any weapons at all.  I only had time to chase for a while then gave up my intention and apparently went back to taking care of the friend I shot earlier. 
 I stroked my chest and breathed a sigh of relief and then threw it out of my mouth.  A sign that now I am free.  I went back to my house to take care of other matters.  When I got home I went straight into my study and just sat down for a moment to think for a moment about what I would do next, suddenly I was surprised by the arrival of Lilianna into my study. 
 "Hey, you're here too, it turns out, Lilianna."
 "Yes, I just joined forces with my father's mafia group. Consolidating and announcing the sole heir to my father's business."
"Um, yes, then did the event go smoothly?"  I pretended not to know at first and wanted to confirm what Lilianna got from the information she met in the field earlier.  I want to measure the level of sensitivity.  But apparently after she complained and told everything about what she had experienced earlier.  I think she knows there is a smell of rebellion in her group.  It's just that she never knew that this afternoon she would almost lose her life.  Luckily I didn't go straight home and was still sitting there watching their movements.  If I was in a hurry to leave then Lilianna's history would be over for today. 
 Just as Lilianna was talking about her problem, suddenly a call came in on her cell phone.  I already suspected that she would be contacted by her subordinates.  It turned out that it was true that I immediately gave the code so that Lilianna immediately picked it up. 
 "Just pick it up! It must be from your men. Then you'll know what happened."
 "Okay, wait a moment, I'll answer the phone first, Matteo."
 Lilianna was spontaneously shocked to hear the bad news from her men about the two people who died because they were shot earlier.  Two of her late father's confidants died in vain today.  Lilianna immediately looked at me and began to understand the plot I had put together. 
 "Matteo, did you do it?"
 "According to you?"
 Lilianna didn't seem to understand my action which was completely beyond her expectations.  The look on her face conveyed the feeling of having just come down from a high.  Jumped with a parachute and almost fell out of her heart.  Looks like that's what she's feeling right now.  Feeling grateful because she had just been freed from the bad plans that could have happened in her life today and would happen to her this afternoon. 
 I'll tell her a little about what happened when she wasn't there.  She listened to my story and then immediately opened the file she brought.  Then read it carefully and try asking me for opinions and suggestions. 

###chapter 40
Matteo's POV
 She learned everything here that the partnership meeting she had with her late father's mafia group would be postponed to the next meeting that had been scheduled earlier.    I just guided her in the right direction when she asked.  Lilianna let me explain all the ins and outs without feeling teachery.  In fact, she was happy when I tried to get inside her to explain what she wanted to know a lot about the mafia world according to the file she showed me.  It turned out that Lilianna was really innocent.  She wasn't even afraid to open this file in front of me, who wasn't actually part of her group.  She trusts me too easily.  This is precisely what makes me feel sorry for her.  Don't have the heart to let her be surrounded by bad people who could harm her.  She's too good for a mobster. 
 After I explained a lot of things she asked me.  Finally, Lilianna dared to make a decision and she told me and then asked me for advice again.  Whether the decision is right or not, she still needs a little convincing.  So I assured her that the decision she had taken was quite right and could be realized.  She was happy and amazed by my praise and support. 
 In fact, I became very interested in her when Lilianna had made her decision and was thinking about what she would do after the last meeting.  I think she is quite intelligent in thinking, but she is too kind and innocent.  I felt fascinated when she firmly stated her decision in front of me.  I don't know because maybe basically I'm falling in love with her.  So everything feels better.  But it's true that Lilianna has talent in the mafia world, she just needs to hone and direct it.  With various experiences in the future, she will be able to become a person who can lead her group, I think. 
 After talking and discussing things she didn't know much about the mafia world.  She immediately said goodbye to me and rushed to visit the residence of her subordinate who had just died.  She wants to be seen as a leader who is quick to respond and can respect her subordinates even though behind the scenes she already knows their true rottenness. 
 "Okay Matteo, it looks like I have to go now to immediately visit the funeral procession of my subordinate who... oh never mind. The point is I have to pretend to appreciate it by attending the funeral."
"Yes, you have to show a personal side that looks like nothing happened between you.  You have to learn to be beautiful and adopt chameleon knowledge which is very useful in this mafia world!"
 "Yes of course Matteo, thank you for the advice and knowledge and attention you have showered on me. I really didn't think something like this could happen. I hope now nothing will happen out there when I'm about to leave."
 "I hope so too, Lilianna. May safety always accompany you wherever you are. Don't be afraid or worried. I will back you up, Lilianna."
 "Thank you very much Matteo, I'll go."
 Lilianna immediately left and left me alone back in my study.  I smiled after she left.  I feel like she has made my life as if it only contains her.  It seems like I really fell in love and started to love Lilianna.  This is proven by my attitude which I feel has changed drastically like this.  Becomes very melancholy and is ready to commit herself to Lilianna at any time.  I feel that falling in love has made me a superhero who always wants to be at the forefront of the subject he loves.  I was even happy when Lilianna asked me a lot of questions about things she didn't know about the mafia world.  I feel used by her and can be relied on. 
 Just a moment Lilianna left here just now.  I'm going crazy and can only smile to myself thinking about it.  She looked so typical when she started joining a big mafia group.  Her aura grew and made me even more fascinated by her.  Lilianna truly exuded an extraordinary aura.  So I feel that loving her is not wrong this time.  Even though I am still bound by a relationship with Massima Adelina, a woman from Italy.  Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted when Shopie knocked on the door to take Callum to me. 
 Knock knock knock.
   Shopie knocked on the door as she loudly called my name from behind the door of my study.  Outside she seemed to be with Callum because her voice could be heard all the way to my table. 
 "Matteo... Can I come in?"
 "Yes Sophie, come in!"
 Sophie came in and brought Callum in front of me. 
 "Matteo, I'm going to take Callum to my house for a moment. Would you allow that?"
 "Um, okay. Let me take you, okay?"
 "In that case, okay."
 I immediately rushed to start the car after walking and arrived at the garage.  Together with Shopie and Callum in the car we immediately drove towards Sophie's house.  Until we arrived in front of Sophie's house.  I didn't go down with the two of them.  Just waiting in the car in front of his house to make sure everything was safe after the two of them entered Shopie's house for a while.  It turned out to be safe and there were no signs that anything bad had happened or would happen. 
 "Aren't you coming down first, Matteo?"
 "No, Shopie, I still have work to do. I'll just leave Callum to you. For anything related to Callum, you can call me at any time!"
 "Well that's for sure."
 "Okay, come in now!"
 "Ready."
 I saw Shopie walking on Callum's lap and entering her house.  After that I had time to stay here and think a little.  Then I immediately thought back to Lilianna.  I immediately thought I would follow her to where she had gone.  To ensure that she would be safe there.  Worried that something unexpected will happen.  So I have to always monitor it so I don't miss it.  She is in a vulnerable area and still needs assistance.  Because it is possible that evil hands will injure her or even kill her without any conscious calculation.  So I will continue to look after it even from behind the scenes.  I drove my car to the public cemetery which was suspected to be the burial place of mafia members who were members of the late Alessio's group.  They are always buried there if any of them dies.  So I immediately went there right now.  Drove at a fast speed and in a hurry.  Before I feel sorry for missing a lot of important information about Lilianna.  I don't want Lilianna to be in trouble when I'm not around to monitor the situation in the area where she is standing.  Until the speed of driving took me to my final destination.  I started to check the situation outside first in the car to monitor it.

###chapter 41
Lilianna's POV
I actually feel uncomfortable being in this mafia world.  Especially when I got a lot of rejection while in the field.  For this reason, I will cancel my choice of taking over my father's business.  But I will just stay longer in this mafia group than I need just to get revenge.  So I really need help from my late father's position as a privilege to be respected and followed by even a few people in the group.  The rest may be in the spotlight for other groups.  I took revenge for the deaths of my father, Sillas, and Jeremy in the past.  Because my wounds have not healed from the incident where I lost the people closest to me.  If I don't take revenge then I will continue to be busy with prolonged fear and terror.  Especially regarding the safety of those closest to me now.  More importantly, it is about the safety of my son Callum, and his father, Matteo.  I have no one left but those who are faithful on this earth.  Especially after it was followed by the departure of my father and brother. 
 "Matteo, what should I do to immediately carry out my revenge?"
 "Of course, by directly targeting their mafia boss. Who else but the Russian Don? We have to start being firm in killing the kingpin. Here, his subordinates will follow his head. If their head is tripped, then life is over. So the main thing now is to track down Don's whereabouts in Russia. To be able to execute it shortly."
 "Yes, you're right, Matteo. There's no point in taking too long to let him breathe a sigh of relief. It will only damage our future business structure. Not to mention that he will become increasingly capitalistic and reluctant to share opportunities with others. He is quite greedy and often uses any means necessary.  We need to quickly eradicate it."
 "Sure, are you ready now to do it?"
 "I think I'll start now!"
 I felt helped by having Matteo beside me.  Even though he was impressed he was giving me a piggyback ride.  Sometimes I feel and think, is it possible that Matteo is using me for his purposes?  But is Matteo that evil to be able to carry out his mission?  I don't think so, Matteo can't take advantage of this situation by making me look like his puppet.  I believe that Matteo this time has a sincere heart towards me and wants to help me as much as possible to solve everything. 
 Matteo and I worked together to stay afloat.  We couldn't wait any longer and let the Don Russians attack again and take the lead.
 So we have to immediately track their current movements and play smart.
 Matteo and I immediately met the technician to move quickly.  Meanwhile, Matteo's friend is assigned to find the whereabouts of the Russian mafia boss.  We divide each task so that matters can be completed quickly and realized. 
 "Okay then, what should we do now?
 "We divide the tasks,"  Matteo said while dividing the tasks that would be carried out by each of them. 
 "You and I are meeting with technicians, while Louis and Anthony are monitoring the Russian mafia boss to ensure his movements. I hope that our communication will run smoothly and we will continue to communicate with each other to exchange information that can support the smooth running of our mission!"
 "Ready Matteo, come on, Anthony, let's start doing our job!"
 "Come on! Let's go first, Matteo."
 "Yes, be careful, take care of yourselves!"
 Anthony and Louis showed their thumbs up. 
 Now it's just me and Matteo here.  Without waiting long, we went straight to the technology shop to meet the technician there.  Making sure that what we need is there.  As support in carrying out our mission. 
 I admit that when I found Matteo in my life, it felt like he had given me experience in terms of following people and being a spy.  Matteo has awakened my intelligent soul.  So that I am quicker and more agile in thinking and more agile in acting and making decisions. 
 After we managed to find a technician at the technology shop and carried out what we expected, of course, we went straight back to Matteo's house.  Feeling like the burden on your shoulders is starting to get heavy.  I gave a code and signaled that I needed to take a break with my child.  Matteo immediately understood my inner needs.  He immediately invited Callum and me to dinner at a very luxurious restaurant. 
 We started chatting with our son Callum.  Giving time to get to know each other in family bonds.  Matteo and I talked to each other about the future and continuation of Callum's life.  Looking at this child with great hope. 
I started to look at Matteo very deeply.  Seeing the future in the twinkle of his eyes.  Immediately remembered about that serene night.  We had feelings for each other without realizing it.  I felt like I had forgotten something and I tried to remember something I had forgotten.  I started to remember what I liked about that guy.  Of course, his presence and kindness dominate.  Suddenly our dinner activities were interrupted by the sound of Matteo's cell phone ringing. 
 "Hey, it looks like there's been a call, probably a report from Anthony and Louis. Try picking up Matteo, don't delay it!"
 "Yes, alright."  He began to hastily take his cell phone from his pocket and ensure that the incoming call was very important for him and for the continuity of our joint mission in eradicating the Russian Don mafia gang. 
 I saw him pick up the phone with a serious expression.  He started changing the setting to a loudspeaker so I could hear him.  But he lowered the volume of his cell phone a little.  Because now we are in a public place.  So he was very careful because he was worried that someone would be stalking our movements here.  Never know that the enemy could be anywhere when they really want to get important information regarding their opponent.  For this reason, we really need to be alert wherever we are. 
 After picking up the phone, I immediately asked.  I asked to make sure what I heard just now was true. 
 "Matteo, did I hear you correctly?"
 "Of course not, Lilianna, you were right in hearing, indeed we received news that there were many people from our group who were being held in the weapons warehouse and they needed our help immediately. One of them is my second in command, you must know that too."
 "Yes, is he Louis?"
 "That's right, it was Anthony who called me just now." 
 "So what are you going to do now Matteo?"

###chapter 42
Lilianna's POV 
 "I have to act immediately to save all of them, especially Louis. Because he is part of my core team. If he succeeds in being persecuted then it will be a shame. All our big secrets will be revealed and they will know our next weak point. This becomes very vulnerable and makes me have to immediately release Louis and the others."
 "Okay then Matteo, hurry up and go to save them!"
 Matteo went away and left me at his house. 
 Shortly after Matteo left a few minutes later.  Suddenly a group of people broke into the house and looked for Matteo and me.  But I couldn't dodge it and didn't have time to escape.  In fact, I was caught red-handed even when I was carrying Callum to go upstairs to his room.  It turns out they intended and tried to kill me and Callum.  They were targeting the two of us to weaken Matteo.  Because it seems they already know that Matteo has my child, Callum.  So they used Callum as one of the weapons to bring down Matteo.  They want Callum and me to die right now so that Matteo loses and finally gives himself up for free.
 "Raise your hands!"
 "Stay where Lilianna is!"
 "Don't move an inch!"
 "Hahaha... Finally, we found you too Lilianna, give up or I'll shoot your child!"
 Suddenly I felt scared and immediately hugged Callum tightly.  Worried they would aim fire at Callum.  I really can't handle it alone.  Even the servants in Matteo's house didn't dare to come out of their respective hiding places.  I'm just here standing with Callum, held captive by those who want to attack me.  Hoping there will be a miracle right now.  For example, Matteo suddenly came to save me and Callum here.  But I just feel like everything is just a dream and wishful thinking.  Because Matteo had clearly gone for something equally important.  Even Matteo doesn't know that Callum and I are in great danger here.  Both of our lives were in serious danger and there was no big possibility that we would survive the death that was starting to pounce on us. 
 Instantly I could only pray and hope in my deepest heart.  Waiting for the miracle that I really hope for.  My eyes closed spontaneously.  My grip on Callum tightened.  Callum also closed his eyes and felt scared by this situation.  He seems to have matured and understands the dangers that threaten us now.  I was really confused about what to do other than just surrendering to a situation that was difficult for me to avoid. 
 Suddenly a savior came.  I feel alive again.  After almost all, my heart weakened and finally stopped beating.  I felt like I had been watered by the water of new life.  I started to feel safe with the presence of the figure I was waiting for who would save us. 
"Hey, stop it! Or you'll all die by my hands!"  Matteo shouted from the middle of the door with a sharp gaze. 
 He was sure that he didn't want Callum and me to get bad treatment from them, especially since Matteo saw them pointing a gun at the two of us.  I really believe that Matteo really hates people who attack small children.  Even those they attacked were their own biological children.  Surely Matteo would never keep quiet about this. 
 "Hey Matteo, step back! Or your wife and children will die right now from this shot from my hand!"
 Hearing what my wife said, I didn't really mind it.  Because the problem now is our very precarious situation.  Especially, Callum, I don't want anything wrong with Callum. 
 Luckily, Matteo quickly and skillfully ran and kicked one of the hands of those who were pointing guns at the two of us. 
 Blac Blac Blac.
 They immediately put on an amazing fighting action.  I've just seen action like this, it's really amazing.  This is a fight that is quite surprising from the many fights I have witnessed. 
 Bang bang bang.
 The sound of gunfire continued to echo.  Matteo even ran towards me and took Callum from my hands. 
 I was suddenly shocked.  Luckily they didn't focus their attention on me and stayed on Matteo who was now carrying Callum while continuously firing shots at his opponent who was always targeting his movements. 
 I was getting more and more unruly and screaming throughout this incident. 
 "Matteo be careful!" 
 "Matteo takes care of Callum!" 
 I continued to voice my concerns.  But none of them were interested in aiming fire at me.  They were too busy with Matteo's movements who were good at grabbing attention. 
 Bang bang bang.
 There was a lot of noise in this room.  Finally, one by one they were shot by Matteo. 
 Bang.
 "Ouch."
 This room was filled with blood from heavy gunshots.   The room became more disorganized and very scattered.  I found myself already confused.  My hair even looked messy and my appearance seemed very shabby with sweat dripping down and my body temperature feeling hot because I was too scared.  In the end, all the opponents were paralyzed by being shot and some even died.  Then Matteo and I got closer to our opponents.  Try asking these people and asking about their motives for doing all this.  It turns out they planned to have the entire line dead and all the Italian hordes exterminated so they could expand their territory.  They also wanted me dead because I broke my promise to marry the boss's son while my father was still alive.  But their boss's son was killed in an Italian mob attack a year later after I had flatly refused to marry him.  So when their son died, they thought I was the mastermind behind the planned death that befell their boss's son.  They want me to suffer too.
 After this incident was over, Matteo and I had another sex scene as part of releasing the chaotic feelings left over from the incident.   Matteo and I want to grow the dopamine hormone in each of us.  Because once hard thoughts make the body's muscles feel tense and you really need something to relax them again.   For this reason, we do it in a planned way and build chemistry to be able to feel scene by scene so that it feels more alive. 
 After having sex we got information about the Russian mafia boss.  So Matteo and I immediately went to the place where they were allegedly gathering.  We started walking towards the place.  Matteo drives the car at high speed.  Until we got there.  We tried to sneak around to peek at the atmosphere inside.  We saw that his daughter, Aelita, who is my former future sister-in-law, was also in this place.  We saw that he joined his father's mafia group.  Matteo and I stalked from a distance.  Watching all their movements and starting to make sure that when things start to become possible we can immediately carry out an attack.  Matteo and I are still watching. 

###chapter 43
Matteo's POV 
After the chaos that occurred in my house when I wanted to save my people, especially Louis.  Luckily I felt like going back home because I had something left behind.  If I don't go back to my house again then I will get a lot of flower arrangements when I get home.  I would really lose Callum and Lilianna's lives.  But fortunately, my heart led me to return home.  So I can immediately confront those who have bad intentions towards my family. 
 "Hey, get out of the way! Before I kill you one by one with my own hands!"
 "Just try if you can, one step forward and the lives of your wife and child will be lost. Hahaha..."
 "Just watch it if you dare!"
 I looked silent but suddenly I had the spontaneity to step on their heads and started by kicking their hands one by one who were pointing the gun at Lilianna and Callum. 
 Blac.
 Blac.
 Blac.
 I used my jutsu to kill them and break their arms instantly.  They stared and bounced along with the gun being thrown in a direction far from where they were.  Until they don't have weapons in their hands. 
 I had the reckless thought of shooting some of them.  So I was sadistic and had the heart to shoot them in the head and chest until some died on the spot.  Meanwhile, I left others lying helpless and could only talk.  I deliberately did all this so that I could still get information from them regarding the mafia boss who ordered them to come here and cause this terrible chaos. 
 Now my house is very messy and scattered and even blood is splattered everywhere.  But that's not the main focus.  Only Callum and Lilianna who I hope don't shed a drop of blood.  It came true according to my expectations.  There were not the slightest wounds on Callum and Lilianna's bodies.  I'm grateful for that and can breathe a little easier now. 
 "Come on, tell me who told you guys to come here and do all this mess!"  I forced them. 
 "No! I won't say it." 
 "Oh, you're reckless, aren't you???"  I stepped on his sprained hand until it broke completely.
 "Aaa!"  His scream echoed. 
 His other friends swallowed their saliva and were afraid of this incident.  The action I took made them really scared. 
 "Do I have to do this to you guys too?"  I asked with my voice getting higher. 
 "Do... Don't!" 
 "Come on then, tell me who told you to come here?"
 "Okay... okay, we'll tell you the truth."
 "Come on, what are you waiting for? Right now!"
 They also talked about their boss and his current whereabouts.  I also got new information that I must immediately use.  After they answered all my questions and provided the relevant information I needed.  I immediately shot them in the head very cruelly without thinking.  Until they died on the spot.  I deliberately killed them so they wouldn't become a thorn in my life in the future.  Because they will definitely feel like they have a grudge against me later.  So I have no other choice but to turn them off right now without wasting any more time.  I immediately shot him to death without the slightest mercy. 
 After it was over and managed to get information and they died at my house.  I immediately ordered my servant to clean it up.  Remove and collect useless corpses from this room and clean up all this mess.  Then Shopie just came and I immediately told her to take Callum to his room to calm him down so he wouldn't be traumatized.  Meanwhile, I immediately held Lilianna's hand and led her hastily into my study.  I locked the door from the inside.  Then I pushed Lilianna's body until her back hit the wall. 
 "Matteo, what do you want? What are you going to do to me?"  Lilianna asked with an expression that was scared and wide-eyed in shock at my sudden attitude.  She could be seen swallowing saliva deeply. 
 "Don't you want to?"
 "Huh?"
 "Do it."
 Suddenly she seemed provoked and wanted what I wanted too.  Instantly the atmosphere that had been tense earlier turned into a romantic atmosphere for the two of us.  Lilianna and I started playing in this study.  Doing several games until finally reaching climax and having bed relations.  She is so ravishing even though of course she is very worn.  I don't even care about her appearance or scent.  There is just a feeling of excitement with an increasingly rising libido.  Until finally it paid off and my happiness returned. I started to feel my whole body becoming relaxed and fresh again.  Feel like you don't have too much time to do this romantic scene.  I immediately invited Lilianna to take a shower and then continued our work.  After Lilianna and I heard the information from the Russian Don's men.  Lilianna and I immediately decided to come to their headquarters.  Because they say now they will hold a gathering in exactly fifteen minutes.  According to the information we received, I immediately started the car and together with Lilianna stepped on the gas to get to that place faster. 
 We had time to settle down when we arrived at the place.  Try to observe what they are doing and what they will do next.  Each looked from a distance that was not too far but also not too close.  To make sure things would be right if we started attacking. 
 Suddenly I was shocked by the presence of a figure who I had never expected before, that she was part of a mafia group connected to the Russian Don.  There was a Russian Don's daughter named Aelita.  At the same time, the woman I have known very closely for the past few years is my girlfriend who comes from Italy.  She is none other than Massima. 
 "Huh, why is she here?"  I suddenly heard a rumor.
 "Who?"  Lilianna asked curiously.
 "Huh no!"  I tried to cover it up. 
 After we heard a lot and had been paying attention to the contents of their forum for a long time, I felt even more angry and wanted to do something silly. 
 "Matteo, where are you going?"
 "I'll kill them straight away."
 "Wait a minute! Don't be careless!"
 When I was about to go to kill them.  In fact, Lilianna didn't allow it because she didn't want to traumatize other people. After all, this room was not far from public facilities and crowds. 
 When I gave up on my intention, they suddenly stood up got up, and walked towards the exit.  We followed them which turned out to lead to the restaurant.  It seemed like they wanted to take a break and intended to eat first and then connect to the forum and return to this place. 

###chapter 44
Matteo's POV 
 When they left I rushed into the room while I let Lilianna continue to follow them.  When I was about to go inside, suddenly I was shocked by the sound of an explosion in this room.  This place exploded and I almost got hit by the explosion.  But luckily I quickly saved myself by running to the side.  In the end, I remained fine while they disappeared from my sight. 
 For a moment I experienced an explosion in this room and lost track of them.  So I immediately ran to find their whereabouts.  Until I found them again in an unguarded state.  I immediately gave a blow to the father and daughter.  I hit Vlad Petrov and Aelita from behind on their legs and they fell until they were unconscious.  I immediately checked the situation and it turned out they died in my hands.  They both died on the spot without first breathing.  They actually died immediately with one hard blow from me.  I immediately claimed insurance with a nominal value of one hundred thousand dollars as proof of their death.
  I profited from both of their deaths.  In various ways, I tried to disburse their death money.  But it turned out to be a bit difficult.  So the rest of it was that Lilianna and I tried to enter the late Russian Don's office but still couldn't infiltrate the mafia's house without trying to shoot dead the people inside who were still guarding it.  The only way to have enough power to bring them down is to take control of the assets of Lilianna's father, who was once an ally of the late Vlad Petrov.  We ultimately decided to do it for the safety of our son Callum.  Lilianna and I  certainly went through a few more challenges and got closer to our goal.
 We went back to my house to rest for a while and make sure that Callum and Sophie were still safe.  Luckily the two of us leaving didn't bring disaster to the house so Callum remained safe with Sophie's care. 
 After we were sure that everything was safe, we did a second sex scene as a remedy for fatigue after days of doing quite heavy and very challenging actions. 
 After having sex, Lilianna suddenly asked me about Callum's status.
 "Matteo, are you sure that Callum is your son?"
 "Why do you ask like that, Lilianna? Tell me the truth, what's wrong?"
 "No, I just want to say that he is really your son. So I want clarity about our relationship and future status."
"Do I have to do a DNA test to convince myself that Callum is my biological child and the result of my biology?"
 "Yes, if necessary and so you don't feel like I'm cheating you."
 "Okay, let's do a DNA test tomorrow. Once we know the truth of the results according to the facts stated then I will take firm action to make you my legal wife. How about that?"  I went straight to the point and Lilianna smiled.
 after hearing all my words just now.  Although I felt angry with Lilianna because she hid Callum's identity from me for two years before I found him in my life.  If I had never met Callum for free then I would never have known the fact that Callum was my own flesh and blood son. 
 After having a serious conversation with Lilianna regarding Callum's future and his identity clearly.  I immediately said goodbye to going out alone.  This time I told Lilianna to stay at home to accompany Callum and Sophie.  Because I saw she was too tired.  If I take her out to clean things up now, I'm worried that Lilianna will run out of energy and it could end up being a boomerang for our safety in the future.  So I hope he recovers her stamina first at this house. 
 "I want to go out for a moment."
 "Where to?"
 "You'll find out later."
 I hurried to leave him alone in my room.  Meanwhile, I immediately do what is my goal now.  A few moments after the incident outside which drained my energy, I immediately returned home covered in blood.  I was attacked while traveling but I managed to kill all the attackers.  Seeing the current situation actually makes Lilianna feel betrayed by me.  Until she put some distance between us until she really found out the real story about what happened to me and the remaining men of the late Russian Don.  I don't know what Lilianna was thinking when she saw me like this.  But suddenly she changed her attitude towards me and acted strangely.  Lilianna suddenly decided to leave my house for no reason that I could understand. 
 A few minutes after she left, suddenly my cell phone rang. 
 I picked it up when I saw an incoming call from Lilianna and it made me frown, feeling strange.
 "What is it?"
 "Matteo, help me!! I was attacked by a group of people who were located not far from your house, approximately twenty meters."
 I was immediately shocked and immediately followed him. 
 "Okay, wait, I'll go there immediately to save you!" 
 When I was at the scene that Lilianna was referring to, I was trapped by her.  It seems that Lilianna was also threatened and used to trick me into coming here.  Until I argued with a man who wanted me to come here.  From this, it can be revealed that the killer of Alessio and Sillas was actually Aelita's agent, Massima.  This is really a clever plot and difficult to predict.  They turned out to be women who were members of a mafia group and were the masterminds in it.  On this occasion, I managed to defeat several of them.  Some of them managed to escape. 
 We went back to my house and now Lilianna decided to stay with me and never leave again for the reason of protecting Callum from getting involved in this dispute between the mafia.  In our free time, we did another third sex scene before we finally did a DNA test.  For some reason, we felt like we were starting to be possessed by the exciting atmosphere.  Even though we are not married, we feel like we are a legal husband and wife couple.  However, after we finished doing the DNA test and the results proved that Callum was my biological child, I immediately married Lilianna according to my promise to her.  We celebrated a lively wedding party and held family moments afterward as atonement for all my sins and mistakes towards the two of them so far.  I pay for all the time wasted together.  Now everything is fine, but of course, there is still a lot of mafia business to be resolved.
 End.
