
###chapter 1
*********
"When fiery secretary Amanda uncovers her CEO’s cruel past, their war ignites. Forced into his world of power plays and fake marriages, she battles his control while exposing his closest ally’s betrayal. In a dangerous game where attraction collides with revenge, survival demands tearing off every mask."
*********

AMANDA'S POV

Looking at my reflection in the mirror I practiced my resume as I had to say it aloud in my interview. I tucked my baby blonde hair-strands behind my ears which rested on my forehead.
I slapped myself with the entirety of paper which held all details about me, including my extra-curricular and academic status.
"Focus Amanda, FOCUS!" I looked straight in my hazel colored eyes.
After hair wash, I used the hairdryer against my hair as I had no time to let them dry naturally, I was already running short of time. I preferred less usage of a hairdryer as I read an article over the internet that frequent usage of such kind of appliances causes hair to fall as a result of making them extremely weak.
I decided to keep my look simple and decent, use less makeup, and keep things natural. I didn't want to showcase myself as a plastic hoe on the very first day of work.
"Aren't you late Ammie?" I could hear the voice coming towards me in a climaxed manner, increasing from low to high pitched, gradually. Of course, it was Mommy giving me a tardy reminder. Like other moms, my mom has this habit of increasing half hour of the usual time for example if the clock stroke 6, she'll shout "Baby, wake up it's 6:30!". I was familiar with this habit of hers so I resorted back to the original time by deducting 30 minutes from it.
One of my reasons to get paid after getting this job was to be a helping hand to Mom and provide her monetary support resulting in the deduction of her mental stress.
Mom's brown hair was tied in a messy bun, accompanying a loose, floral, knee-length dress which happened to be a bit too loose; that two women of the same body shape could fit in it! She carried bread and butter in one hand whilst her other hand was occupying a banana milkshake.
"Mom, did my friends call you?", I questioned, thinking about Gina and Francis as I stuffed all the bread into my mouth at once and sipped the milkshake hurriedly to digest the pieces of bread. Mom watched me with cornered eyes and I knew that now I was going to be roasted.
"I have no idea, not since they dropped you home from college", mom answered whilst putting all the necessary documents and belongings of mine in my hand-bag which I had to carry along with me as she was aware of my clumsy and irresponsible behavior.
"So I'm basically surrounded with two assholes who aren't even interested in wishing me luck? I hate them so much", I expected a small wish from them as it's a natural tendency of humans to expect from the people they love. I've been with these two best friends of mine ever since I joined the school.
Mom left the room after hugging me since she had her office hours and had waited long enough wishing me luck and counseling me.
I tied my blonde hair into a high ponytail which complimented my checkered blue shirt and black jeans. I decided to complete my professional look with a pair of black peep-toes which was just an inch high. To be very honest, I wasn't used to balancing myself with extremely high heels. I always wondered how girls in my school balanced themselves like a pro whilst wearing those heels.
I hurriedly took my bag considering that my interview was fixed for 9 AM and it was already 8 AM at my place. I instantly planted my sunglasses in my hand and rushed towards the main door of my house. It did not take much of my time, as my house was not that big. I and my sister's room were upstairs accompanied by the storeroom and mom's room was right next to the kitchen.
I locked the entrance of my door and assured that I did it right after cross-checking it. I then turned around and marched towards the way my office was. Suddenly my eyes were locked as someone placed their hands tightly over mine, the vision ahead of me blurred surrounded by complete darkness. Darkness was something I have been afraid of ever since I was young of an age. Not that I was scared of ghosts but as a child whenever I did something wrong, dad locked me in the bathroom turning off the lights and even prevented mom to contact me.
I tried unlocking the hands which held a firm grip on my eyes. I somehow successfully unlocked them and when I turned behind I saw two human figures. A boy and a girl stood by.
"Do I know you both?" I questioned them after hitting them playfully and acting all unknown.
"Of course. Yes", Gina giggled. I knew she was making up for it.
"How can you forget me? I'm your first love, baby", Francis leaned towards me and kissed my cheek. I pushed him away. Francis had a really amazing sense of humor. He sometimes flirted so hard and so natural with Gina and me that on occasions we genuinely believed he was really into us. Every word which escaped his mouth was sugar-coated with love, he was habitual to flirting with people of any age, what only mattered was they should be of the opposite gender.
"I hate you both so much, you guys knew that today is such an important day to me but you people didn't even remember it" words fall out naturally from my mouth.
"I know that you were given a reminder about today by my mom", I walked away from them.
They hugged me from behind, together. I hugged them as well because I knew I needed them and their moral support, plus I just simply cannot go ignoring or not talking to them for more than a few hours.
"All the best, remember we love you."
"I love you both too", I smiled and waved a final goodbye, hugging them again.
"Whenever your heartbeats fasten, think about kissing my ass", I could hear Francis's voice from behind. I turned around, stuck my tongue out towards his face, and then continued walking towards the bus-stop.
The weather was really good. The bus arrived after about 10 minutes. Good thing, I did not have to wait very long for it. I reached the office 20 minutes later, meaning it was now 08:50 AM- that meant I was early.
I walked towards the receptionist to check in and record my presence.
"Hello there, I'm here for an interview since I've been shortlisted for the post of the secretary." I raised my eyebrows then continued, "Myself being Amanda Waters, can you confirm and permit me to move towards the Cabin of the interviewer, Joseph Henri, please?", I said with a broad, fake smile. Mom always told me that smiling has a great effect. Well, it did here.
"Okay Madam, please allow me to check.", she said with a smile back.
I waited for a few minutes, lowered my head, and started playing with my phone. Tipping and tapping over pictures in my gallery was my favorite way to pass time.
"Miss Waters"
I raised my head, "Yes Madam ", I answered quickly.
"Due to Mr. Joseph's illness, he won't be able to take your interview but since we're in urgent need of a secretary's post in this office, this interview cannot be further delayed, Mr. Reynolds would be interviewing you himself", she paused for a while and then went on, "Good luck on that, Sweetie".
My eyes widened and all I could do at that moment was cover my mouth which had already formed an 'O'.
'Kiss My Ass'-Francis's words echoed in my ears which made my stress level plummet from 100 to 99.
Firstly: I was not prepared for the interview in the slightest, and secondly; I overheard people talking about their boss, aka the CEO, aka Mr. Aaron Reynolds. Let's just hope that it did not prove out to be some excruciating pleasure.
"Do hurry Miss Waters. Be careful with the choice of words you use, Good luck"
I thanked the receptionist for being so pleasant and humble with me. I turned and made my way towards the elevator. The office was huge, highly maintained, and systematic. People looked so dedicated towards their work, plus the building and its content looked sort of scary and intimidating. I didn't know why but I could sense fear in the air which moved around in the premises.
There was a long queue for the elevator. No more than the weight of '4 persons' was permissible to be in such a huge elevator. I had yet to be (if even) admitted into this office and I already despised the systems. I did not want to take the stairs as it left the very possible chance of me sweating and therefore smelling awful. One word- EW. That would ultimately be the worst I could ask for today.
I finally reached the 7th floor and hurried towards the most gigantic room/cabin of this entire building.
"Focus Amanda", I patted my right arm with my left hand encouraging myself whilst knocking at the door.
"Come in", it was a deep yet, seductive voice.
I turned the doorknob, stood there, then preceded into the room, after making myself presentable.
There was a large man with dark brown hair, and weirdly enough, a very intimidating back. Yes... back. I could only see his back as he was busy attending a call, staring out the window, at the tall buildings.
He then ended the call. He ever so slowly and gradually turned towards me. A part of me was so excited to meet him whereas the other part was tensed too.
When he completely turned to face me, my heart almost plummeted to the ground before regaining its original position. His dark blue eyes caught mine.
My mind blanked out for a while until I shouted "YOU!"
"Oh, my God, It's you?!"
"Yes, It's me Miss ", he thought for a while and continued "Miss, whatever".
###chapter 2
FLASHBACK 1 MONTH AGO (Amanda starts thinking)

It was a rainy day and I had forgotten to carry an umbrella along with me as the atmosphere was quite humid and sunny when I left my house. There were puddles everywhere and I was already late for Gina's twentieth birthday party. The climate was pathetic and I had to walk beneath the rooftops of the houses and shops because I could not afford to spoil the amazing new dress that I had specifically bought for this occasion. No matter how much I tried to save the dress, it appeared to look as though it was in ruins already.
I wanted to hit myself hard for not carrying an umbrella and being so careless.
I had to cross the road but that meant that I would have had to walk in the rain. The rain reduced a bit, after quick consideration of what I would rather, I decided it best to spoil my look as I preferred to keep Gina happy.
Suddenly, there came a car traveling at full speed. The wet litter on the road directly varied with my face and dress. The worst of all was not me covered in muck and dirt but that the car had incidentally hit a dog. Due to the speed which the car possessed, the dog was left on the ground with its left leg torn and covered in blood. An old lady, on being scared when crossing the road, almost encountered a panic attack. She looked shaken, disturbed, and uneasy on sensing the high-speed which the car possessed. She could've been in the dog's place if it wasn't a matter of inches. 
I made sure that the old lady was okay. I rubbed the lady's back and consoled her for a while. When I realized that she was okay enough, I hired a cab for her and made sure she went home safely. 
Fortunately, the dog appeared to have suffered what looked to be a minor injury of sorts on his left leg.
The car later slowed down, the driver opened the door for the person on the passenger seat whilst opening an umbrella for him as he took gradual steps towards me.
The guy is none other than Mr. Aaron Reynolds...
"Quote your price, I need to know how much it will take for you to remain quiet about this incident, as we're currently running late", he says after removing a cheque book and inscribing his signature on it.
I arched my brows whilst looking at him, annoyance plastered on my face "Seriously?"
"Sir is paying for the loss he has caused, take him to the veterinarian young lady ", the driver tried resorting to peaceful means in a low voice maintaining the gesture.
"Says the poor frightened man", sarcasm could be felt in my voice. The driver had his eyes glued towards the road, he didn't dare look up for once. Aaron took slow steps towards me, his blue eyes threw a shade of darkness.
I then continued, "If you do not take him all by yourself I may call the police right now."
Mr. Aaron signaled the driver to immediately take the puppy in his hands and get away by taking up the closest taxi. I surrendered the puppy and felt victory.
The rain almost stopped.
"I would've dealt with you if I was not running late for the meeting." Aaron started walking towards the car, no signs of guilt could be seen on his face, in his eyes.
I ran behind him, "You have to deal with me right away."
I went closer to him and hugged him as tight as I could and made sure that all the dirt on my body could settle in his too. He looked at me, his brows were furrowed and his face turned red with anger. I decided to do this act and teach him a lesson because I thought that I would never encounter him in my life, throughout but seems like my judgment was wrong in the past. 
He pushed me away, "Maintain a distance from me! You slum girl. I know girls like you only intend to get money from rich people physically". Why in this world would he think that I was aspiring to have mud-sex if that's even a thing?
I was completely pulled aback and shocked by his thoughts on me.
"You're so cheap and you lack manners, you've gotten service for what you have done. Enjoy your time with this clean suit because I highly doubt you can attend any meeting now."
"You wrecked my suit, young lady. I'll have to delay an important meeting because of you", he completely ignored my last sentence.
I smiled in the best sarcastic way I could and blew an air kiss towards him which made him completely abhorrent.
He walked away from me. After walking a few steps he turned back with a sly smile, continued with a smirk which showcased a slight dimple on his right cheek.
I took down this case and lodged a complaint against him in the local police station after attending Gina's party. His ruthless, egoistic, and inhuman nature was getting on my nerves. I went official with the complaint because I wanted to teach him a lesson for labeling me wrongly.
The officer already knew him by his name "are you aware of the fact that how irrelevant your complaint is?" he questioned, his eyebrows wiggled.
"I do, are you writing a complaint or shall I take charge over this matter and lodge the complaint to the higher authority", I tried scaring him in the name of the law.
"Okay, sign here", he pointed towards the empty place where I had to sign. I inscribed my signature on it "Just so you know, the case would be null and void. All he has to do is pay the charge against this complaint and paying even twice of the amount would not affect him"
"Whatever ", I banged the desk and left the police station.
The next day I had a letter delivered on my doorstep it read ' Nice try, you drew a line of hatred already, maybe next time try an alternative which actually affects me".
How does he know my address? Did he stalk me? , there were questions of all kinds revolving around my mind.
Months passed, there was no sign of him so I considered the letter irrelevant and actually forgot about it. 

PRESENT TENSE

I saw him seated on the chair and he offered me a seat too.
"I know we had a rough start and I know that you would never want me to work for you. So it's better if I walk straight out of your office ", I said as fast as I could without pausing for a second "And I yet consider you wrong. Animals are innocent. They deserve all the love, all our love. They cannot speak for themselves and they deserve all the affection in this world".
"Join from tomorrow!" he arched one of his eyebrows. Did I mention the deadly smirk? 
"Say what?" I questioned perplexed. My eyes were widened and my mouth hung open. What were the intentions of this man?
I needed this job, I really did. I did apply for several companies but this was the one which offered the highest salary. I got an offer letter through email. I didn't even remember applying for this post in the first place. Was everything planned?
"Sir, I'd prefer the timings after 12 noon as I've to attend college too", I had to murder my ego, every ounce of it and call him Sir.
"I read your résumé Miss Waters so I have studied everything about you. You don't need to explain to me my job".
"One last question", I finally asked as several questions of confusion battled in my mind.
"Only if it's not irrelevant", he replied instinctively.
"Why are you not angry?"
He clenched his fists and rested his elbows on the table. "You'll get a mail shortly regarding the remuneration. I suppose you won't disappoint me", he did consider my question irrelevant which is one of the reasons he didn't answer me. 
I walked out with great speed. If the salary wasn't such huge I would've never ever joined.
I left the office with chaos in my thoughts. Chaos about why did he not react? Why was he so polite yet intolerable? Why did he appoint me without taking a formal interview? 
I just hoped and wished for a good start to my corporate life.
###chapter 3
AMANDA'S POV

"Today's going be tough, like really tough", said my subconscious after snoozing off the alarm clock for more than 5 minutes. What type of person wakes up after one ring? I belonged to the kind who woke up after 7 snoozes in a row. Also, Apple's standard alarm tone did add up to my grievances. One ring and my entire mind were fucked up. 
I brushed my teeth, ironed my yellow t-shirt, and paired it with sky blue denim. I always wore simple and decent dresses in college, as I carried forward the same look in the office. Carrying outfits was a task. I didn't really like to go with casual clothing unless it was an outing.
I took my backpack after gathering my hair into a high ponytail, messaged the group which had me, Gina, and Francis "Left home" and rushed towards the main door after lacing up my white canvas. 
"I'm leaving, mom. I'll go straight to work after eating something in college. Love you ", I said in a loud tone, clear enough for mom to hear.
"Love you too, Good luck baby girl. Make the most of this day", Mom shouted back, love and care could be sensed in her words.
I took the nearest cab and instructed the driver for directions, I reached college in approximately 15 minutes and ran towards my class after realizing I was late. I aspired to be on time but lost the battle with my sleep every time. Everyone in my class was aware of my tradition of being 'late'. I always covered up this flaw of mine by smiling pleasantly toward the lecturer. 
"May I come in sir", I had my eyeballs placed towards the direction of the ground as I knew I was going to be bashed by the professor. 
"Usual Latecomer, Get in", his words were conforming enough today, maybe he was in a real good mood. I rushed and established the only vacant seat which was in the front row.
When Professor Hemsworth was busy teaching, I turned around to inquire about Gina and Francis, I found out that they were busy talking by resting their heads on the desk. I hated it when they talked without me, it felt like I was losing synchronization with so much gossip on this earth.
Francis knew everything about everyone, he was probably in the gossip box. I and Gina were never bored in his company as he filled us with gossip. 
I smiled at Mr. Hemsworth, held my head high in a magniloquent way, and proceeded to pay attention to his lecture faking out yes and no every time he looked at me. I usually projected myself as a good girl since class teachers add up to our grades by giving us internal marks. I actually excelled in this field. 
When the bell rang, we at once marched towards the canteen. On taking our respected chairs, we discussed our lives. We usually stalked people, our exes, our enemies, etc.
"I'm so hungry", Gina stood up from her seat and the paved way toward the ordering counter. On having our respected meals placed in front of us, "So, what happened yesterday?" Gina questioned, her brows arched in my direction.
"We need every minute detail ", Francis followed her closely and looked around at everyone in the surroundings in an attempt to spot some hot girl. When we talked about judgment it meant that we didn't judge each other but we had all the right to judge people who were not us.
"Oh my hotness, that girl is super sexy. Which one of you is going to bring her number for me?" Francis looked in the direction of the girl. 
"No one, grow up" I pinched him on his shoulder.
"Ignore him", Gina sat on the chair looking closely at the menu of the soft drinks. 
"Remember the guy I told y'all about, because of whom I came late to Gina's birthday bash?", I broke the silence after completing one whole piece of my heavenly pizza. 
"Not that you're an early bird", Gina was basically annoyed more than anyone whenever her twentieth birthday party's topic popped up. She gulped some coke and eyed me throwing daggers.
"Did you break your virginity with him? " Francis had this uncontrollable dirty mind and mouth. 
"I'm serious dumb." I looked at Francis, widening my eyes which clearly meant that he should stop his dirty jokes at this very moment. "He's my new boss", I continued in an awfully low voice. 
"Whaaaaaaaaaat?" Gina interrogated whilst covering her mouth out of shock. I nodded which was a sign of confirmation. 
"Was he threatening you regarding the complaint you filed against him? Why did he give you the job? Did you guys fight on the very day of the interview? Was he a gentleman or a ruthless bastard?"
Questions were flooding from each side, turn by turn. I turned my head on according to their questions. They seemed shocked and perplexed just like me. 
"I umm... don't know. I'm confused myself", was the only answer I could give to their innumerable questions. "But I do need this job", I thought for a while and continued "I don't get it, why did he admit me in the first place. I got an appointment letter without applying for one. Is he planning on some revenge?"
Francis's brow furrowed as he took a bite of his burger "There's more to the story. I don't think such a small incident will affect him. Maybe you should dig a little deep. I mean, why would he hate you for saving a dog's life?"
Gina looked at Francis, and replied "Maybe you're stretching the topic and taking it to an irrelevant phase", she turned her attention towards me and consoled "You'll make it through" 
"I, yet find his personality shady", Francis interrupted.
"Yeah hopefully", I replied crossing my fingers and ignoring Francis's statement.
I checked my watch and realized that it was 11 am which meant that I yet had time with these idiots. My office was half an hour away from college, Gina made sure that she'll drop me in her car as my office was on her way home. 
I pulled Gina out of the college campus as she was not ready to leave yet and I was already late, I made sure to wear my jacket because it was freezing outside. Francis decided to stay in college for a while as he had nothing to do at home rather than play games or with girls.
We reached my office at 5 to 12, Gina was a safe driver. I never took up the driver's seat as huge vehicles scared the shit out of me. 
"I'll pick you up at 7 pm for the fresher's party, okay?" Gina sounded really excited. She paused for a while and later continued, "Dress your best. Always remember: Pretty people turn heads, I and my fag's break necks."
"Oh My God, Definitely yes", I exclaimed out of excitement. I totally forgot about the fresher's party. Thinking about it made me grin. Some unknowns looked at me while I did so. I'm pretty sure they considered me an idiot. 
I hugged Gina and waved her goodbye from afar as she looked at me through the rearview mirror. I stood there until she was out of sight, only then did I start walking towards the office.
On hearing someone sob, I took gradual steps towards that voice, I saw an elderly woman sobbing. I went towards her and realized that she was the receptionist I met the day before. Her face looked like a wreck, her eyes were red and so was her face.
"Need a tissue?" I questioned removing one from my bag.
"Thanks, love", the woman took it from my hands and adjusted her wrecked face with it, wiping off the tears which rolled from her eyes. She sniffed and tucked away all the baby hair from her forehead.
"You okay, madam?" I interrogated repeating the same question I asked earlier, in my mind.
"I no longer have this job. I've been expelled by Mr. Reynolds.", she sobbed for a while and then continued, "He said that a woman of my age is no longer capable of this job. I've given 25 years of my life to this company. I've seen him grow from a toddler to such a young man."
"Don't give on your abilities Madam. You'll definitely find a better job soon", no matter how much I wanted to question his past out of curiosity, I couldn't. Ma'am was in a condition where she deserved to be solaced and not to be questioned. Maybe she needed this job and the money acquainted with it so as to satiate her daily needs.
"I need to hurry. Take care", I hugged her and said a quick goodbye. "You'll do fine Ma'am
"Yeah! Thank you", she smiled looking at me whilst I waved her goodbye.
I took longer steps than before as I knew I was late. I pushed the door with all my strength but then the door didn't even move slightly, I later read the "PULL" tag over it. I hit myself playfully with my hand on the head and pulled the door realizing how clumsy I actually was.
I went towards the reception to check in. The receptionist now hired was young. She seemed to be in her mid 20's. She looked really focused and dedicated to the work. She had a big plastic smile plastered all over her face which could be easily seen. She had pale white skin with freckles all over and dark brown hair.
"Amanda Waters!" I said my name aloud at her desk.
"Oh, hi madam" Here's this file for you which contains all the clauses. We mailed it to you but we assumed you did not open it as we did not get any reply. Read it carefully before signing over the contract papers", she explained everything nicely to me. 
"Yes! Definitely yes", I grabbed the file from her hand and mimicked the same plastic smile as hers.
"Go to the 7th floor. Your cabin is at the right corner of it. Just 1 cabin away from Mr. Reynolds", she instructed me, again.
"Why on the seventh floor? Can't I have it on any other floor?" I knew that this question only had a negative answer but my mind expected an assertive answer 'Please-say-yes-please-say-yes.' 
"No madam as you have opted for the job of the secretary. You have to be closer to Mr. Reynolds's cabin", she gave out the most expected answer and I knew somewhere that this job was not going to be easy at all for me. 
I took the elevator and marched towards my cabin. One good thing about this company was every individual had a different cabin.
###chapter 4
I obviously had to pass through My Boss' cabin. On my way, I peeked a bit. I saw him doing something on his laptop. I sighed in relief as he did not see me. I don't know why but I felt really uncomfortable in front of this man. No, I wasn't scared. Why would I be? He cannot swallow me up and even if he could I'd poison myself so that when I die, he dies too.
I kept my bag on the table systematically and opened the file which defined the clauses of my contract.
I read each one, one by one. They were written in a precise yet, simple language and were highly technical. 
Clause No 1 - Once admitted the contractee has no choice rather than serving the company for 6 whole months. The power of resignation would only be accessible after 6 months of serving the company or at the discretion of the employer. If the employee thus further wishes to no longer continue before the stipulated period of the 6 months time, he/she would be obliged to pay a sum, no lesser than his/ her 3x monthly pay to get the employment terminated.
Clause No 2 - The contractee has to be present whenever the company needs him/her. He / She cannot make any excuses at the end moment. If the condition is as critical as sickness or bereavement, then the contracted would be given the power to rest but the supporting documents would be needed to be submitted at once as the operational normalcy resumes. The company may require the contractee at any time, He / She has to obey and agree to the company's requirements. 
Clause No 3 - He / She has to keep the company's interests over individual interests.
Clause No 4 - Amendments in any clause OR Breaking of it would be subject to penalty.
I then read all the 20 clauses one by one. I closed the file hard and exclaimed "Bullshit, all bullshit".
I had a small plan of doing this job, being financially stable, and starting something on a small scale by myself. I could at least bare Mr. Reynolds for 6 months, that's what I felt.
I took the paper and signed on to the "CONTRACTOR'S SIGNATURE" column. I turned the pages one by one and signed on each of them. After that, I rechecked to make sure I hadn't left out any page.
I took the contract papers and went to Mr. Reynolds's office to submit them. I first straightened my t-shirt and carefully parted all the small strands of my hair behind my ears so as to look presentable.
I knocked on the door just once. After a while I heard the low voice, "Come in"
I opened the door and walked carefully over the marble flooring as I knew I was clumsy, I always walked on the road like I'd been high on alcohol for days whilst taking support from either Gina or Francis. THE least I wanted was to make a joke out of myself.
"Here are the contract papers, I've read each and every clause and I would try my best to do justice with them", I broke the silence.
"The question of injustice does not arise as you have a penalty imposed upon you whenever there is a breach of the contract", Mr. Reynolds moved his hand through his dark blonde hair which was a shade of brown. 
I approached him to commit the contract papers. I could sense the amazing cologne he was wearing. Each step closer was like surrendering myself, to a vampire who could bite my neck anytime and make me his slave. 
I was about to hand away from the papers in his hand so that he could cross-check when suddenly, my leg slipped because of the extra slippery flooring. I could not help but fall over the giants' gigantic arms. My face collapsed in his chest, I could hear his heart beating at a normal rate creating rhythm in my ears. I tried to ease the situation by not making eye contact with him. 
I then took the support of his shoulders with my hands to get away but I guess fate had a different plan anyway, a plan in which I could be murdered because my hair was intertwined in his shirt's button. I tried unlocking it with my sixth sense, as I did not have a clear vision of the situation.
All I could see was his black shirt and after narrowing my eyes I got a vision of his coat above it too. Moving even an inch away from his chest hurt me so much. I could not really break all of my hair at the cost of Richie rich's anger. Richie Rich? Yes, Richie rich
"Let me get a pair of scissors", He finally spoke interrupting the silence. 
"Scissors?, No way! You cannot cut my hair. There's nothing like cutting the contractee's hair in the clause. I've read it twice and I'm sure about it", I felt so helpless.
He maintained a firm grip on me through my back. I refused to move, he pushed me anyways. He did not care at all that his actions were hurting me. He started walking backward and I had to obviously move in sync with him. 
He then opened the desk and removed a big and ugly pair of scissors. 
"Please don't do this sir! I'm sorry for everything. I'm sorry for bashing you, for lodging a complaint against you. I'm sorry for today and for tomorrow.
No doubt I was cursing Richie rich from the inside with every bad and abusive word I've ever learned or heard since kindergarten. 
He caught the scissors firmly with his right hand and brought them closer to me. My eyes started watering as now I'd abandoned the option to leave the company too as I already agreed over the contract.
And suddenly I hear a tuck. A tuck is a kind of noise that comes when you work with a pair of scissors. I knew he had successfully invaded the mission of cutting the middle portion of my hair turning me into a saint.
I refused to look at my hair, which was most probably on the floor by now. My eyes were closed and I was crying continuously. Then, with all my willpower, I opened my eyes and looked thoroughly down. There was no hair, not even a strand of it.
Richie rich had a button in his hand which was ditched in the bin lately by him. I now understood the whole ironic situation. He did not cut my hair but his button instead. 
In this situation, I hardly heard his voice. I guess the monster talks less. Like, much less. 
"Thank you for not turning me into a saint", I wiped away my tears with my hands.
I placed the contract file carefully on the table. I hated my clumsiness more than anything in this world. I could not make eye contact with Mr. Richie rich because obviously, I was embarrassed. 
"I'm extremely sorry", I apologized without expecting an answer.
"Today our company completed 25 years. There's a big ceremony on the ballroom downstairs. You'll get a mail with the list of guests who are to be invited. The invitation should be very immaculate and simple. Make sure they come, as they all are beneficial to our company in some or the other way", He explained to me my work for today. 
"Dress decently and be on time. The function starts at 9 pm sharp. Be present here till 8:30 pm", he continued
"Okay, sir. I won't upset you" 
"You can leave now Miss Waters "
I left the cabin and I was yet embarrassed. My mind could not help but replay the whole situation again and again. 
I went to my cabin and checked over my emails first. Suddenly there was a pop-up notification of "new mail message", I refreshed the page and checked over the lists of the guests. There were around 500's of them. 
Before starting with my work, I checked my phone and saw 112 unread group messages of us (FAG). I read them one by one. They were continuously discussing tonight's fresher's party.
Oh shit, I totally forgot I had a fresher's party tonight too which will start by 7 and continue all night. How could I not think about this when Mr. Richie Rich was explaining to me, about the function. I'd given my word of being present by 8:30 sharp to Mr. Richie Rich's and I promised Gina too.
I was in a dilemma. I had to take down one plan. But maybe I could set my time, prepare a limit, and attend both of the events. But, I was scared of the consequences.
"NO, no, no Ammie baby. Be positive, stay positive, and think positive." I consoled myself.
###chapter 5
Amanda's POV

"Which dress?" Gina inquired, raising both the hangers in the air at the same time. They both looked fine. 
"That one has too much exposure of skin." I made an instinct reaction on pointing at the dress which she displayed with her right hand. 
"A bit of cleavage is no harm for a sexy girl like you", Gina immediately cut my words then continued "How about this second one?" 
I eyed the collection of dresses she brought for me, but to my discontent, I didn't like any. 
"Come naked then!" Gina frowned, irritation could be sensed in her tone.
"Don't do this to me", I tried to make up for spoiling her mood by side hugging her. 
Gina was such a sweetheart. She came with all her belongings at my place so that we could get ready for the party together. Let me mention, she had an amazing choice in makeup, it was all authentic and trending. I loved her so much, I wish I could express that to her. Yet, I was too dreadful at expressing my feelings for the people I loved. 
"Okay, so what kind of dress would you like to wear Ammie?" She questioned, furrowing her brows. 
I looked at her and the collection of dresses she possessed. I tried examining each dress one by one but to my discontent, I couldn't find any which suited up to my expectations.
Gina picked up a red knee-length dress which had a covered neck but included a deep cut, alongside the shoulders, down to the arms. It showed off some amount of skin, which looked amazing, giving it a close yet, modern touch. 
"Oh yes! This looks perfect. I'll wear this." I finally decided after grabbing it from Gina's hands, adjusting the dress on myself in front of the mirror by suspending it. 
"I swear if you would've taken any longer, I would have left without you because it's already 6:15", she pointed towards her wristwatch, making a statement offending my nasty behavior. 
We quickly put on our respectable dresses. Gina wore a pink body fit dress which could clearly show some of her cleavage. She looked bomb, let me say that. We helped each other with makeup, thanks to those inspirational YouTubers. 
Allow me to say that Gina did make me look different. Her makeup skills were no less than a professional. Her winged liner and everything was so perfect and on point. I, when tried putting on a winged liner always ended smudging my eyes black.
I side-parted all my hair in one position and kept them open after applying the serum. Gina tied a messy bun which complimented her dress so much. We both took a mandatory selfie before leaving for the night.
We could clearly hear the horn of a car beeping. We ran towards the main door. We knew it was Francis. He wore a grey leather jacket over a white "v" necked t-shirt which showed his amazing and well-built body. He looked stunning, to be honest. 
He waved us from the car grinning with all his teeth. I knew he was showing off because he was traveling in some latest Porsche. Francis had a rich and well-known family background. He was always urging to help me but I did not want money and self-respect to collide along with each other as the consequences could directly vary with our friendship.
We both took the back seat quickly. Francis was on the passenger seat with his driver. "You guys look so intimidating. I'm proud to enter the party with such hot ladies, people want one and I'm paired with two, lucky me", he patted his own shoulders.
"Says the basic flirtatious Francis", I cut him up. 
Gina pinched my arm turning towards Francis, "You don't look bad yourself. Like I have to make an account of the girls who drop their jaws after looking at you", she sugarcoated my sarcastic tone. 
"And I will go to each of them and secretly tell in their ears that Francis is gay", I winked at Gina. 
"You whore", Francis made a nasty comment and later laughed to cover up for the look his driver gave him.
"Like my best friends are", we all collapsed laughing at our irrelevant statements. 
We finally arrived. We got out and walked side by side. This party was a bit different from the earlier ones we had in high school. I could smell alcohol and the smoke lingered in my nose which was exhaled from cigarettes. I could see people making out in every corner, pass by with boys literally pouring out their tongues in a girl's throat. This party was not supervised by any teacher, which was one good thing that clearly meant no limits. 
"Oh, my God, I could sense us being in college", Gina twirled out of excitement after looking at the atmosphere around. 
"Oh yes this party is so exotic", Francis made an instinct reply throwing his gaze at every girl who moved alone and was not accompanied by a partner. 
Sadness concealed my face as I made another statement, "I wish I could wait a little longer. I almost waited for this day for 4 years."
"Then let's make the most of it", Francis put his arm around me as his hands rested on my shoulder.
Walking towards the dance floor I realized that not many were really dancing, all they did was jumped either on the floor or on their partners, some even puked because of overuse of alcohol. Ew.
"Hey babe, wanna dance?" A guy came towards Gina smirking and dang it, he was Samuel Smith, he had good looks paired with hazel eyes. He always used to try over Gina by complimenting her on small things like sometimes for good grades, sometimes for the dress she wore, and so on... We never noticed him much except his teeth. They were kind of yellow which could definitely make his look go from 100 to 20. 
"Go for it", I and Francis signaled her. We both then moved our hands through our lips which meant that don't kiss that lips because of the teeth.
Gina hopped into the dance floor with the Samuel Guy. She seemed quite comfortable and easy with him. I and Francis started having a look at the party and commenting on everyone's dresses, walking style, partners, etc. We made sure that it was audible to only us because we did not mean to hurt any one's feelings. 
"Look at that girl, she's continuously staring at you from top to bottom", I pointed towards the girl who was dressed in a black off-shouldered dress. 
"You mean Marie?" Francis questioned. 
"Yes! Go ask her for a dance and make the most out of it. She's so hot", I pushed Francis away from me.
"B-but I cannot leave you alone Ammie!" 
"What am I? Three years old?" I asked rhetorically. 
He smiled and then went towards the Marie girl. I took a distanced view of the situation. They both went towards the open air space where the fire was lit from the woods. It looked more like a campfire which meant she definitely approved his proposal for the night. I was now alone. I looked at the watch, it was yet 8. I still had 15 minutes to pass time around this place so I wandered alone around trying to get the feel. 
I went near the dancing crowd and started dancing with the anonymous public out there. I really was enjoying my time as I never felt so alive before.
"Are you alone?" A guy randomly interrogated with a high pitch voice because the music was quite loud.
"No, I mean yes, my best friends got their dates so probably yes", I shouted back. 
I could not see his face clearly because of the innumerable amount of changing lights. But he had black eyes and was a bit shady in terms of skin. Three girls were hanging over him which definitely revealed his inner fuck boy. 
I parted away after looking at the crowd as it was almost 8:15 pm so I had to leave. Gina was busy dancing so I did not disturb her and Francis was out of sight which forced my mind to think dirty things about him but it was quite obvious too. 
While walking on the road, I wiped out some amount of red lipstick as I had to look decent. I took the nearest taxi and finally reached the office. 
It was decorated in a very elegant way. It looked so sophisticated and classy at the same time. Since I knew the party was in the enormous ballroom which was on the underground floor, I first decided to drop my bag at my cabin which was on the seventh floor. 
I went through Mr. Richie Rich's cabin. He was busy locking the door of his cabinet. I looked at him and before we could make any eye contact, I changed my eyesight's direction by turning away. 
"Don't create a chaos today", He unexpectedly spoke. I saw him examining me, my body, and my dress carefully. I could examine his gaze moving from my head till my toe.
###chapter 6
I felt a bit uneasy so I examined myself too. Let me really make this statement that, Mr. Reynolds looked highly intimidating in his hot black suit paired with a white shirt and a black tie. His hair was spiked a bit, and his blue eyes shined. He had those Greek God looks and ugly nature. Mom always said that what mattered in a person was always his nature and not looks. 
I saw him turning apart. I quickly went towards my cabin. There was a parcel on my table. I went closer to it for further examination. 
It was a huge box. I figured out that there may be some kind of clothing in it. After opening the parcel, I was not shocked being that there was a dress in it. A white well-ironed shirt and a black pencil skirt. It looked quite elegant and professional but also boring. On the topmost right portion of the shirt, there was a batch that included my name. 
I quickly removed my knee-length red dress and kept it on the chair and wore the dress which was in the box. I pushed my skirt a bit up so that it looked fashionable too. I didn't really want to wear a dress but I had to.
After carefully pinning the batch near my chest, I tied a ponytail out of my hair which made my look neat as the outfit did not really match my previous hairstyle, which was kind of casual. 
I thoroughly took a view of my look and marched fast towards the ballroom, I made sure I balanced myself properly on my 3 inches high sandals. After revolving around the place, I realized that there were some girls who were wearing the same dress as me. I knew something was suspicious and my boss was definitely up to something. 
"Hi Amanda", the new receptionist came towards me, waving. She looked lovely with a cute pink tee and a red pleated skirt. Many questions were arising in my mind, 'WHY isn't she following the same dress code as me as if she was to be the employee in the same firm.' 
Something at that moment knocked me down. Something which made me felt awful, inside out. Something because of which I could not make eye contact with anyone present in the ballroom. I for a moment felt ashamed for taking up this job in which I didn't fit in. 
All the waitresses at the party were wearing the same dress as me. I was surely monetarily unstable but my mom would never want me to do this, now I knew that I had to. I respected every variety of professions, no offense but this was not something I was paid for. 
I suddenly made eye contact with Mr. Aaron Reynolds. He evilly smirked after looking at me because the word "smile" was something that had no place in his dictionary. I knew that it was his plan to insult me so loud in public so that I couldn't look in my eyes when facing the mirror. 
I did expect cheap traits from him but never expected him to start them this early. 
Suddenly, an old man came and handed me a tray, full of glasses of liquor and that's not it, he even scolded at me by saying "You aren't paid for standing still and looking at pretty faces, you coward", his scream was loud and clear enough for people to hear. I looked down, towards the floor as I felt ashamed.
"I'm not paid for this job anyway", I said to myself and took that tray from his hand. I could've offended. I chose not to. I knew that these were the very first days of my work. I had to go through everything and make a mark. He was testing me or maybe irritating me, I just had to pass with good marks.
"Hey girl, Get me a glass!" Some nasty rich brat ordered. 
"Here, sir", I gave out one.
Unquestionably, I wanted to hit him right in his head because everything he was doing was examining the size of my boobs. I felt uneasy of course but I maintained a grip at my temper too. 
Far from my place, I saw a man, his vision to me was blurry but when I could clearly see him I was so sure that they were my friends, my best friends. After seeing them my whole world started collapsing because the least I wanted was them to see me dress up completely like a waitress and do the job of one too. 
I started taking long steps, increased my walking speed to make sure I was totally and completely out of sight from them. 
And then dang it! My balance with the tray shook up and all the glasses collided with the floor breaking instinctively with liquor spilled all over the floor. No matter how much I tried to balance out things, everything in my life always got out of control.
I did not have the courage to raise my head and look at Mr. Reynolds, Francis, Gina, or the innumerable crowd present in the ballroom. When I finally gathered the courage to look up, unsurprisingly, everyone was already looking at me.
Francis and Gina were coming towards me and Mr. Reynolds didn't seem to care. He had this face which said: "I-WAS-EXPECTING-SUCH-KIND-OF-MISHAP-FROM-THIS-GIRL" 
I turned over to some vacant place and no, I did not pick up the mess off the floor. I had some self-respect after all. 
I could see my best friends coming towards me. The closer they came, the more emotional I got. I hated to display my emotions but I could not control them too. Then, when they were just inches away, my eyes started watering. I wiped them away before they could travel through my cheek. 
"Hey, hey, hey! It's okay. It's okay. Shush, it's just us baby girl", Gina wiped out the remaining tears and Francis removed his handkerchief and offered it to me. 
"Why are you doing this Amanda? I thought you were appointed here as a secretary?" Francis questioned. 
"I am! It's one of my boss's dirty tactics to annoy me", I reverted. 
"Dickhead, I'll go and cut his balls right away", anger was clearly felt in Gina's tone. 
"Why are you guys here?" I changed the topic. 
"My father had an official invitation and we thought we'd surprise you", Francis answered, his eyes met mine. 
"Awe that's so sweet of you both but I'd be happier if you guys could go and join the fresher's party again as I would not be comfortable working as a waitress in front of your eyes", I pushed them away. 
Gina kissed my cheek, "Remember we love you"
"Yea, yea we do", Francis kissed the other one, and then they left. I watched them leave and I did not stop them as personally I wanted them to enjoy their time at the freshers.
I moved towards the bartender's corner to pick the tray up. This time I was more careful than before. I took every step carefully. A man in his mid 30's called me from the right corner of the ballroom where there was a lesser crowd. There were hardly any people out there. I went towards him and offered him the tray so that he could pick up a glass of his choice. 
On grabbing the whole tray from my hand, he kept it on the closest table. I wondered what his intentions were but whatsoever they were, I could figure out he had something dirty running in his mind. He fetched my wrist with his right hand and rubbed his fingers on my palm. I knew what this sign meant. Francis had told me about this, it meant: Can-you-have-a-nightstand-with-me. 
"Get away you pervert", I pushed him away screaming. He came extremely closer to me. He grasped my wrists and pulled it whilst dragging me away from the ballroom, towards the hallway.
"Not now baby, you have this beautiful face and body. I'll help you make the most of it, just wish on an amount and it's yours. All you have to do is be pleasurable tonight", He grabbed me by my waist. 
I could not move an inch. He held me hard against him, I tried pushing him away. The harder I pushed, the closer he tugged me to him. "I'm not a sex slave, I work here. Please let go off me", I begged of him. 
"Not today. I promise you're gonna enjoy it as much as I do", he started dragging me away from the crowd. We were out of the ballroom by now and there was not one person nearby.
He was just inches away from me. His body was held tight against mine. He was about to place his lips on mine when suddenly someone punched his face. My vision was blurry because I was crying at the panic of being raped, because of the anxiety of not having my first time as per my wish, and also the fear of losing my virginity to someone unknown. 
When I wiped my eyes I saw that Mr. Reynolds was the one. He scolded at that man whilst pulling him towards his direction through his collars. He punched him on his face. The pervert's nose started bleeding and a part of me wanted to dance from inside on seeing his wreck. Mr. Reynolds pointed towards the outside door which was a signal for that man to leave the party. 
"You can go home now, you're done for today", Mr. Reynolds turned and looked at me for some seconds and then started walking towards the ballroom again. 
I synchronized with his walking speed and held his hand from back. He then turned around towards me. I intertwined both of my hands with the fingers of his right hand and appreciated him by saying "Thank you, sir!" and left the ballroom.
Mr. Reynolds was a person with multiple personalities. He hated me, created trouble for me but yet saved me. His actions and words confused me. My head started aching after what I faced today, I had to sleep and flush off all the thoughts I had in my mind.
###chapter 7
Amanda's POV

Everything about yesterday was so disturbing. I could not sleep in my bedroom so I chose to sleep next to my mom, on her bed, in her room. There was chaos, there was drama, and of course Mr. Reynolds's nature split. I couldn't really relate myself to my old life where things were so simple and ordinary. Now everything was extra-ordinary. 
"Here sunshine, your cup of coffee ", mom passed the tray of coffee with some biscuits towards me. She looked quite disturbed and I knew she was not going to share her problems with me so I decided to stay patient until she tells me, all by herself.
"Thank you mom, A lot ", I gave her a comforting smile. Well if mom was not showing me her problems then it was null and void because lately, I'd been hiding my problems from her too. But it was for the best. I did not want her to get worried because she already had enough problems to deal with.
"So how's everything, my big girl ", Mom broke the silence.
"All good, just coping with the busy life and trying to adjust myself in the environment around ", I answered a bit late.
"You're my brave girl, you'll make through, love ", mom was so comforting that she made me forget all my problems for a while.
"How is Samarrah?" Did she contact you? When is she going to make it up with us? She said her completion to the course was just a month away, why isn't she here by now?" I flooded multiple questions upon mom at a time.
"She's okay and she's going to make it home, anytime soon" Mom answered in a short one-line sentence about her little daughter. Something made her nervous while answering things about Samarrah.
Samarrah? Yes, Samarrah was my 18-year-old little sister. She had been to the nearby city for pursuing an internship. We did contact each other frequently. We weren't really acquainted with each other like every sibling. We fought hard all the time. But, I missed and loved her. She was a year younger than me.
"Aren't you late for college?" Mom totally broke my connection with my conscience.
"Yes, Yeah I do ", I woke up instinctively and packed up my stuff as fast as I could.
I picked up a full-sleeved yellow shrug over a pale white tee. Leggings matched perfectly with my look. I examined my reflection in the mirror than thought for a while that will this dress go with the corporate atmosphere? Nevertheless, Mr. Reynolds would anyways shout at me.
After reaching college, the first thing I did was contacted Gina and Francis because I wanted to sit with them, staying alone in the class sucked. Your classmate's judge, try to bully you and etc.
"How are you so early today?" Francis was in a complete shock.
"Pinch me France ", Gina turned towards Francis aka France. We called him France because it annoyed him a bit more than most. I winked doing a quick hair flip. 
The bell ranged for the lecture. In the class, we couldn't talk much because Mrs. Susanne was in a bad mood. She was giving detentions even to the students who dropped their jaws open. 
We definitely got a good time for gossiping during the break. We were talking to each other while eating and then suddenly the yellow teeth guy aka Samuel showed up. His face was red, his lips stretched into a smile from ear to ear. Well, precisely, he was blushing whilst looking at Gina. Francis dug his chin in his chest and watched Gina with cornered eyes. I knew that something was fishy.
I pouted and raised my brows while looking towards Gina. Gina knew that I had the TELL-ME-OR-I-KILL-YOU expression. She nodded her head which meant that she'll give me clear detailing of the picture after he's gone. 
"So, why that blush, Samuel ", I cornered my eyes and focused my attention towards Samuel. I was teasing him on purpose.
He kept silent for a while, then continued "Nothing really".God! I had the desire to whiten his teeth by painting it with my white paint every time he opened his mouth.
"I understand Sam, only if you're comfortable ", I changed the topic because I was not a hardcore bitch anyway. I just tried to tease him as I was yet frustrated over the fact that he didn't lend me his assignment a year ago. I could've failed because of him. Thanks to Gina.
After a while Samuel excused himself and I was more than glad because now was the time when I can know Gina's secrets about last night."What?" Gina questioned as she arched her eyebrows.
"I need every minute detail okay? It's my basic right."
Francis was about to utter a word when Gina playfully slapped him, "I'll tell my part of the story and France will tell his"
"Are you guys even virgin", I pouted in annoyance.
"Well maybe, I am not", Francis murmured, "of course yes ", Gina exclaimed.
"We were dancing last night, then all of a sudden, Samuel brushed his lips with mine. It was just the spur of the moment", Gina blushed.
"Don't tell me you kissed his yellow teeth along with his lips ", I was obnoxious of course. 
"I did kiss him back. I won't lie because France was right there staring at me and annoying me", she blushed again and then continued "It was kind of a sweet one, so yeah I could not taste his yellow teeth"
"Maybe if you would have kissed me, I'd give you the taste of both worlds", Francis cut her off.
"France, Not again ", we both shouted together and then Gina made an air quotation towards him which meant that it was time to hear his part of the story.
"It was a sensuous night, that girl was a bomb. She initiated and I completed everything. I would have said the story in detail but first I need to make sure that you guys are really legal", Gina frown-pouted and I was curious so I questioned, "How about taking this relationship further?"
"Mad or what, she already has a boyfriend. So what happened that night stays the last night and loses its relevance in the following morning ", Francis smirked
"Fuck Boy", Gina murmured
Francis wiggled his brows, made a funny face and slightly pouted and answered "I heard that"
"Good for you", Gina was definitely angry by now "What happened yesterday, after we left?"
I told them the whole story, word by word. How that guy tried raping me and how Mr. RR (Aaron Reynolds) helped me.
"This guy Is truly facing multiple personality disorder, stay careful, okay", Gina replied all of a sudden and we all started laughing. I'll always cherish our moments, years later. Time wasting with them was not actually wasted. We talked like detectives and gossiped like the aunties in their mid 30's. I could stay there and talk to them all day but then I was alarmed that I had a job to attend
"Office time", I broke the conversation after some time and waved each one of them goodbye.
"Good luck with the Samuel guy", I winked looking at Gina. Saying goodbye is actually difficult. You tend to say that person bye so many times because you don't actually mean it and then you have to force yourself out of that situation, with all the guts you possess.
I stepped into my office premises. The college premises were so energetic and lively, here it felt so dull and boring. I felt stepping out of it the moment I entered. Every moment here was passing through hell and something today was really awkward and weird. Everyone present in the office stared at me like I was the runaway bride. Like I had murdered someone and ran away from prison and the police were in search of me.
I did not look at anyone right in their eyes. I was too embarrassed after everything about yesterday. Yes, it did get me a lot of footage and now I don't have to introduce myself to anyone because everyone now knew me.
I finally reached my cabin and carefully folded my new red dress which I left on the chair the night before. I then looked at all my mails and tried focusing on my work.
1 hour down!
2 hours down! 
I was yet working because it was at least better than the drama I've been having in my life lately.
\-Knock Knock-
"Yeah, come in! ", I did not even look at the door as if I did, I would've lost focus and regaining it would take a lot of time. 
On hearing a 'hello' from a masculine voice, I quickly looked towards the direction from where the voice came from.
There was a guy somewhere in his mid 20's. He wore a Black formal shirt and paired it with beige trousers. He had brown hair which really complimented his eyes. He smiled carelessly after looking at me and I wondered why.
"Call me James", He finally initiated the conversation with an introduction.
"I'm Amanda, nice meeting you James ", I replied with a smile because I had to make friends in this office if I had to survive.
"Yes, I know that, well, in fact, all of us know that after yesterday ", he replied with a smile as he took gradual steps close to me.
"I'm annoyed already now ", I faced myself towards the window which was totally at the opposite direction
He took the nearest chair, in front of my table "Please don't be. I'd not really appreciate annoying a beautiful woman like you"
"I don't really prefer flirting around in the office premises ", I cut him off straightforwardly.
"Blunt eh?" he was quite quick with his replies.
I smirked as I answered "Yes, of course. I take that as a compliment. Why don't you tell me something about you since you know everything about me already?"
"I'm the manager of this company as well as a good friend of Aaron. I came here to check-in and have a word with his secretary who happens to be a girl", he was really specific with the term "girl"
"Wait! What? No other secretary of my boss was a girl ", I was alarmed by the fact."Is he gay?" I ended my sentence with an amusing question.
###chapter 8
"No! No, he's not a gay ", he chortled and continued, "It's just that he doesn't like a woman's company unless it is on his bed. So, I was wondering why Aaron chose you "
"I don't have an answer to this question but I guess we have some history", I told him the whole story. 
"That's too small for a matter to affect Aaron, I feel, but since you're unaware too let's not talk about it, and by the way, nice meeting you Amanda ", James was trying to be formal.
"Nice meeting you too James ", I acted formally too.
"Aaron has some work with you. Attend him in a while but make it quick", he finally told me the actual purpose he was here for. 
"Yeah, definitely", I stood up and shook his hands which basically office people do when they wave goodbye. I saw it in the movies. Well, it was really a realistic gesture and was a must, I then realized. It wasn't the only thing I realized at that moment. The other thing which knocked down my mind was that James was saying the lines Francis told me earlier. If Mr. Reynolds had a purpose to admit me here, then I had to find out what sort of. 
On completing the last portion of work, I paved my way towards the Devil's cabin, and this time I was prepared for everything.
"You're going to do even the ugliest of his works with a smile okay?" I rhetorically questioned myself.
"Can I come in sir?", I asked Mr. Reynolds permission for getting in.
"Sure, Miss Waters ", he looked quite cheerful and he had a big trophy on his table so I now knew the real reason behind his happiness.
"I got this yesterday, I invited some guests from the television network (media) to forecast this on the television so I want you to take care of those guests properly because even the slightest mistake can ruin the reputation and it is supposed to be a social media stunt for raising the reputation of my company. Be careful", He finally exhaled after leaving all the words out of his lips. Well, I don't want to say this but his blue eyes were so mesmerizing. I had to really keep my hormones sane as the view I beheld of his beautiful face was something I couldn't take my eyes off from.
His black suit fitted his body perfectly. His defined jaw was surfaced by subtle beards making his look sexier. His straight nose was carved artistically on his ethereal face. I or any other girl who was attracted in men couldn't stop making cute illusions in her mind after encountering such a human.
Focus Amanda, he hates you and you hate him back, I tried regaining my attention while talking to myself but his face and body was really distracting.
Mr. Reynolds emptied the jar of water in a glass and came towards me holding the same in his right hand, and suddenly, I heard a clash. The glass united with the floor and the water surfaced it along with small pieces of the glass.
"You did that on purpose right?" I interrogated.
"Just a mere representation of you from the past who wanted to seek attention ", he was annoyed by my yesterday's mistake and I don't really blame him because it was me who was at fault.
"I apologize for the mistake but it was a genuine one, I swear ", I said with all the innocence.
"Tell a 4-year kid about it and he will believe. I gave the waitress's costume to you and you tried spoiling my party, fair enough. You are really not as innocent as you look Miss Waters", He raised his eyebrows and then continued "You are cunning and intelligent"
"You cannot tell me or blame me for things I didn't do Sir", I frowned.
"We're running short of time Miss Waters. Grab a mop and clean this shit. I don't want my guests to encounter such a mess", he pointed towards the mop.
I knew it was my fault so without uttering a word and with a genuine smile, I took the mop and started cleaning the mess. It felt like I was his personal maid. I couldn't really object to it since I signed the contract papers already. Through hell or back, I had to stick to this job, with him.
And when I almost completed, I looked at him and replied: "Done". Whilst looking at the floor, small droplets of blood caught my attention. I now knew how the glass shattered into pieces. I, let my gaze travel till his hands. There was a deep cut on his right palm which bled continuously.
So instead, I went towards his table and removed some tissues from the box, grabbed his hand, and placed the tissues tightly over the bleeding area so as to stop the continuously flooding blood.
"What are you doing Miss Waters?" he tried pulling his hand away but I had a tight grip over it.
"Clearing the mess so accordingly I'm listening to your orders." the blood almost stopped. I opened his desk's drawer and took possession over the first aid box. I quickly removed the antiseptic cream and applied it over.
I really hated this guy but also I could not see him in pain. He saved me yesterday and today, I returned the favor. Though, it was very less comparatively.
"I need to push you out of my cabin", he said angrily, he yanked away from his hands away from my hold.
"After the guests leave", I took the nearest chair to settle my ass on.
Hopefully, the meeting with the guests was not really long and it didn't include any of my clumsy behavior. After the guests left, I paved my way towards my cabin.
###chapter 9
Amanda's POV

Everything is ephemeral. What comes now has to go tomorrow. If you're poor today, you'll definitely be rich tomorrow. If you're facing failures now, success will knock you down soon. The truth is our life is subject to various variations. 
I was in Starbucks with my java chip all alone at 11 am in the morning. Yes, it was a day off from college which meant I could totally focus on my office work for now.
I drank a sip of my favorite frappucino. I was all alone because I wanted some space for myself. I felt good, to be honest, for a while. I was out of all the drama and felt peace looking at the green and fresh environment outside the glass window.
"Are you okay sir?" a man with nerds and dense beards was continuously coughing right next to me. It looked like he was waiting for some people. He dressed quite casually. His facial features resembled someone very likely. I couldn't recollect whom. His side face gave me a gist of Mr. Reynolds but his presence here was quite impossible.
"Yes, Thanks ", he replied but seemed quite shocked while confronting me, like he didn't expect me here. 
On unseating himself, he came right next to me. He smelled like someone I knew. Like Mr. Reynolds. But, his chin was quite hairy and it was beyond the bounds of possibility to grow such dense beards in one day. There could be more scents of the same kind, the company may manufacture. I diverted my mind which wandered totally about my devil boss.
"What are you doing here Miss Waters? " he whispered silently in my ears maintaining his rude accent. 
I was completely shocked after hearing his voice. The weird man I doubted a while ago was no one but Mr. Reynolds, all dressed casually along with beanie and nerd glasses. He was definitely on a mission to deceit someone. He could really do anything for the welfare of his business.
"That's you?" I inhaled deeply. This wasn't a dream, it was real. He was real.
"Yes me! Dare you to ruin everything ", he warned with wide eyes. He yet looked great with nerd glasses and dense beards. 
"Okay. I won't give a reason to complain. You made my exit from my favorite place easier than ever", I thumped my feet while possessing the standing position. 
"Yes, go for now", he murmured. Suddenly, we were joined by a group of people all dressed in formals. Without a ritualistic invitation, they settled themselves on the vacant seats surrounding us.
"Who is this young girl, Mr. Steve ", one of the men from their group asked while looking at me. He watched me several times with cornered eyes before opening up the question. Mr. Steve? Yeah, maybe it was Mr. Reynolds's fake name which he projected for the meeting.
I kept silent for a while and refused to answer the question. I was aware of the fact that my mouth was garbage. It could either spoil his meeting to some extent or spoil his meeting to a greater extent. There's nothing in between.
"She is? Umm, she's my one and only wife", Mr. Reynolds aka Mr. Steve grasped me closer to him through my waist with his right hand and kissed me on my cheek tightly. 
I could not resist the butterflies I felt in my belly. I blushed, a little. His hands were warm and his kiss was sweet enough to suffice for the sugar-free coffee. My thinking capacity came to a standstill as whatever his plan was, I, now was a part of it.
"Just a Husband - wife casual meet", he continued and I nodded with a smile. 
"If it's a meeting, for now, I guess I should leave ", I tried running away from the situation. 
"No, it's okay Madam. You can stay here because we're here for a while. Don't worry we're just borrowing your husband for some moments", all of the men gestured me with so much of respect. 
"It's okay, baby! You can sit with us", Mr. Reynolds pushed my chair in an outward direction so that I could settle myself in. The flattering words out of his mouth felt weird, his smile was extremely fake, 50 shades of fake.
I nodded whilst agreeing to him. I answered slowly "Yes, sure"
I kept numb. Mr. Reynolds along with the men discussed things, things which were very professional. The talk continued for an hour. 
"So, I guess we consider this meeting a deal ", one of them spoke up and everyone agreed.
Mr. Reynolds hurriedly questioned, "So where are the contract papers?"
"Not before you attend tonight's party with your loving wife", the dominant one of those men proposed a small invitation card in his direction.
"What? Me? ", everyone's attention rested on me because of my instinctive reaction to the term 'wife'. I had to make up for this so I continued "I mean what I will do in a professional party. I hardly know anyone there", I plastered my face with a smile.
"Don't worry madam, it's not one of those professional parties. You'll really enjoy with other ladies out there. It's an anniversary party of our boss ", he signaled towards their boss who smiled slightly. 
"Yes sure, we're going to attend", Mr. Reynolds aka the fake Steve guy held me firm with his hands through my arms. After some minutes, they left sparking up another trouble to my troublesome life.
"Now we're in trouble", I murmured after seeing all the men completely out of sight, Mr. Reynolds slowly loosened his grip over me. 
"You are the one who created it, so now you've to act like a wife. I'll pick you up by 8 pm, I don't like latecomers ", he totally transferred the blame on my shoulders but how about asking me my permission first?
"You were the one who came towards me", I cleared myself.
"You were the one who questioned me", he instinctively replied.
"Why are you lying?" I wanted to understand the situation in order to be a part of one. 
"Their company will never assign a contract to Aaron Reynolds. They need someone who has a favorable image and is more of a family man. They feel that only a family man can understand a situation better in a cool and calm manner", he smirked. I knew he was silently laughing at their thoughts.
"This is a fraud then", I tried judging.
"Not when I'll have the original papers in my name", he completed his master plan.
I cleared my trafficked thoughts, "They sure will read the papers ",
"Not when you're going to distract them", he raised his eyebrows evilly as he looked at me. I had no idea what his plan was but I was scared already.
"What? Me? , I'm not really a good actor." 
"Will some increments to your salary make you one?" he was totally trading me with money. 
I thought for a while and answered "I'll give acting a shot then", why would I let go of a chance of having a handsome amount.
"Get ready and be prepared. Don't come to the office today! ", were his last words while leaving Starbucks. 
I stood there for a while and left for home. I was happy that there was an off for office today along with college. I chose to walk till home as I had a lot of free time. After reaching home, after a while, I decided to take a quick nap so as to give rest to my mind as well as body.
On hearing continuous knocking over the door, I woke up instinctively. There was a man with a parcel in his hand. He looked familiar, after closer observation I realized that he was the clerk of my office. I grabbed the parcel from his hand and thanked him for getting it to me. The inner devil within me wanted to hit him very hard for waking me up when I was half asleep.
I carefully closed the door and took that parcel towards my room. I kept it on my bed. Initially, I was scared to open it because previously the parcel from "Reynolds Associations" contained a waitress's dress. This time it could be a dress of a unicorn, who knew?
I, whilst opening the parcel encountered a small note at the very end of it. It read "wear this tonight, couldn't trust your old fashion sense -Aaron Reynolds ", I crumbled the paper and threw it towards the closest bin in my bedroom. I didn't know either to thank him for the dress or grudge against him for considering my fashion sense inaccurate.
On realization of the time, I took a quick shower and draped the dress on my body properly. It looked quite fascinating and expensive. It was an off shouldered black dress which was perfect for showing off of collar bones. Beneath the dress was a pair of black wedges.
I quickly wore it. It was 3 inches above the knee. I didn't prefer wearing short dresses, but I had to wear it anyway. I gave a smokey look to my eyes and made a messy side-parted hairstyle leaving them open. I decided to go with a hot pink lip shade. I wore the medium heeled wedges and marched towards the door. 
I waited for the knock at the door and when I could hear one, I quickly ran towards the door and opened it. It was Mr. Reynolds dressed up completely in a grey tuxedo. He had his hairs a bit messy. His dense artificial beard added sparks to his look. He had the pair of nerds in his hand which he was going to wear directly at the party, I guess.
"I'm ready sir ", he was already staring at me from head to toe. It made me uncomfortable so I matched my eyeballs with him and examined myself to see if anything on me was weird. Fortunately, everything looked fine.
"Yes, I could see that. Presentable much ", he smirked and continued "Try not calling me sir or Mr. Reynolds for tonight, Steve okay?"
###chapter 10
I nodded and then carefully locked the door and kept the key in my purse. My mom had the other set of keys so I could carry one freely. He signaled me towards his car. It was definitely one kind of an expensive model. I opened the door of the back seat and made myself comfortable there.
"What do I look to you? A driver?", Mr. Reynolds was annoyed by the fact of me sitting on the back seat.
"I'm sorry. I thought that you wouldn't like it if I sit on the passenger seat next to you ", I apologized
"Well Mr. Reynolds wouldn't like it but since I'm Mr. Steve and you are my wife, try acting like one ", he opened the door of the passenger seat next to him.
I silently opened the door of the back seat and paved my way towards the front seat. Mr. Reynolds closed the door after making sure that I was seated.
The ride began. The only voice which was audible to my ears was of the horns. He kept quiet and I didn't dare to utter a word either. I cornered my eyes and watched him drive, his blue eyes were focused on the road, and mine was focused on him. I made sure that our eyes didn't collide as it would be really awkward for both of us. 
"All set?" he interrogated breaking the silence.
"Probably yes" I answered.
"Probably word will never let you win in your life. It's the quality losers possess", he looked straight towards the road.
I didn't reply to him but instead kept quite. We reached the party in some time. Mr. Reynolds aka Mr. Steve acted like a perfect gentleman, he opened the door of the car and let me out after parking it. I tried acting like a habitual 25-year-old woman too.
After coming closer to me, he propelled his left hand in my direction and questioned: "Can I?" 
I gave away my right hand to which he quickly intertwined his left. I could feel the warmth of his muscles as they were touching mine. Our bodies were almost glued as we walked by.
After taking gradual steps in synchronization to each other's feet, we reached the middle of the party. Mr. Reynolds didn't fail to surface the pair of spectacles around his nose. I held my purse tightly with my left hand as it had the contract papers in it. The bag was a small sling shouldered bag.
We paved our way towards the party's host i.e. towards the couple who invited us here in order to greet them. They looked so cute together. They were hugging and kissing each other carelessly. Someday, I also wanted to celebrate my anniversary like such with the person I loved. 
"Congratulations Mr. and Mrs." I saw their name and surname on the projected screen and quickly continued "Linley". Their couple was the definition of cuteness. Mrs. Linley was so friendly that when I greeted her she directly hugged me. A part of me felt so bad for plotting against them but then I had to keep aside the emotions if, I wanted my job to be stable.
After parting ourselves from the couple Mr. Reynolds muttered under his breath, clear enough for me to hear "I don't know for how long we have to go through this shit".
"Why does working with you mean giving up on the humble side of me ", I whispered in his ear.
"Just a start Miss Waters ", he loved irritating me so much.
The music began and it was a sweet and melodious tone. Almost every couple on the ground went in the dancing area. We preferred staying back.
"You'll really enjoy dancing there, I assure ", a person from Mr. Linley's office who was present in the morning pointed us towards the dance floor. 
"Yes! Yes, sure! ", Mr. Reynolds took my hand and pulled me towards the dance floor.
"But I - I don't know how to dance", I whispered silently in his ears.
"Go with the flow", Mr. Reynolds assured me.
The music was My favorite Carrie Underwood's "Heartbeat" which was aired in full volume.
\-I love it when we're at a party in a down-town crowd
Oh but I can hear you call me baby with the music up loud-
Mr. Reynolds caught me by the waist and pulled me closer. I curled my hands around his neck. Our heads touched but we made sure to keep some inches difference between our lips.
\-Red wine, good times, no I don't mind being with everyone else
And then there's nightlife tonight that I, I want you to myself -
He loosened up his grip over me and then I curled towards him from the right side. My back touched his chest and we swayed our feet together in rhythm.
\-And tonight I wanna drive so far we'll only find static on the radio
And we can't see those city lights and I love the way you look in a firefly glow-
I uncurled myself and he took hold of my right hand with his left and wrapped his other hand on my waist. I took grip by catching him through his arms. I tried curling my hands around his neck earlier but it really created an intimidating situation by pushing desires in me to kiss him hard.
\- Saying everything without making a sound,
A cricket choir in the background, underneath a harvest moon -
I rested my head on his shoulders and he supported me by putting both of his hands on my back. I've never done a couple-dance earlier but this was the first best experience.
\- Standing on your shoes in my bare feet, dancing to the rhythm of your heartbeat
Oh Woah, and we're dancing to the rhythm of your heartbeat -
I let go of his shoulders and placed both of my hands on his neck again. He lifted me up through my hips and turned me around. I never knew that Mr. Richie Rich could dance so well.
\-I wanna feel it like a kick drum, beating faster in your chest, I wanna feel you holding onto me and make me hold my breath -
He placed me down carefully on the ground like I was the most precious thing in his life. Fireworks were burning within me and butterflies kept fluttering since the moment we entered the party. Since the moment he placed his hands on mine, on my skin.
\-You pull me closer, my head on your shoulder, baby we won't beat the song-
He made the sexiest eye contact with me. It was impossible to look away. I really wanted to look away and distract myself from the dirty thoughts but our head touched so I couldn't.
\-We'll make a fallen star wish, one more slow kiss, what are we waiting on? -
These words created the most romantic environment ever. He came extremely close to me, our nose touched. Our lips were just centimeters away. He overcame that distance within no time. He slowly placed his lips on mine. "Am I dreaming?" I questioned myself. But no I wasn't. I was living it.
\-And tonight I wanna drive so far we'll only find static on the radio
And we can't see those city lights and I love the way you look in a firefly glow-
It was not even one perfect kiss. He just placed his lips on mine for some seconds and then took them apart. But to me, it felt something. I felt something. But whatever I felt had to stop because there were possibilities of only heartbreaks.
\- Saying everything without making a sound -
He looked towards me, in my eyes and all I did was blush. I knew my cheeks would have reddened by now.
The song got over and when I turned around I saw that no one except us was dancing. People watched us with "awe". I could see them totally flattered by our performance, they eventually started clapping. I could not control but smile vigorously.
We both bowed down towards the audience and said a "Thank You" in synchronization. I could hear some teenagers saying "couple goals" after looking at us. A cute little girl came towards us with a flower in her hand and gave that to me "One day I would love to grow up as beautiful as you"
"Of course you will. I bet, you'll be prettier", I pecked her forehead.
Mr. Reynolds tightened his grip over me which meant that we have to do what we were here for i.e. the fraudulent practice. It broke me apart. A part of me didn't approve of it. I didn't really intend to let down the people around.
"Go according to the plan Miss Waters ", Mr. Richie Rich explained.
"Yes surely! I'll try", I was not sure that whether I could do it or not because doing something like this was completely out of my comfort zone. The plan was that Mr. Reynolds will carry the contract papers and handle them to Mr. Linley. That very moment, I'll act feeling dizzy. Mr. Reynolds will claim that I am pregnant with his baby and so I'd urge him to leave this party as soon as possible. Mr. Reynolds will force Mr. Linley to sign the papers before my situation gets any critical.
I just wished that everything goes according to the plan and I could portray the role which Mr. Reynolds projected for me.
I and Mr. Reynolds went towards the happy couple. Mr. Reynolds signaled me with his eyes to start acting but I couldn't. I just couldn't. I looked at Mr. Linley and told him the truth. I told him everything we lied about. I told him that we brought up this activity to get access to the contract. I told him that I was nothing but his secretary.
I didn't make eye contact with Mr. Reynolds but I knew that he was raging by now. I apologized to him without actually making eye contact. Later, I ran out of the party where I never belonged to. The papers were yet with me. 
I could hear footsteps coming towards me. I could even hear someone shouting my name from behind but I didn't just want to stay so I took the nearest taxi. I knew that I was going to be fired tomorrow and I was kind of prepared for it too.
###chapter 11
Amanda's POV

I pinned up the tiny strands of my hair which settled comfortably on my forehead. I straightened my shirt which was carefully tucked in my black palazzo pants. I was looking over my watch, again and again, considering the fact that I was running short of time. The receptionist then announced my name. I quickly stood up.
Oh Yes! I did not go to college that day. I had to sort out a big amount of mess first. I kept canceling the continuous innumerable calls of Gina and Francis. I avoided keeping my phone on silent because Mr. Reynolds could call me any moment and I didn't want it to be another reason, to sum up on his scolding towards me.
Oh now, you may think that if I was not in Mr. Reynolds's office then whose? I was somewhere I was supposed to be. I kept walking silently towards the cabin I was called in. I knocked on the door, not more than two times, and there was an immediate response of "come in ".
I went inside the cabin and initiated the conversation with a sweet smile paired with a good morning wish. Mr. Linley was one heck of a well mannered and kind-heartened person as he greeted me back.
"I assume you're here for one sort of fake drama. If that's the case then I'm certainly not interested to listen to your irrelevant drama all over again", he turned away and continued doing the paperwork.
"I am sorry, I really am", I tried indulging into eye contact with him.
"What else Miss Waters aka Mrs. Steve", he frowned.
I was shattered from within, on realizing how much of a liar I was in the past. The person who wanted me to attend his party, who greeted me warmly, now couldn't even resist my presence in his cabin "I couldn't sleep last night. I'm truly sorry", I apologized.
After completely listening to my sentence, he nodded but didn't utter a word. Not even a single one "If only I could make up for the loss. I apologize on my behalf to Mrs. Linley. She's a sweetheart"
He played with his pen for a while and then replied "If you are doing this for my signature over the contract papers then it's really not a good idea, and certainly a waste of your precious time, which you could probably invest in planning another fraudulent practice"
I removed the papers from my bag and handed over to him, "This is a genuine apology, Sir. Keep those papers for assurance that I at least did not fake a 'sorry'" 
I carefully lifted myself up from the seat and gathered all my guts and concluded my apologetic lines with one last sentence, "Sir, I'm not faking it. We were genuine enough to take a step back when realizing our mistake. We could easily fool you last night. We didn't do it, though", I took small steps towards the exit, and yes I used the term 'we' when Mr. Reynolds was not even in guilt.
"Give my regards to Mrs. Linley and heartily congratulations once again", I turned around before turning the doorknob.
"Miss. Waters", I heard my name being called from the back, my eyes collided with his.
"You left these papers", he smirked.
"I'm so sorry sir ", I added up to the innumerable apologies for the day and left his cabin. The papers were yet in my hand, I felt like throwing them in the dustbin but I could probably throw them in Mr. Richie Rich's dustbin.
On starting to fold the papers, I carefully placed them in my bag. But then I saw an inked thing over it. I removed the papers again and after having a closer observation, I realized that they were signed already.
I was so overjoyed that I directly ran towards Mr. Linley's cabin and entered without a knock and directly shook his hands. Ah yes, I was about to hug him but my nerves had great control over me. 
"Thank you so much, sir. It means a lot to me, for us. A real lot ", I grinned like a fool.
"I love your honesty Amanda", Oh yeah, he called me Amanda. I almost forgot my name because of the professional circle. Who knew a little apology and a good cute smile could do wanders. I was overwhelmed by the fact that I at least didn't lie. I thought that Mr. Reynolds would appreciate me for once actually.
I waved him a final goodbye and left his cabin. I canceled all of Mr. Reynolds's calls because I wanted to tell him the good news all by myself. This was the first time I actually proved myself. I wanted to show him that in this world where everything is so plastic and materialistic, honesty and humanity still existed.
I took a taxi as fast as I could and signaled the driver the address of my office. I reached in a few minutes and rushed towards the elevator. I encountered James aka the manager plus Mr. Reynolds's best friend standing there playing with his hair.
"Hi there", I waved. I was really in a good mood because I just couldn't control my happiness. 
"Reynolds is very angry right now. I'm really scared about the consequences. He has been inquiring about you since the morning", he checked his phone and then continued "Here goes another call for you"
"Please just let it go, don't give an answer to this call. I'm reaching his cabin right now", I insisted.
"Okay fine, rush baby girl ", he pointed towards the elevator.
I disliked James too much. He always tried flirting with me. I was more into a gentleman kind of man. Whenever I looked in his eyes, I just didn't feel right. I felt like he was masked up and just pretended to be something like he impersonated some good image.
I, at once rushed towards Mr. Reynolds's cabin. "Can I come in sir?" I questioned knocking at the doorstep of Mr. Reynolds.
"Yes madam, your presence is something which is highly relevant for this situation", I could sense the sarcasm behind his smile.
"We need to talk", I went closer to him taking small steps. He looked really angry, I was scared.
"Yes, we sure need too", he came towards me, and finally we were just a hand distance away. Every moment about yesterday's night was playing repeatedly in my brain, in a black and white format. I couldn't just forget about it, everything about the night before was so different and unusual.
The guy who didn't like standing next to me held my hand, The guy who was prone to an ugly restricted language said the sweetest words any guy had ever spoken to me except Francis. The guy who acted like a complete racist kissed me. I don't know if that was real or just an illusion but it definitely meant something to me.
"So what would you like to say on your behalf Miss Amanda Water", I knew his speech was going to be a dreadful one so I decided to tell him at once.
"Sir", he kept his hand over my mouth and ceased me from talking any further. 
"Shush ", he glued his lips, held me closer through his hands, and tightly pushed my back against the wall and came closer.
"Let go of me, you're hurting me", I tried pushing myself forward but his muscles were so hard that the more I tried, the more it caused me pain.
"You started the trouble, you always do. You're always in a mood for revenge, aren't you?" he rhetorically questioned.
"I-Uh", he stopped me from talking again and this time, he placed his hands over my lips tighter than before. My body was shivering out of fear. I had no power to free myself as he was stronger than me. I was devastated by the fact that his mind was yet rotating around the revenge cycle.
He looked at me with wide eyes. His eyes were deep and scary. The sclera of his eyes was surrounded with a shade of red which obviously scared me more. 
"If you were in a mood to play the truth-truth game, why did you stretch the drama? Like, you could've said that to Mr. Linley, the very moment. I knew that girls like you only want attention"
###chapter 12
He pushed me back, he let go of his palm over my lips but tightened his grip on both of my arms again. I could barely move an inch so I stayed calm, silent, and listened without uttering a word. I wanted to tell him everything but also wanted to see that to what extent he could play the role of a hell animal.
My eyes were watery because even stray dogs didn't take this much insult. Every moment in this office was like staying with a devil.
"Stop, okay?" I tried to control the tears but my eyes were definitely not obeying my commands. My voice was breaking into half because of them. It's really an annoying moment when you don't want to show your emotions but they appear making you look like a three-year-old.
"You're rusticated Miss Waters ", he let go off me with a sigh.
I looked at my arms which were completely red by the moment, bit swollen too. I didn't take any stand for myself even when I had a chance to. I wanted to prove Mr. Reynolds wrong but I wanted him to regret it. 
\-TRING TRING - (phone rings)
Mr. Reynolds diverted his attention from me and started walking towards his desk where the phone rang. I started walking towards the door. I thought of submitting the contract papers to James as he was comparatively a better person and I lost the job anyway.
"Good Afternoon to you too", Mr. Reynolds's voice could be overheard. 
"Really?" he sounded puzzled as he questioned the person on the other side of the phone. I took smaller steps then before because I somehow figured out that it was Mr. Linley on the other side of the phone.
"Okay, I'll hand it over to Miss Waters"
I turned around facing Mr. Reynolds when I heard my name. He aired the phone in my direction which meant that I had to attend it.
I quickly received the phone. "Well hello Miss Waters ", Mr. Linley greeted once again.
After clearing my throat, I replied with a 'Good Afternoon Sir' as my wrecked up voice needed to be hospitalized as soon as possible.
"Mr. Reynolds is really happy, isn't he?" Mr. Linley questioned.
"He's overjoyed ", I lied.
"My wife really liked you a lot! She was talking about you and your honesty. Visit her sometimes"
"Sure thing sir", my lips stretched into a smile.
"Of course, give my regards to ma'am sir!" I continued.
"Sure thing" I ended the call with a goodbye. Mr. Reynolds was staring at me continuously. No amount of guilt could be felt on her face, neither did he look happy. He had his poker face on point.
"Why didn't you tell me earlier?" He questioned again.
"Because you didn't allow me to", I removed the papers from my bag and handed them to him.
He grabbed it as fast as he could like I was the criminal who was having an atom bomb. He examined the papers quietly for a while. I distracted my focus on him and started looking towards the window. I didn't feel like looking at him after his abusive behavior towards me. 
"Alright", he closed the papers and kept them in the documentary locker "Goodbye", I looked down and quickly closed the chain of my bag again.
"Miss Waters, this is my new phone", he removed one from the locker. It was the latest model of an iPhone.
"Congratulations, I guess", I thought he was showing off but why would he, this office could denote his richness.
"I'm in no urge for your happy wishes, Miss Waters ", he smirked.
I furrowed my brows out of confusion. I waited for him to continue. A moment later, he removed a telephone directory and propelled it towards my direction.
"Transfer all these old contacts one by one and word to word. I do not encourage bad spellings", he forcefully handed me the directory.
I only wanted an apology and I would've forgotten everything. Everything in this office had terms and conditions."I'm done with this Job already, I guess", I inhaled deep.
"That's my choice, Miss Waters. You're no one to take the decision. The points were clear in the clauses, right?" he rhetorically questioned again and continued "You're definitely getting the increment"
I nodded but didn't thank him because I deserved it and maybe it was his way for apologizing, I took over the new phone carefully along with the directory and marched towards my cabin. I placed them on my desk and called Gina to get information about today's happening in college.
"Hi there ", I greeted quite formally.
"What's wrong?" Gina interrogated. She could sense the silence behind my sadness.
"Long story"
"Tell me in bits and pieces ", Gina commanded.
I then narrated the whole story as fast as I could in one single breath. "Man-whore", Gina judged him nastily. 
"I didn't call you to backbite about him. Exams are near, what happened today?" I questioned.
"Nothing really exciting, we just sat for two lectures since you were absent. Francis got himself a new girl and Samuel accompanied me"
"I can sense the blush already!" I coughed dramatically.
"Mmhmm ", Gina cut my sentence into half.
"Okay, I'll catch you later ", I canceled the phone.
I compiled up all the mess on my table and placed the gigantic directory on my desk. I opened the first page and a part of me died already. There were like 20 contacts on each page. I quickly turned the book until the end and found out that there were 3000 names serial numbered systematically. It took me 2 minutes to enter each name carefully.
"Glad, you could make it" I heard a manly voice but I didn't look up as that way I could have lost synchronization with the work, which was now exhausting me.
"Yes! I'm sorry, I cannot attend you properly"
"Its okay baby girl", I knew it was James as he was the only one in this place who had sugar-coated words. I slightly looked up and there was a cup of coffee on my desk. James bought it, of course, the fact that he was sweet to me was enough to cause a disturbance in my mind.
"Thank you!" I smiled forcefully.
"Always a pleasure, want me to help?" he was sweet, I guess.
"How can you?" I immediately questioned back.
"I can read them aloud and you can create contacts without disturbing your beautiful neck", he smirked and then continued "it'll reduce half of your time "
"They're in thousands ", I tried being a pessimist.
"I can at least help you overcome hundreds ", he picked up a chair and shifted it besides me accompanying my chair. I wondered that he could've dictated me whilst sitting in front but he was James, he had to be touchy. He was good looking, no doubt. His dark brown eyes shined all the time but I couldn't afford to make eye contact because it could create a sensuous situation.
James dictated me the contacts very accurately, word to word. It reduced a lot of my time. I felt a touch on my forehead and then realized that James was carefully placing all the unwanted hair strands of mine behind my ears. His hands crawled slowly from my forehead till my ears. His seducing technique was impressive but it was not working on me.
"It's okay, I can do it myself ", I smiled dramatically distancing him carefully in a friendly way.
He continued doing it for an hour but distanced away on receiving an urgent call. He left that very moment. 
I liked him and I disliked him. The difference was I hated Mr. Reynolds. There was no such choice for him. It was already 9 pm and I completed 3/4th of the work so I decided to carry the directory to my house. Within a few minutes, I was home. Mom plated my dinner. I ate as fast I could and ran towards the bedroom because I wanted to get rid of the directory as soon as possible.
I then flipped the pages from where I had to continue.
###chapter 13
JASON WATERS 0921-4662728228

The name was clear enough for me to figure out that it was my father's. This number has been my password ever since. Though I was mad at him for leaving my mother I did love him. But the question which appeared in my mind was that how was his number in Mr. Reynolds's telephone directory? , with a red mark?
My mommy was a brave and intelligent woman. She had been through a lot in her life as life had never been very fair to her. She'd been challenged at every stage in her life since my sister and I took birth. She never really got the love she deserved from her life partner i.e. my father who never looked at her like all women wanted to be looked at by a man. Despite this, she carried a smile on her face which constantly enlightened the house in her presence. 
My father?, I don't blame him, as everyone has a basic right to choose upon their life partner in this modern world. He calls me up once in a while which is basically on my birthday. I'm not very 'connected' or acquainted with him.
There's one thing about him which turned me off in my thoughts, he left us all when I was 10 years old... He never looked back ever since, never inquired about mom's well-being, never supported us financially or emotionally despite having a handsome amount of wealth and time. It made me think that maybe my sister and I were some sorts of mistakes resulted from unprotected sex. But then we had a mom who was a huge blessing in our lives and who as well covered up for dad's part too. 
I had no guts to face Mr. Reynolds and ask him any question regarding this so it was going to be an unfolded mystery. Just mere coincidence, I tried diverting my mind but "what's up with the red mark", said the inner conflicting me.
I neglected the fact and continued doing the chores. I finished in a while. I checked the contacts. I carefully turned the phone off and then went to sleep with mixed thoughts and views.

***

Amanda's POV

I was doodling my signature on the last page of my history book. Well, it was the only thing that felt right to me because the history professor was a pure definition of "boredom". I sometimes wondered how in the world the fights which happened during the world wars were relevant to our day to day life. Like, I'm not going to throw a nuclear bomb at some other country. History was a complete piece of shit as according to me.
Then finally the bell rang and the lecture winded up. I hooked up with my best friends in our favorite place, the canteen, of course. Well, everything was good about this place. We could pour our hearts out to one another.
"You all wouldn't really believe what happened between me and Samuel last night ", Gina took a short sip of her coke.
"Says the virgin Mary", Francis stretched out the word virgin-a lot.
"Wait, did you lose it with him?" I questioned startled.
"Amanda ", Gina blushed stretching out the last word in my sentence.
"Oh, did you?" I questioned again, "And why the fuck, I don't have any idea regarding this topic?" I re-questioned again.
"It just happened Ammie, with the spur of the moment, we didn't plan on it", she side hugged me, "And I wanted to say this to you in person. I love you, you know right?"
I fake smiled as I was yet mad on her. "Treats on me ", Francis broke the short term silence."Speaks the millionaire", I sarcastically remarked.
"How is the hot boss? I saw his picture on the front page of the local newspaper and I couldn't take my eyes off him", Gina almost drooled.
"Says the taken girl", Francis teased.
Gina punched him slightly on his face and whispered "Our deep little secret", We both nodded like fools and then Francis started observing me for a while and then questioned, "Why are you not leaving his office when he is so annoying, I will talk to my father about your new job and trust me this is no kind of favor."
"Clause No 1 - In only the case of death, a contractee is detached from his/her duty", I made an air quotation and said with a melodious tone.
"What the hell, there may be some other way out", Gina interrogated, her brows furrowed
"Clause No 2 - Only on the permission of the contractor", I sighed and then continued "That's never going to happen"
"Then, make it happen ", Francis sounded evil whilst grinning.
"This is no Maybelline tag line France", I knew that there was no way out of this.
"Maybe you could force him to do it, annoy him to an extent so that he has no other choice", Francis started spilling out the beans of his evil plan.
"And France how can she annoy him", Gina interrupted, her expressions showed her level of curiosity.
"Let me explain that, you recently turned impure girl, don't try to break my focus ", Gina was frowning at his punch line but France didn't care and continued "So Ammie, what annoys him?"
Both of them started looking at me and I just said one word which summed up everything. That word was E-M-O-T-I-O-N-S
"So Mr. evil France, when he doesn't have any emotions, how can she play with it, by seducing him?" Gina had a 'whatever' expression and Francis's eyes widened.
"What a plan, Miss impure", Francis looked at Gina and then at me with an evil grin.
"Wha-at, I'm not doing that, what do you consider me, a local prostitute?" I raised my eyebrows totally dissatisfied with his plan.
"Then stay with the dictator and get tortured every fucking second', Francis pouted, he seemed irritated.
I didn't really intend to carry forward the plan but I could not deny the fact that he actually had a point."Why not, come on, it's like an adventure. You could take your revenge and plus you'll be bailed out of Reynolds's jail", Gina sounded like a complete bitch.
I shook my head "I don't want to play with someone's emotions", I sighed.
"You're seducing him so much that he gets annoyed and removes you from your position. It's simple, don't complicate it now ", Francis grabbed the extra fries from my hand and stuffed it in his mouth.
"B-but I-I don't know how to s-seduce him or anyone", I stammered.
"Like, I seduce every stranger who walks beside me", Gina offended sarcastically.
"Finally the impure one does justice to her new nickname ", Francis winked and Gina grabbed all the fries from his hand and emptied the plate on his head. Francis frowned and threw the leftover chips the same way, in the offence. I parted myself from our threesome and when people were looking at their fight. I made the I-don't-know-them expression.
Finally, they both settled up, I gathered my belongings and unseated myself. "I'll keep you updated with the seductive tips", Francis smirked, an evil grin surrounded his lips.
"Me too", Gina lined up her statement.
I laughed and left. I reached my destination before time, so I decided to sit in the lobby. I intended to make friends as the only person I was familiar here with were Mr. Reynolds, James aka man-flirt-whore, and the receptionist whom I regularly gave attendance regarding arrival and departure.
My eyes encountered a girl somewhere between the stairs and the canteen. She stood there still in a stiff position, so I decided to attack her for the friendship zone. She was wearing some sort of old fashioned skirt paired with a blouse. The nerds complimented her cute face. She just needed some grooming to look exotic..
"Hi there ", I went towards her and gestured for a shake with my right hand.
She shook it at once and replied "Hey, sorry I don't know you"
"Me neither, I'm Amanda Waters"
"Sonia Josephs, nice meeting you Amanda, she smiled looking at me.
"Mutual feelings", I smiled back.
"So what kind of work do you do here ", I questioned.
"I'm in the marketing department. Maintaining the books of accounts is basically my job", she furrowed her brows which definitely meant that it was my turn to answer her.
"I'm the personal secretary of Mr. Reynolds"
"Seriously? Take care!" she smirked.
"Why is that even shocking?, like I know he's one sort of a monster", I laughed.
"You just paired your answer with the question ", she laughed back.
"I'll see you soon then", I waved her goodbye, to which she reciprocated the same cheerfully. I looked at my watch and I knew that now was the time to hop in my cabin and start working my ass off.
I quickly checked my phone and I could see France's and Gina's messages wishing me good luck with my new mission. I was not ready yet but then I thought that what's wrong with it. I just had to annoy him, because a man like Aaron Reynolds could never fall for me, so it was only a win-win situation.
FRANCIS - Smile to whatever he says.
GINA - don't even think about arguing, okay?
My phone was popping up to innumerable messages. I knew that this plan could have consequences, either a good one or a bad one. My friends were throwing me into a pool in which I didn't know swimming.
"Can I come in sir?" I knocked at the door and peeped a bit. Mr. Reynolds was busy having coffee. After looking at him, I always wondered that why can't a guy like such, who is completely blessed with looks and money, date someone. He could literally buy the prettiest girl on this planet. Maybe he was missing out on a big part of his life, like which guy doesn't want love in his life.
"Sure Miss Waters, it's your father's office. You can come in whenever you want to", every word was decorated with sarcasm. He literally breathed sarcasm.
###chapter 14
"Sorry, Sir!"I apologized with a smile, just as Gina and France suggested. They believed that only sugar could cope up with the burns on the tongue due to chilly flakes. Their dialogues were lame yet hilarious. I secretly laughed in my mind whilst thinking about it. I tightened my lips so as to prevent myself from being showcased as an idiot.
"Here's your directory and phone sir, you can cross-check. All the contacts are precisely entered and are very accurate", I started walking towards him. My mind couldn't stop thinking about last night. I so wanted to ask him the question that why was my father's name marked with red while other contacts were just formally entered, but I just didn't have the courage to.
He stood straight from his chair and took tiny steps towards me. I stopped walking at that very moment. I was just saving myself from the collision.
"Give them to me, let me go through it", he grabbed the directory from my hand and the phone too after placing the directory on his desk.
SEDUCE HIM AMANDA, a voice came from my inner conscious but I just couldn't do it. I first needed to gather courage.
At least, question him about your father, I guess my subconscious was commanding way too much.
"Sir, can I ask you a question?" I finally gathered courage.
"Only if it's relevant enough", he smirked. The 'relevant' word was getting a lot on my nerves lately. It always reminded me of my first day
"How is my father's name in your directory?" I grabbed the directory and opened the last page. I pointed towards the name and propelled it towards his direction so that he could have a clear view of the name.
He took a brief view and replied "Confidential information cannot be linked"
"What? I'm no outsider to this company"
"Everyone except me is", he raised his right eyebrow, tore the page from the directory, crumbled it, and threw it towards the nearest bin.
"So this means that I'm not getting the answer ", I obviously felt bad.
"Fair point well made ", he smirked again
I hated his gut, I now knew that I didn't want to work in his company at all and I was definitely going to work over with Gina's and France's plan because this guy was emotionless and working with him was definitely not giving me any sort of mental peace.
I chained up my bag and started walking towards the exit. I turned around and smiled cheerfully after looking at him. I was pretty sure that he was quite confused with the smile as his expressions denoted everything.
I couldn't stop but grin at the fact that Mr. Reynolds was already annoyed, like at least a bit, and I was 0.001 % successful in my mission. I informed Gina and France quickly about it. Rather than patting my back on my little victory, they replied, "Don't be happy with the basics"
I had to think about another excuse, so as to make my entry possible in his cabin again, so as to irritate him.
I completed eating my lunch meal as soon as possible and grabbed out a file from the pending work-slot, marked some lines with a marker, and made myself a bit presentable before entering his cabin again.
"Can I come in Sir ", I knocked. I just hated asking him permission every time I wanted to enter. It felt like walking towards the path of being insulted again.
"Twice for a day, Miss Waters ", my existence definitely affected him.
I walked towards him slowly with a smile and carefully placed the file on his palms till he got a grip of it. I made sure he could feel my touch so I slowly and seductively separated my hands from his. The file was obviously a big hurdle.
Mr. Reynolds had an expression which could be easily figured out. It went like WHAT-THE-FUCK-IS-THIS-GIRL-DOING
"I'm guessing you're here for an afternoon walk so that you don't get a tummy tuck after eating more than required ", Mr. Reynolds made a sarcastic comment. My closeness with his body was bothering him and was rejoicing me from within but a part of me was yet scared.
"No I am here for these contractual papers, I had to write letters to shareholders regarding it as decided in the annual general meeting but I couldn't understand these lines so I decided to grasp all the necessary information and knowledge from you", I paused for the time being and grabbed those papers, opened the page in which everything was marked, and came intimately close to Mr. Reynolds, our cheeks almost touched. I looked in his eyes and continued the statement "For a brief conversation"
He was really bad at making eye contact or maybe his focus rested on my lips. After every 2 seconds, his eyes traveled towards it, Francis once said that "when a guy wants to kiss you passionately, he cannot stop adoring at your lips".
"I'll explain to you", he departed himself and made the 'inch' gap from 1 to 10 real quick. He was trying to refocus very hard. "Why don't you sit on the chair Miss Waters ", he signaled me towards the chair.
"Sir, that'll create trouble for us to look at the papers together", I glided the vacant chair besides Mr. Reynolds's chair. No matter how much he tried to detach himself from me, but his tricks failed to work, every time. The game was totally on my favor today.
"This line", I pointed towards the line, pushing my body towards the file. During this process, my arms touched his arms and I could feel his good build body, it was hard and perfect. He pushed himself a bit away and I pushed myself closer to him again.
"Okay give me a moment", he replied while reading those marked lines carefully. I stared at his face which was beyond perfection. The sunlight fell on his eyes and it shined bright. This time, I was the one who was distracted.
"This is just simple English, Miss Waters ", he faced towards, maintained some distance as he cleared his throat.
"But, it's quite technical for me to understand", I looked straight in his eyes and not once broke the connection. The only question which took birth in my head was, am I turning into a local whore. But, then my inner self had a satisfying answer that, everything is okay in love and war and this was war.
Mr. Reynolds looked towards the paper and read the line out loud "Shareholders are entitled to a dividend only on their share capital invested by them wholly and not on the bonus shares unless they're issued before 12 months" he looked towards me and explained "This is a simple concept Miss Waters, the dividend is to be provided only on the share capital invested by them initially"
I nodded and acted like I understood the whole concept when in reality I knew it too. My acting skills were improving since I joined this place. Maybe, after getting removed from this place, I could be some leading female protagonist.
I grabbed those papers again. Accidentally, my hand slipped by mistake and all the papers got scattered on the floor, this was not a part of the plan and I was annoyed because I had to go running around after every corner of this cabin to pick up those papers.
I quickly stood up and ran towards the papers. I took those papers and filed it carefully and then when I looked at Mr. Reynolds, I saw him observing me, maybe he was laughing at me from inside but trying hard to control or maybe he was just frustrated with my clumsy behavior because every day I did something or the other for which he had to pay for.
"I'm assuming you understood everything that I explained Miss Waters" Mr. Reynolds questioned while working on his laptop.
"Yes! Thanks a lot! ", I tried appreciating.
I walked towards the main door with the files in my hand and then I heard "Miss Waters" again, I turned back and saw the devil's evilest face with a smirk.
"Wh-what sir ", I stammered.
"Next time come with a better excuse Miss Waters"
I pretended that I didn't understand anything so I questioned again "I did not understand sir, pardon me?"
"I've read your CV. You've done a course on the Share market. It's impossible for you to deny that you didn't understand that simple line", he raised his brows and continued "Your grades are appreciable and so are your acting skills"
"I was really facing minor problems for understanding that concept", I defended myself.
"I'm not expecting any answers regarding any explanation about what made you lie, but next time stay careful as I am me and you are you", he started looking at his laptop again.
"You may leave now", he stopped while doing his work and signaled me whilst pointing his fingers towards the exit. I hated his arrogance plus his inhuman nature raged my blood.
###chapter 15
Amanda's POV

"What the fuck is wrong with you Samarrah", I shouted at my younger sister. She was home after a long time but her presence didn't make us happy, in fact, paved way for depression to the Waters Family which included me and my mother. My father was not even interested to know our well-being.
"Stop interfering in my life", Samarrah threshed my words into half and turned facing mom. Well, she was acting like a complete bitch which annoyed me even more.
"Sam, she's your elder sister. I guess you've forgotten all your ", Mom tried controlling her which was much needed.
"Yes, of course, she has forgotten her basic ethics", I just wanted her to tell me about the missing puzzle in the jigsaw. 
"Fuck off ", she raised her eyebrows in an evil manner and continued "You should be more interested in your life rather than mine. I'm not even interested in looking at your face"
Her words were pricking me straight in my heart because this was not something my younger sister was awhile back. It was really obvious that mom was hurt too. She had to act mature and thus she was doing justice to her responsibilities as a mother.
Mom brought a glass of chilled soda for Samarrah, told her to calm down for a while. I stood behind her back with folded hands. I watched her take some sips of the soda peacefully. "Who is the father of your illegal child?" I interrogated in a friendly tone.
"As I said earlier, I don't want to have a deep conversation about this, so don't annoy me for God's sake", Sam acted like she didn't care at all.
"Baby, you need to share with us everything that's going on in your life, okay? Take your time", mom caressed her and continued "But first, we need to abort your child"
Yes, my 18-year-old sister was pregnant and was not even ready to tell us about the one who was responsible for it. Maybe she was hurt or maybe raped. I had to know everything because I couldn't help without knowing the correct detailed information.
Samarrah didn't care at all. She marched towards her room thumping her feet in annoyance. I followed her footsteps but was stopped by mom. She wanted Samarrah to calm down first. I was against her ideology though. The sooner we knew, the more we could help.
She left her hand purse on the couch. I observed it carefully and finally decided to investigate it, if only I could find some clue. "Don't do this Ammie, it's a bad habit"
"It's a necessity", I replied instinctively while opening the chain. There was a little amount of money along with a small paper note which read J, just the initial alphabet. Maybe, it denoted the initial of the father of Sam's baby. I quickly placed the chit in the same position as it was earlier and took that to Samarrah's room to make up for my behavior as I felt guilty.
I took her wallet and went upstairs towards her room which was beside me. I missed her absence when she was away. Memories of the past drifted in my mind, in which I haunted her when she was asleep. I still remember our endless laughter at that moment. I didn't know what changed things, I just wanted her to stay normal, was it too much to ask for?
I slightly opened her room's door and first peeped to know what exactly she was doing and then knocked slowly and entered. "Here's your wallet, you left it at the couch", I positioned the wallet towards her direction and sat next to her. No one among us spoke, silence concealed the atmosphere.
"Why are you here Ammie?" Samarrah questioned while correcting her bedsheets properly, they were in a great amount of mess.
"Just for a sibling talk", I side hugged her "Nothing personal", I made an air quotation.
"Glad to hear that after being judged for an hour ", she smiled at last.
"Everything will be fine, okay?" I rubbed her sidearm comforting her.
"Let's just hope", Sam smiled forcefully.
"Oh! You must have been tired, you should sleep for a while", I acted dominant of course, but she was my younger sister and I had all the rights.
"yea, I was thinking about it and then you popped out of nowhere ", she intended to push me out of her room with harsh words.
"Okay", I smiled cheerfully, kissed her forehead, and left. I may have overreacted a bit but it was just the spur of the moment. She either didn't know about the baby or was specifically hiding that person's name.
I had to find out the truth but first I need to figure out "how?" I bunked college that day as the morning gave some chilly surprises already. I have been bunking college a lot lately. I just hoped that it didn't affect my academic results for that year.
I dressed up as fast as I could and rushed towards the office but first I took a quick shower. I always tend to take hot water baths when I was confused or puzzled or maybe just out of the path. It always comforted me, all my pains drifted along with the water which traveled across my body. Everyone has different stress busters right? Francis eats a lot and Gina just doesn't leave the bed.
I decided to keep the whole pregnancy thing of my sister a secret as it would disrupt her public as well as private image in the minds of people. I thought of keeping quiet for a while and hiding it from Gina and Francis but certainly, they could help me reveal the missing part of the jigsaw so I decided to talk with them about it.
I quickly took a taxi as I couldn't afford to wait any longer for the public bus. It sucked sometimes, though they were pocket friendly and economical.
I reached the office within half an hour. I quickly took the elevator and rushed towards my cabin. No, I didn't greet Mr. Reynolds as I was in no mood for it. I took my place, settled myself for 10 minutes, and took a peaceful sip of water.
On hearing a continuous siren at my cabin, I rushed towards his cabin. The siren was an effect of the bell Mr. Reynolds rang whenever he required my presence.
"Yes, sir ", I didn't ask permission and just marched in his cabin. James was right there smiling whilst looking at me.
"Manners, Miss Waters ", Mr. Reynolds started pointing out the nooks in me.
"I'm sorry ", I apologized
"Now go back and come again after taking genuine permission", Mr. Reynolds looked towards the door and smirked. I hated his arrogance but God Damn I had no way out of here. I was no longer interested in the seduction game after knowing the bad kind of good news from Samarrah.
I turned back towards the main door of his cabin, forcefully smiled, and asked: "Can I come in now sir?"
"Surely", Mr. Reynolds answered quite formally. He didn't even laugh after insulting me. His actions and words were the reason I wanted to stab him several times in his chest.
"Yes Sir, why is my presence required?" I questioned quite formally.
"Get ready Miss Waters, we are going for a business meeting on the outskirts of this city", he ordered me like I was one type of a slave he purchased from some local market.
"Okay, when do we have to leave?" I questioned again.
"Probably in 10 minutes", James answered with a grim face.
"Okay!" I felt like I was some kind of Hazel Grace saying innumerable okay.
"See you guys at the party there, I have some important work here. After finishing some leftover work, I'll join you guys there", James talked while running his hands through his hair making it a mess. He always played with his hair. Like, excuse me, James, it's a girly move.
"What kind of work do you have? And since did you start taking interest in doing work?" Mr. Reynolds smiled whilst looking at James. They had this brother-from-another-mother kind of connection. I felt like a third wheel in between their friendship.
"I will tell you later but for now I have to rush", James grabbed his coat and rushed outside the cabin.
"So let's go, Miss Waters. You are highly warned before you create any scene there", this was becoming our little tradition as whenever we had to go somewhere, I was warned before, but the more I tried to control, the more my actions turned out to be clumsy.
"Yes, after you ", I signaled him to walk before me.
"Take all those files and my laptop bag, don't forget any of it and freshen up if you want because it's a long journey ", and the boss was ordering her personal maid aka the secretary again.
"Okay!" I myself was annoyed with the innumerable okays I used in a day. I took a deep view of myself in the mirror and tied up my hairs into a high ponytail, straightened up my knee-length shift dress, took all of the belongings of Mr. Reynolds in both of my hands which were fully consumed because of it.
I texted a short message to Mom mentioning her to stay calm if I came home late. I sighed after receiving a text back from her.
After keeping all the files and the laptop's bag carefully at the back seat of Mr. Reynolds's car, I settled myself comfortably in his highly imported and expensive car.
To my surprise, Mr. Reynolds sat next to me and a driver was appointed to drive us to someplace I had no idea about. But then, I remembered that owners of the car never sit next to their drivers, one stupid concept of this society, so whatever he did was fair enough.
"Drive towards Pallapora town", he signaled the driver while looking at the time in his watch. The town's name was somewhat similar to me, I just didn't remember so I focused hard and then realized that it was the very place where Samarrah was. Maybe, I could do a little digging there.
Heading towards Pallapora town was the only decision of Mr. Reynolds that made me happy but the fact that I had to sit there all the time with him was threatening me. He had this devil kind of image in my mind.
"Keep those files and laptop on the passenger seat ", this time it was the driver who had to obey the command of the king. He quickly opened my side of the door and took all those stuff from my hand and placed them on the passenger seat next to him.
###chapter 16
Mr. Reynolds was busy doing something on his phone, I quickly took a short glance of him, but dang it, he saw me, he caught my eyesight. The situation turned so awkward for me that I directly started looking towards the window. My life was a complete "The awkward moment" type of book.
The driver started the car and smoothened himself on the seat with the seat belt. It was such a quiet type of ride and boring indeed. All I could do was peep outside the window, look at the utmost hot guy whom I almost kissed at a party, and who didn't seem to care at all about it. Well, why would he? I neither matched his status nor expectations. 
Suddenly, I remembered the plan which involved seducing him, I could do a lot in this car which could make this day as the last but I needed money for my family and never wanted to do something so childish intentionally, though Francis guaranteed me a satisfying job.
"Drive faster, we're already running late ", Mr. Reynolds looked towards the driver and patted his back motivating him to drive fast
"We're already riding at the fasted speed?" I interrupted them and continued "More speed can lead to heart failure", for me this statement was hilarious but they didn't even react. Mr. Reynolds looked at me with cornered eyes and gave a sarcastic angry type of look and started typing something on his laptop again.
The driver was not even stopping at speed breakers because of which I could not control with the hipping and hopping and sometimes getting pulled away towards Mr. Reynolds, I did control a lot because every time his body felt my touch, he looked at me like I hadn't bathed ever since.
Within 4 hours we were there in Pallapora town. It was an amazing town, people here had broad smiles plastered on their faces. They all looked so cute.
"Welcome to this town, sir ", A woman in her mid-thirties welcomed Mr. Reynolds with a flower bouquet.
"Pleasure", was the only word he said after receiving the warm welcome.
"Nice meeting you Miss", she gestured her hand towards me, I shook it warmly.
"You too", I smiled back.
"Sir, we have arranged a small party for you, we will be honored if you could gift us your presence", she said with a broad smile.
"Yes, why not ", Mr. Reynolds tightened his tie and replied in a very formal yet stubborn way.
We then followed the woman and she took us to a conference hall room in a big building, which was nicely and elegantly decorated with white orchids as for welcoming Mr. Aaron Reynolds. I wondered why was he treated like one big celebrity at this place but I was certainly enjoying the attention I was getting because of him.
The hall room was massive and had a big round table surrounded with wooden chairs and a projector screen in the middle. Mr. Reynolds directed me to pass his laptop which was placed in my hand. I did everything as per his instructions.
Mr. Reynolds positioned himself in the middle and logged into his laptop which was connected with a wire to the projector. "So, let's start with today's meeting", he rubbed his hands.
"I guess I didn't miss much", James entered breathing heavily. It couldn't be doubted that he had been running this whole time.
"Not much sir ", the woman which gave us directions told him with a sweet smile and asked him water.
James sat next to me. After James settled himself, we redirected our attention towards Mr. Reynolds again. "So as we all know we have gathered here for the redevelopment of this town" he opened the first slide of his power-point presentation.
"Here is the plan constructed by my highly skilled engineers", the slide explained a lot about the overall map of the town. It showed a comparison between the older one and a revised new version of it.
Some people were already impressed by his plan as it could be felt with their facial expressions. "This is a brief detailing about the number of schools, colleges, and malls we are going to create in this place", he explained while moving towards the next slide.
He kept explaining the redevelopment plan, and to be honest, the slides which he had prepared were very interesting and catchy. Anyone would love to have him take the project as his professionalism and perfection were well-known and he had an amazing public reputation and goodwill.
The meeting continued for an hour and then he concluded "Nothing comes without any terms and conditions"
Everyone present at the meeting was puzzled but I wasn't. I knew that nothing ever came easy with this man. The mayor of the town stood from his position and questioned inquiring about the terms and conditions.
My Reynolds smirked in an evil manner and I knew that something bad was coming. "I want this town to be renamed"
All had this "o" kind of expression formed from their lips. I knew that this self-obsessed stubborn animal wanted this town to be named after him so that people could never forget his greatness.
"Yes, we'd love to, but we need to know the name first", Mayor comforted himself on his seat and somehow looked okay with the changing of the town's name.
"Emily Olivia ", he closed the laptop and looked towards the Mayor and continued "My mother's full name"
I was completely flattered by the fact that he was doing something for someone who was not him. He was actually getting out of the self-centered zone, well at least in front of me, for the first time. This was a completely another side of him which I had never imagined of seeing. My heart almost melted towards the loving gesture of him for his mother.
"Yes, we agree to it but we have a condition too", the mayor thought for a while and responded
"State the obvious", Mr. Reynolds instinctively replied.
"You have to attend the small party which will be held for your honor and live the night as per our tradition, precisely the dressing, food and the atmosphere. We want you to experience everything so that a part of our culture still has some amount of value left after redevelopment"
"Of course ", Mr. Reynolds loosened up his tie.
"Sir, I will show you and the staff members their rooms to freshen up for the party tonight", the pleasant woman guided us to our rooms which were in a row. The best one was given to our boss, no complaints and the other remaining ones were given to us.
I freshened up, laid on the fluffy bed. Did I mention that it was a luxurious suite which had all the exotic facilities anyone would ever need? I rested for a while. On hearing a knock at the door, I quickly ran towards it. There was some lady who had a box in her hand.
"Yeah, come in ", I paved way for her to get in.
"Ma'am this is our traditional dress for you", I took the cutely wrapped box in my hand and unwrapped. On my deep observation of the dress, I realized that it had a blouse that was woven with the finest wool and had colorful flowers everywhere. Beneath was a full-length skirt which was very neatly embroidered and was of georgette material. The combination of wool with georgette was something I had never imagined but it looked flawless. Well, that's what makes traditions special and unique.
I closed the door when the woman left and comforted myself on the bed again. I was lazy and the best part was I knew it. Within a minute, I heard another knock on the door. I went towards the door after hopping out of the bed again.
"Ma'am these are some snacks, in case you feel hungry", the same woman bought a tray full of delicious food. I kept it on the table and waved her goodbye.
Then after 10 minutes, someone knocked again. I was frustrated because the people here definitely didn't want me to make out with the bed. I quickly went and opened the door again. The same lady stood there smiling cheerfully at me. I smiled at her back.
"Here is some traditional jewelry for you to pair with the costume", I took that from her hand and placed it on the bed.
I heard another knock on the door, this time I was combing my hair so it took me a while to open it. I purposely opened the door late. There was this same lady behind the door. I guess, she was secretly in love with me.
"Come on time, don't be late", was all she said.
"Of course, I'm keeping the door open. Come whenever you feel like", I smiled dramatically and just closed the door without locking it.
I quickly wore the skirt first and looked at myself in the mirror. Well, I looked hot in my black inner-wear. My bra had black stripes behind it so I just turned myself against the mirror and observed myself. "I look so hot ", I told myself while facing towards the mirror again. Well, I guess every girl has done this at least once in her life.
I heard the knock again, this time I was smart enough to let the door open. I shouted "Come in"
To my surprise, it was not that lady. In fact, it was not any lady. Mr. Reynolds didn't look or peeped in the room but instead came in the room directly. When he came closer and made eye contact I was shocked. My eyes widened out of embarrassment. I quickly covered myself with my hands, though I knew it was irrelevant. I couldn't help but expose some part of my skin, precisely, the intimate one.
"Care to ask, before entering a girl's room?" I screamed on top of my lungs.
"You were the one who wanted me to come in. Maybe, you wanted me to look at the bolder version of you", he paused whilst eyeing me from the eye to toe and continued "I did ask your permission", he smirked.
"I thought it was that lady, oh my God. My fault! ", I facepalmed because of embarrassment.
He raised his brows and examined me, specifically at the place which lacked clothing. It could be figured out from his eyeballs. "Don't make the situation chaotic for yourself, I've seen you in less clothing before"
"Okay" I shivered while I talked. It was the first time someone saw me like that. I couldn't talk. I just didn't want him to think about me as a cunt, though a day back I acted like one. When I wanted sensuous things to happen, they weren't, and now when I don't want anything intimidating to happen, things actually happened. Destiny plays, we're just the puppets to its show.
"I'll talk to you after you are fully dressed", Mr. Reynolds passed me the blouse and turned around, though it didn't make sense at all. He already had a view of the inner me. He knew I was embarrassed and he respected it.
I quickly grabbed it from his hand and wore the blouse as fast as I could. Too many thoughts clicked in my mind like, What if he thinks I'm a cunt or a local-whore or just some hoe who wants to attract men by keeping their door open whilst changing their dresses.
"Ready ", he turned around towards me and looked at me again "So what made you pay me a visit?" I questioned diverting his focus from me.
"Well, I just wanted you to behave, that's what I came to tell you. I have this deal now, but since creating chaos in parties is your special talent, I decided to pre-warn you." Mr. Reynolds twisted his hat and looked very serious. This was the second time for the day when he was warning me. I was so embarrassed before, that I hardly noticed him. He was wearing a cowboy hat with a half brown coat within which was a puffed sleeved white shirt. He looked like a cowboy, a hot one.
"Yes, I promise", I was the one who was in need to divert my mind and keep a harder control on my eyes.
###chapter 17
Amanda'S POV

I completed my look by tying a bun out of my hair. I had a thing for knotted hair. They looked so stylish yet elegant. There was a cute flower diamond-studded broach amongst the jewelry provided to me by these kind people, it added sparks when I positioned it in the middle.
I couldn't stop thinking about Samarrah, I knew that this place could provide me with clues and turn out to be a great help, but I also needed to be very careful, because I could lose this job if I created any chaos, and I had been warned twice. This time, I wanted to prove Mr. Reynolds wrong.
On the thoughts of Mr. Reynolds, my cheeks turned a light shade of red. I was yet embarrassed by the fact of him having seen the semi-naked side of me. It took me a while to gather all the courage. I locked up my purse and left it in the room along with my phone. I stepped out of the luxury suite and greeted a few ladies.
I stopped for a while after looking at James. The traditional dress suited him quite well. I waited for him in the hallway because walking with someone I knew was way more comforting than walking with someone I had no idea about. 
"Can I, beautiful ", he offered me his hand to walk past the party's entrance. 
"Of course ", I curled my hands around his arms on being completely overwhelmed by his pleasing gesture. Maybe, he wasn't that bad of a person, I was highly disappointed by my judgmental skills.
James increased his proximity whilst walking, our arms touched each other. We didn't talk much, silence concealed the atmosphere.
"You look drop-dead gorgeous ", he finally whispered in my ears after doing a lot of thinking. It could be felt from his face that walking with me made him nervous. This was kind of cute, though.
"Thank you mister ", I could've reciprocated the sentence but I didn't want to sound desperate, so I controlled and smiled the cutest one I could.
We sauntered towards the ballroom, I encountered people who dressed the same way I did, the color differed of course, but it had the same concept for every woman and likewise for men. Mr. Reynolds was interacting with an old lady in the same angry-young-man tone. I decided to stay as far as possible from him as together, we had a fatal combination.
I overheard two of the women at the party as they were right behind me. Their talks included "Mr. CEO is so hot" and the other one interrupted her at once with the word "mine". The first one angrily snatched the second one's drink and left her alone.
Their chats were hilarious. These aunties were fighting for a violating animal. But no one could ever deny the fact that Mr. Reynolds had those 'Greek God ' looks that no girl could ever deny. He could be rated number one amongst the people present in the party without any doubt. I, many times controlled myself to get drifted away with his looks, but his arrogant behavior helped me to distance myself from him.
I took glimpses of Mr. Reynolds with cornered eyes secretly so that he didn't catch me looking at him. I was a bit jealous of the attention he was getting from all the people, but he sure deserved it. No matter how much I disliked him, but I had to appreciate his hard work. He had strived and accomplished so much in his life, numerically expanding his father's business demographically from 10 to 100.
James stood there giving company to Mr. Richie Rich. Ease and comfort could be felt on his face whenever he interacted with James. They would've been real old friends, I could figure that out from their way of talking with each other and also with their body language, but they both were like two sides of a coin. 
"Can I at least ask you for a dance", a man in his mid 20's asked me for a dance like a complete gentleman.
"I'd be pleased", I replied in the same tone and went towards the dance floor.
"What's your good name?" he questioned me.
"Amanda Waters ", I replied.
"I'm Joseph Henry", he answered without a favorable question.
He rested his hands on my back. I curled my hands around his neck, whilst staying careful with the distance so that it looked decent and I felt right.
We danced for approximately five minutes and then I heard "Can I borrow her, gentleman", Mr. Reynolds tried side parting Joseph in a friendly manner, yet his pull was full of aggression.
"Of Course , she's all yours", Joseph handled my hand on Mr. Reynolds's hand, just like how a father places his daughter's hand intertwining with the groom's.
"Stop getting intimate at this party ", Mr. Reynolds turned me around while dancing, but first assured himself that Joseph was completely out of his sight.
"It was just a dance ", I tried offending "He was the one who asked me for the dance anyways, I feel this is such an irrelevant topic to fight upon"
"And then you decided to do justice to the word 'whore' "
"What the fuck, are you labeling me a whore?" I questioned disheartened while curling my hands around his back. I had to do it no matter how much I didn't want to, we were yet on the dance floor.
"You were the one who encouraged me to ", He caught my right hand with his left, way too tight and aggressively, turned me around and whispered in my ears "Don't you understand, he asked you for a dance to get access to some confidential information of our business", Mr. Reynolds was a big-time pessimist.
"I really thought it was a genuine one", I defended myself. 
"This attitude of yours could result in great losses, Miss Waters ", he pulled me close in a harsh manner. I could feel his rough manly hands on my back. It was hurting me but I continued dancing anyways. They say that eventually, things turn out to be okay, well in my case our start was a forlorn one in which things got worse was constant.
"I apologize ", I could feel his breath. Our nose collided while we danced and my cheeks kind of turned red.
"Better be ", he moved his hands from my waist to my neck. Flashbacks filled with memories were bouncing in my head. How we danced together at Mr. Linley's anniversary party. How we acted like husband and wife. The thought of us kissing each other always created chaos in my stomach. 
We continued with the dance. The Mayor took over the stage, cleared his throat, and called the attention of all the people. 
"So we all have gathered here in the honor of a living legend ", he pointed towards Mr. Reynolds, everyone started looking at us, and I could feel the limelight. Some people even mistook me as Mr. Reynolds's love interest to which I could only laugh secretly in my head.
Mr. Reynolds raised his brows, took footage whilst tightening his tie. He turned his eyesight around to catch up with people gazes towards him. He was totally enjoying it, who wouldn't?
"So here's a toss for him", the mayor removed the cap of the champagne after tossing it in the air. Everyone raised their glasses in the air and shouted "to Mr. Aaron Reynolds", before drinking it. I had to do it too no matter how much I didn't want to.
"Here's a small token of appreciation for you, sir ", the mayor cleared his throat and came towards us with a really cute and gigantic flower bouquet. It was the biggest one I had seen to date. It had all kinds of flowers in it, it was like a flower garden having a small amount of every kind of flowers in it.
"Thank you, much-appreciated love", Mr. Reynolds took the bouquet in his hands with a calm and pleasant look. No, he didn't smile. He never smiled, so people near him never expected him to smile too.
He caught the beautiful flower bouquet for the shutterbugs for a while and then transferred them to me. Of course, I had to catch it, as it was my responsibility as a personal secretary. It took all ounce of my strength to catch the bouquet. I was struggling with its heavyweight but I didn't show it on my face as I was warned to stay decent at the party. 
I went towards the nearest table to place the bouquet. I then caught sight of James, so I stopped. I was starting to enjoy his company, so I waited for him to come along and accompany me.
He dragged me by my hand away from the party. I went along, but it was actually difficult to catch up with his long manly steps. 
"So where are we heading?" I stopped a bit and tried to overcome him.
"I'm trying to kidnap you with your will", he laughed and I laughed too. I followed his steps whilst ascending the stairs.
"No, it's snatching against my will", I contradicted his statement and tried my best to sound hilarious.
"So still walking with me huh?" he rhetorically questioned.
"So, on a serious note where are we going?" I questioned again. 
"Someplace you have no idea about", he pulled me closer towards him and removed the handkerchief from his pocket.
"What are you up to?" I questioned again.
He used the handkerchief for tying it around my eyes and whispered in my ears "trying to make it look like a professional kidnap"
I laughed and punched him playfully frontwards as I was unaware of the sight. Everything was dark ahead in front of me "So it's a surprise eh ", I cleared my throat.
"Can take it as one ", he caught me by arms and walked scrupulously.
###chapter 18
I tried matching his steps so that I didn't get hurt by the walls as everything was black and dark for me. Suddenly, when we were done climbing the stairs, he grasped me by my back. "Stay still", he whispered.
I nodded and did everything as instructed by him. I was threatened by Mr. Reynolds's warning, my mind always revolved around him, even when I didn't want his thoughts to strike. Maybe, he was controlling my mind, or maybe I was just carried away to his thoughts.
James unfolded the handkerchief from my eyes. I rubbed my eyes before opening it as the cloth had some kind of grip that darkened my sight for a while. It took not more than 10 seconds for everything to turn normal. I turned around and realized that we were on the terrace of this building. It was surrounded by darkness.
"So we are here to see the darkness ", I raised my brows arrogantly just like Mr. Reynolds did and turned towards James.
"No, baby girl", he positioned my head towards the sky and it was the most exotic view I had ever seen in my life. The stars shined bright and twinkled around the moon. It felt that it was controlled by someone who had the power to shut them off and turn them on. The view was breathtaking, in our busy life we forget to feel the nature and appreciate how beautiful it actually is.
"This is the most beautiful thing ever", I interrupted the silence.
"Not really", he disagreed with my statement. I had a puzzled expression on my face, he felt it so he continued "You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen", he pecked me on my cheeks.
I smiled a bit but didn't blush because I didn't felt anything for him but the moment he created for me was overwhelming enough to melt me down. He intertwined his fingers with me. We just kept silent for a while and observed the stars.
Suddenly, he pushed me closer to him from my back, I got pulled away, because I had less strength comparatively than him, but I knew that he wouldn't do anything wrong. He looked at me straight in my eyes. I tried looking in his eyes but kept diverting my focus because it was creating a sensuous moment for both of us.
He positioned my face towards him through my chin through his thumb and pointer finger."James ", I immediately responded to him."Shush ", he placed his finger on my lips and pulled me closer, my body touched his and the situation turned intimate. He kept traveling his hands from my waist to my butt. 
"Always live upon the moments ", was Francis's famous line which echoed in my head so I didn't push him away. I just stayed still and didn't try moving much.
James looked at my lips and within few moments pounced on it. I couldn't synchronize much as I didn't feel the comfort but I sure tried kissing him back. He slowly and gently sucked up my lower lip and then turned towards the upper one. I caught him tightly from his neck and eventually started messing with the back portion of his hair.
He moved his hands from my shoulders and got a grip of the blouse I was wearing, he tried to pull it out but it sort of uncomforted me so I pushed him away so hard that he was about to fall on the ground.
"I'm sorry", I tried to make up for my childish behavior.
"It's okay ", his face denoted his disappointment.
"I'm really sorry but I guess I cannot do this", I looked away from him and started walking towards the party again.
"Hey-hey-hey baby girl, it is okay!" he tried comforting me.
We both left the awesome view and marched towards the party again. I looked at him and blushed a bit. I wanted to text Gina and Francis but I had left my phone in the room so I couldn't. James intertwined his fingers with mine giving it a romantic and cute look. Our kiss was continuously playing in my head.
"Where were you, both of you? we are leaving within an hour", Mr. Reynolds came towards us when we finally reached the party hall. He had a glass of beer in his hand. He observed me from top to bottom, maybe he had figured out things from my condition. My hair had turned messy, so I tried parting up the strands behind my ears.
"Mr. Reynolds ", a voice called him from behind so he turned away and went towards the person who was calling him.
An old man came towards us and hugged James, he hugged him back. "It's been a long time, my son ", he caressed his back
"Just few months Uncle Henry!" he parted away. They looked quite familiar with each other.
The old man coughed continuously and when he felt comfortable, he asked"isn't that girl with you now? What was her name "he thought for a while and continued "Samarrah, such a sweet girl"
I was completely shocked as now everything made sense to me. The letter 'J' now made sense. He was such a man-whore. I felt like stabbing him innumerable times in his chest but I controlled. I acted like I didn't know anything about Samarrah because if I reacted it would be impossible for me to spill out the beans. Yeah, our last names were the same but there are a lot many people who have the same last name.
"We broke up ", he looked towards me, sighed, and continued talking with the old man.
"So, how are you?" James cut the topic and very cleverly started talking about something else. I side cornered myself from them as the presence of James around me was exhausting.
I went towards Mr. Reynolds and stood next to him. My mind was constantly revolving around too many topics and things that went wrong tonight. I wish I didn't kiss him back and pushed him the moment he came close to me. I wanted to commit suicide because everything just felt so wrong. I kissed a man who had made my sister pregnant and left her halfway. I hated James so much, every ounce of my feelings which started developing for him were shattered.
"I hate myself and my idiotic nature ", I murmured under my breath.
"Did you say something Miss Waters?" he questioned me and my eyes started to turn watery. I looked at him and escaped by gaze away from him, turned around, and replied "nothing.
"You, Okay ?" he turned me around. He wasn't that bad of a person, he may have been a bit aggressive and bossy but he was never a man-whore.
I couldn't answer him, I just hugged him. I didn't know that whatever I was doing was right or wrong but I couldn't think about anything else at that moment. He didn't hug me back. I didn't expect him to do it either. His chest felt like home, I let go of him slowly. 
"I'm sorry ", I apologized with my head down in shame.
"Come, let's go ", he ordered me to leave this place along with him before the actual time."Stay here for a while ", he ordered me again so I took a halt, till that moment he went towards the mayor and greeted him goodbye, I took my belongings from the room after he did the same.
We waited for the driver but when Mr. Reynolds contacted him, he said that it'll take him approximately 30 minutes to be there. We waited for a while outside the car but Mr. Reynolds decided to drive the car by himself.
"Leaving so soon ", a voice came towards us and when I turned around I got angrier, as it was James, but I acted normal and formal.
"Yes", Mr. Reynolds answered.
"Why don't you come with me Amanda?" he looked towards me. I didn't know how to answer his question so I kept quiet for some seconds.
"She's going with me", Mr. Reynolds told James his final decision. I was so thankful to this man. I acted like I hated him, but no. I didn't, because, at the end of the day, I always had misconceptions against him. He always confused me.
I took the passenger seat and comforted myself with the seat belt."Come with the driver and don't drink too much", Mr. Reynolds instructed James to which he replied "Of course bro" and hugged him warmly. James was a creepy pervert, I now realized, and he had to pay for whatever he had done to my sister.
I was not going to leave him so easily but I needed evidence to prove that to Mr. Reynolds. I closed my eyes whilst settling my head on the passenger seat. 
When I felt a shake on my shoulder, I opened my eyes and realized that it was Mr. Reynolds. It felt like a dream, "Let me sleeeeeeeeeeeeep", I said in a low tone exaggerating the word e.
"On your bed, in your house", he shook me again and continued "not in my car". I pinched myself to confirm that I wasn't dreaming and soon realized it. Mr. Reynolds opened the car door as he made way for me to exit it.
"Thank you", I said in a sleepy drunk tone and walked crookedly towards the front door of my house.
###chapter 19
Amanda's POV

"Mom, you need to keep the fact that ' we know the father of Sam's baby ' as a secret ", I said while making an air quotation with my fingers."A real secret", I exaggerated the word secret.
"But Ammie, I guess we should tell her ", Mom took a sip of her coffee while we sat and discussed real important issues rather than gossiping about our relatives, like a normal daughter and mother, usually do.
"No, N + o = a NO ", I tried explaining her in mathematical language so that the concept of not telling Samarrah the secret directly varied with her mouth. I hated mathematics a lot but sometimes it added humor to our sentence so I used it, though this situation was a bit critical.
I took the coffee mug in my hand and walked upstairs towards Sam's room. "Don't tell her anything", I mouthed her from upstairs. My mom had a kind gentle heart that could be fooled easily, and that's why I kept saying the sentence "keep it a secret" to her after every hour.
Sam had left her room's door ajar and was busy applying a reddish shade of lipstick. Ugh, Sam, Gina and makeup. I knocked softly and she signaled me to come in with her hands. I walked silently towards her and sat on her bed. Once she was done applying her lipstick (which was an awfully long time), she sat down on her dressing table stool and began applying mascara. Was she freaking kidding me? I had come up to talk to her, not to get a makeup tutorial from her!!
"Did you take an appointment?" I finally questioned getting irritated by the silence.
Looking at me with the most boring expression anyone could ever put up, she spoke, "I clearly stated before, personal questions won't be answered". She then highlighted her cheeks with the blusher, which obviously got on my nerves. She was extremely obsessed with makeup, just like Gina and maybe that's why she had a better bonding with her compared to me. "Makeup soothes us and keeps us calm. It's our passion and that's what passions are for, right?" is what they both told me every time I questioned them.
"Well, too bad, 'Cause A) you are my fucking sister, so cut the personal bullshit. And B) it's not a question! It's a fucking necessity!" I half yelled-half spoke, losing my patience.
"What if I don't want to abort my child?" she challenged, raising her eyebrow.
"You can't even afford his diapers", I remarked sarcastically.
"Ammie, you can yell all you want, but I'm not a murderer for God's sake! I WILL NOT MURDER MY CHILD!!" she shouted, contradicting my abortion statement.
"It's not murdering for fuck's sake! You're only nineteen years old and you don't even earn! How the hell will you take the responsibility of the newborn when you can't even handle yourself?" I questioned. I couldn't just listen to her childish decisions calmly.
"What if his or her father comes back? He will be so mad at me when he comes to know that I aborted our child, that I killed our child", she spoke softly, her voice cracking at the threat of tears.
"Hmpf, he wouldn't even care", I said disgustedly. Little did she know that James, the so-called father of her baby didn't give a shit about my sister, he hadn't inquired once about Sam's health or well-being. Instead, he was busy making out with other girls, including me, her sister. The thought honestly made me feel like shit, but I was doing it for Sam.
She wiped a tear that had run down her cheek, cleared her throat, and replied, "You don't even know him."
Her statement hit me like a truck. I tried my best to not show it on my face 'cause that would've given everything away, but it ripped me apart from within. Seeing Sam cry had always been my weakness and it tore me every single time. It was like my own heart being stabbed. It hurt to see Sam's condition. But what hurt more was that I was so helpless right now. Sam was trying her best to put up her walls, to not let people see how broken she was from within, which indeed was very brave of her.
But this was it. I made sure that filthy-ass piece of shit James paid for the loss. I don't know how, but I would make his life a living hell. That was for sure.
"I may not know him, but I'm gonna make sure he pays for it. I promise." Saying so, I gave her a tight hug which she needed at the moment. Lying to Sam about not knowing James sure sucked. Like, A LOT. But in this situation, I would do all it takes to make my sister happy, to see her smile; a genuine one. That was all that mattered.
Pulling out of the hug, I kissed her forehead and rushed out of the room. I was running late to college so I just picked some raw sandwiches from the counter and stuffed them in my mouth like a hungry goat. I took the nearest taxi and as soon as I reached college, I sprinted to my class like my life depended on it.
For the first time in my entire life, I couldn't wait for my lecture to begin. You know, only so that it could end soon, and I could speak to the two idiots I needed the most right now; aka Gina and Francis.
So as soon as class was over, I grabbed my food and went to our table and waited for them to arrive. You know how when you're waiting for someone/thing to happen or arrive, time just seems to be slowed on purpose? Yeah, that's exactly how I felt waiting for Gina and Francis, who totally seemed to be taking their sweet time to come. After what seemed like ages, they finally turned up and Gina sat next to me and France opposite us.
"You totally won't believe what happened," I spoke, purposely creating drama so that they get interested. (Not that they won't.)
"Then tell us, idiot." Gina pulled my hair.
"Yeah but stop pulling my hair first," I said, giving her a pointed look, which she returned.
I narrated them the whole story of the night at Pallapora town and they listened to me in bewilderment, not interrupting me even once. I couldn't look at them straight in the eye because I felt that they'll judge me, which obviously they didn't and I was relieved. Never in my lifetime had I imagined getting such amazing best friends (who also acted like jerks some times, but well, yeah okay). At least something in my life was always constant; their friendship.
"Ammie, it's alright. Don't worry, you've got us with you, sweetie." Gina said while side hugging me for comfort.
I sighed, "That's because you don't know the other part of the story."
"We've still got you."
"Then tell us"
Gina and Francis spoke at the same time, earning France a glare from Gina and me
I cleared my throat and continued, "It's just that," I paused for a while before continuing. "James is not just another stranger or co-worker."
"Then who is he? a serial killer?" Francis remarked sarcastically.
Every sarcastic comment I've ever received is either from France or from Mr. Reynolds. Mostly from Mr. Reynolds only, but..... Oh well, and now my mind was drowning in the ocean of his thoughts, AGAIN.
Gina's voice got me out of my thoughts, "Can you be serious for once Francis?!"
"Okay, sorry!" Francis defended.
"I really don't know how to start." I looked down.
"Come on, how bad can it be?" Gina assured.
"Way worse than you can imagine", I spoke under my breath.
"Huh?" They spoke together.
"Alright, okay. I'll get straight to the point without beating around the bush." I made a ponytail out of my hair, and then got back to explaining "James was, um, Samarrah's ex-boyfriend."
"It's okay, we live in the twenty-first century", Gina looked at me and gave the most pleasant smile.
"He's um", I started, "the one who got Sam pregnant and I don't know how to react", I spoke in a single breath and face-palmed myself.
"Son of a bitch!" They both said in synchronization.
"Jinx!"
"Jinx again!!" Oh hell no.
"Guys, Really?"
"Sorry", France said sheepishly.
"Is Sam okay?" Gina questioned, getting all serious about Sam. She was always like an elder sister to Sam, and thanks to 'makeup', well they're extremely close.
"She actually isn't, but she's being strong and not showing it on her face", I said with a sad smile and continued, "Pay her a visit, try to make her happy; but don't tell her anything about the pregnancy or James."
"But you're coming along right?" Francis questioned.
"Although I want to, I really cannot. I've got some extremely important work to do; which also includes threatening someone's existence on Earth", I said, smirking evilly.
"Aaron or James?" Gina asked.
Really, Gina? Aaron? Sweetie even I don't call him that. "A) It's Mr. Reynolds, not Aaron; and B) James is the evil one for now."
"Jealous much?" Francis prompted and burst out laughing. If looks could kill, he'd be dead by now.
"Real funny France", I grumbled. "Anyway, I got to go. I'll catch you'll later. Don't forget about Sam and remember what I said. Bye!"
"Okay! Good luck with James, and yeah, we've got your back in whatever you do. Don't fuck up!"
"Thanks, Gina! That really helped!" I replied sarcastically.
###chapter 20
I took my bag and followed my daily routine of going to hell; I mean the office. Today was different though, I didn't feel the hatred for Mr. Reynolds; simply because my mind was busy developing unlimited hatred towards the mother-effing James guy. Just the thought of him made my blood boil.
I decided to walk up the stairs because I was in no mood to come across James, and seeing his face would only spoil everything from the beginning.
After walking up three floors I started panting like my head had been kept underwater for 15 minutes; okay not 15, 'cause I'd be dead by then, but you get my point. After I 'successfully' crossed the fifth floor, I was ready to pass out. So to prevent that from happening, I sat down for a while. Luckily, the stairs were vacant because no one really used them much. They were pretty much crowded up till the third floor, but after that, it was as good as the desert. Growing Technology was responsible for making us all so lazy.
On finally reaching the seventh floor (which, may I add, took me 10 full minutes), I couldn't breathe. All I needed right now was a glass of water to calm down, but I had to cross the shitty area called the hallway in order to get to my cabin. I decided to sit on the stairs which were at the end of the seventh floor for some time. My legs didn't have the potential to even move; all thanks to myself for not ever having climbed seven floors at a stretch, yeah, my maximum was only five floors.
"Taking the elevator won't deduct any part of your salary, Miss Waters", Mr. Reynolds spoke once he noticed me.
Couldn't this man ever speak normally? And what the hell was he even doing outside his office? I mean, I know that it's his office and all, but, doesn't he have 'work'?
Faking a sweet smile, I said, "That's not the issue, sir."
"Oh, so you think that climbing seven floors by any chance will cut your gym costs?" Yeah. And do you think that you can shut up?
"No, sir, that's not the matter. I felt like walking up the stairs rather than taking the elevator; so I walked up. Is there any problem with that?" I questioned after standing up straight.
"Are you blaming on the quality of my office's elevators?" He questioned coming closer. Was it so hard to understand simple English?
"Oh no no no, really!" I was now annoyed by his comments. The more I tried not to hate him, the more he seemed to ask for it.
"Can I go to work now? Because maybe if I don't complete my work you'll deduct my salary and that's something I don't prefer", I spoke in the same monetary terms as him.
"Yeah, you're right. I will deduct your salary if your work hasn't been completed. So you better get going." And he walked off. All I could do was roll my eyes and walk off.
The moment I walked into my cabin, I desperately wanted to straddle the person in front of my eyes. Seated comfortably on my chair, in my freaking cabin, was the asshole called James. I wanted to turn around at that instant, but that would have been strange and my cover would have been blown, so I marched towards my chair; which is indirect, him.
"Um, hey. That seat's mine, I guess?" I tried saying the rude words after coating them with extra sugar.
"And you're mine honey, so indirectly the seat's mine too", he said smirking.
"Well I hope that you didn't take our one, not to mention, short, kiss very seriously", I smiled and then continued "Because to be honest, I didn't."
"I was joking Ammie, but I guess you're not in a good mood today", he stood up from my chair. See? Was that hard?
"No I'm okay, really." I smiled again. Only a smart or mean the guy would recognize such a fake smile; and James being the mean one here, figured it out. He started walking closer to me, making my heart participate in a freaking long jump competition, but I luckily stopped it. AND, if you just thought that that was because of the butterflies or anything that girls feel when a guy approaches them, NO. It wasn't that. I was fucking scared that he might've found out that Samarrah is my sister and that I know about him.
He took a firm grip of my waist and pulled me towards his chest. I let my hands rest on his chest in between us because I was in no mood to put them around his neck; actually I was, TO STRANGLE HIM.
"Hey Ammie," Ugh, stop calling me that! "Are you thinking about my ex? Samarrah? Hm? Don't worry! I never loved her anyway!" he questioned and then answered himself. This asshole never loved Sam and there she was, still hoping that he'd come back for their child. Oh, Samarrah, what have you gotten yourself into?
"What makes you think that I'm mad because of your 'so-called ex'?", Regardless of my thoughts, I questioned back.
"Don't play dumb with me. I noticed that you were in a jolly good mood yesterday, but suddenly after meeting that old man you started acting differently", he held me tighter.
"Okay fine. But then you've got TO tell me everything about this Samarrah girl." I initiated working on my plan.
"Sure", he spoke and dragged me to the corner of my cabin, where a small couch was, enough for two people, was kept.
I only had one way to spill the beans about James and Sam now; to act like a fucking possessive girlfriend, "So, start."
"We met in Pallapora town; she was kind of attracted to me. In fact, she even asked me out once, but since she was younger than me, I rejected her. I was pretty sure that I'd disappointed her, so we used to hang out as friends", I nodded, completely dissatisfied by the story so far," but I swear, I didn't even touch her."
I could've abused the shit out of him right there, but the latter part of his "story" got me puzzled. I mean, I had full faith in Sam and knew that James was lying, but then he also might be speaking the truth and the "J" guy might as well be someone else whose name began with J, right? But no. I knew it was James. Who else would stoop so low as to not even check on their ex, whom they've fucking gotten pregnant?!
I needed to dig this matter deeper as fast as I could so that I could help Sam aborting her child. Why was she even refusing the abortion? She needed to move on with her life and not waste it waiting for this lying, piece-of-shit, whore.
"Are you even listening?", James shook from my shoulders and got me out of my trance.
"Yeah, yeah I am." I tried re-focusing but couldn't get myself to remember anything. Even though I had a thousand questions in my mind that I wanted to ask him, I stopped myself 'cause that would only make him suspicious. All I could do was fake a smile.
Suddenly he came close to me and wrapped his arms around me in a not-so-friendly hug; one of his arms was around my waist, and the other was rubbing my back. "I've got you now Ammie", he whispered in my hair.
"Yeah", I murmured and wrapped my hands around his neck; because it was the only thing to do without being suspicious. His hand constantly rubbing my back was making my anger range from 0 to 100 real quick.
"Miss Waters, I cannot fi-", Mr. Reynolds came inside my cabin out of the blue and saw me hugging James, making him cut his sentence. Although I had no intention of hooking up with James or anything, I'm pretty sure that the hug looked pretty intimating; not to mention James rubbing my back. And this guy, Mr. Reynolds-the the great businessman, ever heard of a thing called 'knocking before entering'?
Nonetheless, I quickly separated myself from James, straightened my dress, and walked up to Mr. Reynolds. "Yes sir?"
He cleared his throat and said, "I cannot find my file and I want you to come and look for it in my cabin. It will be labeled 'Amar and Sons'." What? Nothing about the hug? No sarcastic comment? "Oh and you and James need to understand that this, not a porn hub!" Oops. Thought too soon I guess.
"It was just a friendly hug", James offended."
"Which didn't really look friendly," he muttered under his breath. Was he.....jealous? obviously not. Then- "Miss Waters. I need the file today. Could you please stop day-dreaming and come along?" he spoke, getting me out of my thoughts.
"Yeah, sure" I replied quickly and walked out immediately after Mr. Reynolds. I purposely left James alone in my cabin so that he'd leave too. If Mr. Reynolds would've come in any other time and told me to find the file, I would've definitely sulked. But this time his file had actually saved me from that James.
"You should really organize all the files properly Miss Waters", Mr. Reynolds finally spoke after entering his cabin.
"Alright. So, where do I start?" I questioned looking around his office. There were shelves of files everywhere. Looking at the shelves itself made me exhausted and the number of files around made me dizzy. There were so many files and he couldn't find one particular file. I must say, his previous secretary was horrible. All the files were scattered on the shelves. I was pretty sure he'd make me start from the very first shelf.
"You need to figure that out yourself because it's your job, not mine!" He sat on his chair and rested his elbows on the desk.
"This will take the whole freaking day", I complained, sounding extremely unprofessional.
"Then consume your whole day with it. Cancel all your plans", he paused for a while "professional as well as personal." He stressed the word personal. I knew it was an as he must have misunderstood me and James as a couple. And did I want to explain anything to him? No, because, no matter what, he'd never believed me. Getting paired up with the pervert James was the last thing in the world I'd want.
I went towards the first shelf, which was behind Mr. Reynolds's chair, and tried opening it; only to look like I was trying to catch air. BUT, no, that doesn't make me short, it just makes the shelf taller than it should fucking be.
I looked for a chair around the room and saw one next to the open window. I went to drag it towards the shelf but made sure to shut the window first. Because if I fell out of the window and died, the police would call it a suicide case. It would take them a lifetime to find the reason for suicide; which was actually nothing, and then when they wouldn't be able to find that out, they'd accuse Mr. Reynolds of pushing me out. They'd also put him in jail for a lifetime, but no, this guy has a hell lot of money; he'd be easily bailed out.
I hit myself on the head for thinking about such bullshit and then began dragging the chair towards the shelf. As expected, the chair made this weird high pitched sound which was extremely unpleasant to hear, but I continued dragging it nonetheless; how many such opportunities will I ever get to annoy my boss?
"Stop doing that for fuck's sake", he yelled getting irritated.
###chapter 21
"Okay" I tried picking up the chair, only to end up walking like a drunkard. What? The chair was quite heavy to lift, and Mr. Reynolds, being the gentleman he is, of course, did not help. Actually forget helping; he didn't even offer to help, not that I would've declined though.
Snapping out of my train of thoughts, I carefully positioned the chair below the shelf and took the support of Mr. Reynolds' chair to get on it. "Careful Miss Waters", Mr. Reynolds shifted his chair as a safety measure. From what? Oh nothing much, just from me falling over him.
"I'll try my best sir", I assured him. He started working on his laptop, again. Since the day I've entered his office, he was always on his laptop working. He never took free time from work, despite being the freaking CEO! His dedication kind of inspired me.
I opened the shelf and tried my best not to move, because if I moved even a little, the chair would move; leading to very serious consequences (which includes falling on my butt and breaking it). So I just took a brief view of all the files and tried searching for the one Mr. Reynolds wanted. I placed all the files on over one another very slowly, and carefully made only necessary moves.
But then while I was placing the files on the shelf, I felt like something ran over my fingers. The color from my face vanished almost instantly after my brain registered the fact that there was definitely some creepy creature inside. I really didn't want to see it because that would do nothing other than me screaming. Keeping up my courage, I carefully piled up the last file systematically. And then, the horror of horrors, that creepy thing crawled onto my hand. If you're wondering why am I overreacting, well it's just that I have an extremely bad experience with these horrible insects.
I got up on my toes to see the dreaded creature, and when I did, I started shaking and so did the chair.
"Mis-mis-mister Rey-no-nolds", I stammered/yelled with whatever might I had left.
"Yes Miss Waters", he replied calmly. 'Get the fuck up from that chair and get this thing off me.' That was what I wanted to tell him, but I couldn't get a word out of my mouth anymore. Not gaining a response from me for like a minute (I guess it was just a few seconds though) he finally stood up.
"What's it Miss Waters?" he questioned boringly and I could hear him walking towards me. Yeah, I hadn't dare look away from the devil, you know, in case it went up to my sleeve.
"A liz-liz-lizard", I stammered and tried moving it off my palms.
I was scared shitless and began walking backward carelessly; completely forgetting that I was on a freaking chair right now. Obviously I slipped and lost my balance and began flying, actually falling, on the ground.
I closed my eyes and accepted that I was going to fall and break my butt or my leg. Actually that's what I thought at that moment because 1) the chair wasn't that high and 2) I really don't know how butts break.
When I finally felt myself land, I was surprised that I hadn't made contact with anything hard; rather it was quite comfy, and I wasn't even hurt a percent. When I opened my eyes, I was greeted with myself in the arms none other than Mr. Reynolds himself. And, to be more specific, I was in his arms in bridal fucking style; and obviously, thanks to instincts which work extra hard when you don't need them to, my arms went around his neck for support. Well, he had obviously held me that way for grip and things like that but that was super-duper awkward.
My heart almost fell out and my face was red with embarrassment; but then again, he had saved me from falling on the floor (which would've been much worse). Although it was awkward, it was comforting in his arms at the same time. I felt close to him as I rested my head on his muscular chest. I could feel heartbeats, breath, and touch.
I didn't utter a word; silence was all that was needed right now, in this situation. He carefully placed me on the floor (yeah literally) and then went back to work on his computer. Seriously, what does he do on there? Nonetheless, I got up and straightened out my dress.
"Thank you", I spoke softly as I walked up to his desk.
"I just protected myself", he answered and closed his computer (finally). Although I would've preferred a 'you're welcome' or 'my pleasure' instead of his rude comment (which honestly didn't make any sense to me), I smiled softly and let it go.
"Complete your work quickly, I'm heading for lunch." He looked at his watch and continued, "You are not allowed to go for lunch unless you found my file.", and he just left the cabin leaving me alone. What the hell does he think I am? A robot, or machine? Like, don't I need food for energy? But I couldn't do anything about it; instead, I decided to finish my work quickly and get the hell out of here.
I started looking for the file in all the shelves but thankfully it wasn't hard 'cause all the remaining shelves were either my height or at ground level; the only tall shelf was the one behind Mr. Reynolds' desk.
After looking at all the shelves, I was aghast by the fact that the 'Amar and Sons' file was nowhere to be seen! I had checked all the shelves carefully; so there was no question of I missing it. I thought of checking the only place that I hadn't checked: Mr. Reynolds' desk. After looking around the tidily kept desk, I found the file which read 'Amar and Sons' stacked at the bottom of the pile on his desk. I felt tricked! Mr. Reynolds had made me work for the entire day to find a file that was in front of his face on his desk this whole time!
That's it. I had lost it and yelled, "Son of a bitch!"
"Did you say something, Miss Waters?", Mr. Reynolds asked calmly and he entered his cabin with his perfect face; only it was accompanied by an evil smirk this time.
"Oh no. Nothing, really!" I made a poker face. "One last question, can I?" I looked at him, and spoke immediately as he was about to do so, "And it's really relevant", I completed my statement for him before he could classify it as 'irrelevant'.
"Sure", he answered.
"If you already knew where the file was, then why waste my entire day?", I asked angrily, raising the most relevant question of the day, or night, or of the entire fucking century.
"Because I wanted you to clean all the shelves", he answered like it was the obvious thing in the world.
"I'm not a maid for fuck's sake!" I was so angry at him right now!!
"Oh yes, I'm aware of that Miss Waters. It's just that maids don't know anything about my business; they'd throw away the necessary files. But since you work with me, as my secretary, you have better knowledge." He sat down on his beloved seat again. Seriously, why doesn't he just glue his ass to that fucking chair of his?!
"Oh wow! How thoughtful of you sir!" I began walking back towards his door and continued, "And since I'm done with your 'cleaning work' and it's time for me to leave for my house, goodbye!" I banged his door as hard as I could, took my bag from my cabin, and took a taxi home.
I was desperately in need of some coffee; thanks to Mr. Reynolds and his split personalities which had annoyed the shit out of me.
###chapter 22
AMANDA'S POV

I was the only person on the seventh floor as it was already 10 pm. Mr. Reynolds has already wasted a lot of my time by compelling me to arrange and rearrange the files in his cabin so I decided to go home after completing all the required pending work. James was not present in the office so it was easier for me to stay as his presence annoyed me to an extreme extent. 
I placed all the mess correctly in their respected positions before leaving my cabin and also made sure to lock the entrance door. I walked through the hallway bypassing James's cabin and then I thought about doing some digging to get the relevant information; to assure myself that what is right and what is not, so I walked in without thinking anything more.
"This is wrong ", said the positive side in me.
"What he did wasn't right either ", said the negative side within me. Tonight, the negative side was dominant as compared to the positive one.
I first took a brief look over the files on his table, they were scattered everywhere so I just went through them without correcting the mess. They were all the professional ones so I could not enjoy any fruits out of them i.e they did not include any necessary information for my usage.
I then opened the drawers which were beneath his desk. It was shabby and messy too. I tried segregating the items with my hands so that I could view each one of them properly. I came through some mint chocolates, his pair of spectacles, and even 4 -5 packet of condoms. I wasn't shocked about him being a sex-hungry animal.
Nothing could be found in the first desk too so I proceeded towards the second, there were bits of paper. I looked at them one after another and something popped up in the mind that shook me because a paper read the letter "S" just as in Samarrah's wallet, though it read James. It felt like the paper was crumbled before and then was straightened. I took a picture of the paper from my mobile phone's camera.
I then rushed towards the other drawers as quickly as possible because it was turning late already. The only thing which was left for suspicion was his laptop, I just prayed to God that it wasn't password protected. I seated myself on his chair and opened his laptop. "please,God. please ", I tried butter polishing God, we all do this at least once, don't we?
I tapped on the start button of his laptop with my fingers crossed. Then there came an option "LOG ON AS JAMES" OR "ANOTHER USER "
I clicked on the initial button at once and I got access to his laptop, I wanted to hop and dance out of excitement but I controlled my emotions. I opened the images folder, I found myself in one of the folders. The picture had me, Mr. Reynolds and him, it was taken when we were in Pallapora town. There was a big cross on Mr. Reynolds's face and my face had a circle on it. 
The cross on Mr. Reynolds's face totally shocked the shit out of me. He claimed to be his best friend forever. But, maybe he was just jealous of the fact of me being with Mr. Reynolds all the time. Every coin has two sides, so I had to totally jot down the point of James being the fuck boy so my presence or absence wouldn't affect him by any chance or maybe he had some sort of personal grudges towards Mr. Reynolds but I did take a picture of it too in my phone
And then I realized that I was not here to fight the case for Mr. Reynolds, I was here for my sister. I tried adding her name to the search bar because there were too many crappy pictures of him on his laptop and from which 60% included porn stuff. Too many options popped up after adding Sam's name, I clicked on them one after the other. It contained many pictures of James and Sam, hugging each other, kissing each other on lips, on the neck, on the forehead. All pictures were extremely lovely but considering the fact that he was a moron, they were fake too.
"I did not even touch her ", James words echoed in my mind, again, and again, the fact that he was lying was very clear for me and my doubt on him for making my sister pregnant was cleared too. I somewhat managed to find out all the pieces of the jigsaw. I now had to match them together to make a clear picture out of them.
I snapped every picture of them and then added all the pictures I took tonight in the safety deposit vault because Samarrah had this old habit of looking at my Albums. I had no idea about the new Sam but precaution is always better than cure.
I tried looking all around his cabin for assurance that I had left nothing important which could come in my use later and thankfully I had left no perks too of any clues for James to find out that I had been inspecting his cabin. I kept all his belongings in their respective places and assured myself twice before leaving his cabin.
I wanted to know everything about James because this guy was turning the element of mystery lately. I wanted to know why he lied in the first place, I wanted to know what was he planning against Mr. Reynolds, I wanted to know that did he have any idea regarding me as being Samarrah's older sister. 
I walked through the hallway, the lights were dim as there were fewer people in the office. Most of them included the watchman and the cleaners. The elevator had me alone in it, I was scared a bit because I was the kind of girl who did believe in tooth fairies and haunting witches, Vampires and werewolves are highly fictitious though.
I gathered all the courage and went through the empty lobby and finally reaching the entrance sighed and wished the watchman goodbye. I took a taxi and finally reached home. I ate something first and then side hugged mom and kissed her good night.
I curled myself around my favorite fluffy teddy bear with thoughts that were confusing me. I couldn't sleep, I was continuously swiping over the pictures I collected lately. I just needed to talk with someone over it but at the same time, I didn't want Francis and Gina to worry for me. I wanted to tell Mr. Reynolds for not trusting his best friend so much but I knew he wouldn't believe me and term that picture-evidence as 'photoshopped' .
I kept my eyes closed for a while and just decided to stay silent and also feel the silence after having a chaotic life.
\-Tring Trong-
I rubbed my eyes tightly which may have caused my kohl to smudge, I didn't wash my face nicely yesterday because I was in no mood for it so I hopped directly in bed. I didn't even realize when did I actually sleep cause I was awake till late overthinking about everything.
I added toothpaste to my brush before twirling it around my teeth. I observed myself carefully in the mirror whilst brushing, the area around my eyes was surrounded by a lighter shade of black, maybe because of dark circles or maybe because of the smudge due to black liner. I rinsed my mouth thoroughly and washed my face and rubbed the face-wash more around the dark area.
Hopefully, it turned into a lighter shade of black and the rest of the mark could be hidden with a bit of foundation. I got ready within 10 minutes and went downstairs. Mom and Samarrah were already leaving for the doctor's appointment.
"Good luck", I waved them goodbye.
"Breakfast is ready on the table, have a Good day baby", mom rushed while catching Sam's hand tightly. She felt weak lately and that was the reason mom treated her like a kindergarten kid.
I stuffed the scrambled eggs with folk in my mouth and drank the orange juice which mom left on the table for me to drink. 
I carried my handbag on my shoulders and left for the office again. I had a day off from college thankfully so I decided to reach the office prior then the normal time I go.
I encountered Sonia Josephs: my colleague and first-ever friend in this office on the gateway so I waved her cheerfully and went towards her and shook her hand.
"Hey what's up?", she questioned me whilst warmly shaking my hands.
"Nothing much, how about you?", she questioned me back and we both started walking together in the office premises.
"C-can I ask you something?", I finally questioned,
"Anything", she was sweet enough to answer that.
"Do you have any idea about James? the best friend plus the manager of this company ", I started inquiring about James again. These days I felt like I was working in an investigation department gathering clues now and then.
"That pervert?", she questioned back and my eyes widened with his answer.
"Yes, him. Why that name?" I questioned curiously.
"Because he has slept with almost every good looking slut of this office ", she looked at me and continued while walking "you won't believe "
"Make me ", I instinctively replied.
"he even promised some girls in my department that if they agree to sleep with him for a night, he'll grant them promotion", she looked annoyed.
"And did he ?" I questioned.
"Yes, of course, those girls sold themselves for a position, I doubt that our CEO supports him"
"No he doesn't, not at all ", I defended Mr. Reynolds.
"Good thing, Ill catch you up later ", she side hugged me and went towards the department where she worked in.
"See you soon around then ", I locked my sight on her till she finally disappeared.
After an hour I was in my cabin sipping upon my cup of coffee. There's a popular saying that
'no matter what the question is, coffee is the answer'.
I decided to think about an excuse so that I could travel with James to his place and find about his dirty little secret regarding Mr. Reynolds. I had gathered enough clues for Samarrah and I decided to skip the sister part and do justice to my job. The only way I could end at James's place was through slut based activities, no matter how much I hated it but I couldn't let anything wrong happen to Mr. Reynolds, though he was a jerk at times I couldn't deny the fact of him, helping me so many times.
The siren suddenly rang and it was certainly a signal of Mr. Reynolds for me to be ubiquitous in his cabin. I marched towards his cabin the moment I got a call.
"We're in real hurry Miss Waters ", Mr. Reynolds looked at his watch.
"What for ?", I questioned watching him hurriedly.
"the model which I appointed to feature for our company's new outlet suddenly has a cramp in her leg ", he loosened his tie " the clients could be here any moment, I need you to run your contacts and find me the best girl you can "
"I-I ?", I stammered.
###chapter 23
"Yes, you! make sure she's pretty and is young and confident, maybe a bit bold like you. ", he stared at me continuously "or maybe you can replace her.
I was aghast by his decision. I had this "o" already formed through my lips. "No, I can't do this! I have never ever ever ever done this before ", I decided to repeat the word ever so that it made sense.
"How about an increment of 10% in your salary ", Mr. Reynolds smirked.
"Are you trying to label me again ?", I raised my brows.
"It's a genuine offer ", he moved his hands through his messy hair whilst looking at me.
"I'll try! ", I was somehow convinced.
"Great! I'll appoint some people to train you " he looked at me "You just have to wear an exotic dress and stand next to me for a picture in the best selling cover magazine. It's an amazing opportunity to engage myself socially plus the picture would be on the front page with my interview and some tips by me to the young practicing entrepreneurs. 
"Mmhmm ", I nodded.
"Little do they know that no one can ever be Aaron Reynolds !", he smirked and said the lines anyway without any questions. His self-obsession was not something very new to me.
"True sir! No one cant be as remorseless as you ", I said sarcastically with a smile.
"People like you force me too, don't spoil my good mood now and go dress up and add some plastic to your lame -morning face "
Uh! did he just call me ugly? I wanted to choke him but then how can I forget about the 10% increment. "Yes, okay ", I turned my face against him and kept the Hazel Grace constant within me by saying the word 'okay'
I rushed into my cabin and washed my face with clean water and wiped it with a towel after looking at myself in the mirror. I poked myself through the mirror and laughed at my fatuousness.
"Can I come in madam ", a group of girls peeped through the main door of my cabin and asked me permission to get in. I felt obliged because after asking permission from Mr. Reynolds infinite times someone asked me too, though on the instructions of the devil himself.
"Sure, ladies ", I tried acting bossy.
Then all walked quite precisely in a queue whilst coming towards me. One had a big hanger neatly covered with a huge paper in her hand. The other one had a makeup bag, the third one came with an accessory bag and the last one had some sort of machines in her hand which on deeper observation could be figured out that were straighteners and curlers. 
"Are you the one ?", the dominant one of them questioned
"Since it is my cabin, of course ! ", I replied.
"When's the last time you have been to a beauty-parlor ? ", she questioned and I could sense her judging my not so plastic skin.
"What kind of a question is this? I do go to beauty salons. The last time I went was " I thought for a while "I don't remember but I did go "
"Could be seen ", she was so sarcastic and rude, oh my god.
"Okay, what else ?", I gave the most plastered smile ever.
"Let's get started girls ", she gave me a light dress and ordered me to remove the one I was wearing. It took me 5 minutes to change the dress and wear the one she provided me. It was very comfortable and lightweight. It was a short dress more like a sleeveless top which ended three inches above my thigh. 
"Look at your eyebrows girl ", she looked at me closely by almost popping her head in mine. She threaded out the unnecessary hairs and gave them a point. 
"Wax her legs ", she ordered the girl who was standing with the accessory kit. She carefully placed it on the table and came towards me with the wax kit.
"I did wax my hair this week ", I objected ! a part of me was scared with the waxing shit, it felt like a part of me died after every hair which was nailed out my body.
"I like your humor girl ", the sarcastic bitch added up to her comments again. The other girl came close to me and firstly powdered up my skin and then applied striped full of wax all over. She waited for 2 minutes and then pulled out the strips along with the unnecessary hair. I was taken care of like a bride whose wedding was preponed. 
"ouch ", I was moaning out of the pain. 
"Chill baby ", the other one was comparatively better.
"Madam, straighten her hairs or curl them ?", the hairdresser stepped in and asked the bitchy one permission as she stood over me while letting me sit on the chair just like a mother does when her children deny eating anything.
"Straighten them from up ", she moved her hands through my hairs explaining her carefully that till which point she has to straighten "Curl them all from here, soft and bouncy ones ", she caught the lower strands of my hair while showing her.
I could feel the heat on my head because of the excessive machinery used but I just sat still without moving an inch because the lady standing, on the top of my head, was scary as fuck. She ordered me to push forward my hands towards the other girl so that she could do the manicure treatment over them. I felt like a princess, no lie.
The girl doing my hairs on completing her task showed it to her boss and she approved it after examining them properly. My manicure and pedicure treatment was done too, my nails felt lively and perfect.
"Should we do the Makeup first or sort out with the dressing part?", the dominant lady asked me.
"Anything, what you like ", I had less idea about this field so I just decided to agree with whatever she does.
"Come on, makeup experts ", she called upon two girls, the rest of them comforted themselves on the small couch in my cabin.
They both came towards me and smiled cheerfully and advised to me stay still as much as I could and also to keep my eyes closed. Opening my eyes wasn't beneficial too because I couldn't see myself. The only place I had a mirror here was in the bathroom.
I could feel them contouring my face and highlighting up the necessary areas, darkening my eyebrows, and adding fake blush to my cheeks. They used a large eyeshadow brush and applied one color to the base of the lashes and blended it all the way up till the brow. And then they used crease defining brush to apply the second shade in the crease, blending up and out toward the outer corner of the eye along the edge of where the brow bone began.
They lashed up my eyelids giving them volume and when I peeped a bit I saw them using a Mac lip liner followed by a lipstick to complete the look.
"can I look at myself now?", I pleaded out of curiosity.
"after you dress up completely ", she passed me the dress. 
I took the dress, it was a bit heavy then usually what I wore. I carried it with both my hands and tried walking towards the washroom.
"What are you doing, girl?", she questioned me while pulling me through my right hands.
"To the bathroom, for changing of course ", I tried getting away.
"You can't change the dress there, you will need us for wearing it ", she tried instructing me.
"No I can wear it myself and since I have to change here, can you guys stand out for a while?", I asked them politely. 
"yes, sure! I'm guessing that you do have an idea that we don't wear inner wears under such kind of dresses.", she closed the door.
I nodded as I knew but I didn't. I opened the dress and it was a white off shouldered gown which had a black Saturn belt at the stomach and it was a bit deep so some part of cleavage could be seen. I unzipped it from the back and settled myself in it, I turned my head around and tried pulling the chain to complete the gorgeous gown look. I pulled harder but my hand just didn't reach so I pushed myself a bit, thankfully I got a grip on the dress so I pulled the chain upwards with all my strength. I suddenly felt that I got something in my hand, I stood still and looked at it.
My whole world collapsed as it was the chain of this dress, I had pretty much spoiled the dress so I just caught the front part with my hand settling the dress on my body, and asked the ladies to get in.
"I'm so so sorry! I turned around ", my vision blurred because my eyes were watery.
"It's okay love! ", the dominant one came close to me and hugged me. She was not bad about a person too.
"We will find a way out ", she caressed me by rubbing my arms while side hugging me.
"I have a plan ma'am", one of them turned the situation lit. She went towards the jewelry box and picked up a diamond-studded broach. 
"oh my god yes ", she grabbed the broach and asked me to turn around, I did as per the instructions.
She pinned the broach to my back which made it prettier and also corrected the flaws. I turned around and smiled at the women and apologized for my clumsy behavior.
" you look so beautiful ", she exhaled while side parting my hair and adding a broach to it too.
"Thank you ", I rushed towards the bathroom to look at myself and I couldn't believe it was me. I never knew that I had such kind of a prettier version too. I pinched myself and then realized that it was happening for real but I was a bit scared too for confronting the media and doing the photoshoot with Mr. Reynolds.
###chapter 24
AMANDA'S POV

I tried my best to walk with ease and not mess up the white dress I was wearing. I felt grateful for not being on my periods as that could've spoiled such a lovely dress and my mood could go from 10 to 0 real quick. I always dreamed about uncertain things like what would happen if the penis spilled off blood monthly but my thoughts were irrelevant, of course.
I tussled up my gown and caught it firmly from my thighs pushing it a bit up so I could walk comfortably. I walked steadily towards Mr. Reynolds's cabin. It took me great efforts to walk in the long maxi dress. The lower material of the gown tangled up with my heels which caused my balance to shake every time I advanced my feet in the process of walking.
Finally, after reaching Mr. Reynolds's cabin, I asked for permission. "Can I, sir?" I had no power to go back again and re-ask for permission.
"Come in Miss Waters ", he was struggling with his tie too. I opened the door carefully and marched in, Mr. Reynolds looked more than perfect in his grey suit which he paired over a sky blue shirt. His dense dark blue eyes reflected the color of his shirt. His dark brown hair has partly highlighted a shade of blonde, precisely the upper part of his spikes.
He didn't look at me as he was busy wearing his tie. He went towards the mirror after a while and modeled for some tiny seconds and then unfolded the tie and threw it towards the chair. He opened the top buttons of his shirt and looked at himself for a while and smirked. He looked extremely sexy, and I couldn't control my amorousness which arose within me.
He turned around towards me and we had the strangest eye contact. Our gazes locked with each other and no one amongst us dared to look away. It felt like I was stargazing, in a night where only the best stars twinkled. I was the first one to look around after an awkward moment. Mr. Reynolds yet stared at me, his eyeballs twirled around my body from, head to toe. I felt uncomfortable because a part of my cleavage was visible.
"You -you look p-p-p ", he was stammering on the word p. My mind revolved around all the adjectives which could begin with the alphabet p, the first which came to my mind was pretty. He looked towards me again and continued "Different, you look very different Miss Waters". I knew that saying the word 'pretty' was something he'd never do plus all kind of amazing adjectives weren't a part of his dictionary.
"You look different too Mr. Reynolds ", I returned the compliment which was not even a compliment but maybe it was kind of some good word in our extremely formal world.
"Don't mess up", I knew it was coming.
"I know! I won't", I assured. "But since I have no idea about this modeling thing, it may take some time for me to register it in my mind", I continued after pulling my off shouldered dress up.
"Go with the flow ", he reassured. I nodded along and waited for him to come beside me or at least a bit close so that we could move on together towards the ground floor auditorium, when he was close enough I started walking along after catching my gown a bit upward again.
We were in the hallway walking towards the elevator silently. No one amongst us uttered any word. I was struggling with the dress and I knew that this problem could be only sorted if my balance was proper. When some baby hair rested on my temple, I let go of the grip of my hands over the dress and tried moving the unnecessary strands of it backward without spoiling the hairstyle much.
Suddenly, the extra-long gown rolled through my toes because of the flare, I couldn't balance myself because of which there was a sudden call of gravity flow from the floor to my body. I was about to fall and desolate everything but something good happened, I was sheltered from my stomach through Mr. Reynolds's hands, they had a firm grip over me. He twisted his hands and bounced me back through his right hand whilst catching from the left.
"I'm not a basketball", I was yet in his arms.
"But this dress and hairstyle sure cost a little more above your level ", he talked monetary stuff again.
"Pfft", I stood straight making that fussy noise.
"Let's move a bit faster", he caught me through my arms so that I could catch my gown properly and walk without creating any more scene.
"Thank you ", I looked towards him.
He didn't answer me and kept walking. We reached the auditorium within 10 minutes and I could already see a lot of shutterbugs. "Help her", Mr. Reynolds handed me over to a long skinny girl who immediately caught me after listening to his orders.
Mr. Reynolds went towards some people and greeted them politely. I was taken to the green room by the tall girl. "More makeup?" I was shocked.
"No, just some touch up", she puffed some amount of compact powder on my face making it look fresh.
"You look amazing ", she stared at me for a while "and this broach at your back looks exotic", she kept complimenting me.
"Thank you!" I smiled "this broach is supposed to correct the flaws of this dress but um I'm glad it looks attractive "
When she was signaled from outside, she told me to hurry up. I immediately got up from my place and prepared myself by doing some quick inhale-exhale yoga exercises.
"You okay?" she finally questioned.
"I will be", I started walking towards the crowd. Mr. Reynolds looked at me and made some kind of facial expression which meant that I should go towards him and stand along with him.
I kept quiet for a while and stood silent next to Mr. Reynolds without interrupting a word. Mr. Reynolds was busy talking with the people which belonged to the media. He was asked all sorts of questions, his answers were witty and on point. He was very careful with the selection of his words because he was well aware of the fact that Electronic media could have good as well as ugly consequences.
My throat was parched but I couldn't afford to move even a bit away from him, even for the purpose of drinking water, because I knew that my clumsiness and bad luck never left me alone and wherever I went, a wrong thing was sure to happen.
"So are you the new model of this company", a man came towards me and handed me the mike. Mr. Reynolds watched me through cornered eyes. I was confused by the question and I had no idea about the answer.
"I um " I cleared my throat and looked towards Mr. Reynolds. My facial expressions could be read easily, they were "HELP"
"Since me and my company truly believe in women empowerment and progress", Mr. Reynolds pulled the mike towards him" I wanted to be showcased in the cover -magazine with someone who had sheer knowledge about this company and not just some good-looking model", I sighed out of relief.
"So who is she?" the person questioned.
"Are you guys seeing each other", another person from the media questioned tending to make it breaking news. 
"Never heard of her before", a girl looked at me whilst traveling her eyeballs through my dress.
"Can the questions come out in a systematic manner", Mr. Reynolds almost locked their mouth. I couldn't stop but stare at him, his half torso could be seen from the side as I was standing right next to him. It was strongly responsible for diverting my attention towards other people
"Point No 1 - she is my secretary, Point No 2- it was always professionalism what has impacted my growth so personal questions are subject to remain unanswered. Point No 3 - she just started working" he looked at everyone around.
"So how is it working with him?", a man questioned me with his eyes focused on my cleavage, I wanted to cut his eyeballs and feed them to the goats but I somehow controlled my discomfort and anger.
"Yes, it's a pleasure working with him. I have never seen a man so focused and motivated on his goals in my entire life ", I looked at him while answering, everything I said was true, I later continued "He not only leads us but also guides us in the humblest manner, he respects all of us, and never disrupts our personal life's space", I lied clearly with the latter line and gave a cute smile looking at Mr. Reynolds, he looked impressed.
He pulled me closer towards him asking for my hand, I did the same as soon as possible without any hesitation. "We are done for tonight ", it was a signal for them to pack up and leave.
I sighed because I cleared level one successfully and now I was admitted to Level 2. Level ups are meant to give us bipolar feelings. We become happy because we succeed and sad because another level turns out to be more difficult as compared to the initial one.
An entire stage was set up for us, there were lights focusing in the middle of the stage. The background was amazing enough to turn lunatic for. It had amazing paintings across it. Mr. Reynolds came close to me and his lips almost touched my ears. He whispered, "All the best ". Every time he came close to me, I felt something strange, I felt some creature tickling in my stomach and I refuse to take those creatures like butterflies. 
There was a guide present there to help us with positioning in front of the camera. His extra colorful dressing was exotic, and he seemed gay, he was one too. I could figure that out because he was leaning on Mr. Reynolds's body more than me. He was getting extremely touchy with him
"Stand still ", he ordered me and I positioned myself that very moment. He placed a chair in the middle of the stage and told Mr. Reynolds to sit on it comfortably. Mr. Reynolds obeyed his directions precisely. He pulled me towards Mr. Reynolds and placed my right hand very gently on his shoulders and the left hand was occupied by the back portion of his hair.
I was scared, but I definitely tried to hide those facial expressions from my face, I acted calm and pleasant like I was chilling out in Hawaii. Hawaii was one of the favorite places I always longed to visit. My head was positioned just a few distances away from Mr. Reynolds's face, my nose almost touching his cheek.
###chapter 25
"Don't move!" I heard the orders again so I even refused to do the breathing requirements aka inhale and exhale. I heard noises which obviously denoted snapping of pictures in all type of directions as I could see the cameraman circling around us. A media company briefly looked towards us and jotted down everything. They were the only ones who were allowed to stay among everyone.
"Wow, this picture's epic ", the camera person showed our picture to the one who was helping us with the positions. 
He again came towards us and directed a boy to move the chair. Mr. Reynolds kept his hand on my waist and I had to do the sightseeing i.e. look at his alluring face. "Don't smile, girl", he warned me which was pretty embarrassing. I was not really good at making aggressive looks but I had to since the cover required passion.
"Perfect couple ", the photographer looked towards us and a blush escaped through my cheek. I mouthed a "no" and we all ended up laughing except Mr. Reynolds.
"Just end this shoot with some walking. Enlighten the ramp, hot personalities ", the photographer got demanding after every consequent minute.
We both went backward. Mr. Reynolds caught me tightly through my back, I just didn't understand why. "It's hurting me ", I tried moving his hand but it was very firm plus hard like a rock and he had this 'I don't care' type of expression.
We started walking through the ramp very straight and aired up our chin like the proudest kings, Mr. Reynolds's hand was firm on my back, it just didn't move from its place. I hated his guts. I hated the way he took advantage of me openly without even thinking about the mindset of other people. Different types of thoughts evolved in my mind like 'What if the people think that I satisfy him physically', 'what if they consider me his sex-slave'
I knew somewhere that there was no answer for my 'what if's', many questions were unanswerable for example my dad's name in Mr. Reynolds's telephone directory.
"Stop taking advantage of my body", I exhaled "and of my silence", I muttered in a slow voice while walking, clear enough for Mr. Reynolds to hear.
"I have no interest in you and your body", he replied harshly but refused to remove his hand from my back.
"Seems like the exact opposite from your statement ", I brought up the debate. He looked towards me and smirked and then started walking again. We both gave one last pose which was favorable because Mr. Reynolds's hands were still on my back and I couldn't shout or create a scene.
"This is epic ", the photographer took the last picture and looked towards us with a grin. I exactly knew what he meant, the person from the media looked at us, like a teenage girl looks, with all smiles and curiosity towards a pregnant woman, who isn't married, and is underage.
"Pack up", Mr. Reynolds looked around and said in a high-pitched voice. Within 5 minutes everyone moved away from the auditorium. The only people that were present were me and him.
"Stop playing the role of a man-whore", I tried moving his hand away but my strength was lesser than his.
He looked at me while raising his right brows and said "Oh really"
"Of course, actions speak", I tried adding proverbs.
"If that would be the case then my hands would be on your butt or your boobs, don't you yet get it ", he looked at me with a question mark on his face.
"Maybe you decided to start with my back", I was now annoyed "Just let go of your hands.
"Fine", he left the grip of his hand from my which made me feel something. I felt lighter. I felt the fresh air-conditioned air traveling through my skin. The dress was worn out of my body. It was more of a wardrobe malfunction. I was annoyed by the fact that Mr. Reynolds saw me half-naked and assured by the fact that Mr. Reynolds was the only person who saw me that way.
"Oops ", Mr. Reynolds said with a sigh paired with a smirk and he tried hard to move his eyesight away, away from my skin. I could see him struggling. My face was firing red through my cheeks and my eyeballs were truly focused on the floor out of the excessive amount of shame.
"Oh, my Lord" I lifted my dress with my hands and didn't make any eye contact with him.
"I did take great advantage of you" he taunted and started walking away. I could see his sight disappearing from my eyes. I was extremely guilty of ranting on someone who protected my image in front of so many people. I wanted to say sorry but I was too shy to face him after the awkward malfunction. Initially, he saw me in a bra at Pallapora town and now he saw me without it. Life was definitely playing some kind of dirty nude-game with me. I wished that dress came in along with a sleeveless bra.
"Mr. Reynoooooooolds", I ran towards him leaving my heels on the floor and catching my dress firmly. He turned around half and stopped walking.
"Th-Thank you so much" I stammered as I was breathing heavily. His face showed that he knew that an apology was coming.
"It was obvious that I was protecting the reputation of my company so don't mind", he turned me around and ran his hands through my naked back. I felt those creatures again in my stomach and I yet refused to accept that they were butterflies. 
Mr. Reynolds's touch on my skin was gentle, his cologne was strong enough for me to wander and get lost in a dream world. He always smelled so good. He tightened up the dress from both of his hand, the grip definitely hurt me, but I decided to stay calm. I later heard a tuck type of noise. I knew that Mr. Reynolds had pinned up the loosened broach again so I let go of my hands from my chest.
I turned around, my eyes focused straight on his eyes. They say eye contact is the most intimidating of all. Well, it was true, it felt better, better than the kiss I shared with James.
"You always save me ", I so wanted to say these lines but I controlled, I didn't even utter a single word. This moment felt better in silence.
"Hey! Amanda you looked so gorgeous today, I mean you do look now too ", James interrupted the moment and pulled me towards him. We were alarmed by his voice, so we looked in every direction except each other.
"Oh, thanks a ton!" I fake smiled as I looked at him.
Mr. Reynolds looked towards us and then walked away after a while. No-one stopped him, I saw him disappearing away from my eyesight.
"So are you free tonight, after work?" James questioned pulling me closer through my back. Then something clicked me, I remembered everything that I had forgotten about. I knew that I had to pay a visit to his house to do further investigations but I wasn't ready for having a night-stand with him yet.
"MM- hmm ", I nodded.
"So dinner or movie ", he re-questioned.
"Maybe at your place ", I answered with a smirk and a seductive face.
"Someone's getting naughty! " James pecked me on my forehead. One thing was very sure that I will never sleep with him in any circumstance.
###chapter 26
AMANDA'S POV

"Oh, my God, you aren't auditioning for the slow and the studious ", I used the reference of the movie 'the fast and the furious ' and looked towards James who was driving the car at the least possible speed ever.
"But if I drive fast baby girl, I won't be able to smell you, smell my favorite cologne which you're wearing right now", James took a glimpse of me and refocused his attention towards driving. The irony was that I wasn't wearing perfume so the only thing that I started thinking was, 'is he liking the smell of my sweat?'
"Says the biggest flirt ever", it took me a while to respond. James was a really bad driver. He glanced at me after every minute, which annoyed the fuck out of me. 
"I don't want to die, pay attention to the road", I tried to alarm him. I wanted to break every bone in his body, cut his dick off, and to punch his nose with all the strength I had.
"It'll be a pleasure dying for you, rose ", he looked at me, as he grinned" You are gonna die like an old lady in bed, you hear m?"
I made an ugly constipated face "You're serious? Life isn't titanic and plus don't expect me to reciprocate your statement using the term 'jack' ", I highlighted the word jack making it sound a bit rude. His expressions showed that he didn't seem to care about my stubborn behavior at all.
"You're so unromantic", he kept his focus over the turning point with his hands over the gears.
"If that's a compliment, then thank you", I kept silent for a while and later replied to his statement because I didn't want him to divert his attention. 
"Almost home baby girl, get ready for some spicy fun", he rotated the steering wheel from left to right and then completed the slight turn with left again. His statement was half satisfying to my ears and heart as I knew spicy shit was expected, but fun was something I'd never imagine of having at his place, with him. I could sit silently with Mr. Reynolds for hours and enjoy the peace of time, but with James, I felt like stabbing him in his stomach, every time he appeared in front of me. 
"Yeah, amazing fun, like seriously, fun on another level", I tried my best not to pinch up sarcasm in my tone.
"And here we go", he stopped the car by removing the keys and placing them in his pocket. He opened my side of the door and acting like a true gentleman, which he obviously wasn't. He was a dick and a prick. He played with my sister and now he was intending to play with me too. So, I decided to play with him instead.
I exited the car carefully, distanced myself from James, and started walking a bit faster than him so that I could avoid his touch over my body. I could hear his slow footsteps towards me. I kept my eyes on the floor and pretended to hold a poker face. When I looked upwards, I could see James opening the lock of the door. I was scared and I knew it, my heart was racing faster than ever but I gathered the courage to handle the situation.
I walked slightly slower than my previous walking speed. James suddenly grabbed me by my arm and closed the doorknob by cross confirming first that whether it was perfectly locked or not. I traced his house through my eyes, every corner of it. It was huge and perfectly decorated. I walked through the hallway settling myself into one of the couch in the living room. There was a stair which could lead us to the second floor of the mansion.
"That's my room", James caught my view when I was looking towards the upper rooms.
"mmhmm", I nodded, "I'm actually a bit thirsty", I continued.
"I'll get us drinks", I raised my brows towards him "Joking, I'll get my baby girl water, don't worry", he patted my back and left towards the kitchen.
I quickly stood up as soon as his view disappeared and was no longer visible to my eyeballs. I looked at every possible place, starting with the desks and then continuing with the TV's trolley. This took me around 5 minutes so I settled quickly because I could feel his footsteps graduating in my direction.
"Thank you", I grabbed the glass and gulped the whole of water in one sip.
"Control baby girl", he patted my back when I coughed continuously. I coughed more when I could feel his cologne. It was pathetic, just like his touch. I couldn't just push him away but I so wanted to every time I heard 'baby girl' from his mouth. It sounded more like a curse word.
"I'm okay! Thank you", I took a deep breath in order to feel comfortable."Don't worry", I stepped back, away from him. It annoyed me, though it was a genuine gesture.
###chapter 27
I then started looking towards everywhere at his place "Let me help you with the tour of my small house", he exaggerated the word small. We both knew that he was just hyperbolizing the statement because his house was big enough.
"Sure", I smirked. I then started walking beside him. He marched forward and I trailed him from the back.
"This is my kitchen, I don't know how to cook but this place is very important", he opened the fridge, removed some chocolates, and threw it towards me. I caught them quickly and started eating it. They were extremely tasty. There was some sort of Arabic written over it so I figured out that these chocolates were imported.
"Thank you", I appreciated.
"Always", he pulled me closer and wiped off the chocolate which rested on my chin with his left hand seductively in a slow motion.
I smiled dramatically stretching my lips forcefully. I then apart away from him, without creating much of a fussy moment, as I didn't want to add on my series of clumsy moments.
"So are you planning to give me a tour of your gigantic house or are we just going to eat chocolates in your kitchen?" I questioned while pulling him away from the kitchen, well, it wasn't one of those physical pulls. I tried pulling him out through my words. No, wasn't interested to make out with the-bad-guy-James, I just wanted to stalk the hell out of his house.
"Or we can skip the house tour part and I can directly show you my bedroom", James smirked giving a hint of naughtiness on his face.
"How very intimate", I was straightforward enough to pull him down along with his words.
"Or maybe just romantic!" he drew me closer through my arms. A thought escaped my mind, of skipping directly to the bedroom rather than wasting any more time in his house, so, I pulled the collars of his shirt and made my body touch his. I could feel the look on his face. He was definitely high, high on sex.
"Bedroom, eh...?" I questioned by lowering my voice seductively and running the strap of my dress off the shoulders showing off a bit of cleavage. I could feel his sexual desires being charged up.
"Of course baby girl", he lifted me up in his arms and walked straight upstairs without stopping for a minute. I was scared and worried at the same time. I wanted to give up on this plan, but I also wanted to know the exact truth, to know that what actually was wrong with this guy, who is such huge deceit, and who is planning and plotting against the people I care about. I did care a lot about Mr. Reynolds, though he's been a pain in the ass lately. He's saved me when I required me and he certainly owed me a lot. Maybe, now was my time.
He opened the door of his bedroom, which had a massive bed with posters of bands and semi-naked girls. I twirled my eyes around and did quick breathing exercises in order to calm self down. He finally lifted me down carefully and without waiting for another second, pushed the dress down. His hands traveled from my arms to my waist. Only my black bra could be seen which showcased a huge amount of cleavage. He planted small kisses on my neck, on my collarbone, and sucked the upper part of my cleavage.
The situation was gross, intimate, difficult, and uneasy. Whatever I intended to do had to be quick. I coughed dramatically, "Can I have water?" I questioned him. I first analyzed the room and made sure that there was no bottle or jug of water. After assuring myself, I brought up this act.
James was alarmed by my coughing, so he stopped his hand gestures which were now making way towards my intimate areas. "I'll get you water, easy baby girl!" James started walking towards the kitchen which was downstairs. 
I kept coughing but also looked around everywhere in his room for clues. I saw some papers after lifting the cushions of his bed. I quickly snapped each picture from my phone's camera and decided to read it after reaching home safely. After capturing each of those papers, I quickly placed them the same way as they were and turned around to see if I could find anything else which could help. 
Within a while, James was back with a bottle of water and an empty glass. He quickly emptied the water and gestured it towards me. I gulped the whole of it and took a seat on the bed. I placed my hands on my head pretending I was in pain.
"You okay, baby girl?" he caressed my back and rubbed it continuously.
"To be honest, I'm not. Take me home, please. I guess I am having low blood pressure", I looked down and refused to make any further eye contact with him. His touch yet lingered in my body. The first thing I intended to do after reaching home was to wash my body thrice.
"Okay! Come on", he helped me with my moves so that I didn't collapse.
"I'm so sorry for spoiling this night", I made a guilty face. 
"Don't be", the rest of the journey was silent. I did spoil his horny mood after all. We reached my house after a couple of minutes. I waved him goodbye with a side-hug. He was sweet and cunning at the same time. I would've definitely felt that love kind of feeling if I would've been unaware of his evil double face. 
I hopped on my bed after having a shower, as I mentioned thrice. I put on a comfortable nightgown. I placed my head on my pillow for a while to stable my position which was uneasy after being touched by that pervert. The touch wasn't one of those normal ones. It was one of an intentional one on my intimate areas, precisely my breasts and um, the part I shouldn't be talking about. I quickly detached my phone from the charger and decided to go through the pictured I discovered under James's cushions. 
I was utterly shocked after looking upon my notifications. It read "25 missed calls from Mr. Richie Rich". I quickly called him, realizing the trouble I was going to face paired with a 10-minute long sarcastic lecture. Finally, he picked up after it ringed three times.
"Hello, Miss. Waters, it's so good to hear your voice. You're definitely getting an incentive", I could sense the sarcasm from the other side of the phone. 
"I'm sorry Sir! Is something urgent?" I questioned.
"Well, all those 25 calls contain good night messages for you, right Miss Waters?" I knew that a straight answer was definitely not coming.
"I apologize again", I kept silent for a while so that he gets some space to state reasons for the urgency at this hour of the night.
"Are you dating James?" his question shook me because this was personal, plus I never thought Mr. Reynolds would actually care.
"Excuse me", I coughed "this is personal", I offended.
###chapter 28
"Well, not anymore! James has you in his profile picture plus your lips are almost pursed on his", I went back, in the memory lane, but couldn't find an actual moment in which we clicked a picture like such. Did he have cameras in his bedroom? Oh no, that way, he'll know that I stalked his stuff. A part of me was happy, that I didn't allow him to go off-limits. I was happy because it was just a kiss, and I was sad because it was an actual 'kiss'. The 'touch' part didn't count because it wasn't as per my consent.
"I swear, I am not dating him!" I tried convincing Mr. Reynolds. It felt bad somewhere because I did not want Mr. Reynolds to think about me that way.
"That's your personal life like you said! I called to tell you that as per the contract you cannot date anyone from the office premises. I hope I am clear enough", he cleared his throat. His words were crystal clear to me, I replied with a "Yes sir. I won't give you another reason to complain".
I canceled the call after hearing an 'okay' from him. I never expected a goodnight anyway. I felt bad for being accused of a relationship I wasn't into. It wasn't the first time that he judged me, but somewhere it felt wrong deep within. 
I wanted to cry but I controlled it because it wasn't the perfect time. I controlled myself and opened my gallery, in order to analyze the pictures. I read every sentence one by one. Every word on it was crazy enough to knock me down, with a hammer of course. It read "I, Aaron Reynolds, in all my senses want to handover my entire property, from a small nail till my office building, to Mr. James", the first line was clear enough for me to understand everything. The letter consisted of 4 pages, but the first page was clear enough for me to understand the agenda behind it.
I at once tried calling Mr. Reynolds back but none of my calls were being answered so I decided to directly meet him the following morning

***

AMANDA'S POV
I unwrapped myself from the blanket I was curled upon with thoughts that devastated the situation of my mind. I could not sleep because of all the drama I faced last night, it was disturbing me. A simple question rotated in my mind, that, how could a childhood best friend betray someone this badly? Money spoke, it always did.
It was 7 in the morning. I unlocked my phone and texted an "I love you ", to my fags aka Gina and Francis. I knew that they were sleeping but I could see the delivery message so I just hanged up my phone and kept it in the bag. I was read, in my cotton flowered one piece. I paired with a simple braid and flat sandals.
I decided to skip college, being aware of the fact, that I was missing a lot of studies. I had to focus on an even important issue. I knew that my sister's whole life would be a complete wreck if I didn't open her eyes soon plus it would be easier for Sam to abort, after her encountering James's true face. Well, thinking about Mr. Reynolds, he owed me so much. Undoubtedly, he's a jerk, but a respectful one, in a good way. I could not let anything bad happen to him as well.
I quickly stuffed some biscuits in my mouth so that I don't starve out of hunger. I swung my sling bag on my shoulder and double-checked that it had my phone, as it was the only evidence, which was proof. Without it, Mr. Reynolds wouldn't even consider listening to me. I did make a copy of those pictures and attached it to my laptop so that if in case I lost the pictures, I had a backup.
I took a taxi but then something vibrated on my lap. I knew it was my phone, on analyzing it, I realized that it was a call from James. I was uncertain regarding the main subject of his call. My hands shivered when I tried answering it.
"Hello", I finally dragged the call button right.
"Don't you dare act smart with me Amanda Waters, I know that you've stalked my room and found evidence, now that you know something, let me tell you, that you don't know everything"
"Everything...?" I questioned gathering my guts. How much worse could the story get?
"I'll buzz you a small video on your phone right now, check it fast while I call you back in a minute", he canceled the phone and I could already see a video message notification.
I opened the video and I was more than shocked to see that the video consisted of my sister, my Samarrah. They were basically lip-locking with each other with open mouth. James's hands were doing the talking. They traveled on every part of her body. I was devastated by the video, it seemed like a nightmare to me. The message behind it was pretty clear, that if I exposed him to Mr. Reynolds, he'll do the same with my sister in an uglier way by leaking the sex tape in public.
And my phone rang again. I quickly answered it by dragging the cursor to the right. "What kind of human are you?" I had no time to punctuate my sentence so I completed it without doing much of respiratory exercises. I was completely mad at him and I was pretty sure that the call was from James.
"I may be evil, but yes, you could be a reflective version of it if you exposed me in front of your so-called boss because after you do that", I could feel him grinning on the other side of the phone "I have to, sooner or later upload the whole complete version of this sex tape on every social networking site", he continued.
"No, you please do not do that", I was silently crying. 
"Then lock up your tongue as what you saw was just a theatrical trailer. I have made some copies of it on my laptop as well, so you better shut the fuck up"
"I swear I won't utter a word", I replied instinctively.
"Meet me in an hour at Orad Cafe, dare being late, he warned me.
I signaled the taxi driver to take a U-turn as Orad cafe was on the opposite side of the town, completely far from my office. I knew that going there was dangerous but I didn't have any other choice too.
"Check my laptop and take it to Mr. Reynolds if necessary, URGENT", I texted my fags so that in case something wrong happened to me, they could alert my boss. I checked upon the delivery status and sighed out of relief when it notified 'success'.
"I can be a bit late today, I apologize already", I dropped a text message on Mr. Reynolds's number. It took me exactly 15 minutes to reach my destination. James wasn't anywhere around so I relaxed and ordered a coffee for myself. I wanted to explain to James, that what he was doing was wrong. I had a 0.01 percent hope that this motherly type of holy lecture would certainly work. I couldn't look at the cons of this situation so I was satisfied with the pros.
"Hello baby girl", this word annoyed me more than anything could ever. James took a seat in front of me and grabbed the coffee mug. I hated his guts and his existence. Mother earth would feel light and relieved if he died.
"Look James, this thing would lead you nowhere, okay?" I breathed deep.
He sipped my coffee "It led me to you" he looked at me and continued "Look Amanda once I get everything that Reynolds has, I can rule and have the most luxurious life ever. We can share that life. I do have feelings for you. I never wanted to blackmail you. It was just because of the circumstances. Forgive me, baby girl?"
I quickly dragged my hand away from his "You are the only person Mr. Reynolds trusts. He considers you his brother. Please don't break that trust. I beg of you"
"That's the reason I dislike him, he takes away everything I like", he paused for a while "You included", he resumed.
Do I like Mr. Reynolds? Why do I even act so possessive when it comes to him? Why does he matter so much? I questioned myself infinite times but was unable to find answers to it. No, I couldn't label the feelings as an attraction. 
"I'm just very loyal towards my Job", I replied without any hesitation. He looked at me, straight in my eyes, so I tried to look away. Every time he looked at me, I felt suffocated. It felt like someone was choking me to death. 
"Can be seen", he looked at me vigorously, his eyeballs twirling and examining every intimate area of mine.
"You keep my secret and I'll keep yours, fair deal", I stood straight and ironed my dress while standing up straight. James stood in synchronization with me, came closer and caught me through the back of my hair, and certainly pulled it too. It caused me pain, but I didn't utter a single word because I didn't want him to consider me weak and fragile "I dare you baby girl. I'll make your life a living hell if you speak to Aaron anything regarding this topic", he pulled my hair harder this time and took the lead.
I followed him slowly and tried my best to avoid making any noise whilst walking. He opened the door of his car's passenger seat and directed me to walk in. I quickly took a seat and buckled the seat belt. On closing the door, within a minute, he hopped on the driver's seat. Before driving, he quickly attached a pen drive to the on-screen music player and loaded it with pop music online.
###chapter 29
"So that my baby girl does not get bored", he looked towards me and smiled. I could sense the evil grin behind it. Initially, I could hear just some slight awkward voices but after taking a glimpse of the screen, I saw the extended version of the video.
"You're such a man-whore" I turned my head in his direction, and cursed him out loud, because his smell was causing difficulty in my breathing. 
''Focus on that sensuous video and think about sharing the bed with me. Even the thought makes the dick in my pants bulge", he smirked showing off his teeth. If only I could punch them out.
"I am on my words, you don't need to snooze up the reminder calls in different ways", I turned the video off by switching the red power button. 
"Save your sister baby girl ", he looked straight while driving. I pouted in annoyance and turned my head towards the window. It was getting really difficult for me to tolerate him. We reached in a while, because of the speed at which he was driving.
I rushed out through the door and walked faster because I didn't really intend to walk along with James. I took the elevator, rushed into my cabin that instant, and made sure that the door was locked because the least I wanted was to be followed by James.
And then, I heard a knock at the door. I took slow steps and opened it hesitantly. I was quite sure that it was James. "Look James, I'm officially done with tolerating your annoying behavior", I pointed at that man's chest with my pointer finger. I rotated my eyes for eye contact but then I quickly positioned my finger on realizing that he wasn't James.
"I'm so sorry Mr. Reynolds, I had no idea it was you", my situations were always messy with him.
"Miss Waters, I'm officially done with your sorry's", he tried mimicking me in an arrogant way.
"You could've mentioned your name", I debated.
"And you could've taken a closer view first before accusing someone of something", he bate my point.
"So are we here to debate again?" I questioned looking straight into his dark blue eyes, the one in which anyone could get lost in. 
"Follow my steps, till my cabin ", he turned around and started walking towards his cabin. I trailed his steps carefully. I was indecisive, but I couldn't derive a conclusion too. The thought of deceiving him troubled the smooth functioning of my mind. It felt like keeping an important part of information away from him, which he deserved to know.
When we were comforted at our desired places in his cabin, Mr. Reynolds switched his laptop and started explaining his business ventures. I listened to them without interrupting him, even for a minute. I even nodded when he looked in my direction, though I wasn't attentive. My mind couldn't stop but think about things, things I was facing lately.
"So we have to make a PowerPoint presentation based on this information?" I questioned.
"Yes of course", he answered.
"What role do I have to play in this venture?" I questioned him with a poker face.
"That's why I'm here, right?" he replied sarcastically.
Mr. Reynolds came closer and took charge of the seat next to me. He opened the files from the folders, and explained them to me, word by word, I lacked attention of course but I didn't show it on my face. I acted very casually in front of him. Suddenly, while my thoughts were basking in my head, I looked into Mr. Reynolds's eyes. They were loyal, real, and trustworthy. I wanted to tell him everything, but James's words circled around in my mind, again and again.
"Mr. Reynolds" I finally gathered courage.
"Yes, Miss Waters", he stopped explaining at once.
I turned around completely towards him and intertwined my fingers with his, and looked in his eyes "I'm so sorry. I'll be right back. Wait for me"
He obviously had that confused type of expression and I didn't expect any consoles from him either. He held me tight through my hands which comforted me a lot. "Sure take your time", I smiled whilst looking at him. My vision was already blurred because of the tears which were formed underneath my eyes.
I quickly ran towards James's cabin because now I wasn't scared of the truth, and I was ready to face it. I couldn't let James ruin Mr. Reynolds's hard work. It was his office and he rightfully owned it better than anyone.
"Guess what? Feel free to upload that video!" I pushed his cabin's door.
"What are you saying?, remember the vid", I cut James's words in the middle of his sentence
"Video...? Yeah, the video! Feel free to upload. Everyone has sex and there are like a million sex videos already on youtube, plus I don't find much charm in that video", I stood upright, with my chin tilted up.
"Think about it twice", he started coming towards me
"Thought about it more than 10 times", I back answered.
"Baby girl, don't do this. Okay?" he had something in his hand which was out of sight, from my vision.
"Guess what? I'm doing it right now. I turned around and started walking towards the exit.
"Bloody whore", James caught my hands from the back and pulled me extremely close. He dragged his scented handkerchief on my nose and pushed it until I inhaled that scent.
"Don't do this ", I murmured as my mouth was already possessed by his handkerchief.
"Can't take any risk at this situation ", my vision started blurring and my head started to pain very hard.
"Please", my words slowed down and so did my power to hold myself uptight. My legs felt like they had no life in them and my hands did the same. I collapsed within a while on the floor with my eyes closing along.
I woke up to darkness all around myself. I couldn't move even an inch. My legs were intertwined with a rope and my hands were behind my back roped up too. My lips were glued with a handkerchief so there were no chances of me to scream.
I could hear the noise of tire and wind, without any doubt I could guess that I was locked up behind some moving vehicle and was definitely taken somewhere. Maybe I was being choked to death out of my not so smart behavior. I wish I wouldn't have alarmed James about leaking the information to Mr. Reynolds.
The only person who was at loss now was me, and it was a win-win situation for James. He could easily cheat on Mr. Reynolds and also upload the sex-tape he was threatening me about.
I tried pushing myself towards the door from my back as I was in a sleeping position but the door was stubborn enough to even move an inch. Tears kept rolling continuously out of the negative thoughts which revolved around my mind. Suddenly, I felt a push which clearly meant that the driver had to stop the vehicle.
In a couple of minutes, I witnessed light-reflecting my eyes. With great pressure, I could see, because it was a sudden exposure to light after immense darkness. I tried rubbing my eyes whilst taking the help of my arms since both of my hands were tightly gripped because of the rope. "mmmmmmm" I tried shouting but all my words collapsed the moment they were initiated. I could only hymn like the cow.
"Stop moving, or you will hurt yourself", a tall dark manly guy tried pulling me out of the trunk of the car. I straightened myself in a stubborn position so as to get rid of his dirty hands over me. He definitely was stronger than me, as he pulled me up by resting his left hand on my neck, and the other one on my hips. His touch was disturbing and very annoying.
I twirled my eyeballs to figure out the exact location. It was a bushy place with long coconut trees and sand all around. It was the most deserted place I'd ever seen my entire life. There was no one visible except for the gang of hooligans who carried me. I kept still and keenly observed the place.
"Take her to the location carefully", the head of their gang passed me like a volley-ball to his mate after giving him clear instructions.
"Yes sir!", his companion obeyed him with all due respect. Three of their group members turned around and kept going in the opposite direction. I could hear the jeep moving so I knew that they left. The guy who carried me rotated his hands throughout my ass. I could sense that he was one hell of a filthy pervert just like his master.
###chapter 30
Within moments, I was tied to a rolling chair in some garage kind of dark place which smelled pathetic. I could feel my phone vibrate in my lap pocket so I kept silent and waited for the right moment. My hands and legs were tied to the chair tightly. They freed my mouth from the handkerchief and stuffed some pale bread in it, without my consent, and left, locking me in the garage alone.
I stretched my fingers trying to free my hands so I could at least make a phone call. With great efforts, I could remove the rope's grip over my left hand. I wasn't a left-hand person but I didn't waste time freeing my right hand so I opened my call logs. It was Mr. Reynolds's missed call on the notification screen, so I quickly connected the call without wasting any more time.
"Yes sleeping beauty", he sarcastically replied. "Hold on for a minute, James ", he stopped his conversation with James on the other side "So when will you be here?" he questioned me. I was alarmed by the fact that James was next to him, so I instinctively canceled the phone and tried connecting to Gina and Francis.
No one was able to pick the phone up so I tried to text them. I could hear the footsteps coming towards me, and I knew what it meant.
I quickly send lined up messages, whichever was appropriate, in our fag group as Mr. Reynolds could or couldn't receive the message.
"Help"
"napped"
"beachy garage "
"Please help"
Those were the only words that actually hit my mind that moment, so I quickly sent the messages in a row. Till the moment, the hooligans already entered the cell. They took my phone and hit it hard on the ground, which consequently broke into pieces. I was not sure that my message was actually delivered because I didn't receive a delivery notification. An ocean of negative thoughts started drifting through my mind.

***

Amanda's POV
{{A week later}}
"Hi! can anyone h-e-a-r me", I emphasized the adjective in my sentence loudly but to my melancholy, it was just the non-living things which existed in the room, to whom I was basically audible too. I felt disconsolate and shattered, and I knew that I was now into something which had no way out.
Somehow I had a small spark of positivity that maybe the message was delivered to the right people at the right time, and maybe my best friend's could unleash the Sherlock within them and give some serious reaction to the situation because basically half the time they thought that I was playing loose pranks which were something I didn't want to be mistaken with.
"Eat something", a man came towards me with a pack of chips.
"Go away", I shouted.
"Do as instructed, cunt", he opened the packet of chips and stuffed them in my mouth to which I was grateful because I haven't eaten to my appetite ever since I got here, but to my discontent, they were tasteless and spicy. "If I order something, you have to agree to it otherwise I know how to fulfill my wishes."
I spat all the chips after eating a bit which he stuffed in my mouth, on his torso, as he was in a standing position. I regretted so much that I couldn't spit it on his face. "And I know exactly how to disobey your orders."
He came extremely close to me, our nose almost touching. "We'll see to it, baby whore", he smirked and left without uttering another word.
I was awakened from my quick nap when I heard footsteps coming towards me. The voice increased every consequent second which gave me chills through my spine, because the fact that I was staying locked with unknown men, made me question my virginity.
It was quite dark so the vision was blurry enough for me to recognize their faces, but, I somehow managed to arise the karate kid within me to offend the person who was coming in my direction, because the least I wanted was to be molested and lose virginity to someone who was completely unknown to me, not that I'll sleep with any known person. I believed in losing virginity to someone special, who I could count on, for the rest of my life. My thoughts were a bit of old fashioned, in this century.
The person was just one hand distance away from me. I tried to push him with my face, which kind of rested harsh on his stomach. I kept hitting him twice, thrice, and continuously.
"Do not utter a word", my lips were pursed with the strong man's hand. His touch and voice felt familiar to me. I quickly paved my eyeballs towards him, but to my bewilderment, it was Mr. Reynolds. 
Tears of joy flow through my eyes. I couldn't wipe them off because my hands were possessed by a rope. "Free me?" I cleared my throat, wiping off the tears from my cheek with the help of my shoulders.
"Don't command Miss Waters", he instinctively started to unfold the rope by loosening the clove hitch. He then loosened each loop through the other loop making the operation a major success.
Tears started to roll through my eyes because of the excess pressure that the rope possessed over my skin, which led to bruises all over my arms. My hands and legs developed a blackish and bluish color over my skin, due to lack of oxygen in the area of the bruises. Mr. Reynolds had saved me a lot many times but this time, he felt like family. Like someone, I would have never imagined being saved by.
Without considering anything else, I rested my face on his chest and extended my hands to his neck so that I could have a tighter grip on myself. Though, as much I wanted a friendlier hug, but the situation was already full of complexion. It felt like I had no energy in my body, which kind of gave me a feeling that my legs were paralyzed.
I knew that I was overthinking about it, but my legs were unable to behold my entire body. It felt like they were frozen.
"You okay?" Mr. Reynolds quickly supported me through his arms. 
"I'm not fine, to be honest", I tried not to be sarcastic but what kind of a person asks such a question. It's like asking someone to go on a world tour, who is on a ventilator.
He quickly lifted me in his arms and rushed towards the door "Stay firm, don't keep moving"
I nodded to his instructions and tried turning myself into a mannequin which was very difficult for me because I was habitual to making movements in my body every second minute. 
"Tie both of them and wait for Boss", an ugly, tall, dark, and bold muscular man instructed his fellow hooligans, and alarmed towards us instinctively, after pushing at the main door harshly.
Mr. Reynolds placed me softly on the ground over the grass straws and turned around towards the men extending his arms signaling them to stay backward. "How much money do you want to get over us?" he removed his cheque-book, after questioning.
"Loyalty matters and we have already given our word to our boss, that we will keep the girl with us until he signals to free her", he turned and looked towards me and continued " We were not going to harm the girl anyways", he marched towards Mr. Reynolds and caught him from his collars, uplifting him a bit "We can't do any harm to you as instructed by our Boss, because he certainly wants o harm you himself, so we have to wait till then"
"I wish loyalty mattered to your Boss as much as it matters to you", he contradicted his statement pushing him backward and punching him on his chest, followed by his stomach ."Dare touch me again", he warned them by pushing him so hard that he directly got laid on the ground.
The tall dark man came towards me after giving Mr. Reynolds an enraging look. He later tied me to the pole by giving me a push from his legs, which was one hand distance away from me. "Don't you dare", Mr. Reynolds warned those men again.
"Is she your love interest? Because I am basically going to be rewarded by an oscar tonight, as soon as Boss makes an entry here", he removed a small pocket knife from his key chain "which is probably going to be her", he ripped off my right arm's sleeves which exposed the skin. I tried to cover my thighs whilst stretching the skirt from my teeth, as I was wearing a cotton knee-length dress, which I was probably wearing for a week. Ew.
###chapter 31
"Not an issue baby girl", he looked at me, pleasurably. If only he could rape me with his eyes.
"Go away", I frowned and spat, this time on his face.
"I will look upon that whore in nearby future", he told his companion and started to walk away. "Lock the doors from outside and guard them until Boss appears", he signaled his fellow mates. 
"Look what you have bought us into", Mr. Reynolds waited for everyone to leave and then took charge over me.
"W-WHAT? I didn't invite you here. You see I don't even have my phone. They broke it. It took a 3-month internship for me to purchase that phone", I tried keeping my point.
"Seriously Waters. All you care about is your phone. How very impressive?" he fake smiled. 
"You didn't have to be here. I did all this for my family. For...", I paused for a while "For you, Mr. Reynolds"
Mr. Reynolds looked at me for a while with a straight face and then replied "I got a call from a guy, who addressed him as your best friend", I nodded waiting for him to continue "We decided upon a place to meet and talk. We were joined by a girl too, at the gathering. She had evidence", he looked towards the ground "evidence about someone who I claimed as my brother, and who was the sole person I trusted upon" I could feel his voice turning low.
"Hey! Mr. Reynolds, it's okay!", I tried consoling.
"And no one gives you permission, to risk your life here, for me Miss. Waters", anger could be felt from his voice.
"I - I", my mouth just felt short for words, so I paused for like minutes and continued "My sister was included into all of this" I narrated him the whole story of perverted James, explaining to him briefly about every incident that happened before being kidnapped.
"But you didn't even consider talking to me about it", he yet sounded angry. 
"I tried", I cut his sentence "I tried, but then got into this "
"Should've texted me", he opposed my sentence.
"Thought a meeting would be appropriate", I kept my point "So how does James know about you knowing everything", I questioned interrupting the silence. 
"Your phone call gave him a clue, God Damn it. He was suspicious since then. I somehow tried to fool him by calling it a business meeting of me getting away, from town, but then I was caught up by the guards"
"Did you inform the police about it?" I interrupted.
"I was going to, but then, I didn't want to alarm James about it. I just hope that your friends call the cops"
"Can I ask you one last question?"
"You wouldn't stop anyway. Carry on", he nodded.
"How did you know that I was here and why didn't my friends come to save me instead?" I raised my eyebrows.
"I suppose you wanted one answer", he raised his right eyebrow and continued "Because I am Aaron Reynold's. I have one whole technical team", he started to flaunt his rich identity "I warned your friends to stay away from this situation. They looked quite innocent too" he looked towards me "In fact, they were so innocent that they even tried to contact your mom and tell her about it"
"Did they?" I questioned expecting a positive answer which favored my side.

***

"I stopped them and assured them that I'll get you home safe. There's one whole contract whose conditions you have to satisfy, and I couldn't let you run away from it yet "
"This isn't some joke Mr. Reynolds"
"Exactly", he frowned "this could've been easier if you would have shared things with me earlier", he contradicted my statement.
"I thought I could manage to save my family and", I inhaled deeply "and you, of course, you have helped me all the time. I'm always in trouble. My clumsiness has always created problems for me", a tear rolled through my eyes. I turned around because I didn't want to act weak in front of him.
"So now if you have all your answers, Miss. Waters can we try to find a way out?" he tried to make the situation lighter and tried moving but the rope was tightly gripped to his body.
"Maybe I can try harder", I tried moving a bit, since I could do a bit of movement. I took charge of my neck chain from my mouth and caught it tightly between my lips and rubbed it over the cord to and fro for a couple of minutes.
"You even think, this is going to help. Your chain isn't sharp enough", he sounded so disinterested in my plan but I kept trying.
After like 10 minutes there was a cut on the rope "keep doing", he cheered out of excitement. I so wanted to do a quick hair flip but I tried to be focused on my goals. After applying continuous pressure, the rope got chopped. I freed my legs by unfolding the rope and crawled towards Mr, Reynolds as I was yet unable to stand accurately. 
"Impressive", he helped me untangling himself from the rope force. We were both free now. Mr. Reynolds started to look around so that we could possibly find some way to escape.
"Oh look there's a small window there, behind the exhaust fan", he pointed towards the fan which was covered with dust and was almost invisible.
I took Mr. Reynolds's hand and caught him tight so that he couldn't move any further. "Please listen to me for once", I instinctively replied so that he couldn't think any negative about me.
"MM HMM ", he nodded which clearly meant that I should speak without wasting any more time.
"Do me a favor. Please-Please let go of me, don't take me along. I can't really walk or run nicely. It can create a problem for both of us, so please GO Aaron. Please", I exaggerated the word 'please'. 
Mr. Reynolds looked into my eyes for a moment and then started to march towards the window. He quickly unscrewed everything and pushed the fan out with the help of a stick. He hopped up to see if there was anyone closer to that space and whether it was safe for him to sneak out. He then turned around and came running towards me and uplifted me through my thighs resting my stomach on his right shoulder.
"stop right now", I tried not to shout.
"Make me", he pushed me up with all his strength "Try not to make any noise. Just jump", I did what I was instructed about. My legs did hurt me after the jump but that pain was nothing more than the thought of being sexually harassed by unknown men.
Mr. Reynolds jumped at the moment after me. "I'll try walking", I took shelter from the wall and tried standing up. It did hurt but I had to show courage. I couldn't just be troublesome to Mr. Reynolds for being a complete gentleman.
"With this speed Miss. Waters, either one of us is going to die. I am the one they'll hunt for sure", he came closer and picked me up with both of his hands. "Careful", he signaled me as my balance shook for a moment.
"I can't thank you enough", I looked at him but didn't get the courage to thank him loud because I knew he'd give a sarcastic reply no matter how much he'd be meaning the same thing.
###chapter 32
He looked at me in my eyes, with a confused look "What are you smiling at, and did you say something?"
"AH! Nothing", I looked away. Every girl must have heard the proverb 'eye contacts are way sexier than a naked man could ever be', well this was something which turned out to be true. 
Mr. Reynolds started to walk as fast as he could. He was unable to run as I was on top of him but he took long strides, which could compensate his running speed. After walking for a while, I realized that we were somewhere within the bushes. We could see no houses, no vehicles, and no humans.
It felt like we were into some rough forest as we were surrounded by trees. "I hope there are no wild animals here" I broke the silence.
"No one could be as scarier as you", he replied instinctively with a smirk.
"That is so rude", I pouted.
"Maybe you should start exercising and put off some weight", he changed the topic.
"This is one level plus rude, people say I'm underweight. How do you even have the guts to call a skinny girl fat?" I offended.
"Ouch, that definitely hurt you", he laughed and turned away.
"Shush", Mr. Reynolds settled me on the ground and stopped my lips from moving with his hands. "Do you hear the noise ?" we could hear some sort of a growling noise.
"Stay calm", Mr. Reynolds whispered and intertwined my hands with his to comfort me as I was shivering already! 

***

AMANDA'S Pov

"Don't make any noise", he pursed my lips with his hand.
"Am I not allowed to breathe?" I rhetorically questioned frowning.
He pointed towards the direction the voice echoed from "Then die alone because I clearly have an empire to handle", he turned towards the voice's direction again.
"Well basically, James can look after your empire very nicely", I taunted and looked away. The voice came closer and closer consequently.
Small droplets started to form on my forehead out of anxiousness. "Okay. This is scaring me", I whispered in Mr. Reynold's ears.
"Shush", he interrupted, and now we could clearly see a predominantly dark, richly brown-colored, moderately sized sub-specie with dark claws. Mr. Reynold's twirled his eyeballs from left to right giving me a signal to stay calm and hold my breath if the creature comes any closer.
I was laying on the ground sticking my back on the huge tree, while Mr. Reynold's back rested on mine, our knees were slightly flexed. He gave me an inward position so as to either protect me or avoid my clumsy nature. My heart kept plummeting after the creature's every consequent step.
I caught Mr. Reynold's hand as tightly as I could. Mr. Reynold gave me a sarcastic look trying to control all his anger but stayed as calm as he could. I hid in his chest as I couldn't bear the animal's face or the thought of him eating us alive. Mr. Reynolds kept his hand on my head to comfort me. He even softly patted.
The thought that Mr. Reynolds was consoling me was scarier than the huge animal. He has always been a complete gentleman when it came to protecting me, but then he has also been a complete jerk, so I never completely got to know what kind of a person he actually was, but I was learning after noticing his little gestures.
Mr. Reynolds later moved his hands from my head freeing me. I lifted my head slightly up, our nose almost touching. I could feel him breathe. "Did it go?" I whispered cautiously.
"Stay in that position. Although he is not clearly visible to my eyes, it's better to stay sure, because, even a little wrong move can cost us our lives", he looked at me, in my eyes, while my baby hair kept traveling on his face subject to the cold breeze.
"Uhmm-mm", I nodded without causing any further movement in my body. My face was yet on his chest, I kept it that way as I was aware of my clumsy nature plus I didn't want to overhear negative things about me from Mr. Reynolds's mouth again and again. We stayed in that position silently for almost 15 to 20 minutes.
"I guess he left", Mr. Reynolds separated me from himself.
"Yes, he left us alive!" I grinned
"Maybe you should practice on your jokes", Mr. Reynolds dusted himself from top to bottom.
"Or maybe you should remove your coat because the only people you can have a meeting herewith will be wild animals", I tried mimicking him "speaking of which, you have any idea which type of an animal it was?"
Mr. Reynolds took off his coat and threw it on the ground "It was a Eurasian bear", he even removed his socks and wore his shoes all over again.
"Bear what?" I interrogated.
"The Eurasian brown bear is from the family of bears Ursidae and is one of the subspecies of the brown bear, Ursus arctos", he answered.
"Woah! You're definitely blessed with a lot of general knowledge", I raised my brows "I must say you must've never skipped any serial from national geographic"
He looked at me, his eyes shined "Yes, I saw it every day with my mo-", he cut his word and regained his original harsh tone "none of your concern Miss Waters, and thanks, but we should keep walking and finding a way before the hooligans track us down"
I agreed with his sentence. It was getting dark now, and the moonlight guided us. Mr. Reynolds bent down and started to rub two stones in order to generate fire "I hope this works", he kept rubbing the stones.
"It has to", I confirmed and within moments there was a small ignition of the fire. Mr. Reynolds pushed the wood stick against the fire spot. There was a flame on the stick which generated a certain amount of light which could be helpful for us to walk and stay protected from the animals.
My leg was severely debilitated, but I gained courage somehow and took shelter from Mr. Reynolds's hand whilst walking. We kept walking for a while without talking with each other. We could only hear the birds chirping, the voice of the dry leaves which encountered our feet, and the soothing dry breeze.
"The more we walk, the deeper the bushes get", I disrupted the silence.
###chapter 33
"Certainly you have a point, but we don't have many choices to make until we find a highway", he picked up a long stick from the ground and moved things playfully with it whilst his other hand had the fire-stick which he later handed to me. For a moment I wondered that, is he the impudent boss I was walking with?
"You look amazing", I turned sideways towards him and complimented.
"Maybe I always do Miss Waters", he smirked pushing his dark brown hair back into a spike.
"This certainly is not even closer to what office is, so, you can call me Amanda", I smiled "plus this even restricts you to command me to do something", I raised my brows "and even if you command, I am not listening to you" I continued showcasing a fake smile.
"Well! that's against my ethics, Miss Waters. I give you a certain amount of respect when I call you with a prefix attached to 'Miss'", he loosened up his topmost 3 buttons which could now show some amount of his torso.
It was extremely difficult for me to give up on this gaze, he looked so fine. His dark blue eyes shined from reflections of the moonlight. His messy hair was sexy enough to turn any girl loco but I had to control my emotions. "Control Amanda", I directed my conscious. I quickly turned my glances away when he caught me staring at him.
"We should find ourselves a shelter for this night, probably", Mr. Reynolds suggested.
"OH! do you want me to reserve online so that we could check-in?" I questioned sarcastically.
"Irrelevant", he marched ahead leaving me behind.
"Don't you now think of leaving me here alone", I warned and caught up with his speed and later his arms.
"...so very annoying", he remarked.
"Learning from the best", I instinctively replied. We kept walking for minutes looking for someplace to spend the night safely. My legs were losing their capacity to walk after every consequent step. I didn't show it on my face, though my expressions could say it all.
"Oh look there's a small grassy house right there", I pointed towards the house and marched in that direction.
"It could be dangerous, calm down!" Mr. Reynolds followed me instinctively as he tried warning me.
In a while, we were at the doorway. I tried to push it, but couldn't. It didn't move, even an inch "Maybe it is a bit jam", I examined closely.
"so maybe I should contact a carpenter", he sarcastically remarked whilst shifting me from the main doorway. He then took a position and kicked the door as hard as he could. To our discontent, it didn't move to the slightest. I started to laugh, but then his exasperated face made me shut my mouth. He kept on kicking the door for like three to four times. The jam loosened up a bit, so he kept on kicking, and finally, after like ten attempts, the door knocked off.
"Bravo! Mr. Reynolds", I clapped and hopped out of joy. He looked at me, with his judgemental eyes, so I quickly discontinued doing my actions. I handled the fire-wood stick to Mr. Reynolds and commented "May this light guide you home and me too; after you", I was melodramatic and was enjoying it. The more Mr. Reynolds got annoyed, the more it made me happy.
We then walked around the small house closely examining things. I took a few steps, sat on the floor folding my legs and sheltering my back against the raw wall. Mr. Reynolds started digging in the garbage. I could see him grinning silently.
"What is it?" I questioned curiously.
"Tadaa", he removed the fire lamp from the garbage and ignited it with our hand-made wooden stick "feels like Einstein" he raised his eyebrows and threw away the wooden fire-stick after dimming it.
"I'm starving Mr. Reynold's, and it's getting cold", I rubbed my arms and legs as they were exposed to the cold. I so wished that I wore denim or pants, the previous week.
"Well, me too. Just control for a while. We'll find something to eat and drink tomorrow", an affirmative answer coming from Mr. Reynolds was completely unexpected.
"I wish", I smiled at him. He stood up from his place and moved around the hut. He picked up some old newspapers from the ground.
'The war ends, hoping for peace', he picked up some same articles which were scattered on the floor and read them out loud too. "Okay so maybe this place was set up by some military person for seeking temporary shelter"
"Makes sense", I nodded.
"Of course! he pointed out at the date, it's 2004 inscribed on this newspaper's heading, which means that this place was built exactly 13 years back, gotcha", he half-smiled at his victory.
"Why didn't you join an investigation team from the police department", I tried to be genuine but ended up being sarcastic as usual. We always had sarcasm wars since we met. This kept things interesting between us.
"Maybe destiny wanted me to torture you", he replied and then turned his attention towards the shelves which were half broken.
"Careful", I tried to warn but he obviously didn't listen to me. He started examining little things from the shelf. He finally removed a packed glass bottle.
"This is Rum! What a delight", he smiled and showcased it to me.
"Rum which is 13 years old and may have crossed its expiry date", I took the bottle from his hand.
"Rum supposes to last for an indefinite period of time according to my knowledge", he dragged the bottle away from my hands and took possession of it.
"Well maybe you should update your knowledge rather than just updating your phone", I smirked and wrenched the bottle away again.
"If James and his mates find me then I am dying anyway, and I am not even forcing you to drink so why don't you just mind your own business", He grabbed the bottle twisted its cap, and started to gulp it.
"Fine then", I yanked the bottle and gulped the remaining sips of it.
"Why did you even drink it Miss Waters", his face almost reddened up with anger.
"Your business is my business and if we go down, we're going down together plus old wine tasted nice. I'm starting to feel warmth in my body", I went closer to him and did an evil hair-flip.
He caught my arms tightly with his hands "'You silly girl, you don't even know about the consequences, we can either die or have the craziest night ever", he suddenly started to laugh. Since the day I met him, this was officially the first time I have ever seen him laugh.
"You look beautifully handsome", I had no idea what words were falling from my mouth, but whatever it was, they could not justify how simply amazing he looked while laughing. I knew it was the rum effect that got him losing his senses. I felt glad that I just drank 2 or 3 sips of it but since I wasn't a usual drinker, even a few sips could affect me.
My head started to feel heavy like it was carrying some huge luggage. I felt dizzy but then I saw Mr. Reynolds walking away from the main door of the hut. I ran and followed him as fast as I possibly could.
"Stop", I shouted from back "Stooooooooop", this time I shouted in a louder tone, he turned
around whilst smirking and then started to move forward again.
"Move no more", I caught him from back folding my hands around his stomach to cease him from moving any further.
He caught my eyeballs and gave me a confused look "Who are you giving orders to? Miss Amanda Waters", he pinned me on my shoulder with his pointer finger.
"Like I said earlier" I cleared my throat "This isn't your office premises or any professional outing so we can talk, speak and act independently" I positioned his hand on his body "So come on now, let's go inside", I took his hand again and directed ourselves towards the hut.
"It feels so lively here. I feel like a kid again. Do you know something, Miss Waters?" He looked at me wanting me to hear him.
I looked in his eyes "No I don't, you tell me what's it about", I'm glad I didn't drink much of rum as someone had to take care of the other while they were losing their sense.
He pointed towards the moon "My mom and I used to go every weekend for star and moon gazing. Dad never joined us but Mom was enough for me" and do you know, I nodded wanting him to continue "We took a huge ice cream tub along with us and always had a competition on our eating capacity. Mom used to lose purposely"
"Tell me more about your mother", I could see his happiness when he was talking about his mother, so I let the topic continue, but instead I could feel him agonizing. Tears started to roll from his eyes.

"Hey" I pulled him closer "Hey stop, you are Mr. Reynolds, you don't cry", I patted his shoulder "You make me cry instead", I tried to ease the situation but it didn't help so I pulled him closer into a hug and caressed his back.
"I miss her so much", I felt lost for words so I just kept caressing him. He held me tightly through my waist. It felt like he has been miserable in the past and has never really spoken to anyone about it. His body's warmth made me comfortable in this cool climate.
I separated myself from him and made sure that he was okay. He caught my gaze and hugged me again. I did not react, I just went with the flow. He needed someone to hear him out but not when he was away from his senses, so I tried changing the topic because I didn't want to take any advantage of his situation.
"So who wants to stargaze with me", I pulled away.
"Or can I ask this really beautiful girl a dance?" he interrogated.
"Are you calling me beautiful?" I said aloud. Maybe I should take the rum bottles along with me if any because I'm starting to like this side of him.
"We have no music though!" I tried to make an excuse.
"I can sing", he grinned.
"No way", I went inside the hut and bought the table lamp to create a small campfire. We could see through the moonlight but it didn't just feel sufficient, plus I had studied in history, that fire always keeps wild animals away, so it was a boom-win kind of situation.
"You were saving me a dance", he brushed his hair and started to sing already. 'I CAN ALMOST SEE IT, THAT DREAM I'M DREAMING BUT THERE'S A VOICE INSIDE MY HEAD SAYING', he sang like a small kid without any hymn and chorus but he seems to enjoy it and so did me when watching him like that. He was really carried away because of the rum. This side of him was something I hadn't explored before.
Oh wait, is he singing Hannah Montana?
"Mr. Reynolds, pinch me if I am wrong, but you got to be kidding me", I laughed "You can't sing Hannah Montana at least" I laughed continuously as this was the song I'd least expect him to sing.
"Come dance with me if you want me to sing some other song", he paused for a while and then shouted 'it's a cliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimb'
"Fine! Sing no more please", I went closer, agreeing on the dancing condition.
###chapter 34
AMANDA'S POV

I took his hand and put it on my waist while I placed them around my neck "Is this fine? you can sing a slow song now "
"No this is not fine", he separated himself instinctively "I am supposed to ask you for a dance and escort you to the dance floor "
"b-but where's the floor", I shrugged looking around.
"We can imagine there's an amazing dance floor there", he pointed towards the vacant ground which was closer to the campfire.
"Fine, let's go to that beautiful floor", I crooked my elbow into his and we marched along.
"So what song do you want me to sing; your highness ", he winked at me. Memories of Mr. Linley's party flushed through my mind. How a little peck on my lip got me wondering for days, how it felt different in a good way of course, and how we never uttered or reacted anything about it from the other day.
"Anything, my king ", I laughed out loud, he reciprocated my laughter with his.
He put his right hand on my left hip side, his left hand gently grasped my right hand and he held it up about shoulder level.
'If our love was a fairy tale
I would charge in and rescue you'
"no you got to be kidding me, this is one of my favorites. Oh My God", My eyes twinkled with joy. My left arm was generally placed on his shoulder as per the traditional couple dance condition.
'On a yacht, baby, we would sail
To an island where we'd say I do'
He sang really nicely, keeping in mind the high and low pitched tones. Our arms stayed in place while we swayed our feet in sync with each other.
'And if we had babies they would look like you
It'd be so beautiful if that came true'
He subtly pushed my right hand leaving the choice of the direction on me so I moved towards the left side. I later lead him to a new direction and continue to turn in a box-like shape so that we kept slow dancing while keeping things interesting.
'You don't even know how very special you are'
We both sang together loudly, this was supposed to be my favorite song so when it was sung by him it was harder for me to control my bathroom singer type of emotions.
'You leave me breathless
You're everything good in my life'
Mr. Reynolds moved his right foot backward, so I moved my left foot forward complimenting his move. I never knew this could turn out to be such an amazing dance. All I expected was that we'd either run over each other's feet or fall on each other. This was unexpected and delightful.
'You leave me breathless
I still can't believe that you're mine '
He opened his arms signaling me to twirl while he kept singing.
'And if our love was a storybook
We would meet on the very first page
The last ###chapter would be about
How I'm thankful for the life we've made '
This time I was the one who led the song, I sang it smiling and then recollected that I missed out a line but since this wasn't any singing competition it did no harm.
'And if we had babies they would have your eyes
I would fall deeper watching you give life.'
Mr. Reynolds took charge over this line which definitely had a certain great impact on me, I really wished upon my future husband to sing this line to me but for this instance, I wanted to kiss him, he looked straight in my eyes but then he was drunk so I couldn't take advantage over him so I lowered my gaze.
'You don't even know how very special you are You leave me breathless'
I completed the song, singing the very last lines. Mr. Reynolds looked at me and then asked, "One more dance?"
I laughed on his face "No way, you are going to regret this when you come back in your senses tomorrow ", I turned towards him "But you can thank me for the dance eh "
He came extremely close to me and removed the pins out of my hairs making them loose and open "You look better now ", he winked at me. It felt like I was living some college camp experience in which Mr. Reynolds played the bad attractive playboy.
He looked at me in my eyes "What? I am not going to dance anymore "
"I didn't ask for a dance though ", He replied.
"Then what does this look mean which you are giving me right now ", I interrogated.
"Nothing, I'm just gazing over "
"maybe we could gaze at the stars and moon together instead ", I turned his attention away from me because clearly he was attracted to me after having a whole bottle of rum and I was attracted too without even drinking the whole of the bottle so I tried to act against the law of this temporary attraction.
I lied on the ground facing the sky. Mr. Reynolds laid directly next to me, our arms almost touching. We could feel our bodies warmth.
"Do you see that big star there ", he pointed towards the biggest star in the constellation.
"Which one from those thousand ones ?", I felt confused.
He turned my head towards the biggest one which beamed the most " I get it, that one ", I had less idea about the star he was talking about but I reacted that I knew.
"Miss Waters, have you heard about one famous saying?" he questioned
"Go ahead", I nodded.
"That could be my mom. The one whose beaming the most, she may be smiling at me from the other side. Do you believe in this myth that people become stars when they die? ", I could now look at the emotional side of him.
"I do, Mr. Reynolds. Our loved ones follow us wherever we go because they care for us even from the other side but there's no one who is alone in this entire world. God always makes sure to bless us with someone's presence when you feel the other one's absence ", I tried consoling him whilst catching his hand tightly. I could feel him crying but he didn't actually shed any tear.
He rubbed my hand which was intertwined with his "You are an amazing woman Miss Waters, I hope" he paused "oh look there's a shooting star", he cut his sentence and changed the topic.
"Let's make a wish then", I didn't redirect him to the topic again and closed my eyes to make a wish. I cornered my eyes to see what he was doing, he looked towards the sky very passionately. He caught me inquiring on him so I closed my eyes instinctively.
"Hey Lord! please help Mr. Reynolds to unwrap the knot he has been tied in with life, guide him to the perfect path and make his life less complicated ", I looked upon the shooting star " Oh and yes guide us home safely too "
"What did you wish?", I interrogated.
"I wished that ", he came close to me and directed his lips towards my ears "That....." he paused "I will not tell you, It's a secret ", he started to laugh ceaselessly.
"Oh, this is so funny. I actually forgot to laugh, HA HA HA ", I mimicked him.
He regained his original lying position and replied "we aren't supposed to tell our wishes, it's between us and the creator "
"Oh that's what a student from third grade believes in ", I tried not to be rude but then I was alarmed by the fact that I was acting like him. "So tell me the best moment of your life ", I covered up for my rude behavior.
He sided up towards me resting his body on the right side "It was basically when I was 10 and we all went on a family trip to Paris, My elder brother Ryan helped me overcome all my phobias. We did paragliding, scuba diving and etc but then ", he paused.
My mind was blown by the fact that Mr. Reynolds was not the only child. "Then, what? " I questioned out of curiosity.
###chapter 35
"I lost him , we all lost him. We all were river crafting then there was this huge storm ", he extended his arms to show how big the storm actually was, "he got carried away and he never returned. We did our best to find him but couldn't find any clue about him, I um "
"Yeah you do miss him ", I continued his sentence. "okay, my turn ", ask me anything and I agree to reply it as honestly as I can.
He gawked at me for a while. His blue eyes looking as mysterious as ever . "Have you ever been kissed ?", he looked in my eyes then his eyeballs traveled towards my lips.
"Um.. yes of course", I uplifted my body to sit, he did the same eventually. I tried to divert my attention by looking at the moon. He came extremely close to me, our bodies almost touching. He segregated the baby hair on my face by placing them behind my ears.
"You are beautiful, Miss Waters ", He smiled at me . I could now feel his breadth, our nose almost touched, his eyes demanded to look at them forever and I didn't even want to object at this demand.
His hands were on either side of my head rubbing off the unwanted baby hair. His lips were inches away so I whispered "for real?", he gave me a small peck on my lips showing his desperation for doing the same.
"I-uh ", I was stopped as Mr. Reynolds gently placed his lips over mine softly asking me permission. I reciprocated the action signaling him a yes.
His left hand rested on my lower neck whilst his right hand traveled behind my back and also ventured in the hair land charging me up romantically. He slowly and gently applied pressure on lips with his. I kept my lips soft and slightly parted.
He kept placing small kisses on my lips, his hand lightly rested on my chest. I slowly moved my hands and rested them on the side of his shoulders which as a result made us come extremely close to each other. Our bodies touched in an intimate way which turned him on, he started to unbutton his shirt. He didn't remove it completely but kept it open.
His lips rested on mine again encountering my tongue which collided roughly in the beginning but then was at ease, his hands kept doing movements up and down my spine. After like 10 seconds, I pulled apart. "Maybe we should stop ", I kind of enjoyed and regretted the whole kissing thing. I couldn't pick one side.
"We should ", he stood up and pulled me towards him whilst he walked crookedly towards the hut. I held him through his waist.
"Maybe you are going to regret this in the morning ", I uttered in a low tone.
"Did you say something ?"
"Well! Nothing, what do we have Mr. Reynolds ?", I questioned back.
"I don't know, I don't want to ", he lied on the ground next to me resting his right hand on my body. "You're my cute teddy bear ", he whispered before falling back to sleep.
I looked towards the strawed ceilings for a while and thought about the unimaginable things like developing affection towards this man. I just wished that things fall back for Mr. Reynold's how it was when he enjoyed life. I wished I could glue up all the broken pieces in his life and make it right again but somethings are destined to be how they really are. That's what God has planned for us and that's what we shouldn't question about. I closed my eyes after gazing at the man who was completely cuddling me.
"What the actual fuck ", I heard Mr. Reynolds shrieking in my ears. I opened my eyes whilst rubbing them to get a clear picture of the scene. I tried moving away but I realized that my hairs were interlocked with the third button of Mr. Reynold's shirt.
I punched him in his stomach lightly "stop moving, you're hurting me and next time use appropriate words in the morning which could make someone's day rather than the cussed ones."
" How is my morning suppose to be nice when I woke up with you, well precisely " he cleared his throat ", my body was on yours and I am half-naked, what is that suppose to mean Miss Waters ", he was exasperated.
I tried unlocking my hair from his shirt first, I continued doing it for a while but couldn't find any accurate result. The more I tried, the more complicated the knot resulted in. "Will you mind Mr. Reynolds if I just break the third button of your shirt ?"
He pulled off the button himself " Why would I mind being freed ?", his rhetorical questions were infuriating my cool-nerves all the time.
"Coming to the topic, what happened exactly last night ? ", he furrowed his brows. I kept silent for a while knowing about the apprehensive consequences. "Wait! Did you take advantage of me", he buttoned his shirts surrounded by anxiousness all over his face "specifically, did you rape me when I was out of my senses ?"
"What the fuck ", I tried avoiding the cuss language "Come on Mr. Reynolds, why would I want to break my virginity with you. "
"You say it like I'm substandard", he completed buttoning himself, the third button's place showed some amount of his skin.
"You were uncontrollable yesterday, you should thank me for protecting you", I wondered for a while that I should tell him about our kiss or not.
"Oh you protected me whilst kissing me ", he broke the silence
"Excuse me, you kissed me ", I disagreed by cutting his sentence.
"I was out of my senses, you should've stopped me but maybe you wanted to be kissed too ", he acted like a complete douche-bag.
I stepped backward " I drank some too, my head was heavy. Maybe my emotions drifted with the flow, you can't blame me, in fact, I am supposed to blame you", I pouted.
"What happened after we came in the hut, did we do anything ?", he sounded curious "DAMN! I don't remember anything after we came here ."
"Anything ?", I repeated the word.
"You know what I mean, did we fuck each other?', he sounded obvious now.
"Of course yes ", I provoked but then cleared up " No we did not, Last night never happened, can we agree to that ?", I waited for a positive reply.
" It never did but you are a bad kisser", he chaffed.
"Oh shut up Mr. Reynolds, I wasn't much impressed by your kissing skills too ", I offended but never meant anything that I said. Mr. Reynold's kiss was deep, passionate, and amazing.
He came closer " I know you don't mean it, let's keep going before James hunt us down. ", he changed the topic.
I dusted myself, tied my hair into a bun by strangling by lower hair towards the middle ones, I had no clip or band so I had to adjust. "Where do we head ", I walked beside Mr. Reynolds pointing towards the ways.
"We should walk towards the right way "
"I think left would be appropriate ", I disagreed.
"R-I-G-H-T ", he exaggerated every word of it.
"L-E-F-T ", I did the same thing keeping my opinion.

"Its either right or we just part our ways . ", he sounded rude and bossy which was basically his nature.
"Fine! I'll go left .", I wanted to prove him wrong because he certainly was.
"I'll call you when I reach home safely ", he smirked "Oh no, they broke the phone you got from your first salary", he was back to being sarcastic obviously.
"I'll give you a signal whilst looking at the moon, you love it right?", I completely covered my mouth after saying it. I was guilty as I didn't really mean to bring things from his past.
Mr. Reynold's completely ignored the words which felt out of my mouth considering them irrelevant, maybe he was affected but he chose not to showcase it. "I apologize", I shouted expecting no answer from this stubborn creature. He kept walking towards the right side without even turning behind.
I focused my attention on the left, recited my prayer, and marched.
###chapter 36
Amanda's POV 

I basked in the jungle for a while, there was a great commotion of voices of different kinds for example of the dry leaves, birds chirping. I could even hear some kind of roars. My legs hesitated to walk any further. Maybe I was right for choosing this side but my opinion had no relevance since I was not optimistic regarding my decision. 
"Maybe Amanda you should turn behind and go in the direction where Mr. Reynolds is, he can safeguard you ", the positive me guided me.
"No, you silly, you're right. Stay confident and keep going. Mr. Reynolds is nothing but a pain in the ass. ", the negative me offended.
I stopped at once to take a quick decision because Mr. Reynolds may not have walked very far away. I tried convincing the negative Amanda whilst agreeing with the positive one. "Maybe I shouldn't have argued so much, this will give him a reason to mock me down again. ", my sub-conscious objected with my actions and words I used in the past.
I turned around quickly and returned to where I started. I finally reached the place where we actually parted and took the right way. Mr. Reynold's exaggerated 'RIGHT' word echoed in my ears.
I took the right path and kept moving further expecting to see if Mr. Reynolds left any trail behind. I took longer steps than usual to match up with Mr. Reynolds's speed. I kept walking for approximately 10 minutes but to my discontentment, I saw no human figure. I regretted my stubbornness and firm behavior very much. 
I was never good at making choices since a child. I kept moving further to at least find a highway so that I could reach home. I lost hope of finding him as the forest got deeper with every further step of mine. I felt inconsolable due to my loneliness, his company annoyed me completely but his presence comforted me just like some invisible armor as I knew that he'd always have my back in any difficult situation.
I then saw someone's shadow from the back, I was pretty sure that I found my man but a part of me was very shy to walk and join him so I decided to follow him silently without making him realize it. I walked tongue-tied preventing myself to make any noise whilst walking. 
Suddenly, my legs hit a rock so naturally, a voice like"OW", came out from my mouth, I caught my mouth instinctively with my hands and concealed myself behind the back of the tree. I peeped a bit to inquire about Mr. Reynolds, he was turned towards my side. He did get some hint that there was someone.
He looked here and there for a while and later caught up with his walking speed. I tracked him a little more cautiously this time. To my disappointment, I saw a huge lizard on my shoulder traveling across my back.
"Ooh, you filthy creature. move away. Shoooo ", I swiped it off my shoulder and ran at my fullest speed towards Mr. Reynolds. My screech obviously alerted Mr. Reynolds, he turned around. It was such a creepy feeling that I couldn't stop myself from being loud. I had some sort of phobia from lizards, their existence caused discomfort in my eyes. I was lizophobic, if that's even a word in the English dictionary.
I yet remember how much I was scared in the past when Sam kept a fake lizard near my pillow, I freaked out so much in the morning that I started crying since the very moment I saw it. I was later alarmed by the fact that was unreal.
"Oh, I was being stalked ", Mr. Reynolds was the first one to speak up.
"Took you too much time to believe ", I tried covering myself up. 
"I knew it the moment you got hit by a stone ", he smirked " I am Aaron, don't forget the name "
"But why did you leave me alone when I rushed towards the left side ", I looked at him.
He pointed towards me " Because I have no right to rule over you. You are no one to me in this jungle just like you said ", he placed his hand in his pocket " Not my girlfriend, not my wife and not my sister, why would I want to push my opinion on you. Every one of us possess freedom of expression and choice "
"Right! ", I agreed dissatisfied.
"That's what I said, I am always right ", he messed his hair "So if you now agree, let me take the lead. Just follow me ", he kept his attention straight. I knew that I had seen enough of his good side last day and night and I was eventually prepared for this. We walked silently for a while, my slippers were losing its grip since they were definitely not meant for trekking.
"There's a lake there ", he pointed towards it, his eyes shined in the sun and his cheeks showed a shade of redness due to excessive exposure to heat. He looked adorable even in this dirty white teared up shirt. 
"I see ", I turned my attention towards it " But its okay, we can tidy ourselves up after we reach home safely ", I commented 
He pouted "Are you always this dumb Miss Waters, we can drink water from this lake ", I looked away embarrassed on my blonde statement.
"Come on now ", he pulled me towards the lake. He sat on the big rock placing his ass on it, he washed his face with the water and continued the same with his hands and legs. The water didn't look very clean to me so I just stood there. He joined his palms, filled water in them, and drank it.
He raised his brows "Are you not thirsty ", he stood up finally and sighed. He looked refreshed and relaxed. I shrugged showing confusion on my face.
###chapter 37
"This water is quite muddy though ", I filled my palm with some water showcasing the mud. 
"If being a billionaire, I can have it for survival purposes then why not an ordinary girl as you drink it ", he never failed to blab about his wealth but this time he actually made sense but I didn't want to express that to him.
"That doesn't mean ordinary girls drink muddy water ", I filled the water in my palms and took a sip of it "To every ordinary girl " I tossed. The water tasted salty but fine enough to compromise for the condition. I smirked at Mr. Reynolds and drank another sip of it . "can I confess something honestly ?", I interrogated.
"Yes ", he nodded signaling me to carry on.
"Do you hear some noise ?", I generally questioned.
"No. What does it sound like ?", he questioned back so I pointed towards my tummy "You hear the growl, do you?
His facial expressions turned worse from the bad . I definitely needed to work on my lames when in Mr. Reynolds's presence. I never ever thought before speaking until it created serious circumstances . This quality was passed on to me from Francis, Gina always objected at our lames but ended up laughing anyway. 
"If you can shut up for a minute, I can think something ", he wiped off the sweat from his face. The weather was very humid and moist, the sun shined brightly on top of my head causing it uneasy for us to walk.
"yeah, take up the lead ", I directed him to move ahead. "Don't forget I am hungry ", I confirmed first that my face was turned towards his back before commenting.
We walked for a while but then I stopped "Oh my God Mr. Reynolds, look up there ", I grabbed his hand preventing him from walking anymore. He looked towards the tree where red apples were hanging. 
"They're way too up ", he tried jumping to behold the apple but failed miserably. He continued doing it but there were no successful results obtained through his actions.
"Let me try ", I jumped along "Ouch ", I shouted the moment my feet hit the ground, the pressure exerted doubled my pain so I just sat on the ground straightening my legs. Mr. Reynolds sat on his knee closer to me, he rubbed my legs warmly. It was effective indeed, the sprain on the joints of my toes reduced, I kept calm for a while and then stood up.
"How about a team effort?", I raised my brows "and thanks by the way "
"No I don't have the power to pick you up again so don't mention it and YES I know exactly what you mean, just stay calm, okay ",
"I will", I nodded. Mr. Reynolds sat on the ground lowering his head. I parted my legs on either side and sat on his shoulders, my dress lifted up showcasing my upper thigh which touched his cheeks on either side. "Careful please ", I kind of doubt on his balancing skills.
"Don't move, unless told ", he slowly and gradually stood up. I balanced myself trying hard not to move. Yes, our plan was effective . "gotcha ", I stretched my hands and plucked the nearest apple from the tree and threw it on the ground softly. "Turn left ", I commanded.
"Don't you command Miss Waters ", he warned me and later turned left after a few moments. I plucked two more apples jointly one by one. "A little more left please ", I asked him to shift.
He was infuriating which could be felt. I tried stretching my arms so that I could have one last apple too. I wasn't greedy for apples, I just wanted to pluck as much as possible to suffice our hunger for the rest of the journey until we reached home.
"A bit more please ", my hand didn't reach that spot with much ease, as a result, I pushed my body towards the left side which resulted in the quivering of my balance. My legs glided through his back falling on the ground, exerting force on his body too.
We fell down together as his head rested on the ground whilst mine rested on his chest. I could hear his heartbeats which got fastened up due to my clumsy act. I gathered all my courage to lift myself up and face him, I was shocked to see that Mr. Reynolds laid on the ground with his eyes closed.
I at once parted my body away from his and examined him further closely. "Maybe his head hit the ground with great force so he probably fainted, he will get back to his senses soon ", I consoled myself. I rubbed his hands with mine, I basically didn't know what effect it has on someone but I couldn't think of a better option too.
I waited near him for minutes placing his head on my lap and wiping off his excess sweat from the leaves which were scattered on the land as the leaves had water in it, so it had a soothing effect on one's skin plus excess heat could turn out to be dangerous causing serious issues such as lowering one's blood pressure.
"Come on Mr. Reynolds, wake up please ", tears started to roll through my eyes as I was the one solely responsible for this gloomy condition "I even promise that I won't pass any more lame jokes or cause any trouble purposely ", my voice shook while speaking because of my wail.
"You do promise, eh ?", he slowly opened his eyes. I helped him to uplift himself. 
"You're okay ", I trailed my fingers through his messy hair slowly touching his cheeks. " I am so glad that nothing happened to you ", I pulled him closer to me into a hug caressing his back, our bodies touched. I suddenly realized that maybe I just got carried away a much more than normal after knowing he was fine.
"Hey shush, I am fine ", we parted and it was very awkward for me to behave in such a way for him. "Why do I care ?", I questioned myself expecting an answer but there was none.
"To be honest Miss Waters ", he cleared his throat "I was just kidding, nothing really happened to me. I kept my eyes close for a while but then you took the situation another way round so decided to playfully act in it ", he stood up "but then things got really intense with you panicking so I decided to speak up "
"This is to a completely another level ", I punched him on his chest.
"Yet didn't match with your level of lames ha ", he picked up the apples and gave half of them to me "Now eat them, I can hear the voices from your stomach ", I laughed on his humor to which he just smiled, cannot expect more too. I could feel our knots loosening every consequent day as I got to learn a new side of him. 
"Where to, CAPTAIN ?", I took a bite of the apple, it was very sweet and juicy.
"How Melodramatic ", he frowned faking a smile. "Let's keep walking with a hope that we find the highway ", he continued.
"Yes, let's make this walk interesting then. Let's play a game ", I tucked my baby hair behind my ears "The game is, A walk to remember. I am the host of course but we can play turn wise ", I peeped at his face to figure his facial expressions whilst walking.
"I am not really playing any games with you ", he responded. 
"Please -please -please ", I set the word 'please' on repetition mode. "So is that a yes ?", I made a puppy face.
"No obviously ", he raised his brows.
"Fine, then I won't walk anymore", I stood still.
"Stop behaving like a 4-year-old ", he made eye contact " plus you can stay here, I'm unstoppable .", he kept walking without giving a damn about me.
"How dare you ", I ran to match till his speed "I am so bored, what's wrong with being entertained though "
###chapter 38
"Fine but this game will be according to my guidelines. Explain to me how it is played ", he finally agreed.
"YAY! " I did a small happy dance by jumping whilst stretching my hands upwards. "So since we're walking I just renamed it to A walk to remember, it's one of my favorite movies ."
"so the game is that you do the talking and I do the listening, more or less of it right "
"Stop being sarcastic for once ", I pouted, "I say a word and you say feelings of yours towards that word without taking more than 2 seconds. Its originally called rapid-fire, I'll say words and you have to react to them. You can have your turn only if you want to ask me otherwise never mind "
"Carry on, I'm in ", he showed a bit interest.
I paused for a while then asked the first-word "FEAR "
"None now ", he smirked which clearly meant he has overcome his fright.
"Favorite food ?", I readied my third question up already.
"Homemade food, I don't mind whatever it is. I like and prefer healthy as 80% of the time I have to order food from the restaurants"
"Just Mr. Reynold's things", I murmured.
"Did you say something", he pretended he didn't hear but my mutter was clear enough for him to understand.
"One person you live for ?", I asked without a full stop ignoring his last statement.
"Myself and the millions of people who earn their living because of my company ", he slowed down.
"Wow diplomatic and thoughtful ", I never knew he had a good side too. I figured out one thing that he never mentions or want someone to mention his good side. He liked it closed and private. "The person you hate ?"
"Uh I-I think you ", he winked at me " Kidding, I don't hate you. I dislike you, the words stand out differently and have huge differences in their meanings. I hate James. I do", his face dimmed a bit so I tried to change the topic. 
"Favorite actress ?"
"None, I don't believe in fiction. Oh, wait. I have a thing for Mother Teresa, I respect her so much. She is my heroine. "
"Feels like I am interviewing you as you're standing up in elections as your answers are so neat and diplomatic.
"that's who I am ", he offended "I am being honest eh. Enough of me, your turn "
"Me", I pointed at myself "I am in, Thought you'll never ask me, yay", I clapped out of excitement.
"Favorite person?"
"Mom, of course ! so obvious. Ask me challenging questions ", I winked doing a quick hair flip. I could feel his level of annoyance.
"Are you a virgin?", he cornered his eyes to check on my expressions.
"Don't you think this is kind of a below-the-belt type of question", I offended in a higher pitch and then resorted back to normal.
He made a straight face "Someone wanted challenging questions eh. Anyways you lose Miss Waters, this game is supposed to have a question followed by an answer rather than a question followed by a question", he smirked.
"Oh my God. I should've understood your strategy. One last chance, please. ", I knew I lost and wasn't getting any second chances.
"Anyways, I am definitely a virgin. A 20-year-old virgin in this modern world ", I cleared my point purposely as I didn't want him to create any false opinions regarding me.
He didn't look much convinced with my answer. He finally broke the silence "I don't think so Miss Waters, I witnessed your make out with James for a second at Pallapora town with my damn eyes, I didn't want to eavesdrop so I left ", he cleared his throat "No one is really virgin among us Miss Waters, stop playing all nice and innocent ", he was very confident regarding losing his virginity in the past, his words were indirect yet straight-forward
"Trust me, if I told you the whole truth you won't believe it nor will you believe me ", I tried convincing him about the truth because what he saw was only the half-truth.
"I don't want to believe and I am guessing the game is over plus I'd not like getting indulged in your personal space. It's your life after all ", he was so stubborn. He wasn't giving me a chance to speak up for myself. This misunderstanding was affecting me so much, I didn't even realize why.

***

Amanda's POV

"Let me at least clear my point ", I thumped my toes and caught his walking speed. Suddenly we heard the leaves moving like someone was stepping on them slowly and carefully. I examined our walking style to figure out whether it was ours but my mind was blown to the fact that it wasn't our footsteps. 
"Ow, my leg ", I acted like there was a sprain on my leg to check out whether we were being stalked. I cornered my eyes towards the direction of the noise and not to my surprise I saw three humanly figures behind the tree, not specifically their bodies but the shadows formed out of reflection from the sun. After talking further, I saw four more figures behind the back of the tree which was distanced from us but visible to some extent.
My heart almost plummeted on the ground and then regained back its original position as an outcome of terror. I widened my eyes but then resorted back to normal trying to act sane. "Are you doing fine ?", Mr. Reynolds inquired.
"Yeah. What will happen to me, I'm fine, thanks", I stood up and stayed more active than usual. 
I had to tell Mr. Reynolds about it, I just had to think about a clever plan to explain the situation to him without making the hooligans aware. I pulled Mr. Reynolds extremely close to me and thought for a while to pick between hug or kiss. If I hugged him the hooligans would figure it with my lips moving. That just left me with the last option.
Our nose touched and our eyeballs met, I knew that he'd definitely judge me for a while for this action but what mattered was him knowing the truth about this moment. I balled the back of his head with my palms making a movement with my fingers through his hair.
I uplifted my cheek as he was bigger in height. I pressed my lips against his lips without wasting a second. I could sense his astonishment, I made sure my face wasn't visible to the hooligans so I parted my lips away for like 0.000001 inches. "They're here. We've been spotted Mr. Reynolds ", I whispered extremely softly, my lips collided with his lips after every movement of mine. 
He pushed my back towards the closest tree pressing his lips hard to mine. I knew he did this so that the stalkers didn't get the clue of us talking in between. He pressed his lips harder this time asking permission for entrance, I permitted. Our tongues collided with each other roughly giving us a feel of each other's mouth. His hand lifted me up as I twirled my legs around his waist continuing the kiss. 
We parted away to breathe, I let out a small moan. He unplugged my back from the tree and slowly and steadily started to walk whilst kissing me harder every time. Yes, his kisses raced my heart like no one ever did before but maybe this time he was carried away with the moment and was charged to inevitable pleasure.
His hands moved throughout my hips. He parted his lips again and placed soft kisses on my cheeks, licking it a bit. I could feel my cheeks turning wet. He continued this action and pinned me towards the other tree which was pretty much at a great distance away from the old one. His hands traveled through my breasts. A little amount of moan escaped my lips, my eyes were straight in position with the hooligans who didn't dare to move after our make out as my face was in contact with their direction this whole time.
He sucked my neck, I pulled him closer to mine interlocking my hands against my neck. His lips traveled from the chin to my mid-neck. He pulled my dress a bit down which showcased half of my cleavage. "Are they looking at us ", he questioned while sucking the top of my cleavage. 
"Woah! yeah. ", I signaled him. "Let's move on to the next tree then ", he came extremely close to me before kissing me down my throat after uplifting me again. We were now inches away from them, he pulled me apart and later on the ground. His hands were placed on my waist now, we kept walking slowly.
"so, are you ready Miss Waters?" he questioned moving his hands away and breaking his touch over me. 
"I am", I turned a bit to inquire about them, they were yet very far away from us now. I took up the position of get-set-go and ran as swiftly as I could. Mr. Reynolds's speed was obviously faster than mine but I did my best to catch up with his. I took long strides than usual to match his race as best as I could.
###chapter 39
Mr. Reynolds turned around to check the status of the stalkers. "We left them behind, I guess, keep running ", he focused his attention. I paused for a while to breathe as kissing already took half of my strength. I could feel his taste yet in my mouth. My mind didn't overcome his kiss yet, flashbacks surrounded my thoughts whilst running, "I guess they're way behind now ", I broke the silence.
"Shouldn't stop you from running Miss Waters ", he paused for a while "they're seven and it's just the two of us ", he took my hand and dragged me again. I was tired now, tired of running away without doing something bad. I felt like a prisoner who runs for life when he gets a chance to free himself. Every joint in my body was paining but considering this pain relevant against the fear of death made sense somehow.
I ran without considering the surrounding, I just ran as the hare did in the initial race when with tortoise. I heard a slow thud from behind, I turned around to inquire about the noise. To my extreme agitation, it was Mr. Reynolds on the ground. His left leg was drowned in a puddle, his head collided with the stone causing small red droplets of blood to form across that area.
He wiped off the dripping blood with the sleeves of his shirt and tried to pull his leg out of the puddle, his every attempt failed miserably. I ran towards him and pushed him upwards taking possession over his arms. We finally succeeded in our attempt, I was perturbed by the injury which was now visible to me on his legs. 
"Oh my God, it's bleeding so hard ", I covered my mouth as an outcome of shock. I straightened his left leg tearing off his pants so that I could take a deeper view of the wound. I could see small pebbles perforated inside the wound, I took a briefer view of them after placing his legs on my lap.
He tried to move them away "Hey-hey its okay ", I tried consoling whilst yanking the small pebbles slowly so that it doesn't cause him any pain. "Can you walk ?", I questioned.
"I can try ", his voice was courageous but his eyes showed the pain he was hiding from me. I tore off a little part of my cotton floral dress making it 3 more inches shorter. I tied the cloth across his wound striving to stop the never-ceasing blood. 
"Come on now, get up ", I tried to motivate him after lowering my hands towards him. He interlocked his fingers with mine to take support. His other hand took the support of the ground. He stood up for a while but then collapsed again "they really hurt so much Miss Waters, it's like every nerve close to that wound is electrified with pain "
"It's you, Mr. Reynolds, nothing in this world is more electrified than your courage", I praised him to raise his guts. 
"Oh no, they're here", I heard loud footsteps so I revoked our conversation and pulled him towards the back of a huge tree through his shoulders. "This is scaring me now ", I l focused towards the direction of the noise.
"Run, Miss Waters .", he interrupted the silence.
"What?", I interrogated.
"Run for your life Miss Waters ", his command felt like care for a change.

***

"Are you insane. Stop speaking shit. I am not leaving without you, its either us or no one ", I said the words in one single breadth out of annoyance. 
"You dumb idiot, don't you get it. I can't run for fuck's sake. Why do you want to put your life in danger for m-m"
"You? Yes, I want to risk my life for you just like you did for me ", I cut his line and continued mine dominantly. 
I pulled him up with all my strength placing his right arms across my shoulder to get a grip over his body. I caught his right hand with my right hand and locked my left hand across his waist. "I guess it's time for me to reciprocate those lines ", I raised both of my brows.
"and that is ", he looked perplexed.
"That maybe you should eat less or book yourself an appointment with some good nutritionist ", I laughed out loud and made the first walking move.
"Not again, Miss Waters", he matched my step with his.
"A bit faster Mr. Reynolds', I gave him a certain push so as to walk faster, not that I didn't understand his condition.
"I am trying very hard. I did tell you to leave me behind", he offended.
"Let's not discuss it ", we kept walking. I witnessed an increase in his walking speed now. I let go of him for a while to inquire about the hooligans, I couldn't sense any clue or movement of theirs. "Maybe they changed their direction", I curled my hands around his waist again.
"Let's play safe which means let's keep walking", he ordered as usual.
"Never asked you to stop", I offended faking out a smile. The next few moments were surrounded by silence. No one among us dared to speak and interrupt the silence. Our legs just marched without having any idea regarding the direction. I had a few awkward eye contacts with him, every time my eye met his. I felt clingy, I had no answer why. I just felt that way.
I heard something, I focused my attention towards the noise "Oh my God, Mr. Reynolds", I side hugged him as I already was tangled with him. "Oh my God ", I repeated the words out of happiness. 
"The horns and the beeps eh. We're very close to the highway. We completed nailed it, Miss Waters "
"Like a team", I continued his sentence grinning.
Every beep of the horn sparked our courage with enthusiasm. With every step, we were closer to the highway. "Look they're there", I turned around and saw a man pointing towards us to his other two fellow mates. 
"Jimmy, go and inform everyone that we found the fugitive couple. We'll take care of the couple till then", the Jimmy guy ran off track as per instructed to inform his mates. 
"I guess we're now to the dead-end where there's no escape", I whispered in Mr. Reynolds's ears.
"Stay assertive", he replied calming me down. He caught my hand tightly which shivered at this moment. In fact, my whole body was trembling out of terror. Even if they did nothing to me, they'll be running after Mr. Reynolds's life.
"Hey -hey, let's resort to something by peaceful means", Mr. Reynolds didn't look really happy with this action of mine, I could make that out from his facial expression.
###chapter 40
"No whore, with all that escaping you've got yourself into greater trouble", He spiked his hair and tucked his shirt half just like how Mr. Reynolds's shirt was. "How do I look now?" he pulled me in his direction through his hand "I want to experience the same exact orgasm you gave this guy, I saw you make out, it was so intense and amazing ", he pointed at Mr. Reynolds and tore off the existing sleeve making my dress sleeveless.
I caught my dress and tightened it by knotting two of the ends after running away from these ugly men. "Dare you to do anything with her", he rushed towards the one who tore my dress and punched him right in his stomach. 
"You did decline war right away ", he saw the injury on Mr. Reynolds's legs and kicked over it twice or thrice in a row, a bawl escaped through his mouth. The wounded area started to bleed again, this time relentlessly. 
"Hey don't harm him we need instructions from boss first", his mate alarmed him, he took out his phone and kept it on speaker so that Jake's voice was visible to all of us. Within 3 bells, Jake received the phone. "Did you find them?" he had no manners, as usual, people pick up their phones with a simple hello.
"Yes, boss. They're right here in front of us-"
"Hey, James! Let's resort to something which is way more peaceful, which doesn't include shedding anyone's blood", Mr. Reynolds cut him off.
"Who am I? A kid from kindergarten?" Jake's voice didn't sound much satisfied. "I know you, Aaron, you're not among the ones who handle situations calmly. The moment you get in your territory, you're gonna hunt me down. I can't really take any risks with you. I thought things would be easier but you had to complicate it. My simple plan was to take your signatures deceitfully without causing you any harm" 
"I'll myself hand you everything, let me come back there for once", Mr. Reynolds started using emotional tactics, everyone who knows him would know that he was clearly lying, he can never hand over his empire to anyone else in this world.
"James, don't be such a fool. Stop whatever you're doing right now. Stop playing these dirty game of yours. ", I couldn't control my anger so I raged in loud voice.
"Remember Aslan, when I told you to spare the girl ?", he questioned one of them with that specific name.
"Yes boss, she's safe with us . Don't worry about that ", He consoled James.
"I don't want her safe anymore, kill her along with the man. Make sure you don't molest her, make their death seem more natural. Don't leave any clues, be safe ", he canceled the phone giving them cut-clear instructions.
One thing which calmed me a bit was his statement 'don't molest her'. They first marched towards Mr. Reynolds who stood in front of them without showing any hesitation on his face. Mr. Reynolds made the first move, he kicked the 1st hooligan who was extremely close to him and punched the other one on his face which started to bleed by now. 
Their leader stood behind giving each one of the instructions, Mr. Reynolds was clearly winning even with the injury on his leg. "Careful Mr Reynolds ", I shouted as the leader ordered his pal to attack from behind with the huge wooden log. My instructions were a bit late as due to forceful contact of the log on his head, Mr. Reynolds collapsed straight on the ground. 
They all gathered surrounding him in a circle and started to kick him ruthlessly . This view not only disturbed me but also made me realize how helpless I was in this situation. I ran towards him and tried to pull them away, they were so heavy and huge that no efforts of mine proved useful. I saw a huge stone lying nearby, I caught it with both of my hands and attacked on the head of one of them. 
"Bitch ", their leader pushed me so hard that my forehead collapsed directly over the pointed stone. My vision blurred, I could feel the blood traveling across my face through my forehead. "Her ###chapter is over just with a small push ", they all laughed evilly after he completed his statement. 
I kept my eyes closed as my head weighed like 100 kilograms, small circles of blood was formed on the ground. I slowly opened my eyes to check upon Mr. Reynolds, they now stopped hitting him . His clothes were shredded with blood all over. "He'll be dead in a while ", they walked away leaving both of us.
I tried opening my eyes, every attempt of mine failed miserably. I kept my eyes closed, it felt nice. I started to lose my senses in a while, the pain felt miserable.
I opened my eyes in a while realizing that I previously fainted because of the pain. I took shelter from the ground and sat straight. My knees hurt so much because of the injury. I turned around to have a look at Mr. Reynolds. He laid straight on the ground, his body did no movement. I gathered will-power and courage and marched towards him. 
He didn't seem any closer to normal, I could not feel him breathing. "Oh no, this is not happening. Wake up, Mr Reynolds. You can't leave me all alone here. Get the fuck up ", tears started forming underneath my eyes. I wiped them off to stay strong for both of us.
I kept my ear on his chest to examine his heartbeat as the usual rate for a minute was 86 beats. Mr Reynolds heart was pumping slow , it was not even 50 beats per minute. This was dangerous, I knew his life was in danger, and if I didn't do anything his life could end right away.
###chapter 41
Amanda's POV

"Oh my God, No", I wiped off the tears sniffling. I had no idea how to prove out to be a help to Mr. Reynolds. I lacked strength, presence of mind, and science of course. I caught his hands and rubbed it vigorously trying to emit some movement out of it but again I proved out to be helpless. 
I cleaned his face starting with his forehead swiping off the blood, there were some droplets which took birth within minutes even after removal of the additional blood which was reciprocal in nature. 
"What do I do? What the fuck do I do to prove out to help to this man ", questions flooded in my mind. I placed my hands on his chest to feel his heart beats, to my surprise they were even slower now. A small amount of sweat tipped off from my forehead because of anxiety. I was very scared as his situation was turning worst from bad. 
"Hey God! I swear I'll give a good amount of charity to the needy once I return, I won't lie to anyone. At least for a month. I'll be holy enough to visit you daily. " I bent my knees and looked towards the sky "Please save Mr. Reynolds, he's a good man though he doesn't showcase the good in him", I raised my hands in unison while making a wish. I was never really a holy person but yes I believed in the almighty and his power to dominate and protect the world. 
"CPA, oh yes cardio pulmonary resuscitation, why didn't I think about this earlier ", I hit myself playfully on the head. Mr. Reynolds yet didn't show any sign of being in an active state. His face looked divine in this state, I couldn't stop but gaze at the view. 
I tilted his head lifting his chin until his teeth almost touched. I looked towards him and listened to his breathing which was slow or almost broke due to certain damage caused on his brain cells. I could see the deep injury through my naked eye too, they hit him hard on the head continuously. 
I then started compressing his chest putting my hands in the center of his chest, between his nipples. I placed one hand on mine on top of the other pushing them down with the heel of my hand around 30 times. I continued with 2 breaths followed by 30 pushes. I did it as per I was taught in college when in a seminar of quick aids. I hoped to see him move but he didn't show any sign, a part of me whimpered. 
"This means that I got to move quickly to the third step ", I thought to myself " Come on Amanda, it's not that you haven't kissed him earlier. This time it's for saving his life. Pump him your breadths ", the positive Amanda was taking charge a lot at this moment. 
I, without giving it a second thought pinched his nose close and covered his mouth with mine giving it 2 full breaths making sure each breath took not more than 1 second. Apart from monitoring the exhaled breath, I checked his chest, in order to see the rise and fall of the same. I took intervals at a regular frequency and paused to take a breath myself. 
I pulled away with my eyes closed, waiting for something assertive to happen. I half opened my eyes to have a check on Mr. Reynolds, his face looked the same. His chest didn't move which clearly meant that his breathing didn't gear up. I suddenly heard a small cough, I closely examined him assuring myself that my tricks worked after some minutes. 
His eyes unenclosed in a slow and gradual manner showing off all the pain he had been feeling in his body. The sun shined on his face making his shade tone a bit lighter than usual. 
"Hey, you're fine ?", I ran towards him. 
"Of course I am ", he turned me down wryly.
"Ouch ! should be thanking me for saving your life ", my face rested in his direction causing a droplet of blood from my wounded forehead dropping on his. " So sorry ", I wiped off.
"We need to escape before they come checking on us ", he commanded.
"But look at you, you are a wreck right now ", I tried stating things which were obvious " You need to rest. I can walk if I put some efforts but you", I pointed at him "You can't even walk so lay there and let me find some help " 
"Don't be a boss when I am around. I'm the boss remember ", his voice broke in between due to his agony no matter how much he showed that he was doing fine. He tried standing up but couldn't even resist himself in affording the sitting position. He truly was a wreck right now.
"Go, find help Miss Waters. Go alone. Go home. Stay safe . " he made sure his sentences were clear enough "Send my men addressing them the location then ", he caught his arms tightly to stop the blood from flowing very hard.
"Okay ", I stepped back just like he commanded. I made my way towards the highway in rumination about Mr. Reynolds. I could see vehicles around after safely crossing the forest. Something within me was not satisfied with my act, it felt like every bone my body comprised of was objecting against this decision of mine. 
"Hey, lift ", I flung my arms in the air to make the driver of the passerby car stop. He showed no humanity as he kept driving without giving a second thought for helping an injured lady. 
I walked for a while missing Mr. Reynolds's company. I remembered how much my voice and words annoyed him but his annoyance never stopped me from talking anyway . I enjoyed irritating him, to be honest. "What the fuck am I doing ?" I questioned myself whilst walking . I cant run away from this situation alone.
We were into this thing together, what kind of a human am I. I left the person back who troubled himself to save me from all this. My guile was making me feel vulnerable emotionally. I took a turn towards the way which led me to him again. 
I marched as fast as I could, regretting my previous decision, and on the thought of how selfish I got lately. I, within moments, reached the very place and to my satisfaction, Mr. Reynolds didn't move away. He laid there, his eyes half-closed. I ran fast towards him in aghast.
"Do not close your eyes ", I shouted.
His eyes met mine " I t-told you to g-go ", he stammered. His face looked more tormented than before. "So stubborn!", he exclaimed. 
"Learnt from the best", I taunted so that I could keep up with the fight preventing him from sleeping as it was dangerous for him in this condition.
"I'll be fine after I take a nap, come lay with me j-just like that night when we counted stars", he demanded sleep, I could sense it from his eyes which watered.
"Dare you to sleep , you're not allowed to. I like it when you're a pain in my ass . Stand up now and annoy me , violate me , insult me and if that doesn't covers your hate than even hit me. You-get-it-clear. You're not allowed to even wink without my consent ", I said in one full breadth without pausing.
"You just got lucky, you know that right. If my body would've been responsive then you know well what the circumstance would've been now ", my plan was working. I instigated him on purpose so that he'd fight me back.
"Come let's go, lean on me", I tried giving a helping hand to which he caught grip instinctively.
###chapter 42
He held me through the waist and uplifted himself showing great courage. His current situation weakened me a bit, a tear rolled through my eyes realizing the pain he had been feeling lately. I turned my head around and wiped the tears dry so that he couldn't notice . "does your head hurts too much?", he did see my tears but just didn't realize what were they for; 
"I can't walk Miss Waters"
"I can't too but being a girl I'm trying to. You are superior to me and yet you're so discouraged", I tried faking out pointing straight on his manhood ego. 
"Don't judge my patience", he scowled. 
"I am " I pulled him again. His body was slow as compared, it felt like I was carrying some kid who was late to school and didn't really want to attend school but his mother which was me was forcing him too. "don't sleep ", I slapped him on his face slowly.
His eyes widened instinctively to my action "You're crossing limits. Definitely. ", he started from a high pitch but slowly his pitch reduced. 
We almost reached near the highway, his legs were shaking while he walked, they didn't have the strength to move forward. His courage and determination enlightened me and definitely gave me big life lessons. "Can't walk anymore, take a pause ", he interrupted the silence .
"We're right where our destination is ", I consoled. 
"stop. what the fuck. Stop ", I ran in front of the nearest car making sure Mr. Reynolds stood nicely. The car driver shifted the steering wheel in a rightward position avoiding me. I raised my middle finger in air clear enough for him to see me in his side mirrors. 
"How the hell do we get outside this "', I frowned. "Maybe I have an idea ", I pulled my dress downwards showing some of my cleavage. 
"Such cheap stunt is not going to work ", his facial expressions showed fifty shades of his annoyance.
"Stop judging, let me show you how it works ", I winked and moved forward loosening up my hair turning it sexy. I stopped by and signaled the nearest car whose driver was around his mid 20's. He ceased to drive any more after my hand signal.
"Hey, sexy! , looks like you need a lift ", he unfastened his seat belt and pushed the door to have a word with me. His face was tanned, his black eyes shined brightly. His shirt fitted perfectly showing his well-toned gym body, I could see his cuts in his transparent shirt.
I turned towards Mr. Reynolds raising my brows giving him a -see-I-nailed-it kind of look. "I have a man with me, do you probably mind?", I questioned faking out the sweetest smile I could ever give.
He examined Mr. Reynolds carefully from head to toe, let me say he was not really in a presentable situation. "I apologize sweetheart but I can't take the man along ", he took my hands and gave a small peck before turning around.
"Why not ?", Mr. Reynolds interrogated with the man in his bossy nature. He looked gentle enough to smile at him before the start of communication rather than offending. He marched towards him slowly without uttering a word. 
"I'm so sorry brother. Seems like you're in great trouble but I can't get myself in trouble too along with. I can make out from your situation that this is going to be a police case sooner or later. I really don't want to involve myself in this drama, I've been bailed out from jail for the third time this month. My dad has warned me that if I happen to get in trouble with police any sooner from the last bail, he'll take away the love of my life", he pointed towards the car " he warned me that he'll take away this car of mine" 
"Uhmm " Mr. Reynolds cleared his throat " Aston Martin Vanquish, I must say you have a pretty amazing choice ", I never knew Mr. Reynolds was in cars too. He wiped off the sleepy tears from his face so that he could have a better word with the passerby.
" Thanks, bro ", he grinned.
"How about a Lamborghini Aventador Coupe?", I knew exactly where this conversation was going.
"I completely love it, man, certainly in my 'to buy ' list ", I could sense his excitement for the car.
"Write to me your number and address as a text message on the number I am going to give you. Consider the car is yours, will be delivered to you at your doorstep", he chuckled maintaining the bossy attitude.
"Whats the price for it cause I am willing to do anything then", he was instigated by his offer.
"Leave me this car here since you're not keen to drive", he wasn't able to drive too so maybe he should've been a bit pushy with this anon guy.
"How do I trust you?", he inquired. 
"I am Aaron Reynolds just so the name helps plus this offer is something an ordinary person cannot give in exchange for such. It's a win-win situation as I'll return you this car too. Find yourself some traveling conveyance now without wasting my time ", he started to cough. He caught his chest tightly. I quickly ran towards him.
He then gave me a You-don't -know -to-nail-it look through his evil smirk. He had this ideology that money could buy everything which was proving out to be true. 
The anonymous guy almost vanished as he kept walking. I pushed him up and made his way towards the car. "Drive ", he commanded.
"What?"
"I said drive, can't you hear that, now please don't tell me that you don't know to drive ", his question had a portion of his answer too. 
"I did learn driving but never got the confidence to practice my skills on the road ", I cleared myself as I didn't want him to consider me a pedo. "I do know to drive but like I said I don't really have the confidence. It can risk our lives ", I continued.
"Our lives are in risk already ", he completed my statement after auto-correcting it. "I'll guide you, don't worry ", he took the passenger seat quickly after I comforted myself on the driver one. I pulled my seat belt and inter locked it quickly. 
I saw Mr. Reynolds with cornered eyes, his focus was towards the road through the front view mirror. This was one of the days when I was not mad at him for being stubborn or rude, I just wanted to hear about his well-being as time was flying and his situation was becoming critical. I pushed away my seat belt as I was feeling choked because of it. 
I made my way towards him, the car was small so I just had to give a small push to my body. I hopped out of my seat to wrap the seat belt across him ensuring his safety. Our nose almost touched, I could hear his heavy breathing. Our eyes met, it was difficult to break the contact but I managed it somehow . "You're going to make through this , okay ?" , I rhetorically questioned cupping my hands in his cheeks whilst giving him a small peck on his forehead.
"I'm no kid Miss Waters ", I realized that I was a bit more carried away in emotions.
"Sorry ", I got back to my seat giving a full stop to my sympathy. " This car looks different than what I learned from ", I analyzed the car. The car did look different but not complicated , I could understand what the parts were meant for . I just faked the drama so that Mr Reynolds could keep himself engaged in explaining and prevent himself from sleeping. 
I pushed in the clutch all the way while turning the key and selected the first gear to set off. "I feel so tired already. Maybe I die on the way but ---"
"shush ", I cut him off 
"Let me speak, I give you the responsibility to complete Pallapora town's project which is carried in my mother's name "
"You're not going anywhere. We are going to the nearest hospital to do your check-up. You will be fine, okay? ", I looked away from him "Fine enough to harass me till the contract actually ends. ", I smiled to cover up the sadness.
I slightly pressed the accelerator pedal using the ball of your right foot to increase the engine revs. Looking at the rev counter, I pressed the accelerator until the revs reach approximately 1500 rpm. This provided the engine with power enabling the car to move. I took charge of the steering confidently and moved accordingly.
"Hey, Mr. Reynolds, you awake ?", he was silent for a while so I guessed that he might have taken a quick nap. I couldn't break my focus whilst driving so I looked straight. 
"mmhmm, you always interrupt me when I am about to sleep. You're paying for this once we return back ", his sleepy condition also was stubborn and demanding. 
"Just shut up. You are not supposed to sleep. Tell me about the things you love", I tried distracting him.
"I do not love anything or anyone rather than myself", his answer was expected and quick so I couldn't even give it a pull by re-questioning 
"Tell me what do you feel about me or my driving", This question popped out of nowhere.
"You're sick, stubborn, clumsy " he paused "annoying but an amazing human being Miss Waters. Everything about you is so different, I have met and fucked a lot of girls but you - " now he was carried away and I was enjoying his confessions "You could be special to me in a good way but you're special to me in a nasty way "
"We never had a good history", I continued sighing.
"No ! the police complaint and the dog accident are not just 2 times when we've met in the past . We've been connected for a long time. You don't even have any idea about it. Your father was---"
I was utterly shocked by the fact that Mr. Reynolds knew my father personally. Flashbacks played in my mind of the day when I discovered my father's name on his telephone directory marked with red ink. I knew that he was a trouble for me because of some reason and now I wanted to know the reason. 
"My father was ? he was what? tell me?", I questioned continuously but got no answer, when I looked towards him I saw that he already fainted. I stopped the car at once, his body was turning cold making my world turn upside down.
###chapter 43
AMANDA'S POV

I pulled over the car at the nearest corner, I saw vehicles around which clearly meant that we were now in some city. I could make that out from the hustle and bustle of people. I went closer to Mr. Reynolds to examine his breathes, Thank God they were normal! A bit slow from usual but was satisfactory enough.
"Hey ! can you instruct me the directions to the nearest hospital ?", I opened the door and asked the local vendor who had a small stall of first copy bags.
"Take a right turn and then keep moving straight. You'll see a big board there, that's your destination. "
"Thanks, Have a good day ", I greeted him and rushed towards the car. Mr. Reynolds did no move, he rested his head on the seat carelessly. I turned the keys in its hole and started the car. I went as per directions given to me by the man, I took turns carefully avoiding any minor accidents which could cause any mishaps.
Just as my vehicle was coming to a stop, I eased the pressure off my brakes while maintaining the pressure on the clutch to avoid a sudden jerky stop, but to my disturbance, my car didn't stop. I tried pressuring hard on the clutch but there was no result. I was agitated by the situation as I didn't have Mr. Reynolds by my side.
I kept adjusting the steering as per the vacancy of the road. Within moments we reached the hospital, my car broke through the gate and paved its way by self as people started to run away out of fear. The front glass shattered into pieces, some even rested on my skin which caused small bruises all over the exposed areas of my body including my face. I took a firm grip of the steering ensuring to prevent the car from traveling into some indistinct place.
On twirling my eyeballs I realized that I now came close to the enormously large hospital's gate, there was a huge tree ahead next to it so I pushed the wheel towards it and as a result, bumped ourselves into it. My head got stuck with the steering, I cornered my eyes to look at Mr. Reynolds, he was unaffected by the firm grip of the seat belt. I looked at him for a while until my vision blurred and I was surrounded by darkness. 
*************************
"Ouch! It's hurting me ", I slowly opened my eyes and realized that there was a big syringe connected to my arm, acquainted by a pipe which supplied me blood through it. "Oh My God, do I lack blood ?", I questioned myself suddenly gaining consciousness about what happened previously. 
I felt the pressure of the bandages over my skin, almost every place across my forehead and hands. I tried to free myself but the syringe kept me glued on the bed so I decided to deject them from my body at once.
"Where is the man I was stuck with ?", I realized after gaining consciousness about Mr. Reynolds. I tried plucking out the injection which was fitted deep within my skin but I failed miserably. Various negative thoughts rotated across my mind regarding Mr. Reynolds, the only three words I was interested in hearing at this very moment was 'he is fine'
"How is he ?", I questioned the nurse who looked away "Goddamn, tell me where the fuck he is?", I loathed re-questioning.
"H-he i-is "
"Stop stammering and clear your tone at this very moment ", I shrieked 
"He's in the ICU, fighting his battle against death ", her tone was slow and low. Her gaze didn't meet mine, she looked around whilst keeping up the conversation "So sorry, I was warned not to speak out your husband's condition to you "
"Can I pay him a visit ", I completely ignored the fact that she just paired us into a couple. All I wanted to do was see him, my mind was completely redirected towards him. A tear rolled through my cheek which made me realize that I was sobbing. 
She removed my medicines from the drawer close by ignoring my desire to meet him ."Guess what? I'm gonna pay him a visit anyway ", I yanked the tube from my hand avoiding the pain which it caused me. 
"Please stay calm, you're supposed to rest ", I grabbed the knife which was placed on the table so as to threaten the nurse to maintain a safe distance away from me.
"Nothing and no one will stop me or I'll cut my veins. Stay away, don't call the doctor. I am fine, I'll certainly be ", I buttoned the hospital's loose shirt which I was wearing.
"I'll come along, please don't go alone. Let me be your guide please ", she wasn't angry at me but instead served me her help.
I nodded and marched out of the room crookedly, she held my hands providing me moral and physical support as my vision was blurred due to the formation of tears under my waterline. "That room is the emergency room ", she pointed towards the ICU which was situated on the corner of the floor. The hospital was massive, clean, and well built.
There was a small glass on the door which allowed us to see through the room, I fastened up my walking position because of which my leg twisted resulting me to fall, I sheltered myself through my palms by resting them on the ICU'S door.
Abandoning my pain I looked through the glass, Mr. Reynolds was on the bed surrounded by 3-doctors. He laid there effortlessly with his eyes closed. I could see the doctors cleaning up his wounds and inserting various machines in his body to speed up the recovery process, science was out of my comfort zone so I didn't really understand what they were doing. 
"It's been an hour madam ", I felt a pat on my shoulder. The nurse tried to alarm me so that I could now move away and rest for myself. "It's my fault, do you see his condition ", I wailed loudly whilst hugging her. 
"Shush, it's fate. It's all destined. He'll be fine if it's in his destiny, no sobbing only praying ", she hugged me back as she patted my back softly.
"I want him back ", I cried even harder this time cursing myself because if he wouldn't have come safeguarding me, something like this wouldn't ever happen to him ."I should've been in his place "
"Everything happens for a reason, love ", the nurse sure was quite optimistic. She dragged me towards the closest seat which bypassed the room. I looked straight towards the ground lost in my thoughts hoping for positive news. I clenched my fists and rested my cheeks over them waiting for the arrival of the doctors.
As soon as the doctor opened the door I ran towards him " How is he, tell me ?" 
"He, umm " he paused for a while and then continued after clearing his throat " We've got 24 hours to diagnose that, follow me to my cabin ", he wanted to talk in private because revealing anything regarding his disease and condition was confidential and against the rules of the hospital.
I followed him to his cabin as he took the lead, I avoided making any sound of my footsteps. The word 'disease' echoed around my ears over and over again. I kept sane and positive just like the nurse suggested to me. 
"Take a seat, Mrs Reynolds, do you want some beverage or plain water ?", he was gentle enough to understand my condition.
"I'm fine, thanks ", my mind revolved around the word 'Mrs' but I didn't really clear his misunderstanding as he'd tell me every minute detail of his condition if he considered me his spouse and if he happened to know our relation he wouldn't spill out any beans.
"So how long will it take for him to recover ", I took a seat whilst furrowing my brows. 
"Mrs. Reynolds, he is currently in an extremely critical situation. We have 24 hours to figure out that whether his body will respond to our treatment or " I swallowed deep out of stress " Or I think you're smart enough to figure out the consequences, keep him in your prayers as he is in need of them ", I quickly wiped the tears which were enrolling through my eyes. "Call all of your family members, the ones which are precisely close to him ".
"Can I pay him a visit?" I asked hesitantly.
"One more thing, you can examine his pulse through the electrocardiogram. Its currently moving slowly, there's a small check of the beats down. The moment you see any movement, whether a rise or fall, press the bell on the right-hand corner of the patient's bed. It's not that we don't have nurses for taking up this responsibility but since you're his wife I'll assume that you may want to spend the remaining hours of his life with him ."
"Remaining ?", I questioned startled no matter how much I wanted to punch him on his face for uttering that word out of his mouth.
"I'm so sorry, there's yet a 20% chance for his recovery. So sorry ", he stated the obvious.
###chapter 44
I scowled at him and left his cabin. I took longer steps than usual and halted straight in the emergency room. " I'll take up from this ", I signaled the nurse to leave the room and she did as per instructed.
I took the closest seat from the bed and sat next to him looking at his pale face and body. I took his hand in mine carefully so that I couldn't misplace the syringe which was connected to his upper arm. "Are you going to stay like this forever ", my waterline was already moist by now. 
I never knew that this man would affect me to this extent. I've always wanted to put a full stop on his cruel sarcastic mouth but when it was happening actually, I was losing my senses. All I wanted at this moment was to hear negative comments on every dialogue of mine, to hear sarcasm, and to be judged.
"hey, wake up. You've got more than 5 months to torture me. I am looking forward to tolerating them as I've signed those contract papers and successfully completed a month from that day .", a tear traveled through my chin and took its place on the hand I was holding. I wiped it with my bare hands and kissed it softly.
I gazed at him and the electrocardiogram turn by turn for a while expecting a movement, there was none. With every passing moment I lost my hope to have him back but I had faith in the almighty as he wouldn't let me regret this for the rest of my life. 
"What do you want from me God ?', I looked up knowing my behavior was childish but I practiced it anyway. "I'm not going to answer him back rudely, arrogantly, harshly, and wickedly. Just make him fine and I'll never speak badly to him till he recovers ", I thought for a while "Okay for a whole month. I tried bribing God whilst making an agreement with him.
I was drowsy as I myself didn't recover perfectly, my head hurt and every joint in my body felt weak but I'd almost forgotten every pain of mine after looking at his condition. 
I placed my head close to his hand without shifting my sitting position. My head started to feel heavy, maybe because of stress and crying so I kept my eyes closed.
Suddenly, I felt a little movement in my hair. I raised my head once to check out on him. His fingers moved a bit, I quickly turned my direction towards the machine and to my surprise, there was an increase in its movement too. I pressed the warning bell innumerable times until the doctor and his staff arrived. 
"Woah ! not less than a miracle ", the doctor remarked focusing his attention on the electrocardiogram. "Wait for us outside Miss Reynolds, we'll inform you once we're done. ", the doctor then gave clear instructions to his team about the surgery. I made my way towards the exit.
"So you now have to believe that destiny has a plan which included you two together ", the senior nurse once again came and sat next to me.
"I don't even know what do we have ", I rested my chin on my fist. 
"Well I can make out things from your part at least ", she looked in my eyes and smiled.
"It's like one moment we're having a happy time and the other moment we're fighting. He puts me in trouble all the time and is the first one to help me escape the troubles of my life too. He shouts at me all the time but can't resist when I'm being shouted by a hooligan. I don't understand him and I guess, I never will ", yes I was blabbering out these things to a complete stranger, though she felt familiar.
"Leave it on time and fate and let things happen as they're destined to be ", she suggested.
"Thanks for listening to me ", I felt relief.
"But certainly don't ever lose up an opportunity just because you think there is zero possibility for it to arise. Fight for the things and people you like regardless of their thoughts. I've had real bad memories, I don't want you to experience the same ", I heard every word which escaped her mouth carefully.
I side hugged her for comforting me and advising me, it felt like I was acquainted with her and I had no idea how.
I sat there still looking at the red light over the door of the emergency room. It was almost 2 hours but there was no sign of the doctors. As soon as the light dimmed, the senior doctor marched out and came towards me. I stood up at once showing him respect.
"He's out of danger, will be conscious anytime now ", I hopped out of excitement and hugged the doctor. My hugging reflexes are yet to be trained so as to stop pouncing on any unknown person. 
"Congratulations Mrs. Reynolds, your prayers paid well. I suggest you yourself should take some rest now but first eat something ", he smiled gently.
"Yes, I will, thank you so much ", I shook his hands and turned towards my ward.
I sipped tea after eating biscuits. I didn't really feel like eating anything heavy no matter how much the doctor suggested me to. I took my medicines with water without making any excuse.
"Is he awake ?", I questioned the nurse to which she nodded which clearly meant a no "Can you please have a look and notify me? ", I asked for a favor. 
"Yes, of course ", she turned around and left the room. After a couple of moments, she was back "the nurse there said to me that he gained consciousness some minutes ago, he's resting again now "
"I'll go look over ", I skipped the sweet lime juice she bought for me and paved my way towards him. I peeped through the door, his eyes were closed so I took slow and soft footsteps than usual. I took my old place and sat there observing him for a while.
I stood up and went closer to him, there were pipes connected through his nose. I pushed away from the tiny hair from his forehead, his face was now clean and properly bandaged from all the wounds. I gave a small peck on his forehead continued by his nose and later on his lips. I just felt the desire to do this, I didn't intend to.
I then heard footsteps so I regained my original position. The doctor showed up again as he examined the condition of Mr. Reynolds. He gave me a quick smile to which I smiled back. In a while, I saw Mr. Reynolds opening his eyes slowly.
"Welcome back Aaron ", the doctor greeted him. 
"Oh My God Finally! ", I sighed.
"I must say, you've won the biggest battle of your life ", the doctor encouraged.
"I never lose ", he stated, now I could feel him back.
"You've got a wonderful woman, never let go off her. She's been here and prayed for you until you were out of danger ", the doctor now was making my situation critical as I didn't really want him to know that I cared.
"MM-hmm ?", he looked at the doctor with surprise in his eyes, he later focused his attention towards me and raised a brow. I didn't understand what it clearly meant but it really felt awkward now. 
"I'll now give the husband and his wife some space ", the doctor gave a sly smile and left making the situation more worse as I now definitely owed him an explanation.
"Look, Mr Reynolds, it's not how it seems. Only family members were allowed to know your well-being and condition. They assumed me your wife so I just added up to that assumption by keeping up with Mrs. Reynolds. Sorry ", I said all the lines in one breath.
"I never asked you for an explanation. You've played my wife earlier eh ", he surprisingly didn't mind. I was astonished at his reaction.
"Did you take your medicines ?", I asked, cutting the topic.
"I did . how about you ?", he questioned. A part of me was shocked because the bad-ass boss was inquiring upon my well being.
"I did ", I answered with a pleasant smile.
"Maybe you should rest, you don't look well yourself ", I nodded and left his room.
###chapter 45
Amanda's POV 

{{A week later}}

"How long will it take for you to complete the discharge procedure? ", Mr. Reynolds literally screamed out of his lungs clenching his teeth giving a disappointed look to the doctor. 
He was now shifted to a better VIP room as per his demand. It truly felt like some 5-star hotel. There was a Huge television accompanied by various CD's. The room had an amazing view from the window which showcased the mountains and nature's serenity since we were in some hilly area.
"Calm down ", I tried to ease him. 
"You're not perfectly stable yet, Mr. Reynolds ", the doctor checked over the files by flipping the pages of his health report. 
"You don't tell me about my stability Doc plus I've one of the best medical crew who'll look after me once I reach home ", he didn't look much satisfied with the doctor's statement and did I mention he was back to being the old him who loved speaking about his power and wealth. 
"Mrs. Reynolds, convince him that it's for his betterment ", The doctor looked at me but little did he know about our relationship.
" 'Mrs' doesn't has the right to command over his Mister ", he exaggerated the word Mrs whilst looking at me with cornered eyes smirking. 
I nodded to what he said without making any eye contacts. "Give me the check so that my person could come over to clear, can I make a call? ", he urged for a cell phone. 
"here you go ", the doctor handed his phone to Mr. Reynolds who quickly dialed the number on the screen.
"Hey William, I'm stuck in some local hospital", he had the guts to insult the place which saved his life "Come pick me up", he stood silent listening to the person on the other side of the phone "Uh-yeah, the name? ", he interrogated turning towards the doctor. 
"Starwings Hospital "
"Some Starwings hospital, google up the location and make sure you carry with you something appropriate for me to wear ", he instructed William. 
I looked at him frowning moving my gaze through my clothing - a loose hospital's shirt and matching colored pajamas. "Get a pair of a woman's dress too", he heard the person with a straight face and instinctively replied "You're no one to question me, you're only supposed to nod and say yes", he was back to being cold as he canceled the phone fiercely. 
"I'd personally like to tip you Doc, can I have your Bank account? ", he pushed his hands out, the doctor shook it gently. 
"Aaron, it's fine. You don't have to do this ", the doctor didn't look much convinced with the words that fall off from his mouth. 
"Oh come on Doc, I make sure I pay everyone so that no one owes me anything. ", I knew why he did such stunt all the time, he always wanted himself to be superior of all so that in future no one could claim anything away from him. 
"We're going Home Miss Waters, we're leaving tonight ", Mr. Reynolds first made sure that the doctor exited the room. 
"Okay", I simply nodded. 
I marched towards my room which was very ordinary and simple. I laid on the bed thinking about the drama I've been having lately in my life. The ceiling on the top showcased calmness and gazing over it simply gave me peace. 
I laid for almost 2 hours just turning up my position either on the left or on the right, I couldn't sleep. If only I could flush away the thoughts. I decided to take a walk through the hospital so as to feel less of a loner. I brushed my hair gently looking at the mirror and walked out of the room bare-handed. 
"Have a good day"
"You too", I greeted the nurse with a pleasant smile. 
I climbed upstairs to take a look at the terrace, I refused to take up the elevator since I had ample amount of time to waste. 
Walking across the 5th floor I noticed that everyone was above their 50's. They had one thing in common, they were mentally unstable and had two nurses with them on their sides. 
"Maybe I should just walk away ", I gave myself a safety check. 
"Or maybe I should just look over at their lives and their struggle to make through every day ", I never was able to take a stand on one thing. 
I went across the doors looking through the small glasses of the doors, I saw some talking with dolls, while the others painting themselves. Some laughed till no limits while some cried effortlessly. I was shaken by life so much that it resulted in goosebumps. 
"Mr. Ashton Reynolds ", I read the tagline over the door. My legs stopped at the reaction of my eyes towards that name. I picked up my courage and strength and opened the door by turning the knob. 
A man laid there with his eyes closed, he resembled Mr. Reynolds so much. I went closer to him enlarging my view through my eye lenses. There was no one in his room so it wasn't much difficult for me to pop in. 
"hey, what are you doing here? ", A nurse marched it with an injection in her hand. 
"Just fast-flying across this place, no specific agenda ", I tried greeting her with a smile. 
She smiled back "As per the rules we aren't allowed to let people in without the visiting card. Do you have one? ", she inquired. 
"I don't. Oops. But I'm guessing I know this man", I turned towards him "what's wrong with him? ", I kept my focus on Mr. Ashton who looked so peaceful whilst sleeping. 
" He's in a state of deep and prolonged unconsciousness, scientifically we call it Coma ", she injected him with the syringe she held.
" So no one ever visits him? Like his family or friends? Someone with whom he's acquainted with? ", I flooded similar questions demanding an answer from at least one. 
"He's been shifted here a month ago, we tried contacting his son but he fails to answer us as there's no current contact number of his in our records. We get payments on his behalf from some man of his age, he visits him every second Saturday. That's all I know ", she reluctantly smiled.
###chapter 46
I saw a photo frame next to the bed, I took a grip of it at once. My eyes widened extensively on the view --It had Mr. Ashton along with his wife, his hands rested on his wife's right shoulders. There was a man who rested his hands on Mrs. Reynold's left shoulders, it was my dad. My grip over the picture loosened up but I at once caught it tightly so as to prevent it from breaking into pieces. 
"He's the man who visits him and pays his bills", the nurse pointed at my father's picture. "Now if you're done investigating, I suppose you should leave "
"Can I take the picture along? ", I somewhere knew the answer. 
"You're not allowed to. Besides, this is the only belonging of this man which can make him remember his identity when he wakes up. I apologize ", she flung his hand towards the door signaling me to walk out. 
My mind was not only distracted at this moment but it also emerged a lot of negative thoughts within itself. My father definitely was somehow connected to the 'Reynolds '. Suddenly, flashbacks crossed my mind from the very day I saw My father's name in his telephone directory to that day in the car when Mr. Reynolds told us we had a history .
I was certainly convinced that we definitely didn't have some good family history and I now I understood the purpose of me, being employed as his secretary as his holy motive would be to torture me.
I took the elevator as quickly after browsing his room once again as I could as I wanted to inform him that his father is upstairs so that he could pay him a visit. I knew that this action of mine will either lead to positive consequences or vice-versa. 
On reaching the floor, I outstretched my legs forwardly towards Mr. Reynolds's hospital room. My eyeballs didn't catch his sight so I took a view around, being unable to locate him I sat on his bed resting my back over the mountains of the super fluffy pillows. 
I tore the packets of chips which was in the mini-fridge closer to the right side of the bed and ate it crunching them with my teeth. I loved the noise so every time I ate one I made sure that the voice grew louder but what I liked about this 5-star room was that everything was available in hand.
"Oh I see a stalker ", Mr. Reynolds changed the uniform outfit of this place, he wore a loose pink shirt which exposed all of his body, it was light cotton in material and turned my heart heavy making me want to stargaze all day. 
"Uh -oh ", I threw the packet of chips, actually his voice hit my reflex so it was not something I wanted to do. 
"Calm down your nerves Miss Waters, I won't crunch you down ", he had an amused expression which definitely gave me a clear picture of his mood. "So why are you here again ?", he interrogated.
Oh Damn, I was so enchanted with the packet of chips that I totally forgot the purpose of me being here. "I was a-a j-just I-I ", I stammered as I couldn't really phrase up my sentence. I was scared of the consequence plus excited for him to see his father. 
He must have tried to keep in touch with him but maybe would've failed to trace him. I didn't know the family drama because at this instance I was concerned about knowing my father's role in their story which I'll eventually find out through my mother hopefully.
"S-Speak Miss Waters ", he tried mimicking me keeping up with the smirk.
I frowned "I know you're not going to be satisfied with what I'm going to tell you right now but I'll say it anyway ", I looked away turning my back towards his face because this way it would be easier "I saw your father today, he's upstairs. He isn't physically and mentally stable. I suppose you should pay him a visit ." I didn't hear anything, silence plastered the atmosphere so I further continued "I found a friendly picture of your parents with my father too, maybe they are acquainted "
I cornered my eyes to take a gist of the atmosphere through the outcome of my words. Mr. Reynolds stood there calm, silent, and shocked. As soon as my eyes met his, he rushed towards me pinning me on the wall, taking grip over my arms violently. His actions were hurting me as well as the irrevocable wounds of mine.
"Why the fuck did you go upstairs ", he pushed me back towards the wall when I tried to escape.
"I swear I didn't intend to ", I knew I was going to be in trouble but never imagined to this extent.
"No Miss Waters, I don't believe in your ugly swears . ", his eyes were cold and turned a shade dark by now.
"I need answers, why is my father with your parents. Why don't you visit him ever and why do you fail to attend all of the hospital's calls regarding your father? ", I looked straight in his eyes covering up my fearfulness.
"Because he fucking deserves this place, because he fucking deserves to stay insane ", he pinched my arms with his hands causing me irresistible pain.
"But I don't fucking deserve to be treated this way and most importantly work for you as your secretary ", I used the same cuss words . "now I understand why you appointed me at first place"
"Doesn't matter, you're already bound to work with me. You're legally in a contract with me, just so you remember ", tears flew through my eyes, I wanted to act strong but I failed. The man I thought had changed a bit regained his original devilish nature, the man I almost made out with fails to even call me by my first name. I had this super cute illusion of mine which was now turning into an ugly reality check.
"Where are we going ?", he loosened his grip from me and pulled me vigorously towards the door. "I am not willing to come with you wherever ", I stated whilst being exerted by him.
"We're heading home ", this only three words escaped his mouth. 
We were now in the parking area, I was yet in the hospital's uniform. He let go off his grip over me, a small bruise appeared on my wrist because of being lugged by Inhumans. I blew air with my mouth over the bruise to stop the burning pain, there was no result though.
2 black BMW's came towards our direction, a man properly-suited opened the door for Mr. Reynolds, he at once took his seat. I tried getting in but I was stopped "Not with me Miss, we've already had our quality time. You can take the car at the back ", I peeped him through the glass, he turned the pages of the economic times to study the market's fluctuations.
I closed the car's door which flung open with my legs out of annoyance. He didn't dare to look away from his newspaper. I thumped my legs as I walked through the car and took the back-seat at once.
I laid over the seat as there was no one in the car except for me and the driver. I closed my eyes trying to forget about today but my mind redirected me towards the picture I found in Mr. Ashton's room. Both the cars took off together, I decided to stay still and have a nap till I reach home.
I woke up to the deafening horn of the car. The driver was doing that on purpose to wake me so I gave him a frowning shut-up-or-I'll-kill-you look. He stopped immediately as I woke up. I banged the door making sure he realized my annoyance and walked in.
I opened the door slowly as it was dark already. "Mom, I'm home ", I yelled out of my lungs making my voice echo at this peak time. 
"My baby ", Mom rushed instinctively from her room, and teddy hugged me "How was your trip, love ".
"Trip? ", I questioned pinpointing the last word of her sentence. Mom looked shocked at my reaction too. 
"Yes, the trip. The trip was one of the best trips ever. I learned so much, gave me life lessons. Worth my time ", I remembered about the text message that James sent making my kidnap look like a business trip. 
"Do you want to eat something and why are these marks and bruises all over your body ? ", She looked concerned.
"Had a little accident. No, I ate something during my way home so I'm full. Thanks ", I lied in both my answers. "I'm sleepy. Goodnight", I kissed my mom on her forehead avoiding all her questions and went upstairs to my room, pouncing on the bed after freshening up. 
***************
"Here's your coffee ", its been three days now, I haven't left my room yet. I never felt like to step my toes out of my room. Mom gets me breakfast every morning, I walk down for lunch and skip dinner every night. The painful flashbacks keep striking me regardless of how much I tried to divert my mind watching Nicholas Sparks's movies over and over again.
"Mom, I need to ask you a question ", I stuffed the first layer of pancakes, gulping it with orange juice.
"Bring it on ", Mom nodded.
"How is dad familiar with Ashton Reynolds ?", I kept my point straight.
"Oh. Amanda, you don't need to know about that. You really don't ", she looked away.
"I want to. Please ", I convinced.
"Fine. I don't really want to get into it in detail ", Mom took a deep breath " I am not sure about it but I guess your father cheated on me with Ashton's wife, he was Ashton's best friend at one time but then considering this fact I guess my doubt on him was irrelevant. My story on him is just what I assumed back then, its not confidential .", I furrowed my brows out of confusion.
"But Dad said, he was not interested in you anymore. He wanted to spend his life with someone of the same gender as he claimed himself pansexual ", I wasn't much satisfied with mom's answer.
"I did tell you that I have less idea of your father's life. He never really talked to me about his personal life ", She sighed so I kept my hand on hers giving her comfort, "All I can say is that Ashton, Emily, and your father had something in between, something very dark and violent ."
"Oh no", I covered my mouth with my hands symbolizing shock "Which means there's something dark between our families which made Mr. Reynolds what he is today, which makes him hate me more than what I deserve "
"I did want to warn you before entering that office but I also didn't want to keep you in the bars. I wanted to see you strong and confident, I guess I failed ", a tear traveled through mom's cheek.
"No, You always win mom. You made a week little girl, a strong woman today ", I engulfed mom into a hug and ended the topic right away as of now I decided the ices to take the shape as per the container which means that let the situation go as it is going.
###chapter 47
AMANDA'S POV

{{ A week later }}

I was alerted from sleep at 10 am because of the continuous beep from the alarm clock. I shut it down by pushing off the stop button. Yeah, after losing my phone I managed to take a new one at an affordable price. I ported the same number by lodging a complaint at the customer care, I'm glad it wasn't much of a procedure. 
"Hello, I'm sorry I lost all my contacts. May I know who's this ?", I picked up the phone which vibrated.
"Oh ! This is supposed to be the person you totally forgot about. How long will it take for you to recover, I've been through the same state as you but I joined the very second day after returning. I guess you really want me to cut down your salary ", anger could be felt in his words.
"Uh! Mr -- ", I paused for a while.
"Yeah! Mr. Reynolds ", he sounded angrier now "Oh that's me wow. Come straight to the point Miss Waters, do not think about an excuse in the meanwhile."
I punched my pillow out of anger and continued "I'll see you in a while---" I heard a beep, taking a quick view I realized that he already hung up. I frowned and saved his contact as 'Mr. Richie Rich' and hopped in the bathroom for a shower as it was the time to flush away the wrong happenings of the past and focus on the future.
I wore a brown shirt and paired it with beige skin-fit jeans. I twirled a scarf around my neck as it was very cold out. I pushed some raw sandwiches in my mouth before taking an exit. 
"What the fuck ", I yelled due to the immense pressure on my body by two torsos. On examining closely I couldn't control my grin as it was Gina and Francis. I hugged them back tightly.
"Woah, paying me a visit this early. Quite impressive ", I was being sarcastic no doubt.
"We inquired about you, your mother suggested us to stay away as she wanted you to have your lone time during rehab. Yet, I apologize ", Gina sounded low.
"Hey, I totally believe in you. Tell me what all I missed this week ", we walked towards Francis's car as he took over the driver seat.
"Cars are turning out to be scary for me now ", my mind escaped in a flashback and then fell back to normal. "Drive slowly and safely ", I advised Francis as I and Gina took the back seat. 
"tell me everything I missed ", I tried diverting my mind.
Gina's cheek reddened "I - um got official with Samuel ", a smile escaped her lips and she looked towards the window blushing. I coughed paving her out of her thoughts so she continued "he decided to let everyone know as we took another step already "
"Another step umm ", Francis mimicked making her embarrassed. I pinched him on his arm so that he'd stop teasing her.
"Was your first time pleasant ?", I was curious now, Gina focused on my questions nicely now. I could feel her happy like very very happy. They say your face glows when in love, now I know why. 
This was Gina's third love interest, not that I am judging her. I had proposals in the past too, some were very interested in me and I liked some of them too but I ruined every opportunity because of my stubbornness and ego. Now is the time when I don't believe it may be because of my last love interest. 'Stupid story', I pinched myself getting out of my dream world.
"It was kind of funny, he couldn't locate the c-c", she stammered.
"The clit ouch, I told you that I'm good at bed but you had to do it with him ", his voice sounded like a dramatic neighbor.
"Francisssssss ", Gina's voice echoed in the car, it was so loudly infuriating.
"I guess I'll shut up now. So how did he manage after locating the clit ", he sounded curious in a bad way so that he'll burst out in laughter on her next sentence but to my surprise, he didn't. We listened to the rest of the story without passing any judgment. We did laugh at times but it was okay.
"Enough of me, tell me about you now. What did you do when you were apart ", Gina looked puzzled, I couldn't sense Francis's expression as he was driving.
I knew that it was my turn now so I initiated from the start and told them how he rescued me from the garage kinda woody house, how we ended in the jungle, and how we roamed around searching for a stay.
"Cut it, tell us did he get cozy with you ", Francis never left an opportunity to speak dirty.
"I was coming to that, can you just zip your filthy mouth and listen to my story ", I narrated the whole incident, Francis was so desperate to capture my expressions that he stopped the car and parked it on the left side of the road.
"Just like a fairy tale prince ", Gina's mind was revolving around one princess tale by now.
"Oh, you know fairy tales are overrated ", I contradicted her statement " and just so you know that he was back to being the old he on our return journey to home so whatever feelings I gained for him terminated that very second.", I sighed.
Coming to the tragic part I added seriousness to my tone and then recited everything which connected his father to mine. Their facial expression defined agitation and confusion but they managed to plaster it with a smile.
"Let things go how they are destined to ", Gina suggested.
"Just what I thought ", Francis pushed the music button on so as to calm the seriousness in the atmosphere. He dropped me to my office minutes later and they both waved me final goodbyes. 
I straightened my shirt and tucked the portion which loosened a bit, I folded my scarf as smallest as I could and zipped my bag after placing it in. I was scared to enter the office, not that I haven't been scared earlier but this was supposedly different. A shiver ran through my spine on reaching the elevator, it reminded me how I met James here for the first time.
He scared me more than lizards if that explains my fright towards him. I pushed the '7' button so as to reach upon the floor. I folded my arms and stood stiff waiting to arrive at my destination. I marched out at once reaching the floor, threw my bag in my cabin, and penetrated out of it.
"can I come in ?", I knocked on the door slowly waiting for a reaction. I still remember how he told me to re-enter when I forgot to knock so asking permission was now turning into a habit.
"Get in ", I heard a seductive voice so I just let out my sensuous thoughts and walked in.
###chapter 48
"I um can you guide me with my work. I feel lost ", I framed my sentence as I felt lost for words. 'What's wrong with me', I whispered under my breath.
"As much I remember Miss Waters, you never had a memory loss ", he arched his right eyebrow but didn't divert his attention from the laptop. The flash on the screen reflected his dark blue eyes making them shinier. 'Stop noticing him Amms', my mind was redirected towards shitty stuff a lot today.
"sorry ", I apologized.
"Another fake apology ", he sarcastically remarked. I literally saved his wealth to which I never got appreciated for once, no matter he saved me in exchange.
"Let's deem to forget everything which we went through ", his eyes now met with mine. His jaws clenched with his hands as he rested his elbows on the table. "Our kiss and everything meant nothing to me and should not mean anything to you too. It was a necessity for the moment ", he yet looked at me.
"Not that I consider it something Mr. Reynolds ", I lied as it did mean something, my voice turned heavy but I controlled and kept it normal. 
"Good for you ! ", he smirked examining my dress and then towards my face again " Here is the pen drive which has your sister's short video ", he lifted his hand which held the pen drive.
"Thanks ", I took it from his hands and kept it inside the pocket of my jeans.
"Every video which was possessed in James's electronic appliances has been deleted by my technical team. I wanted you to keep the last piece with you so I handed you over. You helped me with my problem so I returned the favor. We're 1:1 now ", his straight face was constant.
"Thanks again ", I hissed.
"Not interested ", he turned the pages of the file he held. "I want you to separate the purchase and sale registers as per the years and cross-check the entries in the books of accounts. I don't trust the auditors so I want you to complete the work yourself. Pay special attention from the day you went missing ", oh hi Mr. Reynolds it was 'we' but he definitely didn't want to sound weak. 
I tried placing the files on one upon the other to make a heap so that I could carry them freely to my cabin.I carried them aloft but then ended up collapsing them on the ground, not that it was due to my clumsy nature but the weight was too much for me to handle.
"Can't you do one work in a proper manner ", he vexed.
"I am so sorry, didn't mean too ", one of my umpteenth apologies for the day.
"Stay here, do the work right here. You're urging to go to your cabin because you want to waste your time there. Do the work here in front of my eyes ."
"I can't, I'll be more comfortable in my territory ", I objected.
"Do as I say.", he ordered in his bossy tone.
"Fine ", I thumped my legs and sat on the chair which confronted his, the only hurdle between us was the table. I placed the files on the table haphazardly as I wanted to annoy him so that he'd send me in my cabin himself.
Silence caressed the atmosphere except for the sound generated by the flipping of the file's pages. "I need tea ", I craved for it. I was more of a tea person and always chose tea over coffee.
"I'm not a babysitter Miss Waters, you can get yourself one. Get me an Espresso on your way back from the canteen ", he demanded knowing the fact that he could've simply placed a call to the peon who'd get him that but he simply wanted to exasperate me.
"I will sir, are you diabetic ?"
"Why the fuck did this question arise from ?", he questioned back
"Just so I don't add much sugar in your esssspressso ", I hissed.
"I don't prefer sugar. Tell them who's it for and they'll make it my way ", he sounded arrogant and rude.
I left the cabin at once as the silence was getting on my nerves. "Hey Amanda what's up. Long time no see ", a fair girl came towards me grinning. I did encounter her before but failed to recollect her name.
"Hi Sweetheart, I never ran into someone so familiar before. At our last meet I forgot to take your number. Can I have it now ?, Tell me your perfect spelling ", I learned this trick from Francis as he always forgot the names of girls because they were in excess.
"Sonia Josephs ", she spelled her name whilst taking a pause after every letter.
"So good to see you again Sonia ", I hugged her.
"I reciprocate the feelings ", she hugged me back.
I went towards the counter and placed my order for one classical tea and Mr. Reynolds's espresso specifying his name. I took a sip as it refreshed my mind and then carried the tray in my hand.
"I'll bid you farewell since I have a break and plenty amount of time to waste ", Sonia never failed to smile. Her smile was so encouraging.
"That'll be amazing ", I winked.
"Does he corresponds in the same way now because it been a record that someone has stayed this long with him. 1.5 months is quite amazing. Very impressive eh ", she looked puzzled.
"of which, almost 17 days I was in exile ", I muttered in my breadth.
"What? Did you say something ? she interrogated.
"Nothing at all ", I answered giving a fake smile.
"I'll see you around then ", she waved off.
"willing to ", I replied back instinctively.
My mouth formed an 'o' out of shock, all the stuff which I held in my hands loosened its grip and as a result, it fell on the tiles over the floor. The espresso's cup broke into pieces as it littered across the floor and my tea mixed with it. James stood there in rugged jeans shirtless which showed of his wounded torso.
Three of Mr. Reynolds's man completely dressed up in a suit caught him as his hands were handcuffed. His wounds were visible from afar and I knew well that these were the consequences for betraying Mr. Reynolds.
They threw him in front of Mr. Reynolds through their legs by kicking him on his ass. James' eyes showed pain but it didn't show guilt, not even a percent. His eyes met mine as he turned around, cold shivers ran through my spine that moment resulting in goosebumps and I looked away.
"I am sorry brother ", James hugged Mr. Reynolds' legs, he kicked him on his chest with all his might.
I took a back step out of fear. My lips parted but I couldn't speak, I stood in one corner as quiet as I could. 
"The apology period ended long back, I did try to negotiate "', his face was fuming red out of anger "Time for some action ", he kicked him continuously and ruthlessly. I caught my ears avoiding the painful noises which were James' reaction to his punishment.
James tried to crawl whilst taking support from his knees, Mr. Reynolds dragged him upright from his collar making him stand face to face with him. "Douchebag ", he cussed out loudly and punched him on his nose which instinctively resulted in bleeding. He kicked him on his stomach with his pointed shoes, he shrieked in pain.
Mr. Reynolds ruthlessly pinched him towards the wall grabbed his chin so that he looked straight in his eyes "I share no mercy with the people who go against me or try to deceit me. You get no last chances. You were one of the people to whom I was affectionate, we matched no blood but I always considered you my brother. I am glad I'm all to myself now ", his face was cold and dark threatening every bone in my body, though he wasn't after me
"Here's the gun sir ", one of the men threw it towards Mr. Reynolds, he caught it with his left hand.
He threw the gun again towards the men back after thinking for a moment" I don't want to get into legal matters. Take him to the same forest and make sure he dies a slow painful death ", his eyes were cold and lacked humanity in all senses ."Oh no wait ", he signaled the men to stop. He came towards me and pulled me closer violently by my left forearm
"Don't do this Mr. Reynolds ", I tried to get away from the situation.
"Come on Miss Waters, he's your backstabber too ", he pushed me at a point where I was very close with James, he laid on the floor in pain all shredded with wounds exposed to blood. He crawled towards me and tried hugging my legs asking for forgiveness, I hopped out panicking. I side hugged Mr. Reynolds closing my eyes whilst resting my face in his arms. 
"Just take him away ", I kept my eyes closed. 
"Kill him and make it look like a suicide ", he directed the men and ordered them to leave.
I slowly opened my eyes staying in the same position, I caught a small gaze of James. When our eyes met, he smirked at me. It not only looked evil but also devilish, no better synonym could describe his facial expression.
My eyes widened out of shock, my lips failed to purse as I swallowed in fear. "Take this ", Mr. Reynolds handed me a bottle of mineral water as he seated me on the chair. I gulped a sip and closed the cap and kept it aside. 
The negative memories rushed again, maybe Mr. Reynolds could've killed him right away. What if he returned? , I looked at the shitload of work and tried paving out all the negative thoughts which flooded like a tsunami in my mind.
###chapter 49
AMANDA'S POV

"Please Mr. Reynolds, my eyes and head are in complete agony ", I turned another page of the sale's registrar crosschecking the entry on the laptop.
"Miss Waters your melodrama seems to multiply after every consequent day since you've joined. Maybe you can finish it off as fast as you can because I'm not allowing you to leave the premises before doing the work " he shrugged and continued " I may leave when it's time for me though " 
'The octopus eats itself when stressed, now that's melodramatic ', my sub-conscience wanted to speak up aloud but didn't have the courage to. 
"Dickhead ", I cussed under my breath.
"I heard you, doesn't bother me ", he smirked arching his brow which definitely bothered me.
I extended my lips making it look like a smile which wasn't, to be honest. I fastened up my speed realizing that half of the work was pending yet. In the meanwhile, Mr. Reynolds attended to phone calls traveling across the cabin. All he did was command, blame, and shout at the people on the other side of the phone in high pitched voice. His voice was displeasing to my ears. 
"What the fuck ?", I heard one of the umpteenth fucks from his side to the person on the other side. He punched the table with all his strength giving it a small crack, I stopped working at once. I sat hushed and forewarned myself about the consequences as I was the teddy he punched when vexed.
"How the fuck did he escape 3 well-trained professionals. I literally warned every single one of you about his fugitive nature. You all are as good as losers. Fuck yourself ", he canceled the phone and threw it on the floor, it broke instinctively.
"I had this intuition. He'll come after us again, this time it's gonna be worse for real ", my eyes widened out of trepidation. This news shook me from inside, I stood upright and took steps backward "I need to go hide, he'll kill me "
I was alarmed when Mr. Reynolds caught me tightly intertwining my fingers with his "You don't know Mr. Reynolds, his smirk was dreadful. ", I pushed him away trying to abscond.
"Chill, take a deep breath. You're strong, okay ?", he caressed my baby hair and pushed them behind my ears gently.
" I am not strong, I'm vulnerable. You don't get it, I failed to save Samarrah, I caused danger to your life, I cause trouble wherever I go ", I face-palmed hiding the tears which were released by now.
"You saved me, you saved your sister. I wish you could've saved me ", he paused and pulled me closer releasing my hands from my face while he cupped his hands on my face. "Stay strong, nothing will happen to you because of James, I assure. He's my enemy, I won't let him harm you just because you're acquainted with me ", he reassured keeping his grip over me.
"I believe in you ", I looked into his dark blue eyes. I pulled myself apart on gaining consciousness about our position. I looked away as I knew that gaining closeness will only result in breaking my fragile heart.
"Go home ", he ordered.
"I'm staying. I won't leave until I complete my work, especially on a sympathy basis. ", I landed my ass on the chair and started where I left off.
"Stay, time for me to leave. Lock my cabin and just so you know I've cameras here. Better don't stalk my personal stuff ", he alerted me whilst leaving. I traced his footsteps with my eyes until they were visible and then concentrated on the work again. I completed it within 3 hours after he left, I looked at my wristwatch.
"Oh my God, its 8' o clock already "', I didn't realize about the time when engrossed in work. I turned down the switches after arranging the registrars carefully. Within half an hour I was home as there wasn't much traffic on the road.
I uncurled the scarf from my neck and threw it to the nearest sofa, I was going to be shouted at my lazy behavior but what else does mom's expect from working women ? "Mom, I'm home ", I screamed my lungs out signaling my mum to get me dinner. I freshened up in mom's room as it was closer to the kitchen and took a seat on the dining table.
Mom carried a plate in her right hand and accompanied the left with a bottle of water. She sat next to me and served me from the dishes which were on the dining table. "Where's Sam ?", I questioned Mom about my younger sister literally for the first time after my kidnap due to my guilt as I was unable to save her sex tape from James, Mr. Reynolds was savage once again.
"She's been on a trip with her friend-"
"Friends? Why did you send her mum being aware of her condition ?",I objected after swallowing the food.
"She never listens to me, I didn't want to push her into any restrictions of mine. I just want her to be happy "
"But she's making a mess out of her life, you don't get it ", I stopped eating at once ." Well, did she aborted ?", I interrogated.
"She did ", she sighed.
"Uh, I'm such a fool. These all days I had this thought that she was continuing her education and was back to her hostel ", I thumped my legs and marched towards my room as I had enough for today.
I curled on my bed hugging my thighs with my arms and slept, not that it was a peaceful one but satisfactory enough to end up my tiredness. I looked at the clock which hung on the wall perceiving the fact that I was late for college already. "You're already late Ammie, you missed out 3 lectures by now. It's better you rest more ", it was always a struggle between me and me when the question was 'waking up'.
I grabbed the pillow and placed it on my eyes so as to avoid having direct contact with sunlight through the window. I slept again within no seconds. I was alarmed by my alarm clock for the fifth time so I decided to wake up at once. I yanked my bathrobe out of the innumerable unmanageable clothes wearing out from my wardrobe.
I pulled all my hairs back tying them into a ponytail before leaving the house, I wore a long thigh length blue colored plaid skirt and paired it with a white blouse. I complimented my look with mom's black peep toes, she had less idea that I was wearing it if she'd knew she won't allow me to. It was an inch bigger than my usual size so it slipped off my toes when in rush so I walked cautiously. 
I took the bus as a private taxi hired more and I didn't want to waste any money. I reached the office in around 20 minutes, on closely examining the notifications on my phone I realized that there were 78 missed calls of Gina and Francis combined. " I do apologize for not showing up, come over for dinner ?" ,  I left a text message on the group chat.
"Maybe someplace out, decent and classy as I'm out of Instagram pictures ", DAMN! Francis considered having a social life very mandatory.
"Hiring his personal photographers, as usual, anyways I'm in", I could feel Gina frowning.
"I am in too ", I locked my phone and shoved the door as I enrolled myself in the pace of work. I rushed towards the elevator and guided the person towards the seventh floor, I peeped in Mr. Reynolds cabin which was now my daily habit. 
"Oh hi ", a familiar voice greeted me, I observed the man but failed to recollect where I've seen him earlier. I looked at him from head to toe, his outfit was very casual as compared to the office atmosphere. He even had microphones plunged around his neck.
I paused for a while then greeted back at once "hey there, I am sorry I don't recognize you ", I stretched my lips making it look like a smile. He pushed his hand forward towards me and I shook it gently "Oh my goodness, you're the guy whose car was savage that day. It literally saved our lives, Thanks dude ", He was the very guy whose car was made a wreck by me, who helped us that day when we had no chances or hopes.
"Dan Attrey at your service madam ", he winked towards me and I grinned.
"Amanda Waters ", I introduced myself. "Definitely didn't expect you ", I shrugged "Nice to meet you, Dan, finding familiar faces for the second first time are always pleasant " I kept silent for a while "So, what brought you here ", I was curious 
"Mr. Reynolds delivered the car just like he promised ", excitement could be sensed in his eyes "So, I came to thank him but in return, he surprised me more "
"Surprised ?", I interrogated as he was one of the people who wasn't complaining about his arrogant nature.
###chapter 50
"yes he looked upon my qualifications and appointed me as his secretary ", my eyes widened in shock "Oh sorry, I mean manager ", he corrected his statement.
I sighed "You almost scared me ", I turned around to another familiar voice. On examining I realized it was Sonia, I quickly hugged her and introduced both of them to each other as they looked at each other quite indifferently. 
"Okay, now I'll leave both of you pretty ladies to have your time ", Dan waved us a final goodbye and left.
"I'm glad James is replaced by him ", I hated James so much but couldn't stop her from using his name, Sonia definitely didn't seem normal. She was blushing since the moment he left. "Did you notice, he called us pretty ?", she hopped out of excitement. 
I coughed dramatically, "Yeah, he did. I sense someone crushing on the newbie already. He's a nice guy, I assure ", I winked. 
"I saw this guy and totally forgot the purpose of me being here, are you free this Saturday after lunch?"
"Yeah, I am. If Mr. Reynolds doesn't indulge me in some work. If I am free, you have my word. ", I replied after scrolling over the virtual calendar in my mind.
"Let's go for shopping past movie than ", she didn't ask me but in fact told me. I quickly nodded meaning a yes as this was the first time my new friend has asked me something so I simply couldn't say a no. I pointed my thumb towards my cabin meaning that I should keep going, she agreed and left.
I comforted myself in my cabin, drank a sip of water from my bottle, and focused over the spam folder in my mailbox. I opened and read all of them inquiring closely that none of them was as important. "Hello, This is Amanda Waters ", I picked up the telephone before the second bell.
"Come to my cabin without wasting a second ", I rushed at once and got in after taking permission. He didn't look at me making my presence irrelevant.
"Sir ", I said in a tone louder than my original. He looked up and refocused his attention towards the laptop.
"Miss Waters, here's the PowerPoint presentation with every detail of our new launch in the field of soft drinks, I want you to study the presentation. I've mailed you the detail of each slide, you've to be the speaker ."
"Me -what ?", I questioned startled.
"You-yes. I am audible enough, right ?", he rhetorically questioned.
"I need time for that ", I cleared my throat.
"Yes, you have 2 hours until the visitors arrive. Take your time but make sure you're fluent enough. Go through every detail in the mail, I don't want you to present without having any idea about the products line "
I nodded "I'll try my best "
"I want the best, Miss Waters ", I turned around and made way towards my cabin. I unbolted the window of my cabin before unlocking my laptop. I opened the mail and pinned it after saving it so that I could compare it with the PowerPoint presentation. I tried learning everything making gestures with my hand so that I didn't look like a parrot and made a fool out of myself during the presentation.
I learned and over learned as I wanted it to be the best, I wanted to make him proud and get out of the clumsy tag and enter in his good books. I wanted to start fresh and let go of the past, to leave behind every time we fought or when he was intolerant.I settled my hairs preceding towards my dress when it was 10 minutes left. 
I made my way towards the conference room which was on the third floor, I was shocked when I encountered Sonia there . "hey again ", I waved "Didn't expect you with the board of directors "
"I am here to give clear cut information regarding accounting policies and standards ", she was brilliant in that field so I smiled off cutting our conversation and revising over the content I had to present. I took a glimpse over the enormous conference room which had a long rectangular shape table surrounded by chairs throughout. 
It had a projector afar, clear enough to match everyone's vision. Many men and women sat there silently waiting for the presentation to begin. Now, I knew what exactly pin-drop silence stated by my teacher of 1st grade meant. "Good evening sir ", everyone stood up in synchronization as they greeted Mr. Reynolds.
"Good evening ", he tightened his tie and sat on the chair which was situated in the middle, which confronted every chair. I took a seat next to him, not because it was vacant or because I wanted to smell his exquisite cologne but because I was his secretary as everyone knew. 
"So my brilliant employees who all expertise in some field, the board members and other visitors, we have gathered here to discuss upon our new product line launch. My Secretary will proceed with the meeting but before I want my accountant head to provide a small gist of the pricing policies and the pricing structures. He gestured his hand towards Sonia as she quickly stood up and inserted her pen drive to the laptop which connected the projector.
She said everything confidently, gave answers to the questions raised by the members of the board. Looking at her, my confidence faded as I wasn't this prepared after all. I dragged the bottle which was closer to me to gulp away my stress along with water. I cornered my eyes and noticed that Mr. Reynolds wasn't quite impressed by this action of mine.
Its just water, why is it aching in your eyes?
I wiggled my toes, distressed. Yeah, I was an MBA student and I was taught how to face the crowd but I was losing my confidence. My foot felt uneasy as I was wearing my mother's peep toes which didn't fit me perfectly and also slipped off frequently, so I decided to pop them in at once. I straightened my toes beneath the table making my sandal hop in hope for it to fit in.
Holy shit, it didn't. In fact, it didn't even rest close to my foot, I moved my naked food around in the close space to rest them on. To my surprise, my legs trailed over Mr. Reynolds's shoes.
No, no I am not seducing you like in movies. He read my facial expression sensing trouble, my eyebrows furrowed creating a help-me-once-again type of face. He quickly reacted to that, first with an annoyed expression but later he closed both his eyes in sync assuring me to stay calm. 
"So now I come to the last slide ", Sonia removed some sheets from her bag and set the graphs on the presentation as per it. With every consequent word of her, my heart plummeted at the thought of making another childish scene. 
Mr. Reynolds dropped the pen he was playing with, he bent at once to pick it up. The table was covered with a designated white cloth, no one could look at what's hideous inside. I wanted to thank the person who was the interior designer of this place. Mr. Reynolds almost squatted down, he gently moved his hands through my naked sole. 
Fine, stop you're starting to flame up the desires I never had, he quickly comforted my foot with the sandals. Every bone in my body felt weak at his movement, I felt a tickle in my stomach when all he did was ran his hands casually over my foot to cover up my clumsy behavior. I wanted more of whatever he did, I know my demands were overrated but I couldn't help. I swore on my Nutella jar, never to wear mom's sandal again.
I rushed towards the laptop to inject my pen drive since it was my turn. I mouthed a thank you to Mr. Reynolds, he definitely didn't react to that. I then continued my presentation, to my projection nothing went wrong. Everything was satisfactory, I waved the members of the board goodbye bidding them farewell whilst shaking their hands.
"This proposal boasted our hopes and expectations more than what we assumed, see you in Paris Mr. Reynolds . ", they left the room in a mannered queue. I was contented with the thought of staying alone in office till Mr. Reynolds was away in Paris so that these weird thoughts wouldn't strike me again and again.
I examined the time, it was 8 ' o clock already. I promised Gina and Francis dinner tonight so I dashed towards the exit. I didn't want to add up another event to Francis's book named '101 excuses of Amanda for being late'.
###chapter 51
Amanda's POV

By applying a pink lip gloss over the same colored matte lipstick I finished my look. Matte was in fashion undoubtedly but I liked it moist. I side braided my hairs leaving the baby hair out and wore a white knee-length one piece that had a huge belt connected to the waist. 
I wanted to attend the gathering simply wearing a tank top and pajamas but Gina would've frowned. She always taunted me for not getting ready like every bimbo did. I gathered my credit card, some money, and my lip gloss and settled them in my clutch before leaving. I prior-informed mom so I left without giving notice.
I reached Renaissance restaurant 30 minutes late from the time we decided upon. I'd already plan an excuse so I walked in stiffly looking around at the classy public, their scent and fashion sense denoted their richness. The restaurant looked expensive, very expensive. 
I just hoped that whatever amount of money I carried would suffice my share when payment of the bill . I decided to call Gina so I typed her number as I remembered everyone's number who was close to me, I hit the call button and canceled it at once when I saw Gina and Francis already seated. 
"Not very late I guess ", I did start the flame myself.
"Yeah, just 35 minutes. Not very much, we've been simply waiting for our crowned queen to arrive. For once can you surprise us with time ?', Gina frowned. Uh-oh, I did make her mad, very mad.
"Haven't you heard about the term fashionably late ?" , I winked at Francis who sure was enjoying it, he expected me late so he wasn't really mad at me.
"Yeah, fashion implies wearing only lip glosses and choosing braids simply over hair straighteners and blow dryers. You're absolutely right Amanda ", she pouted looking at my sick fashion but I looked fine I guess, braids are fun.
"Now you're hitting at the soft spot. This is the best I could do in such a short time. Don't I look beautiful Francis ?", I interrogated looking at him.
"Beautiful enough to get kissed ", he winked. He always had to take things dirty but he lightened the atmosphere whenever tension rolled around. We all laughed in sync hitting Francis on his arms one after the other. 
"So what do we order ?", Francis looked over the tablet which was placed on the table, it was one of the classical restaurants which had an electronic ordering system. He looked carefully over each type of food the restaurant possessed. 
"I want Italian pasta dipped with cheese sauce ", I took possession of the tab 
"I guess I need Chicken lollipops with extra cheese ", Gina took over.
Francis pulled the tab from Gina's hand and ordered his delicacy by himself. He marked over the items and placed the order. Our orders differ but the cheese was in common. "Hi people, so excited to find you'll hear ", We heard a familiar voice, so we turned around to have a look. It was Samuel, Gina's guy.
He waved at us all grinning with his yellow teeth. How much effect it had on his good looks, I tried looking away from his teeth as it demanded attention. I looked at Francis who had the same expression as me. We silently laughed being aware of Gina's emotions towards this guy.
"How does he know, we're here. Stalker ", I took my seat closer to Francis so that Gina could be close to his guy. I made sure I whispered in Francis's ears. Gina did figure something from our expression, she knew we wanted it private among us three only.
Francis came close to me, his lips touching my ears "She doesn't hide anything from him. She's in love, we can't blame her. Let's just adjust ", he murmured in a soft voice and later cleared his throat.
"Did you even order something to drink ?", I cut off the silence in the atmosphere ."I guess Gina, you should cut Francis's balls "
Gina laughed, her hands intertwined with Samuel. He looked handsome enough, I just wanted to brush his teeth every time. Like I know that there has to be a shade of yellow in everyone's teeth, it's natural but it was very yellow. Stop being so judgemental Amms.
Francis and I bounded, giving some space to the couple. They say that there's a wall in friendship whenever the third person arrives but that's the life you have to accept that and keep going, keep pushing harder for the people you love.
I suddenly felt a pat on my left arm, Sonia stood there with a sad face. I stood up at once leveling my height with hers, a tear flicked through her eye which traveled across her cheeks making way till the chin. "Hey, it's okay. What's wrong ?"
I pulled her into a hug, she sniffled so Francis handed her a tissue from the box. She took it at once and rubbed a nose with his after pulling over. Francis mouthed me a how-do-you-know-her- but I ignored him focusing on Sonia.
"I-I ", she stammered "I had a date, I met him on Facebook, we fixed an appointment. He just didn't show up ", she seemed low.
"Did you see his real picture and by real I mean unedited from picsart, retrica or the tiara filter of Snapchat ", she nodded which clearly meant a no. "How did you come for someone who you had no idea about ", I frowned at her childish behavior.
She cried more after sensing my angry face ."Oh, I'm sorry ", I covered up. "What's his name ?", I questioned.
"James Faulkner ", another cheater named James, James Faulkner is an Australian cricket player, he's definitely fake, damn but wait it was Francis who replied to my question. How did he even know the name of the guy Sonia talked with?
I arched my eyebrows towards him in curiosity. " I am your culprit ", he raised both his hands to surrender. My eyes widened in shock, anger, and amusement. How much free time he actually had? Sonia stopped crying at once as she started eyeing Francis and he did the same.
If I would be Sonia I would've punched his balls for faking out but she went and hugged him instead as he seductively smiled. "Welcome to the family, Sonia ", I faked a smile and welcomed her to our table. After moments, I was left liking everyone's picture on my Instagram feed while Gina and Francis bonded well with their partners.
I felt alone, not that I wanted a relationship desperately but I craved one too. I believed in fortune, in destiny. I wanted my perfect man to show up when it was a perfect time, I didn't want it fast. I just wanted it to take things place when they were meant to be, though a bit slow and late.
Memories flashed in my mind, how Mr. Reynolds helped me with my shoes. His touch on my toes yet felt warm and comforting. Stop thinking about him, he's irrelevant.
I cornered my eyes and saw that Samuel looked around and placed a short peck on Gina's lips. Control, you're public. I looked around the other way and saw Sonia giggling over Francis's jokes. How about the Dan guy, you confessed about? To be honest, I felt like a third wheel. 
"Hey - hey, I am here too ", I frowned and took everyone's attention. I pouted like a baby and made sure I was in limelight. "I am leaving, I'll better watch Chuck and Blair romancing ", it wasn't inferiority complexion but the dinner wasn't going as I expected it to. Francis initiated a conversation but my mood was already off so I ignored him and focused over the cheese on my food.
I turned around towards Francis as he now attended me, Gina was yet attending Samuel. She mouthed me a 'sorry' whenever we had eye contact, I know it wasn't her fault. Samuel was a bit pushy when it came to her, he'd want her to be engrossed only with him.
"Oh my God, what the actual fuck ", I looked closer towards the table which was 3 tables away from me, it was Mr. Reynolds. How on earth is he here too? I looked at his companions and realized that he was with the team I confronted in the meeting. He must have definitely obliged their presence by greeting them with dinner. 
He didn't look at me but continued speaking with his clients, he worked professionally even in personal spaces where people came to relive, burst their stress out. He was so dedicated to working, it scared me. 
"He's here ", I shook Sonia's arm and redirected her vision towards Mr. Reynolds. She had an ''o' formed on her lips which clearly indicated shock.
"Show me, show me, show me the boss baby ", Francis sang out loud, I am glad Mr. Reynolds was tabling away.
###chapter 52
"Why do you have to be so annoying?", I pouted and turned his head towards My boss's direction. Gina who was busy with Samuel concluded her romantic talks and shifted her attention to us. "Show me how does he look now, last time he looked dope in the party ", she sounded excited.
Samuel clearly seemed jealous but being in a relationship doesn't really obstruct people from eyeing at hot people, I object if people believe in it.  Did I just call him hot? oh no, what's wrong with me. "I don't find anything hot in him, Samuel take proper charge over your girl ", I clearly lied and instigated Samuel.
Gina pinched him on his arms and eyed at Mr. Reynolds, "How did you not fall for him, even after a sexy make out ?", Gina questioned, I warned her to stop as Sonia was present at the moment too and I didn't want her to know things as she wasn't a really close friend to me plus what will she think about me now.
She already had a shock plastered all over her face, I smiled shrugging. "That was just a spur of the moment, nothing really intriguing ", she didn't look much satisfied in fact I could sense the hunger in her eyes, hunger for gossip.
"I'll tell you everything but promise me it'll remain a secret ", I warned as she sat clenching her fists and resting her chin on it showing her excitement.
"I take the pledge , I won't speak about it to anyone ", so dramatic.
"I kissed him like ", I started to think to have a numerical count on my fingers.
When we were Mr. and Mrs. Steve
When I was gazing stars with him
When we tried to fool the hooligans
When I gave him CPR
When he was in the ICU.
"4 times, I kissed him 4 times ", my cheeks started to feel warm, I was aware that I was blushing no matter how much I tried to hide it. I didn't give Sonia details of each kiss, I just said her everything in numerical format.b 4 was a big number, I felt shy and awkward.
She grinned continuously, Francis was silently copying her expression but I didn't laugh at this scenario, I just avoided him. "Was it just a kiss, I mean did things proceed ?", she wiggled her brows sounding curious as fuck.
"Not more than that I guess ", I lied but it was partly true too. "I hate you, Gina, get some control over your mouth .", I slapped her playfully on her head spoiling her hairstyle. 
She quickly settled it without complaining "I love you too ", she winked at me and then at Samuel confusing me that who were the three magical words for. 
"Let's not talk about my rude, arrogant and stupid boss now", I tried changing the topic.
"Please add 'hot' in your innumerable adjectives for describing him ", Gina was definitely distracted today, Sonia agreed with Gina. Oh my God were they a team now.
"I guess I should leave now ", Samuel stood up and waved all of us goodbye, I was so happy about the fact that he's leaving. Everyone hugged him except for Sonia she shook hands with him considering the fact that she was new, I found her action relevant. 
"He didn't even pay his share before leaving ", I frowned.
"I'll pay for him ", Gina objected.
"Shut up already, don't you understand the difference between taunt and joke ?", I didn't actually lie but covered my last sentence by labeling it as one. I took the last sip of wine and side hugged Gina "I am sorry, I should be more friendly with him. Next time, I promise ", I felt bitchy so I apologized.
"So Ladies and Gentlemen ", a man in his mid 30's suited in black stood in the middle, a beam of light circled him so that everyone focused towards him. " I'd like to invite you'll towards the dance floor, let's add sparks to this evening. I want every one of you to come dance with me ", he instructed the musician to play.
Francis stood at once, pulling me along with him "Go away Dumb ass ", I pushed him and took the seat at once. Sonia accompanied Francis, they seem to match each other's vibe. Not as life partners but maybe as weirdos, their behavior towards each other was very friendly, I really thought they were going to have lovey Dubey chemistry but I was wrong. 
Dance brought memories, every time I thought about dance it was him who was the first person that popped in my mind. Damn, I was getting obsessed. "Let me pay first, we'll divide our shares later ", I paid the bill through my credit card. I was glad that it wasn't much as per my expectations.
I and Gina looked at Francis and Sonia "I guess you should join them ", I laughed.
"No way, he's literally dancing. No, he's not dancing, he's doing everything which is not connected to dancing. Look at your Sonia, she compliments her ", She laughed continuously.
"Seems like the man and the lady are the only ones in a crazy mood, Come on everyone. Join them " Francis went closer to the host and murmured something in his ears, suddenly the Beam light was focused towards our direction 
"No way, Gina I am not leaving him once we get out ", I facepalmed. Gina's look was full of amusement. I turned around to look at Mr. Reynolds praying hard that he didn't notice me here but I was wrong, he looked towards us. Everyone did. I hate Francis, I'll go tell every girl in his account that he is gay as revenge.
Gina didn't want to create a scene so she joined them on the dance floor, many people followed her. It was basically me who kept seated, an old lady who was in her wheelchair and Mr. Reynolds with one of his mate, his companions joined the dance too.
The music got louder, I murmured to myself the lyrics in sync as an attempt to forget his presence. I cornered my eyes, without turning my head to have a look at him. The only person who accompanied him also joined everyone on the dance floor. 
He caught me looking at him, why was he so smart. Oh no, what do I do now what if he considered me a stalker? I pushed my gaze towards my crazy bunch of people, I clapped at their weird dance. I removed my phone and took a quick video of them, just in case to blackmail them if they uploaded any ugly picture of me.
I didn't gather enough guts to check him out again, no matter how much I wanted to. He was smart enough to trap me plus I didn't want to create an expression of 'fangirl' in his eyes. He'll have another reason to be arrogant about it.
"So, Miss Waters --- ", I heard a sexy whisper in my ears. I turned around and interlocked my eyes with a pair of dark blue eyes.
###chapter 53
Amanda's POV

"So, Miss Waters --", I heard a sexy whisper in my ears. I turned around and interlocked my eyes with a pair of dark blue eyes.
"So ?', I questioned Mr. Reynolds in bewilderment. I didn't expect him to come and take a seat next to me. 
"What brought you here ?"
"My pleasure for eating, oh no I came here to take up a part-time job of a waitress. You've given me enough training to compliment the job ", I stretched my lips wide making it look like a smile as I taunted him.
" You should definitely work on your jokes ", he didn't seem much amused but wait it wasn't supposed to be a joke. It was clearly a t-a-u-n-t .
"At least I try ", I offended and looked away. "Why are you here ?', I reciprocated the question.
"You're not allowed to ask me questions, I am your Boss", he was so rude. I literally wanted to punch him on his nose. 
"Oh wait ", I looked at my wristwatch "It's not an office , neither are the timings as per my shift. You're no one to me here. Not my friend, not my Boss ", his expression wasn't much satisfied with my answer. The man who he was sitting with earlier, left the dance floor and joined us. I wished him and greeted him with a handshake.
"I'm Cody Evans ", he pushed his seat closer to Mr. Reynolds as he rested his hands on his shoulder. He brushed his nose on Mr. Reynolds's shoulder. Something seemed inappropriate on Mr. Reynolds's face, he didn't look comfortable. It felt like he couldn't speak up or get away, he just had to tolerate.
Oh, my Lord, the man was gay. It could be seen, it just took me a bit longer to recognize. Now I know why Gina called me a tube light, tube light doesn't really lighten up the moment you hit the button, it takes time for it to power up after 2-3 successful blinks and so did jokes in my head. 
I covered my mouth with my hands, I couldn't control my laughter. I tightened my lips so that I didn't lose control over myself. I totally respected and supported gays, I never offended them. I didn't laugh at Cody, I laughed at Mr. Reynolds as his situation was intractable. 
I exactly knew now that why he took a seat next to me, he wanted me. No wait, he needed me to help him out of this unfavorable condition. He couldn't just shove Cody away from him, he was one of the leading investors of his new plan . Maybe Cody was just beguiled to invest because of his good looks but no the plan for the new line was really appreciable and breathtaking. 
Mr. Reynolds tried to shift away but Cody shifted an inch closer every time he drifted apart. Cody eyed him like he was Rose to Jack, Blair to Chuck. " I am Amanda, nice to meet you Cody Sir ", I interrogated his close moment with Mr. Reynolds.
He pushed his dark blonde hair and focused his gaze towards me "Nice to meet you ", he smiled ."Pleasure is mine", I smiled back. On average I smiled 50 times a day, 48 were fake and maybe 2 were genuine. 
" Maybe, I could tease him a bit? Maybe I should just walk towards Gina, Francis, and Sonia, Maybe I should leave him to the mess he was in, at the moment. I own tonight ", I kept my thoughts to myself as a smirk took birth on my lips. 
"You have control for tonight, how about tomorrow and day after that, and even after that ?", my inner me offended giving me positive advice and so finally concluded to help him. 
Cody was brushing his hands through Mr. Reynolds hair, Mr. Reynolds looked embarrassed as much as a kid when her mother told him/her to say poetry in which he/she excel to their relatives. Mr. Reynolds eyed me, his expressions clearly meant help-me. He loosened his tie trying to shift but he failed again. Cody caught him, this time tightly.
"Amanda", Mr. Reynolds broke the sensuous atmosphere.
"Mr. Reynolds ", I did the same as he did, took his name precisely his surname. Did he just call me by my first name? Oh my God, one of the days in history I can't forget. I removed my phone and wrote today's date and incident in memos. It was unexpected and very fictitious so I didn't want to forget about it.
"Baby, call me by my name. I've said you so many times to call me by my name when we're out of office premises ", no please, not again I've played the role of wife. This time I am not agreeing to be his girlfriend but did I have any choice. No, I didn't.
"Baby ?" Cody seemed puzzled, most importantly heartbroken but he managed to smile at us as Mr. Reynolds curled his hands around my waist pulling my chair closer. He had so much strength, oh my God I almost fell on him because of his not very smooth jerk.
"Oh my A-A ", I stammered, why wasn't I able to say his first name. I've had cursed him using his name earlier but never had I ever said his first name "Aaron ", I exhaled sighing. That was tough, very tough "My baby ", I continued brushing his hand with mine which was placed on my waist.
I'd never imagined myself saying cheesy words to anyone especially him. I felt cheesy was overrated, one of the reasons my past relations never worked out.
1: I was never into cheesy stuff like including puppy's names paired with innumerable I love you's after every sentence.
2: I never permitted anyone to cross limits physically, excluding kisses. I had 2 unsuccessful relations because of which I decided to have an arrange marriage as good partners were never my cup of tea in mere past.
Cody distanced himself from Mr. Reynolds that very moment "So tell me your cute story ", he didn't seem very much affected by it, in fact, he accepted us and smiled cutely. How sweet of a person Cody was.
"We met in my cabin "
"We met in the rain "
Oh no, we both spoke at once, he'll definitely catch us lying. How stupid could we get, oh no? "We actually met in my cabin because of the rain ", I sighed as Mr. Reynolds gave a fake twist to the story ", The moment I saw her in the rain, I asked her to come with me so that I could shelter her. She caught my eye the moment I saw her "
LIAR, when did you turn this generous? , In fact, you splashed the dirty puddle over me through your car wheels. I need air, I couldn't bear such a fake story.
"You don't seem very happy about meeting me baby ", he tightened his grip over me.
I faked a smile "Yes baby, so happy that we had such a romantic first meet ", I pinched him on his lap tightly as Cody eyed me.
"Ouch-- ", We both looked at him strangely "Ow, so cute. ", he smirked. Certainly not the expression I expected from him. 
"Awe baby! ", Mr. Reynolds gave me a quick peck on my cheek, the dragons in my stomach started to overreact again. No, I didn't think about butterflies as his touch did wonders on my skin just like Dragon's fire did in grandma's bedtime stories but Cody seemed convinced, was he taking a chance on me?
"Not in public sweetheart ", I rubbed his kiss from my cheek as I didn't want to be his rumored girlfriend. "We're not very loud about it", I focused my attention towards Cody. He redirected through his hand gestures towards the dance floor. 
No, please. We don't have a good history in the dance field.
"Of course, can we ?", Mr. Reynolds pushed his hands towards me, I placed my hand on him as he guided me towards the floor. When my eyes traveled across the floor Gina, Francis and Sonia looked at us perplexed. Their eyes twirled from our face to our hand, then to our face and the hand, then to the body paired with our interlocked hand again. 
I pulled my hand away from him as I was completely baffled. I tucked my baby hair behind my ear as of embarrassment. We were yet very close to each other, our arms touched. Cody followed us to the floor, I took his hand in mine again. Okay, Cody was sweet but why did he have to stalk us.
And that very moment, a terrific idea stroke in my mind. Just like a thunderbolt, it raced in my head, a small smirk formed across my lips. I tightened my lower lip so as to prevent myself from smiling or smirking. 
"Let me introduce you, people, to my friends", I crossed my hands over his arms. "Come on Cody ", I urged him to come along too.
We all took stepped towards them, the lights on the floor surfaced across our skins making us colorful. "This is Gina, Francis and -- "
"Miss Sonia, you belong to their group?", I was supposed to formally introduce them, he never went according to my script. 
"Nice to meet you Mr. Boss ", Gina shook his hand with him, Francis followed Gina in his move. Sonia simply nodded to his question, she didn't look much confident in his presence. Okay, he was mean and rude but he didn't eat people. 
"He's Cody, Mr. Reynold's associate--"
###chapter 54
"Just a friend today ", he introduced himself with a smile as he hugged them all in a friendly way. I tried to move towards Gina but then someone caught my eyes, my view was obstructed with blackness. Oh no, who is this person now? I have everyone around me who is connected with him. 
"Miss me, Amanda ", Oh my God Dan, I side hugged him out of excitement. I rushed my gaze towards Sonia, she stood there blooming. 
"Didn't expect you here ", I questioned.
"This is my hotel, my father owns it ", he tilted his chin with pride, no he wasn't showing off.
"Oh My God ", I knew he was rich but I didn't know he was so rich, simply wealthy. Sonia was as shocked as I was but if he was this rich then why did he have to work with Mr. Reynolds. He could've simply joined his father in his hotel business. 
I was shocked when he told me that he was appointed as Mr. Reynolds's manager as he had no relevant qualifications and experience as compared. I had a thought that he succeeded in getting the job due to sympathy as he lends us a vehicle when we required it but no there was more to this story. 
Mr. Reynolds never did anything without any purpose, he may have a plan for this move of his. Probably in the present or nearby future, he's going to rip of the fruits as soon as they ripe . He may have a plan for collaboration with his father or he may want to enter into the hotel sector. He was cunning, but why did he attract me so much. I was aware of his ruthless behavior towards me and the people around me. I didn't have answers, just questions.
"So--", I was cut by Dan's words, he kept a hand on my shoulder just like Francis did. I was sensing another friendly trouble already for the nearby future.
"Don't think so much Manda, my father told me to get experience in any sector and work under someone for a year so that I don't possess arrogance, he simply wanted me to live a life of an employee ", he trailed off but wait did he just call me Manda, how dare he. 
Employee? Managers are next to bosses.
"Okay ", I sighed. "Why don't you take Sonia for a dance? She didn't have a partner so she'll be grateful if you ask her ", I winked at Sonia but first made sure that no one looked at me. 
"May I, beautiful ?", he bent towards her just like a perfect Gentleman. I went towards Sonia and whispered in her ears ", Don't you dare dance with him like the way you danced with Francis ", she laughed blushing. She was glowing in happiness, I am definitely a good matchmaker.
"Just say yes to whatever I say ", I murmured in Gina's ears. She nodded agreeing to me.
"Francis?" I questioned.
"Yeah, love", he answered instinctively. 
"Why don't you teach Cody some friendly moves, I saw them from the back . They were so-so ", I stammered "Terrific ", I continued. I could feel Francis raising his chest in confidence. "Weren't they mind-blasting Gina? "
"Yes, they were. Yes yes yes ", Gina didn't really act. She overreacted but it wasn't seen except for me. 
"Find yourself a partner Gina, you don't want to miss Francis's expressions ", I winked.
"I don't get it ", she seemed puzzled.
"Cody's Gay "
"What the actual fuck, Oh My God ", Gina chortled.
I grabbed Mr. Reynolds's arms and pulled him towards the dance floor ."Cody's engaged with your friend. I don't think we should dance now", he stood still. He didn't walk any longer.
"Hey, I was savage for you when you needed me. Come on please, a dance. Please", I made the cutest puppy dog face ever.
"You're cheating your friend Miss Waters", he started advising me like an old man. 
"It'll be no harm, come on now ", I walked faster than him so he had no choice but to cope up with my speed. I took charge and started hopping making my braids hop. I always lost control over myself whenever it came to dancing, it was either sober or like an animal. There was no in-between. 
Mr. Reynolds didn't dance at all. He just stood there obstructing my view, so I peeped towards the other side as I rested my chin on his left shoulder. I didn't pay attention to his expressions as I was busy thinking about Francis. 
I was convulsed with laughter when I took a view at him, Cody couple danced with him. Francis's back faced me as Cody moved his hands throughout his back, his body was stronger and muscular then Francis. He didn't move away, just moved with the rhythm. Gina was far away looking at me, I pointed towards Francis and directed her as well.
I could sense the amusement on her face. Mr. Reynolds caught me by my waist as a result of raking my chin away from him. His hold over me got tighter as he pushed me closer making our bodies touch. I was blown by his action as he looked in my eyes straight.
"I am glad I met you", I furrowed my brows in confusion "here, I meant here", he cleared his throat and auto-corrected his statement. He could've clearly said a thank you rather than telling things another way.
Did he mean something rather than a thank you?
I stumped off my thoughts at once "Shall we ?", I questioned as I placed my hands across his neck. The melody around felt like chocolate donuts to my ears, yeah it was that sweet. He at once held me through my waist as we danced.
I turned around as he twirled me, Sonia and Dan laughed as they did a pleasant dance with each other. They seem to enjoy each other's company. Good job cupid.
Today was fun, I didn't want it to stop. I was living it truly, with my friends whom I considered as family. Mr. Reynolds wasn't as rude as I expected him to be so that was a cherry on the cake. I rested my back on his chest as we continued the dance, he seductively sided the braid of mine which rested on my back as he pushed them frontwards again.
His touch? I wanted him to touch me, I never wanted his body away from mine. I knew this was trouble, whatever I felt had to stop right away. I intended to take charge and control over my feelings and never be outspoken about it. 
"I'll comfort myself at the bar ", he pulled away leaving me all alone. I never really understood him. One moment he was really sweet and the other moment he was a completely different person. I let the negative memories drift away and allowed the positive ones to soak in as I joined Gina.
###chapter 55
Amanda's POV

"Hey Gina, I already submitted my application for leave to the principal. I'm planning to complete further studies through distance. I'll be there during exams and presentations. I'll pay you guys to visit whenever I have free time ", I tried to convince Gina as she stood silent on the other side of the phone.
"Don't you think you're making decisions way very quickly ?", she didn't seem much convinced though.
"I've thought about it for a long time. I've already changed my mind, please don't make this decision difficult for me now ", I paused as Gina didn't react "I thought I could adjust my college life with office life, but I guess I am failing. We can't travel in two boats at one time, right ?"
"If it's your decision then I respect it . ", she finally spoke.
"Love you, Gina, bye for now ", I pushed my chair inwards as I rested my chin on my table out of boredom. I didn't really have much work to do as Mr. Reynold's wasn't visible to me since the morning, he definitely was out somewhere. 
I did peep several times in his cabin through the glass but the chair was vacant, I had this urge since the morning to look at him.
"Amanda, you're going crazy sweetheart. Stop fangirling over him so much ", my negative subconscious spoke up.
"Then what do I do ?', I questioned.
"Ignore him, do not confront him. You're losing your heart to someone who doesn't have it "
"Stop, shut up ", I pulled off my thoughts as I studied the piles of files that were on my table. I tried to divert my mind away from him so I decided to go hang out with either Sonia or Dan instead. I quickly stood up as I reached towards the accounting department where Sonia worked.
"You didn't give me details about yesterday bitch ", she shook vibrantly out of shock, her reflex wasn't used to sudden meets I guess.
"you have no idea ", she hugged me grinning.
"I want the idea . Tell me everything in bits and pieces ", I hugged her back excitedly.
"He asked for my number after the dance, we almost chat the whole night ", a blush escaped her lip. She looked happy, very happy. 
"Could be made out from your dark circles ", I teased her. 
"oh my God, do I have one? He asked me to have lunch with him in the canteen. Oh no Amanda", she looked so hesitant.
"I am kidding ", I laughed hysterically at her reactions. She hit me playfully on my hands whilst she sighed in peace. "I should keep going, wanted to check you out as I couldn't resist last night's gossip.", I pinched on level 7 of the elevator at once. 
I maintained my tradition as I peeped in his cabin, he was seated. He looked straight in his laptop, I stood there bird watching. As his chin tilted, his eyes met mine. Oh no, did he actually notice me staring at him? This was one awkward situation from which I couldn't turn away. I stood there silently for a while and then knocked at the door.
He guided me in so I pushed the door as I made myself in. "Good afternoon, Mr. Reynolds ", he was stunned by my greeting as this was one of the rare days when I wished him. I am losing myself in front of him, what's wrong with me.
"You're okay, Miss Waters ?", he questioned me as he stopped doing his work. Maybe I should stop surprising him.
I went straight towards him, placed my hand around his neck as I rested my lips on his. Initially, I brushed my lips on his lips softly, but then I felt the urge to taste him so I bit his lower lip. He rested his hands on the back of my head as he lifted me up so I twirled my legs around his stomach as I gasped the moment we parted.
Without breaking our kiss, he placed me gently on the table as he sided his laptop. I caught his neck pushing him closer to me. Slowly, the kiss turned passionate as he started opening my buttons, I ran my hands through his back as I pushed him towards me again. Every time we panted because of difficulty in breathing, I had this desire to pull him in a kiss again. He was being irresistible or maybe I was being erotic.
He moved his palms through my cheek as he cupped my face, he placed soft kisses on my nose, my jaws, my upper neck. He started moving towards my lower neck, I felt a tickle in my stomach as I stood straight.
"Miss Waters "
"Miss Waters ?"
"Miss Amanda Waters ", he shook me hard this time. Oh my God, I was dreaming. It was a day-dream. Since when did I start having Day-dreams.
"Are you in your senses ?", he questioned me again. 
"I am ", I nodded as I yanked his hands away from my body. His touch gave me shivers which affected me so much. Maybe my negative sub-conscience was right, I should avoid him and not give much importance to his presence.
"What were the noises you removed lately? he chuckled. I looked away so as to avoid any eye contact with him but one thing I noticed was his change towards me, yeah he was rude but his behavior changed a lot since the day we came back from the James incident. 
"I have work, I should keep going ", I lied as I pushed my hair lock behind my ear. 
"Start packing for the trip to Werttop, we leave tomorrow ", he imposed his decision on me, he didn't ask me for once.
My answer was obviously a no as I couldn't afford to spend the whole weekend with him again. I decided to avoid his presence as it was racking my brain and heart continuously. "I am not coming with you. Sorry ", I gathered all my courage as I spoke up.
"I didn't ask you. I commanded to which you have to obey ", he threw daggers at me with his eyes, maybe Mr. Richie Rich isn't prone to the word 'no'
"My mom is very possessive for her first baby, she won't allow me to go on the other side of the country with some stranger ", yeah, I addressed him as a stranger.
"What did you tell your mother when you were out for a long time, basically kidnapped ?"
"That I was on a business trip ", I replied instinctively as I held my mouth tightly realizing that he just fooled me.
"You can't trick me like that ", I pointed my finger towards him as I pouted. 
"See you tomorrow at 9 am sharp Miss Waters, it's not really warm in that part of the city. Carry some warm clothes along ", he made his way towards his seat again as he made a phone call.
What on earth does he think of himself, I am not going anywhere with him but did I have any other option? I decided to avoid him throughout the trip. A part of me was very excited about the big trip and a part of me was scared of the consequences too. I knew that I was losing control of my feelings. I didn't want to think about him but every time I decided to think differently, he popped out of nowhere.
"May I come in, Madam ?", I heard a female knock at my door. I invited her in, I didn't look up as I was busy figuring out my feelings by resting my jaws on my knuckles which rested on my elbows. Sonia patted my head and took my attention.
"You don't look fine ", she made out from my facial expressions.
"What do you name a term when you lose yourself into someone. You feel vulnerable emotionally when you don't see the person ? When you make scripts in your mind and expect one specific person to follow it? When you dream about someone and expect them to stay in front of you when the dream gets over? "
Sonia heard every word of mine very carefully . She didn't dare to interrupt as she examined every word which escaped my lips. "You're highly attracted Amanda , it can turn into love any moment"
"I am ?", I questioned .
"you are ", she answered .
"How do I avoid this feeling ?", I felt agitated.
"You simply get under someone else to get over him ", she chuckled "Wait, who is him? Is he Mr. Aaron Reynolds, The Aaron Reynolds ?", she seem bewildered.
I nodded as I had no answer . I studied her face which was in complete shock . Did I really fall for the wrong guy ? Oh no this thought was devastating me. "It's okay you'll get over him ", she consoled.
"But for that I've to get under him "
She watched me with cornered eyes as she grinned like an idiot "Naughty , really naughty . Getting under him eh ?", she laughed continuously while I pouted in embarrassment throughout.
"Just so you know, you're no help to me ", I pulled the file closer to me and threw it on her face. 
"Ouch, that hurt ", she yet laughed "Do tell me, Amanda, when you get under him ", she took a deep breath so as to control her laughter. She failed, miserably failed.
###chapter 56
My frown deepened at her expressions, why do friends have to be so unbearable? "just like you suggested Sonia, I should get over him and get under someone else. I should give Dan a try, what do you think ?", it was my time now. I smirked doing a quick hair flip .
"You wouldn't do that ", she pinched her nose making a puppy face.
"I wouldn't of course ", I laughed at her face, her possessive nature. She laughed along too, it was not much time when I met her but she already matched my vibe. I liked talking to her and pouring my heart out to her, Gina got busy with Samuel but God gifted me a new bitch. 
I turned my open hair into a bun and connected a bobby bin to it so as to set it tight "I've to leave for Werttop with him tomorrow, I don't want to lose control over my feelings and make a joke of myself as he certainly doesn't feel the same about me ", I sighed distressing the atmosphere. 
"hey-hey , you'll do fine. I believe in you . You're strong just don't allow him to make you weak ", she stood up as she came towards me "As I said, I do believe in you ", she placed her hand on my shoulder. "Keep me updated, I need every minute details ".
Focus Amanda Focus , I turned my laptop on as I re-read every mail after Sonia left, she was such a sweetheart. I needed a friend in office and I got one to which I am extremely grateful. I suddenly realized that I had to shop for the trip as I lacked fancy clothes, without wasting a second I locked my cabin's door and walked out of the office as I already completed the work.
I walked straight into the mall alone, I read the tag 50% off on one brand. I quickly walked in as it grabbed my attention. Which kind of girl won't like this tag? I pulled out some fancy clothes and haphazardly placed them on my shoulder. 
I sided my eyes as I realized the burden I was carrying along so I marched towards the changing room and tried each one of them quickly. There were like 4 clothes which included a shrug, a black knee-length dress, and two jackets. I had some clothes in my closet at my house which I could carry along too so I decided to buy these four only for the five-day trip which included the slaughter of my weekend plans with my girl gang. 
My eyes took a halt at the black lingerie, it was lacy with deep embroidery . It looked so beautiful so I decided to buy it at once . But why do I need to buy lingerie, I kept moving as I wasn't really in need of it and I didn't really show my body to anyone so it didn't matter as I was so single. If Gina would've been here she'd definitely purchase it.
"You can buy for yourself, you don't need to shop for the world but yourself ", my heart was commanding me to buy and even I had the urge to so I decided to buy it at once.

***

Amanda's POV
Picking up my loaded suitcase, I went towards my mom to bid her goodbye "Take care Mom, I hope Sam's home by afternoon. Don't worry much about me. Love you", Mom kissed me on my forehead and gave me clear instructions regarding the trip. 
"Don't go roaming alone at the vacant place"
"Stay in a group with your office colleagues"
"Have your meals on time, don't skip any"
I laughed at mom's concern towards me and got inside the taxi which I booked earlier. Reaching upon my office, I guided the taxi driver to pick aside. I paid him the exact change and exited the taxi.
Mr. Reynolds could be seen from far away, his face looked a shade lighter because of the sunlight. His black sunglasses complimented his black blazer, he wore white v necked t-shirt inside his blazer.
I waved at him grinning when his eyes met mine, he didn't react. I pushed my bag towards his car, I'm glad it had wheels beneath so I didn't have to carry the weight because certainly, my stuff weighed more than me. 
"Is there no one who'll come along? ", I inquired questioning as I stood facing him, our eyes met, I had to push my head up while we talked as he was taller than me. Not that my height was small. 
"Yeah, do you see anyone else ? ", I twirled my eyes around to check upon. There was no one, not even his driver. Is he going to drive? oh no it felt like a long journey already.
I quickly took the back seat of the car after settling my luggage in the trunk. He took the driver's seat in a while as he shifted his sunglasses on the top of his head but he didn't drive, he just settled himself comfortably after attaching the seat belt over his torso. He sat still as he waited for someone.
"Are you waiting for someone? ", I questioned. He gave a quick nod which certainly meant a no. 
"Then why aren't you driving? ", I questioned again perplexed. 
"Do you certainly consider yourself my boss or do you take me as your driver ? ", he frowned. 
"What, wait. Where did that come from ? ", his frown deepened, I didn't really realize that I was seated on the back seat but that certainly doesn't make him look like a driver or maybe it does, he did really believe in that stereotypical condition where bosses sit on the back seat. 
"Uh, whatever", I banged and opened the door of the passenger seat. I surrounded my eyes with sunglasses because it was quite sunny plus now I could easily have a quick nap while he drove because I didn't expect him to chit-chat with me during the drive
"What now ? ", he was staring at me. 
"Seat belt", he raised his brows, I connected the seat belt around myself. Within moments he started the ride as he completely ignored my presence. I looked at him in between but he kept his focus on the road. 
I removed my phone from my clutch and connected the aux wire to it as I didn't want the awkward silence to take over the car. I leaned in to change the song as the wire was a bit small so I placed my phone at the small hollow place there. 
As soon as the music concealed my ears, I laughed and clapped when the singer sang my favorite lines. I didn't dare to look at Mr. Reynolds as his scary glares would spoil my trip mood.
"Push and pull like a magnet do ", I shouted as I swayed my hands in the air. Loud music did something to me, it ceased my power to think. I would've jumped like an idiot if I wasn't seated in the car. 
"I am in love with your booooooooody ", I increased the volume.
"Miss Waters "
"Oh - I oh-I Oh I Oh -I "
"Miss Waters ", he squealed. I stopped my actions at once as I looked over at his face, anger plastered it. 
I was bewildered at his sudden change in mood. He turned the music off as he disconnected the aux wire from my phone. "You can't just do that, I can't sit here for 7 hours straight without any entertainment ", I offended.
###chapter 57
"You can't break my ear walls with such loud music and simply irritate me, I didn't stop you when you played but then you had to increase the volume. Now cope up with the consequences of it ", he didn't look at me.
"B-but I love Ed Sheeran and his music so much, the volume was pretty low as compared with the basic volume we put when I and my friend's go for a ride ", I tried to convince him knowing the fact that he won't change his mind.
"Fine, If you don't play the music then I'll sing ", I cleared my throat.
"You utter a word and you're out of my car, this road is pretty much empty all the time. You won't even get a lift ", he warned. I didn't sing obviously as I was scared that he may actually mean what he just said. 
I leaned towards the back seat squatting as I disconnected the seat belt. I opened the chain of my bag as I only carried my clutch till the front seat. I turned my eyeballs towards the left to have a quick view of Mr. Reynolds. He had an I-dont-know-what-the-fuck-she-is-doing expression. 
Collecting my pack of pringles, I hopped towards the front seat again. I liked eating during drives, it always enlightened my mood. I decided to offer it to Mr. Reynolds so I pushed the pack towards him.
"Can't you stay still and sane for even 10 minutes "
"I can, I choose not to ", I smiled awkwardly. "So I am guessing you're not hungry ", I placed my pringles on my lap. 
I scrunched as I ate one after the other. His face didn't really look subtle so I scrunched a bit louder "Miss Wateeeeeeeers ", he shouted banging at the steering.
"Mr. Reynolds ", my voice was soft and calm as compared to him. Watching his annoyed face made me happy, he looked cute when he raised or furrowed his brows. Okay, he didn't look cute but very hot instead. 
"So can I play the music now, I swear I won't dance and keep the volume low ?' ", I broke the silence.
"And ?", he cocked his brow.
"And what ?", I didn't understand what he really meant "Oh, yes! I won't sing too. Definitely not "
"Fine ", he permitted me to play the music. I decided to keep the genre slow, so I clicked on my romantic playlist and tapped the shuffle button as I was very bored to switch different songs time by time.
It was 'Cry with you' by Hunter Hayes, the song always got me emotional. No, I didn't sing as whenever my lips parted a small flashback of his warning traveled across my mind. The rest of the journey was very quiet, I didn't utter a single word. I kept myself entertained with the slow music.
Looking outside the window always paved the ways for various innumerable thoughts. Currently, the hottest topic I liked to think about was Mr. Reynolds. What if we ended up together? What if we never ended up together? I knew our situation wasn't perfect or normal and we were not really 'Made for each other types'
I pushed my baby hair behind my ears and tried thinking about some different topics. I tried diverting my mind and welcomed thoughts which included everyone but Mr. Reynolds. Suddenly, I felt a tingle in my stomach. It felt heavy. I knew that I was in the urge of the washroom as I needed to pee.
I gathered all my guts to speak to him about it. But how exactly should I frame my sentence? I want to pee. No, that'll be to straight and awkward. Maybe, if I replaced the need with want then the sentence will sound a bit better . I need to pee, it didn't sound right too.
Come on Amanda, you're acting like he doesn't pee at all. Tell him to take a halt in the nearest city.
"Mr. Reynolds "
"Yes "
"Nothing ", I felt really shy. It was never difficult when I was with Francis, I could do anything in front of him. 
"Mr. Reynolds ", I called him again.
"For the second time, Yes Miss Waters"
"Can you take a halt when you spot some hotel along the way, please? ", I made a puppy dog face. 
"And why ?', he always had to question.
"I need to go to the restroom ", I looked towards the window as I was embarrassed.
"Okay ", he replied as he continued driving. 
After reaching some decent hotel, he parked the car and directed me to go. He exited the car too but didn't really walk by my side. I asked the lady who worked there to guide me towards the washroom. She pleasantly smiled at me and directed me. 
I didn't see Mr. Reynolds anywhere around, maybe he was having lunch around or maybe he was freshening himself up too. I washed my face with water whilst looking at the mirror in the washroom after releasing the water of my stomach which embarrassed the heck out of me. I corrected my eyeliner as I gave a touch up to my lips as well with my gloss. 
After satisfying myself that I look presentable, I marched out of the washroom as it really haunted me to stay alone in a place for a long time. I did believe in ghosts and life after death.
"Amaaaaandaa ", my name echoed around. I turned around towards the direction where it came from, it sounded familiar. Very familiar. 
I figured out a man with a long loose coat and thigh-high boots, he had a beanie around his head which covered his hair. I followed him as he didn't stop. He just kept walking 
"Hey, mister "
"Who are you ?"
"How do you know my name ?"
"Wait for me "
I triggered a set of innumerable questions at the unknown who now took longer steps. He placed a short note on the ground and ran away. His image disappeared, I did try to cope up with his speed but I failed. One thing was pretty clear that whoever the person was, he knew that we were far away from the city. He was either tracing us through the mobile network or following us.
I collected the note which was placed by him on the ground, it was neatly folded 3 times. I dusted it before unfolding it. It almost slipped off my hand when I read the message which was written over it. My thinking power collapsed and my heart almost plummeted on the floor and later regained its original position.
The note read :
I'm back, stay cautious.
love 
\-J.
It took me a while to get back to my senses, I sat on my knees with the note. After gathering courage, I stood up and walked back towards where I left off. My legs shook resulting in an unbalanced walk, I was scared. Very scared. I took longer steps, twice that of my original speed as I hurriedly marched towards Mr. Reynolds.
Mr. Reynolds sat on a chair peacefully, his table was surrounded by delicious food. The atmosphere around was quite lively, tables and chairs were placed in open space. On stumbling towards his table, I quickly stiffened myself. 
He sipped his coffee after taking a bite of his sandwich "What's wrong ". He did figure things from my facial expressions, it clearly showed my anxiousness.
"th-this ", I stammered. I handed him the note I collected from the ground. My eyes turned heavy as I gently rubbed my head which pained. My vision blurred due to the formation of tears "He will definitely kill us this t-time ", I rubbed off the tear which flicked through my eyes.
"He won't, I'll make sure. Stop crying like a baby Miss Waters "
"He's dangerous ", I remarked.
"I agree but definitely not more than me, you have to agree to that ", he winked as he tried to assure me. His words were consoling, it felt like ice to the burn I had. 
I chuckled slightly trying to forget about James " Should we head back home ?", I questioned.
"Aaron Reynolds never leaves a deal incomplete ", he buttoned his blazer from the middle "Now will you eat ?", he questioned.
"I don't want to, I don't feel like ", I rejected.
"I didn't ask you, I commanded you . ", he placed a spoon in my hand. The table was filled with delicacies which included sandwiches .pizza's, pasta's, pancakes, and flavored corns. I knew he ordered light less oily food on purpose because we had a long journey to travel. I filled a spoon with pasta and stuffed it in my mouth.
I didn't really feel like eating, my stomach was filled with terror already. I stuffed some spoons of pasta and gulped it with Pepsi. On completing our meal, we walked back towards the car.
The rest of the journey was silent, I kept my eyes closed so as to disallow all the negativity to trespass my mind. I woke up to a push on my shoulder " We arrived at our destination, wake up", I brushed my hair back and settled my clothes and face through the rearview mirror before exiting the car.
###chapter 58
Amanda's POV
It was dark around as it was approximately 1 am. I couldn't see the surroundings much as darkness concealed the environment. It was cold, really cold. I rubbed my arms from my hands in order to generate heat as a quick shiver passed through my veins. My skin followed its tradition of becoming red when exposed to extreme cold. 
What if Mr. Reynolds removes his blazers and warm me up through it just like in movies? A quick blush escaped my lips on thinking about such irrelevant stuff. I bet half the girls made scenarios in their head with their crush. A crush?
"Hello Mr. Reynolds and Miss Waters, we hope to enlighten your presence here as much as we can. We've made special arrangements especially for you ", their senior-most welcomed us warmly and guided us to the hotel's lobby as we trespassed the garden. 
"Thanks for the warm gesture ", I appreciated the arrangements which they made for us. A lady welcomed us with a rose bouquet. 
"I am sorry we had to change the venue from Paris to Werttop, I really apologize. After exploring this place, I and my team decided to start the redevelopment project here so we invited you at once ", Mr. Reynolds pushed the strands of his hairs back as he didn't really care about his apology.
"It's very late right now, we'll catch you up tomorrow morning. You can rest, for the time being, I've informed the room service to bring you'll dinner. ", he handed us the keys as he continued to speak. 
"Hey Mr. Henry, we need two rooms. I'll book the other one by myself ", Mr. Reynolds was as confused as me because the keys were of one room. 
Mr. Henry grinned at us "Its okay Mr. Reynolds and Miss Waters, Cody informed us about your relationship status and suggested us to give you some space here. He was well aware of your condition to keep it private. No one will know about you or disturb the sweet couple here ", he grinned harder this time.
Oh no, Cody 
I turned my attention towards Mr. Reynolds, he had the same straight face as me. This time we were in trouble because of him as he was the one who wanted us to enact the fake relationship.
We together bid Mr. Henry goodnight as he escorted us towards our room. No, we didn't talk with each other throughout. As soon as I pushed the door close, I landed my suitcase in the corner of our room. 
"What? ", I looked at him as he was already staring at me "You are the culprit now", I pointed at him making it look more dramatic. 
"Okay. Fine. I admit. I'm glad--", I cut him off
"Oh you're glad that you get to spend the whole night with me in the same room "
"Let me complete Miss Waters ", he objected "I'm glad that it's you rather than Mr. Cody. He's such an amazing guy undoubtedly but yet " 
"You mean I am savage? ", I teased
"Shut up already", he threw his Blazer on the floor. Hey, you're sharing this room with me, please don't fuck with the cleanliness. 
After freshening up and changing into our night wears, we called up the room service to send us dinner. It was served within 15 minutes from our call. After eating dinner, I quickly paved the way towards the bed so as to mark it as my territory. 
"So, Miss Waters ?", he sided the food tray as he sat next to me on the bed. Oh my God, did he intend to take advantage of me? A simple touch and I'd let him take.
"What ?", I arched my brows towards him unknowingly to what he was up to. 
"Miss Waters "
"yeah! I heard that. Tell me something rather than that ", he smirked at me. I knew he was planning something cunning, I just had no idea what. I looked at him perplexed as he glided towards me, our arms touched.
Oh no, did he have any hint of me staring at him while he was driving? Fuck you, hormones.
Mr. Reynolds moved his fingers through the back of my hair and finally settled his hand in them. Within moments he squatted as he slowly moved his hands from my thigh to the back of my knee. His touch tickled me and my stupid mind.
"Oh no, bring me down at once ", I screamed as he picked me up bridal style. I moved my legs up and down so that he'd leave me at once because of annoyance. I hit him on his back as my hands were around his neck. I was just taking support because I didn't trust this psycho billionaire.
I hit him harder as he didn't settle me on the ground but instead he kept moving slowly. "I'll file a suit for molestation against you. Get me down at once Mr. Richie Rich ", yeah I just said his secret nickname in front of him. He looked at me, his face showed perfectly that he didn't like the nickname.
"Molestation, eh. You want me to show you what that is ?", he chuckled.
After reaching the couch, he threw me on it. I'm glad it was soft or I would've broken my bones otherwise. Now I knew what was going in his mind, the thought of possessing the bed. I frowned when he made an eye contact, a small disturbed pout naturally took birth.
"You cheated me ", the couch was small, very small. If I had to sleep on it the whole night then I had to be very stiff and alarmed. A small move and I am down on the floor. Either I had to take shelter of my right arms or my left as I couldn't sleep straight.
"You're a cheat. I marked the bed as mine "
"You say that like you're a werewolf ", he chuckled. His face showed fifty shades of amusement. He definitely was making fun of me.
I took a sitting position at once as when he threw me on the couch, my t-shirt got a bit lifted up showing an excessive amount of my stomach. I comforted my dress before continuing the argument.
" I can't sleep here. What if I fall? The conclusion is I am not sleeping here. Why don't you sleep here instead ?', I questioned as he glared me. "It was you who wanted us to act like a couple in front of Cody ", I offended preventing myself to use a high pitched voice.
"Oh, I have an idea. Try sleeping on the floor ", he was so stubborn. I wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor if he'd said those words in a low, sweet, and polite tone.
"I want to negotiate or the next thing I'll do is tell Cody the truth. I've had told it earlier to Mr. Linley, just so you remember ", I outstretched my lips making it look like a smile.
"Fine", he agreed.
" How long are we here for ?", I interrogated.
"6 days ", he answered instinctively.
"Then we have a way out ", I winked "we sleep on the bed one by one alternatively, no one gets to escape the experience of sleeping on the couch ", I signaled him a thumbs up.
###chapter 59
He marched backward settling himself on the comfortable bed "Fine, tonight is mine ", he detached his shirt from his body. My lips formed an 'o', I placed my palms on my lips so as to ignore what I just did. I gasped looking at his naked torso, his muscular body had all the necessary cuts. 
"I have got this habit! You always have the choice to look away ", he did catch me looking at him and he just said that to tease me. Oh no. 
"Why don't you just give up on your habits for 6 days?" I acted like I wasn't really intimidated by his torso, to be honest, I was. Why couldn't I have a different room, this way my feelings wouldn't simply be electrified.
"Whatever ", I laid on the couch turning towards the other side. It was cold plus there was only one blanket on the bed so Mr. Reynolds could only avail that facility "At least switch off the a/c", I rubbed my arms.
"Sorry but I won't", I kept my eyes closed and made sure to stick towards one side because the least I wanted was to fell off the bed and break my bones.
I was awakened by the sunlight which encountered my eyes, I rubbed my eyes and slowly opened them. My back hurt because of the stiffness in my sleeping position. My habits included sleeping whilst occupying the whole bed by changing position almost every moment.
Mr. Reynolds stood there already in his beige suit, his hair neatly spiked up. I woke up haphazardly and combed my hair with my fingers folding them in a bun. I knew that I was a wreck right now. Everyone wakes up to a wreck. stop thinking way too much Amanda.
I pulled out my towel and my bath-robe from my bag and took long steps towards the bathroom. I closed the doorknob of the bathroom and expected him to leave by the moment. 
I washed and put on my bath-robe over my undergarments. I escaped the bathroom carefully turning off the geyser. I didn't dry myself completely as I felt exhausted inside the bathroom. I peeped through the door and saw no glimpse of Mr. Reynolds so I walked freely in the room.
I brushed my wet hair with the comb brush which was on the dressing table, one thing I liked about 5-star restaurants was they provided their visitors to every facility in the most luxurious manner. The dressing table's drawer constituted of serums, packet shampoos, and chocolates.
Moving my hands through that stuff, I spotted a packet. On closely examining I realized that it was a packet of condoms. I kept it back again, I'm glad that Mr. Reynolds wasn't around at this moment.
I dried my hair with the towel, I quickly turned around when I heard a knock at the door. I wasn't much shocked when I spotted Mr. Reynolds, couldn't he just give me some privacy.
"Oh no", I tightened the knot of my bathrobe as it clearly showcased the sides of my cleavage.
"Stop acting like I haven't seen you that way earlier", his eyes traveled towards my intimate areas.
What the fuck, I gave him a weird look whilst pouting. "You didn't even knock ", I complained.
"Why would I need to ask permission to enter the room which is specifically allocated to me?" he smirked shrugging.
"You're living with a girl for fuck's sake ", he came closer as he removed the contract papers from his bag. I stood straight and waited for him to leave.
The moment he left I changed into a red peplum dress, I red-coated my lips and lashed my mascara avoiding excess makeup. I kept my hair open. I carried my long furry black coat as it was very cold outside. I rushed towards the hotel's conference room as I knew I was already late.
I walked in without asking for permission. I spotted Cody as he stood in the corner of this large conference room. I waved him smilingly as his eyes met mine. He came towards me and hugged me warmly, his touch was extremely friendly and genuine.
Mr. Reynolds eyed me from the back as he seated next to Mr. Henry. I accompanied him as I took the seat next to him. He cleared his throat "Miss Waters "
"Yeah?" I questioned.
"You look different", a blush escaped my lips as I knew different meant beautiful in his language. His compliments were different from the mainstream and they never failed to impress me. Damn! This man doesn't even know what he is doing to me. I tucked my hair behind my ear and tried to think differently.
Was the four-letter word reality of mine? No, it can't be. I convinced myself so as to prevent the thoughts which were paving in my head all the time.
###chapter 60
Amanda's POV
I cornered my eyes whilst secretly looking at Mr. Reynolds. He was busy jotting down the points he considered important. He played with his pen when doing the same.
I brought my awareness of the projector screen as soon as his eyes met mine. Why does he has to be so cautious all the time, don't be so attentive Mr. Richie Rich?
I looked straight in the direction of the man who was giving the presentation. Every time I had the urge to look at him, I'd bring up an act like pushing my chair or viewing the surrounding through the window, yeah my actions were strange lately but I didn't have any control over them.
You look different, Mr. Reynolds's words echoed in my ears. I tightened my lips so as to prevent myself from smiling and making a joke out of myself in front of so many people. 
Maybe I should compliment him? Don't be a fool, Amanda, he's busy focusing somewhere else. Stop acting like a fan-girl all the time and including the fact that the topic already ended a while ago, you'll have a tube-light moment. Train your reflexes instead. I was going mad and to be honest I didn't mind it at all. 
The speech continued boring the shit out of me, thanks to the fact that I knew how to sleep with eyes open. I had no one to talk with so I decided to stay still and wait for the meeting to get over. I brought my attention in place when everyone stood up and shook each other's hands. 
"It's a deal then ", Mr. Reynolds shook Mr. Henry's hand. I stood in one corner without disrupting anyone. I greeted Cody when he came towards me and stood next to me.
Everyone started leaving the conference room one by one. The only people who were yet present were me, Mr. Reynolds, Cody, Mr. Henry, and his wife. Mr. Henry's wife looked beautiful in her maxi-dress. Her age was almost in the late 30's. 
"You are here and you no go for sightseeing, let me take you ", her accent was Russian, it sounded so cute.
"Hello! Mrs. Henry ", I greeted her "Well--", I couldn't think of an answer. Sightseeing was actually a good idea but I knew that Mr. Reynolds would certainly be uninterested in it so I decided to tell her a plain no.
"Yeah Aaron, why don't you take Amanda out ", Mr. Henry tightened his tie as he spoke "We're done with today already ", he continued.
"We're fine, I guess ", I replied instinctively as Mr. Reynolds didn't answer.
"you both should definitely explore this beautiful place, its more like a village but it has an alluring scenic beauty ", the couple smiled looking at each other "We met here for the first time, I'm glad life bought me here ", he side hugged his wife. 
"I guess Amanda wants to stay in the hotel ", Excuse me, Mr Reynolds, you should ask my opinion first. I want to go out, I do. 
I fake smiled at him, he knew what exactly it meant. The inner me wanted to start a fight this very moment but I had great control over my nerves. "Plus, you'll have a gist of the place and the project once you watch it yourself ", Mr. Henry was being pushy. 
He did hit the right exact spot at the perfect time, Mr. Reynolds would never actually say a no to something which is related to business. I saw his facial expression and I sensed a 'yes' already. He pushed his sleeves up "fine, I'll take her ", he concluded as he left, I followed him out.
No, he didn't allow me to freshen up, I'm glad I carried my purse to the conference room. It included my compact powder so I fixed my look whilst looking at the small mirror in my compact. We got into the car, I took the passenger seat and attached the seat belt.
"Maybe you should use GPS", I shrugged as I knew that he may not have any idea regarding the roads of this place. 
"I don't need it ", he cocked his brows at me and continued driving. Can he actually listen to me for once? One moment I wanted to kiss him and the other moment I had the desire to punch him. 
The rest of the drive was silent, I didn't play music as I wasn't in a mood to. I looked outside the window, everything was so green and clean around. This place was silent, there weren't many vehicles on the road. I loved the silence which the atmosphere possessed. 
Every time his thoughts clicked my senses I'd indulge myself in thinking about different and way more beautiful things which included Nick Bateman, Francisco Lachowski, Zac Efron, etc. 
He stopped the car unexpectedly, I almost pumped away from my seat. I'm glad that I had my seat belts on. On taking a closer view I realized that Mr. Reynolds was already out of the car. I opened the door and followed him in his way out. I stood afar as I observed his actions, he was shaking hands with a tall muscular man. He had his sunglasses on, his body was huge. Very huge.
"Miss Waters ", he called me closer. I moved towards him at once and stood next to him. I looked at him, I am sure that a question mark would've been visible from my facial expressions.
"He's my personal detective, Mr. Caleb Stone ", he also had a Bluetooth device connected in his ears. He nodded looking at me, I nodded back.
"So Miss Waters, you still have the note which James dropped ?, Mr. Reynolds questioned.
"I don't, it's in our room. If I was to be informed, I would've carried it along ", I tried defending myself.
He looked straight in my eyes for a while and then focused his attention towards Mr. Stone "I'm glad I took a picture, I was well aware of the fact that my secretary was careless "
I pouted feeling disappointed by his last line, I controlled myself so as to prevent myself from getting into a debate. "Do you have any picture of that man ?", the detective questioned. 
"I don't click pictures and keeping pictures of other people doesn't include in my interests as well ", he was prone to complicating the sentence as a simple 'I don't have his picture' could do justice to this moment.
"I do ", I grinned on thinking about the fact that I had something which Mr. Reynolds didn't. 
"This ", on swiping the innumerable pictures in my spam folder I stopped at a picture of me with James. I did regret a bit as I should've shown a decent picture. Mr. Reynolds looked at the picture continuously, I pulled it away from his hand and handed it to the detective.
No, we weren't making out in the picture but his body was extremely close to mine. His hand rested on my stomach as he tightly held me closer to him. His chin was on my shoulder and he was smiling like an idiot. He forced me for this picture when we were in Pallapora town, I should've not allowed him to use me so much back then.
With thoughts like these, I wanted to stab myself. I was such a fool, I maybe was so desperate for love that I agreed to trust the wrong guy. I was glad that I stopped him from taking the wrong step that night on the terrace. 
"This will help ", he snapped the picture from his camera. "The person who left the note yesterday, was he James ?', he questioned.
"I don't know, maybe. His back faced me "
###chapter 61
"He should be James as he chose you over Aaron, he was well aware of the fact that who was the weaker candidate ", he burrowed his brows thinking deeply . "just be cautious and keep informing me every minute detail regarding him or whenever he threatens you ", he looked at me with concern "I've booked myself a room in the same hotel as yours so as to stay informed", he started to walk back towards his car.
"Miss Waters ", he called out my name as he turned back again. I and Mr. Reynolds watched him attentively.
"He's going to come back to you soon, I didn't want to scare you but since he's leaving trails it's pretty clear he'll be back. Stay safe ", he turned around again and got in his car. Within moments the image of his car disappeared. 
I gasped as I looked at Mr. Reynolds, trepidation could be felt on my face. I tried to act normal but I couldn't. I was agitated by his last words as it echoed in my ears. Will he really come back? Will he kill me this time?
"Miss Waters "
Will he rape or molest me or do something even worse?
"Amanda ", Mr. Reynolds shook me hard and pulled me out of my pessimistic thoughts. 
"You'll be fine ", a tear rolled from my eyes. "I said you'll be fine. I won't leave your side. James is supposedly my problem and I won't let him affect you, not even the tiniest strand of your hair ", he was repeating the same consoling words but it didn't felt solacing as James was a lunatic man. 
He'd practice innumerable filthy practices until he got what he urged for, I stood in his way in the past. I was the culprit. If I wasn't in the picture back, then he would've had his hands on Mr. Reynolds's wealth by now. 
"Let's go ", Mr. Reynolds caught me by my waist and gave a slow push to my body as it was still.
I nodded as I followed him, he opened the car's door for me. Gentleman, much ?. "Let's go back to the hotel ", I disrupted the silence.
"I'm willing to have a look at the place around. ", he started to drive. I was silent throughout, I didn't feel like talking to anyone. We stopped at a nearby restaurant and had the traditional lunch of this place. We got ourselves in the car after having lunch.
"Where to ?", he questioned.
"Wherever you want to. Will, you listen to me anyway ?", I rhetorically questioned.
He chuckled on hearing my words, he didn't reply. He was silent. It was evening by now, he slowed down the speed of the car whenever he wanted to observe the place. He didn't leave the car at all. 
Didn't I deserve to be happy as every time I was in a jolly mood something bad always happened? Mr. Reynolds suddenly took a halt at an indecent place, it was a bit more crowded as compared to the other places around here. I saw the tagline which read "Hershey's club and bar"
Seriously? He's taking me to the club in a peplum? He removed his coat and opened the initial 3 buttons of his shirt. He threw his coat on the back seat. He looked effortlessly hot and decent enough to make an entry. He folded his sleeves, I gasped in amazement of the view. His eyes interlocked with mine just before he exited the car.
"What, I am not coming ", I started when he opened the door of my side.
"And the reason is ?", he questioned. 
"I am not perfectly dressed, people will definitely laugh at this formal attire of mine ", I replied.
"Are you getting out of the car or do you want me to drag you along ?", he furrowed his brows "You know how unsafe you are alone, right ?", he definitely was trying to scare me and to be honest he succeeded. I got out of the car instinctively.
We entered together, his arms touched mine. I saw a group of girls staring at us, specifically him. I at once crooked my hand in his elbow, I raised my eyebrows while looking at them. I slyly smiled at realizing how bitchy I was. I couldn't stand the thought of other girls staring at him.
The music around was loud, the smell of alcohol traveled through my nose. I didn't usually drink but today I felt like. People were throwing upon each other on the dance floor, the view wasn't very decent. Sensuousness plastered the atmosphere around. 
"Let's go to the bar ", I urged for a drink.
"No, I am not allowing you to drink "
"Excuse me, who are you? ", I questioned.
"Your boss ", he answered.
"Not here ", I walked fast knowing the fact that I left him behind. He followed me as he grasped me closer to him by his hand. His body touched mine, he bent down a bit as he was a bit taller than me.
"I didn't bring you here to drink and lose your senses, I wanted to--", he stepped closer to me. Our lips almost touched.
###chapter 62
Amanda's POV

"I didn't bring you here to drink and lose your senses, I wanted to--", he stepped closer to me. Our lips almost touched. My heart raced as my hand rested on his chest. He gave me inhale-exhale issues. 
My eyes were interlocked with his, none of us broke the contact. His eyes traveled through my face and made its way towards my lips. I gasped. I stood still for a moment, my brain ceased to work. 
I pulled myself away from him on learning his facial expressions, they weren't as straight as usual. "You wanted to ?', I questioned as I was intrigued by his statement.
"Nothing", he changed the topic. It felt like he was lying, he did want to say something but unfortunately, he couldn't. "I uh- I ", he stammered "I wanted to buy this place so I decided to have a look around"
"Okay, have fun inspecting this place.Mr. Richie Rich", I turned my attention away from him. I leaned towards the menu whilst taking a seat at the bar. Mr. Reynolds didn't follow me, maybe I was a bit rude before. No Amanda you weren't.
"One Martini please ", I swiped my credit card whilst making the payment. I took a small sip of it. Olives surrounded my glass generating a bit of saltiness flavor in my mouth. I blinked my eyes as I pouted at the sour taste. 
I cornered my eyes, turned my chair around against the bartender, and searched for Mr. Reynolds around in the crowd. Without enforcing my eyes, I spotted him on the couch. 3 almost naked women surrounded him. One had her hands on his thigh, the other curled her hands around his neck and the third stood still with a bottle of vodka as she swayed it in the air. 
Oh My Lord, look at them. The town was decent and traditional, the women here weren't. Didn't they lack decency? They were literally hanging on a man, a single man who was single too. Why does it sound so unpleasant to my ears? Pfft.
I tried to look away as the view was affecting me. I was infuriating, I had no control over this situation of mine. I tried to bird-watch around, no one caught my eye though. 
My eye-balls traveled to that direction no matter how much I warned it. I clenched my left fist as I took another sip of my Martini. He had all the right to do whatever he wanted to but it hurt like someone was pinning some sort of pointed needle in my heart again and again.
Take it easy Amanda, he's no one but your boss. You're no one to him but his employee. Just another employee. 
"Hey sexy, all alone ?", a man brushed his hair as he walked towards me. I at first decided to not attend him but I was all alone and a little company from someone was something I shouldn't object to. I waved him with a half-smile.
"I am Amanda ", he pushed his hand in my direction wanting a shake. I smiled stretching my lips as I tightened the grip of my hands over the glass. I clearly avoided his gesture.
"Nice to meet you "
"Well, I reciprocate the feeling ", I took another sip. My head was heavy by now, No I didn't lose my senses. I wasn't just used to drink so I tended to have an ache in my head whenever I opted for alcohol.
"So, mind if I ask this beautiful girl sitting in front of me a dance ?', he arched his brow as he swayed his right hand towards me again.
"I am fine, this way ", I totally avoided him again. I didn't like him and I felt better off alone so I decided to cut his presence from my life. "I don't want to either dance or have any further word with you ", I can't blame myself as alcohol always brought the blunt Amanda out.
"Did you just insult me on my face ", I did attempt to rage him.
"I did, oops ", I covered my mouth with my hands dramatically as I placed the empty glass back on the table "Go away, shoooooooooooo ", I extended the o in the shoo.
He stumped his foot hard on the floor, my heart raced in agitation. I couldn't take a back step as I was seated and my back already rested on the corner of the table. I swallowed as he was now very close to me, I could feel him breathing.
Where are you Mr. Reynolds, I closed my eyes. Maybe I should stop acting a bit over-smart. "Hey you ", I pointed my finger against his chest at I tilted my face and looked straight in his eyes. 
I didn't want him to know that I was scared, we give people the power to scare us. The moment we stand for ourselves, they'll consider us a stand-out. They won't consider us weak.
My heart raced as his intentions didn't look much pure to me. "Oh Amanda, where have you been ?, I sighed as I saw Mr. Reynolds push the man away through his shoulders. 
I smiled gratefully on spotting him. The man took back steps and then got himself comfortable in the crowd. "Can you literally go a day without needing my help ?", he interrogated as he ordered himself a drink too.
"I can, I choose not to ", I quickly looked away on this statement of mine. Damn you, Alcohol.
He ordered himself a drink and took the seat next to me. Our arms touched, I didn't distance myself away. I liked it this way. The women he was surrounded by earlier was nowhere to be seen now "So?", I questioned.
"So, what ?", he questioned back. My bad, I didn't really complete my sentence.
"Where are the ladies you were having your sensuous time with ", Okay I was done being blunt for today.
"You sound like a nosy wife and I am not answering you ", I shrugged as I took shelter of his shoulders to stand up. I straightened my dress and decided to walk away from him, he was like a contaminating virus that was affecting my body, precisely my heart. 
I hopped and swayed my hands in the air on reaching the dance floor. Several bodies touched mine, I didn't let my introverted nature to affect it. I pushed myself on people just like everyone did when the music-beats hit my ears. It felt a bit awkward but it was what I needed to divert my mind. 
Suddenly I was propelled away from the crowd, my forehead rested on the ground because of the hard push. I picked myself up whilst taking the support of the ground. Maybe I did drink more than my actual capacity.
I marched towards the floor again and avoided my unconsciousness completely. I hopped in sync with the song, I did hair flips while doing the same.
###chapter 63
The floor was a bit crowded so I couldn't dance comfortably and as a result, my body was restricted to a certain area. I decided to completely avoid Mr. Reynolds. I turned my attention towards him, he kept himself busy with the bottle of Bacardi and his phone. I playfully hit my head and turned in the opposite direction.
I felt a push on my body again, I decided to push back this time so I tilted my chin up in order to have a view of the muscular person who was shoving me again and again.
"Excuse me ", I tried pushing him while I danced. He didn't move, not even an inch. He tightly caught me by my wrist and yanked me away from the dance floor, towards the exit.
He was tall, muscular, and had great height. His face was tanned, his black eyes were scary as he gazed towards me. "Get the fuck off ", I screamed.
Holding me tightly by my shoulders he pushed me towards the wall. We were close to the parking area, the place was quite vacant which set me off in fear and trepidation. 
"Who are you ", I shrieked as I was totally unaware of the massive figure.
"Here's your cash ", I cornered my eyes as I sensed a familiar voice. My eyes widened in fear as I gasped on spotting James. He threw a signed cheque on the man's face. The man took a glimpse of it and left.
James had his focus on this man, taking advantage of this situation I took a step away. To my oblivion, he roughly pulled me closer to him through my waist. My heart almost plummeted on the floor and I gasped again. 
"le-let m-me go ", I stammered as I formed the sentence. 
"I brought you this close to me ", I could feel his breath when he kissed my neck "And now I should let you go ?", he raised his brows whilst chortling.
"Please", I pinched him on his hand as an attempt to bail myself. He turned aggressively facing him, I swallowed while I looked at him in perturbation.
His proximity towards me scared the shit out of me. My hands shivered as I pushed him away. On kissing the tip of my nose, he smirked. I rubbed his touch on my nose with my shoulders. My hands shivered when I pushed him away, as gravity pulled me closer again. 
"Mr. Reynolds, where are you ?", I shrieked as I turned my head from left to right searching for him. To my disappointment, there was no one. 
"No he's not coming for you this time ", he tightened his grip over my arms. He mischievously smiled "Aw poor baby, I warned you though "
"Are you going to kill me ?", I questioned.
"Not so soon, I want you to die a slow painful death with your Mr. Reynolds ", he laughed as he removed his pocket knife.
I gawked at him as he started moving it over the naked skin on my neck, I cornered my eyes to places where his knife moved. He didn't insert any force on it, he was clearly scaring me. And suddenly he ripped off the sleeves of my dress through the knife and injected the knife in my shoulders on the naked area.
I yelled when I couldn't take the pain any longer. I could see the blood sinking in my dress. It hurt, it hurt very badly. "Enough for today ", he removed a huge handkerchief from the pocket of his jeans. He pursed it in between my lips and tied the knot thereafter. 
I kicked him on his knees, it didn't work. In fact, it exasperated him more, he interlocked both my hands and connected a rope on it, preventing them to move any further. He picked me up and rested my stomach on his shoulder.
My whole world felt upside down, I only hoped for Mr. Reynolds. Every time I was in trouble he rescued me. I didn't let any pessimistic thoughts to cross my mind. James walked steadily with me on his shoulders. 
On reaching a certain spot, he threw me inside. On turning my eye-balls around I realized that it was a trunk of some cars. He jerked it close as soon as he placed me inside.
Darkness surrounded, I couldn't see anything even with my eyes. My eyes were paining due to the excessive flow of water from it. My tears dried naturally as I couldn't wipe it off. 
I tried screaming out loud but no one heard me. To my relief, the car didn't move yet. I pushed the trunk lid continuously through my body but it didn't move too, not even an ounce of it. 
My throat was parched due to my incalculable shouting attempts. My superior eyelid interacted with my inferior eyelid due to tiredness. I stayed that way for a long time and finally lost consciousness.
###chapter 64
AMANDA'S POV

Waking up to the phone's flashlight I closed my eyes again instinctively. My neck choked due to inefficient air in the trunk. I took a deep breath when I spotted Mr. Reynolds. Tears started to make way from my eyes through my cheeks. 
He quickly loosened the knot of the handkerchief which rested on my lips. I parted my lips and took the air in through it. I felt choked and helpless. 
Like a baby, he slowly and softly removed me from the trunk of the car. He instinctively released my hands which were tightly gripped by the rope. Scars were clearly visible on my wrists. 
I straightened my legs as they were curled up inside. It pained, it pained so much. I couldn't explain. He tucked away from the hair which rested on my forehead, I pushed my head on his chest as I settled myself in him. I closed my eyes whilst he moved his hands through my hair as he pulled me closer. I could hear his heart-beats, they kind of assured me that I was safe now.
I wept as I wasn't able to possess control over my emotions. In his arms, I felt peace. I sighed as he caressed my back continuously. I didn't pull away, I stayed that way. In his arms, I felt secure. He tucked my baby-hair behind my ears again as he examined my wrecked face. He didn't say anything, neither did I.
His gaze rested on my shoulder which had a cut, I tried to hide it with my hand as it looked vulnerable. The blood which surrounded the area almost dried, covering the wound with his coat he gently stroked my chin. "You okay ?", he finally broke the silence.
"Mmhmm ", I nodded whilst smiling and crying at the same time. My body pained and so did the cut on my shoulder. I pulled him closer again and wrapped my hands around his neck, he hugged me back. I didn't intend to pull away but I did in a while, he stayed still.
When his attention settled on the handkerchief which lip sealed me, he picked it up instinctively. It had a message, Oh my lord. James was definitely playing a dirty game with us. It read "Just a trailer "
Later, I realized the fact that the car was of no one but Mr. Reynolds. He buried me in the trunk of Mr. Reynolds's car. What even was playing in his mind, I didn't have any idea about it.
"How did you know I was here ", I interrogated as Mr. Reynolds examined the handkerchief.
"There was a small note on the name-plate of the car. It read 'save her before she dies out of exhaustion ' ", he showed me the note. "I really had an opinion that you left the party and made yourself comfortable at the hotel so I didn't really come looking for you "
I caressed my shoulder as the wound pained "Someone just shoved me away from the club", I wiped off the tears which blurred my vision. I couldn't stop but rethink the whole scenario again and again.
"He definitely has something dirty planned ", after giving me his hand, he helped me walk till the back seat. Did he just allow me to sit on the back seat ? "lie down here, we'll get your wounds diagnosed once we reach the hotel "
"Okay ", I laid on the seat while he drove. The rest of the ride was silent, the only voices which were audible were of the innumerable horns. 
On stopping the car he unlocked the car's door. My legs shivered while I walk so I took shelter from Mr. Reynolds's shoulders. Curling my arms through his neck I felt at ease. He walked us to our room and helped me lay on the bed.
He quickly called the room service through the hotel's telephone. "Hey can you help me with a doctor's number ", he noted down the number using a pen and inscribed it on his palm.
Within moments, an old man entered our room. His shirt was surrounded by a white overcoat and round spectacles rested on his nose. His appearance could easily denote the fact of him being a doctor. 
He marched towards us with his small suitcase. On closely examining the wound, he first cleaned it up with an antiseptic. After applying the ointment he covered it with a band-aid. 
"So, here are the pills you got to take three times in a day ", he instructed me about the medicines.
"Uh- oh, but you already cured it doc. I guess I'll do fine without medicines too ", I objected. I, like any other girl, hated medicines so much.
"No baby, you've to take them in order to get well ", what was the doctor considering me, a kid? I pouted in dismay. 
He handed me the glass of water along with medicines. I closed my eyes and gulped them without sensing its bitter flavor. After the doctor left, I removed my nightdress from my bag and made way towards the washroom. I paired my sleeveless tank top with my pajamas since the doctor advised me to wear a loose dress.
After having dinner, I comforted myself on the bed since it was my turn today. Without complaining, Mr. Reynolds fixed himself on the small couch. My body was small as compared to him so a thought bypassed my mind that if my tiny body had to face so many difficulties on that small couch then how will his muscular body make space there.
Maybe I should share the bed with him or maybe I should sleep on the couch myself and let him have the bed. "Mr. Reynolds ", I broke the silence.
"Yes?" he questioned whilst opening his shirt buttons. I could see his naked torso which showed his muscular cuts perfectly. I tried ignoring it and continued my further sentence.
I gathered my hair into a bun "You can take the bed ", I looked towards him.
"What, do you want to sleep with me ?", he mischievously smirked. 
"No! I want you to have possession of the bed. I'll make myself comfortable on the couch like yesterday ", I crossed my legs and sat on the bed. 
"No. We both made a mutual decision earlier, I'll stick to that ", he straightened his legs, they didn't fit perfectly on the couch. We only had one huge blanket so as I was sleeping on the bed, I could avail of the blanket's facility. 
He turned off the switch and concealed the room with darkness. It was getting cold so I surfaced the blanket on my body properly. I closed my eyes and decided to practice optimism. Today could've gone wrong if James wouldn't have buried me in the trunk of Mr. Reynolds's car. 
But why didn't he take me along and killed me that very moment? What exactly did the word trailer mean? Scared would be a small word in relevance to my situation, I was horrified, to be honest. I kept my eyes closed and buried my head on the pillow.
When my eyes opened in the middle of the night, I turned on my lock-screen to have a look at the time. It was 4:00 am, I pushed the 'on' button of the table lamp to see through the room as it was very dark. 
Mr. Reynolds slept uneasily on the couch. His body was slowly trembling out of cold, he hugged himself through his arms as an attempt to create warmth. The cold didn't affect me much yesterday but he was definitely influenced by it. I felt guilty because he had to compromise on his luxury.
I picked up the bed-sheet and marched towards the couch. His face looked extremely beautiful, his well-defined jaw with subtle beards looked more attractive while he slept. I star-gazed at him for a while, I pushed the baby hair away which rested on his forehead. 
One thing which stroke my mind was, I could look at him forever. Forever was a long time but I didn't mind spending it by his side. I no longer felt the need to control my emotions as I began to respect them.
I gently covered his body with the warm bed-sheet and stroked his cheek with the back of my hand. I was careful about my movements because I didn't want to wake him up. The view was enchanting, I didn't really have the urge to go back on the bed but I had to. 
I slowly walked to the bed on my toes so as to prevent myself from making any noise. I covered my body with my long scarf as it really was cold. Thinking about Mr. Reynolds, a smile escaped my lips, was it really love or just an attraction?
Waking up to the smell of food was the best thing about this morning. I quickly brushed my teeth and pounced on the chocolate overloaded waffles with french toasts accompanied with a jar full of orange juice.
Mr. Reynolds wasn't visible, the sheet was neatly folded and placed on the bed. I knew that it took me a while to wake up. 
I stuffed the food in my mouth one by one as I was hungry. I gulped down the whole orange juice in one take. I slowed down my eating activity when I heard footsteps. I knew it was him. 
I quickly pushed the baby strands back into my hair so as to look presentable . "good morning ", I smiled as I looked at him.
"So, did you eat your medicines ?", he questioned. Oh hello, how about a good morning to you too?
"Not yet ", I answered.
###chapter 65
"Have them ", he read the timetable through the chart the doctor has made. Picking out the relevant medicines, he handed them to me "how do you feel ?", he questioned again.
"In lo---", Oh no-no. How do I change the topic now "In a lot of better ", he looked at me perplexed, my sentence was awfully confusing. 
"Okay!" he exclaimed as he took a seat next to me on the bed. He did keep some distance in between. 
"Hello Mr. Caleb ", he raised himself up and shook his hands with the detective. 
"Hey, good morning ", I greeted cheerfully. If only I'd known he was going to come then I'd change into a lot more decent outfit. 
"Here is the note and the handkerchief, he left last night ", he handed the clues to Mr. Caleb. 
He examined them one after the other, he also looked at my wound closely. I am glad my top was sleeveless so I didn't have to push my sleeve down. 
"The signs which he is showing emphasizes the fact that he has something big and dirty planned against you both ", he cleared his throat and continued "The word trailer as per my knowledge means that whatever he did was very small to something which he has planned. "
I gasped as my eyes widened "He did tell me that he was going to lead me to a slow painful death . His sentence also included Mr. Reynolds's name ", I looked in his eyes.
"This case is getting complicated day by day. I've already assigned his picture to the local cops around. They've started their search for him. I suggest you'll to leave this place and get back to your city--", Mr. Reynolds cut his sentence.
"I am not leaving this place because of him. I'll call my driver and allow Miss Waters to go home with him ", he rubbed his forehead.
"I am not leaving anywhere without you ", I made a decision. I couldn't just save my life and let him be in danger. I knew James and I also was aware of how dangerous he was. 
"Well then let me allocate some bodyguards for your safety. They won't interrupt you, they'll just watch from space and keep assuring me about your well-being ", Mr. Caleb looked more of a police and less of a detective.
He shook his hands with both of us again and left the room. "Who is he ?', I inquired about him for the second time.
"A retired police officer but that doesn't matter ".

***

AMANDA'S' POV

"We have heard about the progress of Pallapora's town redevelopment program , that really created an urge in us to do business with you", Mr Reynolds smiled as Mr Henry praised him. 
He tightened his tie "I am glad you liked my work . I make sure to do it with perfection every time ", his lips gave birth to a small smile and he continued "I went through the town and I am quite convinced by its ethereal beauty"
"That's really a compliment for this small city ", Mr Henry along with his group of associates started discussing about the do's and don't of the project . I wasn't really interested in their crappy business talks so I decided to make the most of my time aka stare at the guy I was crushing on.
Every time I had an eye contact with him , I'd focus my attention towards the wall which was behind him. Maybe I should tell him about my feelings or maybe I shouldn't. There was a tsunami of mixed thoughts which were confusing my already confused mind.
"Miss Waters, what is your opinion regarding this topic?", Mr Reynolds cocked his brow as he looked straight in my eyes.
I wasn't really focusing at the question at first place so I had a blank expression plus I couldn't ask him to pardon the sentence "Whatever your opinion is", I felt it the most relevant answer at the moment. I knew it was very dumb of me.
On hearing some people giggle I glanced at them , they stopped the very moment when they analyzed me eyeing them. I frowned at my own stupidity.
I attentively heard the rest of the discussion and even asked relevant questions so as to cover up from my previous blonde behavior. 
"So , we can wrap up the work by tomorrow afternoon and leave instinctively then ", Mr Reynolds sighed . A part of me was happy to leave the place as it had been troublesome for me since we initiated the journey but the other part was sad because I was actually enjoying my time with Mr Reynolds.
"I am sorry but I guess you'll have to re-schedule the whole back-to-home plan", Cody interrupted .
"Yes, we have a special masquerade ball arranged for tomorrow night . We are celebrating our hotel's 100th anniversary and we'll be honored if you could enlighten us with your presence ", Mr Henry sounded so pushy .
"I'll be delighted to attend the same", Mr Reynolds accepted his invitation . I stood at one corner simply playing with my hair as no one really included me in their conversation.
People started leaving the conference room one by one. I followed Mr Reynolds while he exited . We didn't talk, just walked . Leading our path he strolled towards a place which wasn't our room.
"Hey wait--", I tried stopping him .
"Yes ?"
"Where are we heading to ?", I questioned as I matched his speed . He halted for a while and paid attention to my dress before answering.
"The garden"
"The garden?", I was bewildered as he definitely didn't seem the type of guy to relax in the garden.
"Why? Am I not allowed there?" he interrogated.
"Of course you are", I let him take the head again . I tried to avoid the thumping noise my sandal made on interaction with the floor.
On reaching the garden he settled himself on the bench so I took the seat next to him . The place was the most liveliest throughout . Small kids were playing around, oldies had their whole different laughter club . I knew as I read the board which was placed in the area they sat.
Sunlight was dim , the breeze was cold . I tried not to react to it . "I wish I could go back to my childhood", I looked at those kids who played and laughed carelessly.
" I am better like this", I knew he had a rough history . I knew some part of it but I never tried digging out the whole story . 
"Did you just say better? Better which is the comparative form of good ? ", I tried amusing him by mixing brows. I changed the topic because whenever the topic of childhood popped in , his face turned low and disconsolate . I shouldn't have started the topic at first place.
He chuckled on my statement but didn't answer. No one among us spoke for a while, silence spoke . "When I first met you ", I interrogated the silence.
"Mmhmm?", he inquired .
"I thought you were a bad man , you aren't actually . You try to be hard. I don't know why ", I shrugged "But you're a good man Mr Reynolds , to be precise you're one of the best man I have ever met", I confessed a part of my feelings.
"I am not very close to or acquainted with good . I -I ", he stammered like he wanted to say me something.
"You?" I tried asking him.
"Nothing", he cut my sentence . What was it though? I knew that this was one of his statements I had to enter in my book of 'unanswered questions'
"Okay", I didn't engulf him into the topic as it was irrelevant. I was well aware of his stubborn nature. 
"hey there love-birds", Cody sauntered towards us with a man who held him by his waist . I could figure it easily that they were into each other. To be honest their pair looked cute, very cute.
"I see ha", I winked at Cody . He blushed at my expression and introduced us with the man he accompanied.
"Meet David, my boyfriend", I stood up and hugged David in a friendly way . Mr Reynolds shook his hands without burdening his sitting position. Cody's eyes twinkled with joy in finding his partner.
###chapter 66
I pointed towards the vacant chairs which were close to our bench "have a seat ", I smiled at them . They rested themselves on the seats . I peeped at their fingers which were laced with each other "Awe you guys are really cute", I complimented them. 
"Says the girl from the cutest couple "', a quick smile escaped my lips. I tried to hide it as I looked away. Realizing our distance , Mr Reynolds shifted himself closer to me. Our arms touched which allowed a shiver to pass through my spine. 
"I see you maintain a lot of distance when in public", Cody shrugged as he giggled .
"We're just a very very introverted couple ", he curled his hands around my waist . His proximity towards my body made me believe in butterflies. Oh my Lady Gaga, they definitely existed. 
I chuckled as I rubbed the back of his hand "True ", I agreed to his sentence "lets go baby ", he pecked my cheek unexpectedly turning my natural blusher on. Why were his actions so unanticipated, I pouted as we walked towards our room. 
I placed the tub of chocolate ice-cream on my lap and turned on NetFlix. I entertained myself with adventure movies back to back till night, his attention was focused towards the laptop . I did check on him at regular intervals .
After having dinner I made myself comfortable on the couch as it was my turn tonight . I was alarmed from my sleep when I heard loud footsteps.
I slowly opened my eyes and saw the man in agitation. I yelled out of my lungs on recognizing the figure, I at once uplifted myself.
James pounced on me with all his might , he had a revolver in his hand . He kept it on my head as he yanked the top of mine furiously. "Mr. Reynolds, wake up", I screamed.
"Hola bitch ", he punched me in my stomach. 
"Mr. Reynoldsssss", I shrieked again. "Aarooooooooon , wake up", my voice was louder this time. On sensing the consternation of my loud pitched voice he woke up and came towards me , his eyes were filled with dismay .
"So let's kill Mr Reynolds first ", he smirked as he pointed the revolver towards him . I tried punching him but my push didn't affect him a lot . He threw me on the couch when I tried pushing the revolver away from his hands. 
When I saw him triggering the revolver I stood on my feet hurriedly and ran towards him "Aarooooooooon", I shouted.
I felt a continuous slow tap on my cheek , I opened my eyes realizing that it was a dream . I wiped off the sweat from my forehead . That dream felt so real and horrid. 
I could literally hear the thumping of my heart , I took deep breaths to calm myself down . I had my fingers intertwined with Mr. Reynolds's. He sat next to me on the couch and rubbed my back unceasingly with his other hand. I placed my temple on his forehead and found peace. 
"you okay?" he interrogated slowly as he wiped of the tears and gently stroked my cheeks with the back of his hand. 
I am now", I tried controlling my tears but I couldn't. I held him tight and refused to let him go away. He didn't fail to solace me.
"I saw James ", I took a deep breath "What if the dream comes true ?", I looked at him as tears rolled through my eyes constantly.
"It won't. Shush", he kept his fingers on my lips "Sleep on the bed, I'll take-over the couch", he helped me stand up and walked me till the bed. After assuring that I laid comfortably he covered my body with the blanket. 
The filthy dream kept replaying in my mind again and again . Our fingers were yet intertwined and I denied to let go off it . "don't go", I pulled him through his hand.
"I won't ever ", he sat on the bed as he patted my forehead whilst tucking away the baby hair . I sighed as I felt safe because he was around. 
"You can have the bed's other half ", I interrupted the silence , my voice shivered as I was yet in shock . He straightened his legs on agreeing to my proposal. 
I closed my eyes as an attempt to sleep, I felt a smooth touch on my forehead . He kissed me , he thought I was unconscious or unaware. He didn't know that I wad yet awake. I tried avoiding all the negativity and bad thoughts. I couldn't sleep so I just kept my eyes closed and relaxed.
Mr Reynolds had his hands on my stomach , he didn't keep them intentionally . I knew because when I cornered my eyes I saw him busy sleeping . I placed my hands on him and consoled myself through his presence.
On slowly opening my eyes in the morning , I perceived that my head rested on his shoulder while my right hand sheltered itself on his chest . He had his left hand on my waist and his right on my shoulder. I gave my body a bit push to untangle myself from the cuddling position. 
I couldn't, I had to wake him up for that. He slept peacefully and I didn't really intend to wake him up. I gawked at his exceptionally alluring face for a while, he was flawless and I wanted him all by myself. 
Yes, I wanted him. There was no denying in it . 
Maybe I should confess about my feelings to him, even if he doesn't reciprocates it . I was ready for the heart-ache even at the cost of rejection . I didn't really want to keep my feelings to myself . It's not necessary that when you give love, you get it back. Sometimes fate and destiny doesn't intends to bring people together but that shouldn't stop you from loving someone.
Chuck Bass once said 'You don't give up on people you love' and I was a firm believer in it. I refused to give up on the fact that I loved him. Tenderly, dearly and totally.
Today , at the masquerade ball I'll say my heart out . It would be easier because we'd have our masks on so it won't be much of a difficult task. A quick blush took birth on my face as I virtually pictured out the scenario. 
When he opened his eyes, he was startled as my nose touched his chin. He let go off me slowly, I refused to make any eye contact as I was already embarrassed for pulling him in the bed with me. I marched towards the washroom and didn't turn behind even for once.
###chapter 67
Amanda's POV

Latching the main door of the room, I zipped the sides of the gown as per my fitting . I let the tassels flow through my sleeveless skin . I am glad I kept this extra clothing in my bag . I wasn't prepared for the masquerade ball at first place , if I had any idea about it then I would've definitely carried a proper exotic outfit . Though , this one wasn't bad .
It was a floor length flowy dress which showed off my curves till the waist . I surrounded my neck with a simple chain so as to give it a decent effect . 
I chose small heels over the outfit as the gown was a bit too long for me to handle. I puffed the compact powder all over my face so as to maintain a balance over the uneven pores . 
Twisting my hairs into a bun I let off the small strands out giving it a messy look . Mess was hot , right ? . I gave a smokey effect to my eyes and applied a nude shade on my lips .
Usually I didn't like to get ready but today I wanted to look different . Good kind of different , in his language . I tried blushing red to my cheeks as the thought of him had done half of it's work. 
"I want t-to confess something ", I stammered "I like you , I mean I love you . I can't deny the fact that I have started feeling for you . I don't expect the same from you, I lo-love you and I really do ", I pouted whilst practicing with my reflection in the mirror . 
I tapped on my head as I was reciting the lines but never once I found it overwhelming and perfect . Shut up Amanda , just go with the flow . 
Looking at my reflection one last time I exited the room . I took deep breadths as I marched towards the hall room . The place was royally decorated with white curtains all around . The carpet was red . There were small tables around which had an orchid bouquet over each . The ceilings were vaulted with light blue lights . The decoration was very impressive . 
I twirled my eye balls around to find Mr Reynolds as he wasn't visible . "Who are you searching for , Miss Waters ?", I felt a touch on my earlobe when I heard a murmur . 
"You ", Mr Reynolds wore a black fit tuxedo over a white shirt. His perfectly toned torso showed his perfect body . My eyes widened in awe and amazement . I shamelessly gazed at his perfect face for a while , the moment my reflexes passed a message to my eyes , I turned away as it felt quite inappropriate to stare at someone without sunglasses . 
"yes , me " , he stepped closer as he examined me from head to toe. I pursed my lips tight to avoid the smile which was taking birth. Come on Mr Reynolds I have wasted whole 30 minutes of my life to get dolled up , compliment me. 
"You look amazing ", I regretted the words which escaped my lips . I tried to look away but his eyes were interlocked with mine . 
"I always do ", he smirked . The waiters moved around the hall-room with trays which were filled with different kind of masks . 
"Excuse me ", I called him and covered my face with a red mask . Red went well with the color of my dress . I knotted the ribbon of the mask through my hands . Everyone had their faces covered so it was quite difficult for me to locate the few people I knew.
"Aren't you going to wear one ?", I questioned as he didn't collect his mask from the tray . 
"I am not a firm believer of such balls . I don't think I should attach a mask to my face ", he contradicted.
"I insist please ", I picked up one silver mask for him . 
"Okay , not because you insisted ", he took the mask and wore it over his face . The mask covered three fourth of his face , his pale pink lips and sculpted jaw were yet visible . I smiled as he did something I asked him to do.
"Love birds ", we heard a familiar voice . Without even guessing I could say that it was Cody . David was latched with him . I hugged them both warmly , Mr Reynolds greeted them with a nod , I always wondered why he distanced himself so much from every one . 
He placed his hand on my waist and squeezed me closer to him, I gasped in astonishment, "Make yourself comfortable Miss Waters , I'll see you around ", he looked at me one last time and disappeared in the crowd. 
"I am glad I finally have some people to talk with, Mr Reynolds is so silent all the time ", I sighed looking at Cody and David "So tell me how did you confess your love to each other ?", I wasn't just intrigued but was trying to secretly take tips . 
They smiled looking at each other , David was the first to speak up "Though , it's been only a day of us as official but I feel he's my soul mate already "
"We didn't really have to confess our love to each other . We had those sexy eye contacts , unbreakable ones . Eyes speak , they do --", Cody cut his sentence .
"Of course they do ", he caressed David's hand. " I just couldn't resist my desire to kiss him and to my delight , he kissed me back . We had our thing ever since ", they looked at each other and kind of got lost .
Oh , he kissed me and I kissed him back. Not once , not twice but a lot more than that . We should be having a thing then . No , their love story definitely didn't prove out to be one sort of help in my situation . I didn't really intend to interrupt their cute moments so I distanced myself away from them . 
I smiled cheerfully when we had an eye contact . This party was monotonous for me , It would've been relishing if I had Gina , Francis and Sonia along . I went towards the buffet , filled my plate with delicious delicacies and took a seat at the nearest table . 
Food kept me sane , Mr Reynolds was no where to be seen . The lights were dim by this moment as more then half of the people gathered around the dance floor. Food kept me satiated .
On sensing a gentle touch on the wounded area over my shoulder , I gasped and turned behind to have a look at that person . It didn't take me much long to personify the human figure . Knowing the fact that he was Mr Reynolds , I refocused my attention in the direction of my plate. 
How did he touch me on my wounded area and caused me affliction ? . He has tortured me , insulted me , passed sarcastic comments but never once caused me harm . In fact he was my knight in shining armor.
"What ?", I questioned , noodles swooped down from my folk.
He didn't answer me , was he numb ? He instead propelled his hand in my direction . Was he escorting me till the floor ? Oh no no . I chewed the food and gulped them with coke . My hand's weren't dirty but I yet wiped it with the tissue.
I laced my hands with his and accompanied him to the floor . The touch didn't electrify my nerves , it didn't question my sanity . I peeped as I turned my face towards his direction to cross-check . He had the same suite , same mask and the same ruthless attitude . He was definitely my Mr Reynolds .
###chapter 68
Why was I so unsure then ? You're going crazy Amanda . The thought of confessing your feelings to him is driving you insane. 
"Where to , Mr Reynolds ", I interrogated as he leaded us to the terrace . All this time I was wondering that he was escorting me to the dance-floor . I was wrong and also confused.
Walking through the stairs towards the terrace which was situated at the first floor , he held me closer through my waist . My reflex pulled me away . "Sorry ", I apologized.
I felt embarrassed to make an eye-contact , I didn't remove the mask from my face . He didn't either. He yanked the door from his leg, his kick was forceful as the door fled open .
We walked separately , the terrace was quite airy . It wasn't occupied with a lot of things . There were 3 chairs and the 7 inch wall was decorated with lights . I couldn't control my blush . I only wanted to scream and shout and let it out . 
"I want to say you something ", I tried to hide the strain from my face . 
"Mmhmm ", he nodded with his pursed lips . It felt like he was more scared then I was . I saw reflections of two young men through the door . I was very sure that they were the bodyguards which were suppose to safeguard me .How can James come here ? I decided to lock the door of the terrace for a while so as to have a private moment .
After doing the same , I walked in his direction and broke the silence "Mr Reynolds ", I looked towards the floor. I didn't get any answer so i continued "I-I don-don't know how to say this . I've never fe-felt this short for words ", I stammered.
He gave a little squeeze to my shoulders with both of his hands . I took a deep breathe and gathered all my courage before uttering any word . There were 26 letters in English language but they all failed to help me phrase a sentence . 
"I am attracted to you ", I exhaled "Okay , attraction sounds more or less like physical attraction but no ", I pushed the strand of my hair back behind my ear. "I like you . I like you so much . I didn't really liked you when I first met you but now, you are always on my mind ", I shrugged.
"I never knew if someone could dominate my mind and heart this badly . I don't regret it , I can never . I lo-love ", he didn't let me complete my sentence as he pulled me closed through my waist roughly . 
His hands were dug in my back-hair and he slowly rested his lips on mine . What does this action of his depict ? Does he likes me too ? Is he into me ? Why didn't he say anything then ?
I kissed him back after curling my hands around his neck . He ruthlessly kissed me , he roughly bit my lower lip asking for entrance . I sealed my lips tightly because I didn't feel comfortable . I pulled away but he tugged me closer and kissed me sensuously again . 
Giving him a push through his chest, I inhaled the fresh air . I yanked away the mask and threw it in the air . I expected him to do the same , he didn't . "So, you do love me Baby girl ?", the voice was familiar . It wasn't as deep and sexy as of Mr Reynolds.
He slowly took his mask off and pulled me closer . How can someone disguise his personality, wear the same suite and also have the same beard and hairstyle? . My legs trembled in trepidation as I somewhat knew who it was.
"James ", my lips shivered as I took steps backward . He broke the distance by walking closer . 
"Always at your service baby girl ", he smirked . His eyes twinkled like he was enjoying this . 
"Please leave me alone ", I cried.
"Not so soon , the cops are looking for me . You spoiled my life , I would've been at a happy place if you weren't a hurdle . You've to pay for it ", he paused "pay with your life ", he removed a revolver from his pocket and directed it towards my forehead.
The dream I had last night was turning into a reality . I am glad that Mr Reynolds wasn't around . James could kill him , I didn't want him to save me . I was going to die and I knew it , the only thing I'll regret was not speaking out my feelings to the man I love .
###chapter 69
Aaron Reynolds's Pov

I sauntered around the party greeting all my business associates one by one. I usually hated to do such formalities but I had to .
I noted one thing through out this party . Miss Waters wasn't around , she usually kept showing herself up after every couple of minutes but today she wasn't visible . It felt odd . I didn't see her from the moment we distanced from each other . I threw the mask to the nearest bin after separating myself from her.
Is she in trouble ? Not again. I decided to inquire about her so I paved my way towards Cody . "Hey , did you see Miss Waters around ?", I questioned breaking his intimacy with his partner. I don't remember his name so its better I term him as his partner. 
"Someone's missing someone ", Cody chuckled. 
Seriously ? Can't he think about anything apart from this topic. "Yeah , have you seen her around ? ", I tried resorting back to the question I previously asked. 
"Not after you left "
"Thanks ", I smiled sarcastically as he proved out to be no help to me . I needed to find her , to safeguard her . She could be in trouble , James was trouble. What if something bad happened to her ? What if I am not on time before something devastating happens ? 
I stroke away the negative thoughts which were taking birth in my mind. I decided to have a word regarding it with Mr Caleb . He wasn't in the party so I gave him a call and informed him to meet me in the hotel's technical room so that we could have a surveillance through the cctv camera's footage . 
I took a seat while waiting for him . Yeah , I was given access to the confidential footage . I had 40% of the shareholdings of this hotel plus my name always did half the work . "Hey , took you too long ", I sighed on arrival of Mr Caleb .
He nodded greeting me and entered the code as the hotel used encryption . "hey look ", he pointed towards a figure who was talking with Miss Waters whilst she was eating. 
"Oh No. Fuck no . Fuck him ", I analyzed his outfit and realized that it matched mine . His outward appearance matched my look too . Someone disguised himself as me to take advantage over her. No, the question of someone doesn't arises . It was James , definitely James. 
"The pieces match , extend the tape to the place he's taking her ", I peeped in closer to have a magnified view. The footage was unclear as there was an enormous crowd in the party . 
"Move , move , move , he's at the terrace ", I clenched my fists and took long steps towards the terrace . I didn't care if Mr Caleb followed me or not , I had to save her . She had a virus named James involved in her life because of me , I had to clean the system before any mishap actually happened.
I took longer steps then usual but didn't run , there were a lot of people present in the party . I didn't really intend to create a Chaos . After reaching the hallway , I multiplied my speed of walking into running . I saw the bodyguards waiting outside the locked door . 
"What are you idiots paid for ?", I questioned breathing fast . 
"Sir , if you're here then who is he ?", one of them spoke , agitation could be felt in his voice.
"Break the door ", I ignored his question and signaled him to break the door . I held my breadth , I was scared . Not of James but for Miss Waters . She was trouble since the say she walked in , she affected me though . She has been affecting me since the day we met . I regret doing that in past , the guilt doesn't allows me to shake a friendly hand with her. 
No , we weren't friends . Maybe we were more or less . I created trouble for her every time to make her strong , I wanted to abolish her feelings towards me . Every time she looked at me with those enchanting eyes , I felt guilty and miserable . I avoided her and also roasted her all the time because it was the best for both of us . I knew she cared for me and to be honest I did too. 
I let her sleep in the cold as if I'd surrender my priorities for her , she'd mistook it as love . I didn't want her to love me . I don't deserve love . 
After knowing the real truth she'll hate me , the thought of her hating me made me want to hate myself . I've been hated by a lot of people in the past and also in present but I didn't want her to be an add on to that number .
As soon as the door fled open I saw James pointing a gun towards her , precisely he had it placed on her forehead. 
"Mr Reynolds , go away . Please ", she cried signaling me to move away . James looked at me smirking evilly .
"Calm down , James ", taking small steps towards him I tried to stop him .
I turned around to examine the footsteps and to my delight it was Mr Caleb with his team of 5 inspectors . I redirected my attention towards James and Miss Waters . She looked scared , who wouldn't be ?
"go away , Mr Reynolds . Please , I beg of you ", this girl is definitely lunatic . She has someone triggering a gun on her face and all she's doing is caring for me . No one has really cared for me this much after my mom left .
"let's focus on Mr Reynolds's death then ", James turned towards me . His face was plastered with a deadly smirk , he had his gun pointed towards my direction through out. I raised my eyebrows at him amused by his decision . I already had a small plan set up in my mind . Today was James's end , the only person who'll die today would be James .
"Don't you dare "', Amanda yanked the revolver from his hand and possessed it over hers . Who is this woman and what has she done to my innocent troublesome Amanda.
She directed the revolver towards James , her hands shivered while doing the same . I could see her character develop in a much stronger and better way . 
"No , baby girl . You're born to play with barbies as you're one . Not with guns ", James snapped an angry look at her. 
"I am the barbie you shouldn't fiddle with . Not with me , not with the people I lo----", she paused . Did she mean love ? I somehow knew that she liked me but was she secretly in love with me ?
"Doesn't matters ", her voice shivered and so did her hands .
###chapter 70
"keep sane , hit the button . End his story Miss Waters , you can do it ", I tried encouraging her . I was well aware of the fact that Amanda could never hit anyone or take away someone's life . I took small steps towards her to take charge over the revolver .
James had his hands in the air , denoting the fact that he surrendered . I finally reached Amanda and pulled the revolver from her hands to mine , she sighed .
With every forward step of ours , James took a step backward. "She doesn't knows, does she ?", James questioned smirking.
"Shut the fuck up ", I tried to stop James . Amanda's face was plastered with confusion . On reaching the dead end of the terrace James took a halt . I pulled the trigger to make a shot .
"Let us take his matter in our concern , don't do this Mr Reynolds . There will be a lot of court proceedings after you kill him . I am afraid it will directly or indirectly affect your name and power ", Mr Caleb looked concerned so I pointed the revolver in the air towards the sky . The gunshot's burst made Amanda catch my fore-arms tightly.
I rubbed her hands comforting her . Suddenly, I heard a noise of some chopper . I focused my direction in the air , the chopper threw a harness towards James's direction . He quickly caught hold of it and attached it to his belt.
Mr Caleb marched in his direction with his men , I did the same . I tried to stop him before he flew in the air towards the direction of the air-chopper . He kicked some of Mr Caleb's men when they tried to force him down . 
"Why the fuck does he have to escape every fucking time ", I threw daggers at Mr Caleb unsatisfied of the security service he and his men were providing .
I revolved my head to have a glimpse of Miss Waters , she looked shattered and broken . "Leave ", I ordered their useless bunch to move away from us . "See you tomorrow , We're leaving this instance ", I informed Mr Caleb , he nodded and left at once .
Yeah , I didn't really intend to leave the place prior to what I planned as it would create an impression in the minds of public that I was scared of James . But no , not anymore . I didn't want to stay here at the cost of her life . She wasn't really safe there too but at least she was safer then here . 
Whilst sobbing , she rested her knees on the ground . I wanted to wipe away her tears but I couldn't . I clenched my fist and avoided myself to create any intimacy . 
"Hey-hey-hey it's okay ", I solaced .
"No it's n-not ", she stammered ."It's not okay , don't you get it ", she wailed louder .
"Calm down ", I attempted to relax her.
"He ki-kissed me . He kissed me , he kissed me on my lips ", she started to wipe her lips from her wrists . Her lipstick smudged all over her upper lips and chin. She wept continuously.
How in this fucking world did James kiss her , why couldn't I digest this fact easily? . I pulled her closer to me and engulfed her into a hug . She reciprocated the movement by curling her hands around my back . I rubbed her back as her head was dug into my chest. 
"Shush , cry no more . I am here "
"What if he killed you ? I had a dream about it last night "
"So you dream about me, Miss Waters? ", I smirked striving to easy up the mood . 
She pulled away at once and straightened her dress after standing up . "Pack your stuff ", I ordered .
"Right now ?", she interrogated .
"This very moment , let me escort you till the room ", I matched her height and walked accompanying her till our room . After packing our stuffs , we bid final good byes to everyone around we were acquainted with . Cody and his guy hugged her tightly , I watched them through distance . 
I carried my bag along with hers and pushed it in the trunk and closed it . I adjusted the seat belt around my body , she did on hers too as she took the passenger seat next to me without creating any chaos of her desire to sit on the back seat . 
When my eyes met hers , she gave a sweet beaming smile . I nodded at her , I attempted to smile back but I couldn't . I inserted the keys and started the car . The road was dark and foggy as it was midnight . I kept driving continuously knowing the fact that it was a long journey . Maybe now was the time when I should speak up the truth .
###chapter 71
Amanda's POV

I made sure to avoid any eye contact with him whilst he drove the car . Moments before someone among us may have died , he was savage , once again . When he was busy driving , I cornered my eyes to gawk at him secretly , he looked ethereal .
His small lock of hair settled on his forehead , a blush escaped my lips , I looked the other way round at the window . To my amazement , a rhythm hit my ears . I analyzed the tone and realized that Mr Reynolds turned on the radio . One of my favorite songs was playing on the radio . 
"Oh my Hunter Hayes ", I stretched my lips humming to the tune . It was 'wanted' , it had been my favorite song ever since I have heard it. 
"I wanna call you mine , wanna hold your hand forever ", I sang matching voices with Hayes , Mr Reynolds turned his head in my direction and chuckled . If I couldn't say the words loud , I made sure to sing them to the guy who was dumb enough to understand.
"I have a feeling that my tire's gonna puncture ", he smirked focusing his attention on the road. 
"Excuse me ", I pouted and then laughed . He didn't reciprocate the laughter but smiled instead . The view was fifty shades of sexy . Now , I didn't even try to pour my heart out because maybe destiny didn't want me to . I gave it a shot earlier but it was nothing but trouble.
I pushed my body in his direction "So, do you sing ?"
"never ", his answer was a bit too obvious.
"Oh come on Mr Reynolds , start getting out of your stereotypical black life . There's colors everywhere around , you just have to see them , observe them and feel them . ", okay , I did sound like some sort of counselor .
"What do you see around , out of these windows or through the front-glass ?", he interrogated .
"Darkness ", I answered "Well, you can't trick me . It has to be black and dark , considering the fact that it's night "
"Exactly , there's always darkness after light . "
"Take it the other way around , there's always light after darkness . Try optimism rather then pessimism ", I objected .
He looked at me for a while then answered "Darkness dominates the light all the time , that's why we have eclipses right ?"
"Don't at least speak geography to me ", I chortled at his answer . He kept his hands on the steering and ignored my question . "Hey , I never really got an opportunity to tell this to you "
He arched his brows "Tell what ?", he questioned.
"thank you , thank you for always saving me and safeguarding me . I would've been dead by now if you weren't around . I know I am an idiot , I also am well aware of my clumsy nature . I can't thank you enough for having my back . ", I gave him a smile when we had an eye contact. 
He pulled over the car and halted next to some vacant bridge , his attention was on me . " I-I ",he stammered while he talk "You don't have to thank me , I owe you ", he paused "even if it causes my life,I'll save you".
I tucked away the lock of my hair behind my ear "When were you this dramatic last time? ", I half smiled as I spoke the words . I didn't feel scared or shy to speak to him anymore . The atmosphere was now light . He exited the car , I followed him on his way out. 
I rubbed my shoulders when the cold breezes touch my naked skin. We were on a small bridge , our car parked in one corner of it . I kept my hand on the wall's ceiling ,trying to look down . Moon's light contacted the river making the reflection alluring . 
"So beautiful , have you been here before ?", his arms touched mine as he gazed at the river along with me . There were no streetlights around , we could see each other through the luminosity of the moon .I was having the moment of my life, I didn't really want it to end ever. 
He didn't part away , he curled his hand around my shoulder pulling me close "I do , I have been here ", he looked up in the sky , not once towards me .
"Thank you for showing me this place then ", I inhaled the fresh cool air . His hands were warm , warm enough to send tickles through my spine. I interlocked my eyes with his whilst having a contact , none of us broke the connection . We just gazed in silence at each other. 
His proximity towards me did wonders . Slowly and steadily , he started coming close to me . I didn't pull away but went with the flow. Our foreheads touched , so did our nose . I could feel him breathing . I bit my lower lip hysterically .
Yet staring in his dark blue eyes ,I found peace . Just one moment with him could make me forget about James , about the trouble he intend to cause me . I didn't need to worry because I had my knight in shining armor. 
I gasped when he smoothly pushed away my hair from my forehead and made space for his lips to touch it .He placed a small peck on my forehead and kissed it again after a minute. I tried to control my blush but I couldn't , I just couldn't . 
"I want to talk to you ", he finally broke the silence but didn't distant himself , I really didn't want him to. He locked himself in that position and curled his hands around my waist. His nose touched mine, our breaths collided. 
Was he feeling the same thing , does he loves me too ? If he's not confessing his love then what's it about ? Stop being such a mystery Mr Reynolds , let me unfold you -step by step.
"Maybe you've to be a pretty calm listener ", he took a deep breadth, I nodded to his sentence. "So , probably I've to ask you something and confess you the other thing . What first ?", he arched his brows towards me.
I sensed the seriousness in his tone and answered "Maybe , you should speak up in the chronological order you just said. Don't worry , I won't judge ", I winked solacing him.
"I, uh-- I ", he stammered "I guess you will ", he sighed . "Can you move in with me , please ?', he questioned dissolving confusion in the atmosphere around. I raised my eye brows in confusion , "Look , Miss Waters . I just want to ensure myself that your safe and sound. I guess that won't be possible at your root house. You're safe in there , with me in my mansion , I hope for a yes "
"Why----? , I um. All of a sudden ? I'll try being safe. I can't just stay with you ", I offended distancing myself. 
"Staying together doesn't mean that we've to share the same room, not that I object to that. You'll have your own liberty there , separate room , precisely. We can think about a plan to destroy James in the mean time. You just have to stay there for a while."
"How long does a while last ?, I stretched out the word while in my sentence.
"I don't know. Shouldn't be long , won't be long ", he shrugged .
"Okay ", I awoke the Hazel Grace within me.
"Okay ", he repeated , a smile took birth on his lips.
###chapter 72
"So , the other confession is ?", I looked in his eyes with curiosity. Thoughts kept traveling around my mind about what the confession would be about. Was he going to complete the sentence I left incomplete? Was it even more intense ? What in the world can an introvert confess, I sighed looking at the moon as he was silent.
"I apologize already Miss Waters ", he sounded strange, the Reynolds I knew would never say those words and to be honest it didn't really suit him too "I-uh , I want to say that ", he stammered again sounding nervous.
"I did something in the past , after knowing it , you may hate me. You should really know what I did to you and your family. "
Okay, he sounded serious. Dead serious. Hate is a huge word, maybe I could just dislike him for a while. A part of me was scared to hear it and the other part just wanted him to say it anyway. I looked at him , straight in his eyes, he didn't look at me back though . "It's okay , just say it ", I placed my palms on the either side of his shoulders comforting him and titled his chin up to face me as his attention was towards the ground.
"James isn't the only culprit Miss Waters . I was involved back then . I was fucking involved with him ", he stood still with a poker face.
It felt like my whole world collapsed that very moment. It felt like everything was a lie , he was a lie. I yanked my hands away from his body that very moment . "The fuck, what ?"
"I hated you , your family too . I wanted revenge , is that too bad ? I trained James to go behind your sister . Getting her falling in love with him was a part of the plan , getting her pregnant was just a consequence"
"You're lying. You're fucking lying. I know that you lack good sense of humor but trust me this is no joke. ", I took a step backward and tried making up my mind.
With every backward step of mine , he'd take a step forward. "You need to listen to me, I did tell him to make out with your sister and I also tried to set him up with you so that the girls of the Water's family would know , would know how it feels. ", he paused as a tear rolled through my eyes, I gasped when he tried to wipe it away.
I didn't utter a word , he talked while I just listened silently . "That night at Pallapora town when I saw you making out with him , something just didn't feel right. The next day , I called him in my cabin and warned him to abort our plan that very moment. I just wanted your father to learn through her daughters."
"Well then , you should know that we don't stay with our father and we're not even acquainted with him . Maybe your plan was a huge foul just like you. ", I wiped away the tears which took birth in my eyes , which blurred my vision.
"Look , I am sorry "
"Don't be , why didn't you let him rape me. The next time I encounter him , I'll go and say fuck me all by myself. I'll complete your filthy plan , I will make sure I do. Thank you Mr Reynolds."
"I can explain Miss Waters "
"Just tell me one thing , was everything planned ? Even the kidnapping ?"
"No , for fuck's sake . When I told him to stop, I meant it but then you found out another story . Rest all is history , trust me "
"Trust you ? You shouldn't even use that word at first place , well, fuck you ", I punched him in his chest when he attempted to get closer. 
"You have all the right to stay angry on me . I won't object to that . I never meant you harm Miss Waters , I was just hurt and wanted revenge very badly . I am bad but not very bad. I'll tell you why , only when you're sane though. Please , talk to me . Let it out , please"
I didn't react to his words and turned around letting him face my back. I could feel him tracing me , I totally ignored it. I tried running , I couldn't . My legs shivered and so did my faith in him. I loved this man so much , so much that I was even ready to give away my life for him. I halted for a while , rested my knees on the ground and wept . 
I wailed looking at the sky, how could I be this stupid to love an emotionless man .
If only he was an illusion !
###chapter 73
Amanda's POV
I closed my eyes trying to avoid the humanly figure which stood in front of me. I refused to tilt my chin up and have an encounter with the person. I dried my face with my palms and took a deep breath to prevent myself from crying anymore.
"Please , don't do this to yourself", he leveled himself by sitting on his knees along with me. I declined to make an eye contact with him , I didn't have the power to , anymore. I took deep breaths to keep my nerves in control .
I turned away , diverting my body and attention. Why couldn't he just leave me alone like this . I needed to stay alone and cry my heart out. I didn't want his attention anymore . I stayed numb for the meanwhile and looked at the sky . My throat was parched , I needed water . 
"I said , I wasn't involved with him after realizing you weren't substandard like your father. I tried stopping James . I couldn't , I apologize, Miss Waters ."
"Oh, You're apologizing now . Wow . Just wow"
"I'll do whatever it takes", his reply was dim .
"Yeah , you helped someone rape my sister ,take her innocence . In the age where she should've abort lectures , she's aborting her child. Because of you. "
"For fuck's sake , it wasn't rape . Samarrah agreed to it , it all happened with her consent . I know she was hurt , any girl would be who's madly in love with someone , who carries a child of some person and then that individual just leaves her. I realized my mistake sooner or later. On knowing the fact that why I did it , you'll consider me less of a culprit."
"I warned James but he had some other thing planned which you're well aware of. ", he paused "Now , the least I expect is a silent treatment from you, speak up ."
"What exactly do you want to listen . Want me to say those consoling words to you , well then , your bad. LEAVE ME ALONE ", I pulled myself up and started walking towards the opposite direction of the car. After all this nuisance I couldn't go in the same car with him . I didn't care if James traced me down , he was the same type of monster like him anyways.
Taking longer steps then usual I tried running away from the situation, from him . I was ceased to walk any further by my wrists , his hands were curled around my arms and he endeavoured me to face him . 
"Don't even attempt". I tried yanking away his hands from my upper arms, I failed because my strength didn't match his but that didn't stop me from pulling away so I recontinued my effort. 
He pulled me closer to him , rubbed away the tear which rested on my cheeks with the help of his thumb. When I looked in his eyes, I got lost . They didn't seem truthful to me anymore. I was devastated by his lie , every nerve in my body was electrified by hate because of his gypped act in the past. 
"What now ?", he interrogated tucking away my hair lock.
"Get off me , asshole ", I attempted to get away from him again.
"You're out of your mind , it's okay ", he assured me in a calming tone.
"Out of my mind . Fuck yourself . You're a complete dick and a prick . I hate you , I hate you so much . Never knew how the antonym of some adjective could switch places with the former one this easily", I yelled in annoyance.
"The antonym of hate ? Miss Waters ?", he tightened his lips to avoid himself from smiling . I could see it clearly.
"I hate you , that's what matters. "
"You don't ." he paused for a while "No , you don't"
"I do. I hate yo--- ", he didn't allow me to speak as he rested his lips on mine after cupping my cheeks in his hands. He pulled me closer and shredded his fingers in my hair . I couldn't move , he was the obstruction I couldn't move because of. He compressed his lips on mine slowly , he sucked my bottom lips and asked for entrance . 
The touch of his lips on mine was soft , he prevented himself from doing it roughly . He took the slow move . My eyes widened in shock as my hands hung straight loosely . Neither did I catch him nor pulled away . It felt like every nerve in my body ceased to function , like my reflexes were still . 
I pursed my lips tightly , made sure to not kiss him back. I had no idea what else to do this moment . My heart was having a battle with my brain which directly varied with the water which escaped my eyes. I could feel him breathing when he started to kiss me intensely . 
I , with the help of my teeth crunched his lip , he gasped and I pulled away . "Why did you just do that ?", an 'o' took birth on my lips.
"Do what? Kiss you ? I aspire to do that a lot often and I'm not sorry for that" , he paused "I didn't have any choice Miss Waters . It was the only way to stop you , now please don't get mad at me again. 
"Don't you ever do that . In fact , don't you ever show me your face again ", I turned around and started walking avoiding him . After a while , I couldn't walk , my speed was terminated by Mr Reynolds as he firmly held my wrists in his hands and pulled me closer. I pouted whilst thumping on the ground.
"I am not going to accompany you for the further journey, you can proceed without me ", I concluded my decision and didn't really wait for him to approve it.
He faced me , his hands tightly gripped around my wrists. "Are you kidding me ? Get in the car , Miss Waters ", I turned my head from left to right simply meaning a no "Get inside the car , Miss Waters , don't force me to do things", he repeated his decision .
"Sorry ", I tried yanking away his hands to free myself.
Suddenly, he lifted me up in his arms . My stomach rested on his shoulder , I laid in an upside-down position . How can he pick me up , I wished I was good at karate back then . I punched him continuously on his back as an attempt to acquire riddance. I knew if I tried acting smart by shaking the balance , my body would rest on the ground resulting into brokerage of one or more bones plus his hands were tightly curled around my ass fixing a grip on my body because of which I couldn't locomote.
"Free me this very moment , this is kidnapping . I'll sue you once you place me down ", I yelled out of my lungs but to my discontent no one could hear our voices except the both of us "Mr Reynolds, I'm warning you ". 
"yeah , kidnapping . For your welfare and benefit ", I couldn't see him , just hear his voice.
"Don't force me to call the cops ", I tried warning him again.
"Oh really ? Remember the last time you tried ? Did it work ? Well, go ahead and do that but after reaching my mansion ", he opened the car's door and placed me inside softly . He curled the seat belt around me and locked the car with the help of a remote. 
He leaned towards the back seat , there was a small locker beneath the seats . I cornered my eyes and examined his movement. After removing a handcuff , he surrounded it around my wrists and locked it by twisting the small lock . My hands collided with each other because of the pressure of the handcuff.
"You can't fucking torture me like this ", I inhaled sharply in annoyance.
###chapter 74
"You're forcing me to . I don't want to really do this but I can't help it . I know if I don't do this , you'll run away . I'm just doing this for your benefit , for your safety . You're well aware of the fact that James is dangerous . and-- ", he paused .
"And?", I arched my brows at him in confusion.
"And , I don't want to lose you ", he laced his fingers with mine . I gazed at our intertwined hands thinking how everything could be perfect if he didn't engage himself in those shitty activities. I knocked myself out of my thoughts and tried loosening up my fingers .
He pulled away that very instant and rested his hands on the steering wheel again .
Failing miserably at an attempt to open the door knob got me exhausted. He swayed the remote in the air showcasing it to me and then simply slipped it inside his pocket . A smirk took birth on his lips . I couldn't resist on my desire to punch him so I leaned closer towards him and with great force rested my fist on his shoulder.
"Try harder", he inserted the key in the hole and turned it around . I could hear the engine , slowly , he accelerated the speed to the fullest . I turned away facing the window , it was dark as it was midnight . Focusing my attention on the moon , I tried diverting my mind .
A part of me cried , the other part was solacing me to act stronger . I deeply inhaled the cold air from the A/c . I looked at my naked hands , they were turning a shade of red due to the cold temperature and also because of overthinking. I shut away the conditioner ahead of me and fixed my attention towards the window again.
The radio played all types of slow romantic songs . I turned channels in the sense to get a rhythm of the rock music and then finally turned it off because the playlist was overrated . Love was overrated . I now knew why Francis never got into it , why he always did casual relationships.
Mr Reynolds tried initiating a conversation a lot many times. I ignored every question of his and didn't even face him directly .
"Look , I know what I did was wrong but stop over reacting ", he pulled over the brake and unbolted the seat belt around his body whilst looking at me.
"Over reacting ?", I repeated .
"I can say 'sorry' once again if that heals . Amanda , please. At least , talk to me ", he acted like he was affected by my ignorance . 
I faced him , looked into his dark blue eyes and continued "It's Miss Waters for you ", I didn't intend to cry but I couldn't stop . I couldn't digest the fact that he betrayed me for this long. 
"Fine , Miss Waters . We'll talk about this the next morning ", he pushed his hair back forming a spike out of it . No, I didn't fantasize his little actions anymore . They say that whenever a person does any bad to you , they degrade their values from your heart . This was happening with me right now .
"Just keep driving ", I rested my head on the seat and closed my eyes as an attempt to sleep . Throwing out the garbage of my thoughts I kept my eyes shut . Hearing another brake , I woke up instinctively.
He unwrapped the seat belt from his body and leaned closer to me , our nose touched when he attempted to remove the belt . He on purpose slowly leaned more , his jaw touched my chin . I pouted hesitantly but couldn't push him away because my hands were locked.
"We're home ", he exited the car from his side and opened the door for me. Don't be a gentleman please.
"No, you're home. I am not ", I angrily replied.
"Its we for a while now. ", he helped me exit the car . I tilted my chin up to have a look at the grand mansion . Though it was night but his mansion was light enough to illuminate the atmosphere . It looked immensely huge from the outside . 
"At least , take em off ", I raised my hands in the air.
"Not before you get in ", he crooked his hands around my waist and helped me walk inside the house. The watchman greeted him to which he just nodded.

***

Amanda's POV
We walked through the long driveway with long palm trees alongside ,a huge fountain was situated at a distance from the huge main door made of beautifully carved wood. A long pool near the walkway headed the entrance . His hands were curled around my waists which sent shivers through my spine.
Two of his workers opened the huge door after spotting him , I could see them watching me through cornered eyes as our proximity towards each other could make anyone wonder about our relation . It was more of a palace then a mansion . 
I twirled my eye balls around to have a look at his place . Beautiful would be an understatement , it was exquisite . I tried having control over my heartbeats as his touch did irresistible impulse of me to go lunatic.
Many white pillars surrounded the entrances , each situated at a huge distance from the other. The flooring was of marble , its white color was clean enough for me to have a reflection of myself . He guided me towards the huge spiral staircase , the walls had carved statues of every beautiful place of this world , namely the seven wonders .
He laced my fingers with his whilst directing me to follow his lead . I tried pulling my hands away but couldn't as my movements were obstructed by the handcuffs . 
Everything was so perfect and alluring that I couldn't take my eyes off from this place . I got lost every time I observed every thing in detail . Who was he ? A king . His place was even prettier then any museum I ever visited . 
"Miss Waters ?", he alarmed me bringing back to reality whilst shaking me from my shoulder gently. 
"Yeah ?", I questioned back after being alarmed by his instant reaction.
"Let me unlock your hands ", pulling my hands closer to his body he attached the key and unlocked my hands and freed me . 
"Thank you Mr Aaron Reynolds ", I stretched every letter of his name word by word, I pushed him towards the floor after reaching the last stair . Yeah , I didn't like him much at the moment but I obviously couldn't do anything which could cause him any type of harm .
"Not again , Miss Waters ", he stiffened himself after standing up . I descended the stairs with full speed and ran towards the main door . "Stop right there , don't act smart ", he rushed towards me in an electrifying speed. I gasped when two muscular men closed the door instinctively after spotting me .
I thumped my feet and took steps backwards in trepidation when they forwardly marched towards me .My back suddenly collided to some body , I turned my head around to have a look at that person .
Our heights didn't match , my forehead touched his chin .My whole world came to a standstill when my eyes interlocked with his .I gasped and took a slow step back realizing that I couldn't run away from his place .His expressions clearly showed that he was secretly laughing on me . 
"You can't just trap me here ", I pointed on his chest and complained.
"Precautions are better then cure , look at these people around ", he turned me in all directions by taking support of my shoulders , "Every one is going to keep their eyes on you and also mark every action what you do ", he smirked picking me up again, bridal style .
His right hand rested on my ass and his left hand were crooked around my neck . He looked straight whilst he walked , my attention rested on his perfect sculpted face. He didn't stroll towards the stairs but towards the elevator. Oh , this place had an elevator too.
This place was more or less like a mall , the deeper you go the more you explore. "Maybe you should consult a nutritionist ", he smirked giving birth to a hole on his left cheek . Dimples were my weakness.
"Did you just call me fat ?", I pouted in annoyance "Place me down , I can walk Aaron ", I outstretched his name. 
"Oh 'Aaron' , I didn't see that coming . This surprised me more then your any clumsy acts ever did "
###chapter 75
"Oh , didn't mean to surprise you Mr Aaron . I decided to call you with your first name considering the fact that this is not your office premises which basically means that you're not my boss here " I paused ", plus, I called you Mr Reynolds out of respect but because I don't respect you anymore , maybe I should stop calling you that way ", I stated the truth . 
He pinched 'level 2' and rested his back on one corner of the elevator after placing me down . His eyes traveled through my body , from head to toe. After reaching the desired level , he guided us out . I tried preventing myself from making undesirable facial expressions. 
"That way ", he pointed towards the corner-most room of the floor. The walls threw a shade of mint along with off white . I could only see 3 rooms on this floor , I had an intuition that he would allot me a room closest to his. 
My eyes widened in surprise on reaching the room he allocated me . The windows were huge , surrounded with velvet curtains . In the middle, was a king-sized fluffy bed concealed with white sheets and soft pillows . The luxury he was providing me could win anyone's heart but why didn't it cause any change in my views regarding him. 
I tried my best to unhate him, if only that's a word in dictionary but every time I diverted my mind by favoring him , his words echoed in my eyes . The past can never be changed or erased but only be accepted but why couldn't I accept him ?
"Look , please . Take me home , I miss my family so much . Mom will be so worried for me ", I explained him in a calmer tone.
He didn't react to my sentence but instead removed his phone and made a call . After making sure that the phone connected , he kept it on speaker mode . "Hey Mr Reynolds , how are you ?"
Oh , what was wrong with my mom . Her tone was so sweet and pleasant whilst talking with this man . To my amazement , she didn't ask about my well-being but his . You're my mom , don't talk with this stubborn introverted human.
"I'm fine Mrs Waters , Amanda wants to have a word with you ", he shrugged passing the phone in my direction .
"Hey mom , I miss you so much ", it felt light after talking with someone I trusted . It felt , that for a while all my pains were taken away .
"When I got this call , I was scared . On hearing the bell this hour of the night forced my mind to think negative stuff but I knew that my daughter was safe there , with Mr Reynolds . We had a talk earlier regarding your safety and it's best that you stay with him . He cares for you so much , could be seen through the way he talked with me regarding you ", Mom sighed through the other side .
Fixing my attention towards the phone , I ignored Mr Reynolds completely . "Maybe , I'll talk to you tomorrow . Sleep well, sweet dreams. Love you , Mom ", I canceled the phone bidding mom good bye. 
"Did the villain turn into a hero now?", he arched his brows .
"No ", I pouted.
"But your mom's on my side "
"She's my mom ,not yours. You say mom like she's yours ", I made an air quotation with my fingers , " I'm sleepy ", I faked a yawn closing my eyes . I acted as an attempt to push him away from the room , from my thoughts. 
"I'm just a door away , in case you require anything ", he looked at me one last time and exited the door carefully turning the door knob . 
"Hey -hey Mr Reynolds ", he turned around ,"I mean Aaron ,only Aaron ", I pinched myself secretly on my stupid behavior ,"you left your phone with me ", he marched in again , took possession of his phone at once. Our hands collided , I abruptly pulled my hands away from him and sat on the bed with crossed legs. I eyed his stiff back till he exited the door.
I settled my back on the fluffy bed, covered myself with the sheets and closed my eyes. A tear rolled through my eyes and got absorbed in the pillow. I never felt this helpless before . Every time I looked at Mr Reynolds , I felt helpless. A tsunami of mixed emotions drifted across my heart and mind . 
"good morning beautiful ", a red haired lady woke me up . I rubbed my eyes to have a clearer view of the lady after realizing that it was morning already. She was well dressed , she placed the trolley filled with food closer to my bed. "You-uh . Oh My God , you're here ", I opened my mouth in response to her unexpected entry .
"Red -aunt , if I ain't mistaken . Never got an opportunity to inquire about your name in the past ", I outstretched my arms to give up on my sleep.
"I'm Rosaline , I'm comfortable with Red Aunt though ! ", she stretched her lips pleasantly .
She placed the tray of food on the bed carefully ,"I thought he expelled you ", I furrowed my brows in confusion.
"Even I thought the same but sometimes things don't happen how we expect them to be . There's a major difference between what we see and what exactly the truth is . He did expel me that day but then admitted me as this house's caretaker . He provides me shelter to live and also backs me up monetarily.Back then , I had an ideology that he didn't care about the person who took care of her in the past "
"Mmhmm ?", I nodded waiting for her to complete the rest of her story.
"In fact he cared too much about me , he knew that I wouldn't be able to rest or relax in the office so he admitted me here . I am very happy with my working conditions , I just have to assist the fellow workers here without really burdening myself" 
"Oh ", I exclaimed as I didn't expect such greatness from him , to be honest.
"He's not a bad man Amanda , he just masks himself as a bad man in front of every one " , she mixed sugar in the cup of tea and passed the cup to me . 
I took small sips after taking the cup in my hands , "How do you know my name ?", I questioned raising my brows .
"Because he specifically mentioned your name and commanded me to take special care of you ", a small smile took birth on my lips .I tightened them as I didn't want Rosaline to know about my feelings for him , whatever they were . 
Hate and love were constantly having a battle , hate was overcoming all the love I had for him. I turned my phone on and sent a message on the group chat so as to enlighten my mood. No one was online by now , so I switched it off and placed it on the table again. 
Rosaline examined every move of mine carefully "I don't really feel like eating anything , I'm okay with tea, thanks ", she kissed my cheek softly and exited the room . She left the food on the trolley guiding me to eat it whenever I felt hungry. I watched her leave my room .
Maybe he wasn't really a bad man . Today , I discovered something really unexpected about him . If I didn't have an encounter with Mrs Rosaline then I would've mistook his image wrong, for lifetime probably . Who was he and why wasn't I able to unleash the true Aaron Reynolds.
###chapter 76
Amanda's POV 
I didn't eat breakfast and I also skipped lunch but I didn't feel hungry too . I wonder where Mr Reynolds was because he didn't show up since the morning . He was so busy all the time or maybe he just kept himself consumed with work so as to get away with everyday issues.
"Oh MY Lord ", I shouted in excitement on spotting Francis , Gina and Sonia . Well , the happiness was inexplicable as I experienced it after so long. I bounced on my bed as I replaced my sitting position into standing . I threw myself in Gina's arms and everyone leaned in for a group hug .
"So how is my girl ?", Francis winked.
"How do I look ?", I arched my brows whilst re-questioning . I tried plastering a fake smile over my face , I didn't want them to know how dreadful I truly was.
Sonia examined me for a while ,"Your face looks like a wreck , to be honest . Don't mind ", she pinched her lips so as to avoid herself from grinning. 
"Long story ", I folded my hands around my stomach ,"You guys tell me , what's up . How's my babies ? How's the yellow teeth guy Gina ?"
One thing I noted was Gina wasn't in a jolly mood like how she usually was . Her eyes were a bit swollen surrounded by dark circles . Maybe I should ask her directly about her problem , I could maybe solace her . "Gina , what's wrong ? ", I glided closer to her and crooked my hands around her neck.
"Samuel and I are no longer together . ", I covered my mouth with my right hand which hung open .
"And ?", I tried digging. .
She pulled me closer and engulfed me into a hug . Francis and Sonia sat silently on the edge of the bed . "It'll be okay , please don't cry . Tell me everything in bits and pieces ", I pulled away and wiped away her tears . Small droplets of water took birth in my eyes blurring my vision . I just couldn't see her that way . 
Francis collided his palms with the back of Gina's hands and rubbed it to stop her from crying anymore . "What did that dick-face do ?", I calmed myself and breathed in . 
"He didn't allow me to talk with guys , Francis included . I tried objecting a lot bu-but ", she stammered so I passed over the water bottle to her , she took a small sip and continued "But once I warned him to stop his over possessive nature or else I'll dump him "
"And ?", I interrogated .
"He got so offended by the word 'dump' that he straight-forwardly slapped me in public , in the campus , in front of everyone . ", I passed her a tissue which was placed on the table beside my bed .
I raised my eyebrows whilst looking at Sonia and Francis directing them to do something to cheer her up . "So , Sonia , do you remember the golden rule ?", I questioned increasing my pitch on purpose . 
"Whaaaaaaaaat ?", Sonia exaggerated the word.
"Don't use one guy to forget another , use two or three because love always hurts ", I winked at Gina when she faced me . A small smile took birth on her lips . Francis walked through his knees and came closer to us .
"I can be the guy you can overcome him with ", he went closer to Gina and murmured "I am good on bed , remember ?", I slapped him playfully on his arm and Gina did the same .
Sonia watched us from afar and pouted ," Am I third-wheeling ?".
"Of course not ", I crossed my legs and for once forgot everything which was going on in my life. 
"What about you France and Sonia ?", okay I was digging a lot but I wanted to know everything I missed in my bestfriend's lives . "Don't dare hide ", I warned both of them .
"Day 1 I slept with Rosy , Day 2 she dumped me . The third day she came back again asking for forgiveness but I avoided her texts and calls and warned her to stay away or else I'll open our case in front of her boyfriend , so she left ", I watched him in amusement.
"You slept with a girl who already had a boyfriend . Oh my God . You're such a pervert , Ew ", he grinned while looking at me. I turned my attention towards Sonia wanting her to continue her part . She blushed , it could be seen as her face was glowing.
"He uh . Umm , Dan and I are very close . He introduced me to his family , we got along with each other really well during his mother's birthday "
"Someone's got promoted so fast ", I smiled genuinely.
"Yeah , it's kind of official between us . Thank you Amanda for match-making , if you wouldn't have forced us for that dance , we would've never got along . Can't thank you enough . I never really believed in love before I met Dan . He truly made me believe in it . No it isn't easy , we pay a price for it but we don't mind paying it . It changes our perception to look at the world , everything seems so wonderful and colorful after experiencing it ", her cheeks were reddened automatically .
"Another impure lady in town ", Francis interrupted her awe moment. 
I diverted my attention towards Gina and paved my way towards her ,"So what's happening in college ?"
She unlocked her phone and swiped some images , showcased one to me whilst forwarding it in my direction "A project ?", I pouted making an air quotation . 
" I'm in exile , long story ", I shrugged "Don't know if I'd be able to come ".
"I miss you , I miss us ", Gina hugged and then every one joined in . I didn't tell them about the things I was going through , about how I loved someone so tenderly and that someone cheated me .
The three of them took small steps towards the exit , "Oh wait ", I ceased them from walking anymore . They all turned around in synchronization , looked at my direction holding back to hear . 
"Who called you guys here ?"
Sonia was the one to speak up first ,"Your Mr Reynolds dropped a message on Francis's email , he wanted us to entertain you . He told us that why you have to stay with him . Francis forwarded us the recording in which he was having a talk with Mr Aaron so we decided to inquire about your well-being"
"And ?", I questioned intrigued.
###chapter 77
"And , he sounded concerned . Like he has a thing for you . Why would he do so much for you ? You are just his secretary , think about it ", Gina stated half-smiling . "Oh ", I replied turning my head away , a tear rolled through my cheeks . I just expected that they were out of my room by now and to my contentment they were .
I cuddled the fluffy pillow around me . "You don't look much okay ", I titled my chin and met eyes with Francis . Why didn't he go like the rest.
"So?", he seated himself .
"So ?", I re-questioned .
"You're not okay . Tell me what's going on . Right now ",he commanded resting his hands on my shoulders . I half-smiled looking at his face , he knew that I wasn't truly sane . What on earth did I do to deserve such an amazing friend. 
I breathed in before dictating the whole story ,"I fell in love and I fell out of it at the same time .. I loved him so much , it consumed me . Fraudulently , he allowed James to have a night-stand with Samarrah . You know the consequences , right ?", I rested my head on his chest.
"Hey , shush . You'll be okay . I'm here now ", he twirled his hands around my waist patting my shoulders comfortingly . My tears soaked in his t-shirt , I pulled away feeling his breaths . Francis was always a brotherly figure to me no matter how much people considered our relationship wrong.
I kept silent , avoiding the tears to flow from my eyes . "It's very clear that he didn't mean to hurt you intentionally . He has a rough history , you just need to find out about it so that it may help you overcome this fact and concentrate on future . He's a nice man , I know because I had talk with him several times "
"He paused for a while and then continued ,"You didn't love the wrong man. Time heals , remember ", he pulled me closer in his direction . I crooked my hands around his neck . It felt so lively to speak about what was going in my life with someone. I wanted to share the same with Gina but she was already going through a lot.
"Ahem ", we heard someone coughing , I distanced myself from Francis that very moment . Mr Reynolds stood there , his expressions denoting bewilderment. I gasped realizing what was actually going across his mind.
He arched his brows towards Francis , took small steps towards us and interrupted the silence ,"I guess, you should be leaving Mr Rutherfold ", he twisted his watch around his wrists .
"Trust me , I was about to . Nice to meet you Mr Aaron ", Francis smiled gesturing his hands towards him for a handshake .
Mr Reynolds's hands were in the either side of his pockets , he sarcastically smiled looking at Francis ,"I don't reciprocate the same feelings , though ", I collided my hands with Francis and shook it warmly so that it doesn't hurts his self-respect . He smiled looking towards me in my eyes one last time before leaving.
"Didn't know that you have a boyfriend ?", he shrugged looking straight in my eyes.
I pouted at his unanticipated statement ,"Really ? You know I shouldn't be giving any clarifications to you but I will anyways , he's my bestfriend "
"Bestfriend?", he repeated .
"Yeah but I so wish I could love him . He is selfless when it comes to serving his friends , he understands the fragility of one's emotions . I wish I could love him the way I ", I paused "The way I hate you ", I continued faking a smile . "Why are you here though ?"
"To check on you ", he answered.
"Well , now you certainly did so you should leave me alone ", his eyes traveled on the food -tray.
"You didn't eat anything , did you ?"
"I didn't . Is that a problem ?"
"I'll be waiting for you in the dining room . Dress up , freshen up and join me within half an hour. I won't encourage your tardy behavior", he looked at the time .
I watched him carefully folding my arms ,"I don't want to eat , with you or anyone . I can order my food online , if I am hungry . Bye ", he marched towards me with a poker face . 
"I said , I'll wait for you", he fake smiled as he rested his ass on my bed close to me . I pushed myself away . I gasped realizing his proximity towards me , my heart thumped and so did my ability to think . 
What was he upto ? If I agreed to his condition , he'll consider me his puppet i.e weak and fragile . I didn't want to project that image of myself in his eyes anymore. I wanted to take a stand on my decision and stay glued to it . Was that too bad?
He propelled his body closer to mine , he smirked creating a dimple on his right cheek . For a moment , my reflex stopped working after having an encounter with such an alluring face . "If you don't agree to eat with me ", his nose rested on mine , I could feel him breathe .
"If I do-don't ?", I stammered widening my eyes on his unexpected behavior.
"Then, I'll make sure you bath with me ", my heart raced in a multiplied speed . I tried to draw myself back but his hands rested on the back of my hair . I had no choice , did I ? But I couldn't just let him win anyway.
###chapter 78
Amanda's Pov
"Then , I'll make sure you bath with me ", my mouth formed an 'o' due to consternation , I exhaled pretending that his last sentence was a joke . 
"You got to be kidding me ", I fake laughed 'ha ha ha', but to my surprise he didn't smile or laugh. His expressions denoted the seriousness of his previous statement . I knew that he wasn't kidding but I couldn't just agree to be his puppet. 
He drew himself closer to me , I gasped widening my eyes ,"So what is your final decision Miss Waters ?", he interrogated fostering his hands to my waist from the back of my hair whilst gliding it slowly giving me sensations. I tried shoving away his hands from my body but failed miserably. 
"I am not agreeing , do you get me ? , and also I'm not approving your condition to bath with me . Seriously ?, how do you come up with such nuisance ?", I scoffed looking straight in his dark blue eyes . My heart raced against my decision , I tried breathing in a calmly manner so as to relax my heartbeats down . 
He smirked , raised his brows whilst continuing his stare and continued ,"You leave me no choice then "
He slowly and gradually distanced himself from me , only to create the situation more chaotic . I couldn't shout or ask for help , he was the king here . Maybe, I should just agree to eat with him . The feminist within me didn't allow me to.
I gawked at his seductive actions , he leisurely separated his coat from his body . He threw it towards the floor haphazardly . His actions were unanticipated just like his personality . The more I tried knowing him , the more I confused myself.
After unbuttoning the topmost 3 buttons of his shirt , he glanced at me with cornered eyes . A portion of his muscular torso could be seen , "You can yet change your mind ", he was trying to seduce me , I just had to be determined on not being tempted . 
"Never knew that you were a stripper too ", I shrugged with a poker face .
He came closer again , his lips touched my earlobes passing chills to the nerves in my body , making my heart tickle ,"You don't know a lot about me ", after distancing himself 3 to 4 inches away , he half smiled.
Within moments , he unbuttoned the rest of his shirt . His torso showed off his abs making me wonder that whether it was some piece of art or literature . Trust me , the view could turn any one on . Maybe I should recite some historic answer and divert my mind.
He raised his brows when he saw me checking out on him . I tried turning my head away to avoid myself from getting more embarrassed . I refocused my attention in his direction on hearing a noise . I saw him sliding off the buckle of the belt which surrounded his pants . 
I swallowed , backed myself towards the corner of the bed . I eyed him , he was yet looking at me notoriously . "What are you trying to do ?", I stated annoyingly . 
"What am I trying to do ? You bath with clothes on ? ", he rhetorically questioned.
I pouted unpleasantly , gathered my hair into a top-knot and tried ignoring him ."I am not bathing with you ".
"Fine , you can remove your clothes in the bathroom or maybe you can bath with clothes on . Freedom of expression, you see?", I tried paying no heed to his wink . He was clearly teasing me or maybe he was dead serious . 
"I'm asking you one last time , do you agree to eat with me ?", I nodded simply meaning a no. He yanked his pants shamelessly, made himself comfortable in his Calvin Klien. I tried moving my eyes away but the view interlocked my heart, body and eyes. 
Let's not deny the fact that his body was very beautiful. 
He messed his hair, stiffened himself whilst standing and propelled his hands towards me . I gave a small clap to his hands and rested it behind my back instinctively. "I knew, I had to do this", he placed his right arm around my back and the other on the bend of my knees whilst lifting me up bridal style.
"I am not your property, you can't just lift me whenever you want", I offended hitting the back of his body. My hands collided with his skin ringing all the bells in my heart, I pulled away at once.
After taking slow steps towards the bathroom, he slyly smiled. I couldn't just let him win, I had to do something to tackle him. He locked the bathroom's door after settling me on the floor . He stood close to the door so as to avoid me from running away. Such an asshole. 
He came closer to me , loosened the knot of my bun releasing them open. I straightened my tank top and pulled my pajamas above my belly. His face showed amusement , was my actions funny? 
"Are you going to rape me", I arched my brows towards him .
"I said I'm going to bath with you, where does rape come from?" he came closer to me , pinched me towards the wall and turned the shower on. Warm water traveled from my hair, to my face and later made space on my body as my clothes soaked in it. 
Mr Reynolds's wet hair rested on his forehead. If I didn't hate him this much, I would've attacked his lips with mine. I closed my eyes feeling the warmth of the water and also of his body. He rested his hands on the wall locking me in order to prevent me from moving away, I tried looking away when our foreheads touched but I couldn't. His proximity towards me demanded attention, of my heart and body. 
I was captivated by his alluring face , my eyes refused to look away. He was turning out to me by weakness. How could I be affected my some one so much? I had to do something to tackle him, an evil plan revolved around my mind. I just had to gather guts to bring action to it. 
But in order to execute the plan , I had to maintain my proximity towards him , kiss him too if condition arises . Come on Amanda , it's not like you haven't kissed him earlier.
###chapter 79
No one among us broke the eye contact, the water flew with great speed and so did our emotions . I lifted my tank top up and withdrew it away from my body . I threw it negligently on the floor . Mr Reynolds pulled away , his eyes traveled all across my body , precisely on my black bra .I peered at my body and realized that a part of my cleavage was visible .
I could feel the water drifting from my naked skin to the floor . His manly desire didn't allow him to keep himself distant . He at once pushed his body closer to mine , our noses were linked up with each other . I could've pushed him till the jacuzzi but then it would create difficulty for me to thrust him away. 
My eyes closed innumerable times when the water collided with it . It was difficult for me to breathe easily but I was determined in teaching him a lesson . I pushed away his hair away from his forehead making space for my eyes to rest on his irresistible face . I threaded my fingers on the back of his hairs whist biting my lips .
He arched his brows excitingly , I broke the distance between our lips as I smashed my lips against his . He reciprocated the movement as he kissed me back . He sucked my lower lip passionately , I allowed him to . He sucked it continuously asking for entrance . 
I didn't pull away but allowed him instead . His tongue clashed with mine giving me a taste of him . For a moment, I forgot everything . I wanted to kiss him, just kiss him continuously and endlessly.
I pushed him towards the jacuzzi without breaking our kiss . His body floated into the water, he eyed me in a displeasing way. I smirked at him "You can't always win eh ",I rushed towards the door, unlocked it banging it. He stood up at once and marched towards me, I at once closed the door on his face and locked it swiftly.
"Unlock the door", I heard continuous banging on the door . I patted my right arm with my left hand celebrating my victory.
"You're inviting trouble for yourself Miss Waters", he banged harder "Unlock the fucking door , Amanda " , I faced my back towards the door and exited the room after putting on some decent clothes . I had to repeat my clothes because I didn't have much so I had to use the ones I took on our business trip .
I descended the stairs leisurely , loitered around his mansion and later settled my ass on the chair of the dining table. I scrunched the apple from my mouth whilst eating it . I gulped a sip of water and rested my chin on the table as an attempt to relax myself.
On sensing a tap on my shoulder , I tilted my chin to face the human . "Oh , hey again Red Aunt ", I cheerfully smiled when she served me food in my plate . It was Chinese which was one of my favorite cuisine of all time . 
"Thank you ", I appreciated .
"Always at your service ", she kept filling my plate until I told her to stop. "So where's Aaron Sir ?",she rotated her eyeballs around the place .
Oh my Lord , I totally forgot about Mr Reynolds , he'd be fuming with anger by now as I didn't unlock the door yet . It would've been close to 40 minutes by now . My eyes widened automatically with fear , he won't spare me now. I did dig my grave all by myself . I took slow breathes and answered ,"I -Uh , he-uh ", I stammered .
"Maybe you're looking for me ", speak of the devil and it appears. Mr Reynolds stood stiff , inches away from the table . White transparent shirt was draped around his upper-body which was paired with loose trousers . Today was one of the days when I saw him in an informal dress and he seemes to nail this look too. 
I gasped , scared . I didn't release him so the question which took birth in my mind was , how did he get out of the bathroom without me doing an effort to release him ? . I looked at him , turned my attention towards my plate filled with food when his eyes met mine.
I tried avoiding making any facial expressions . He was angry , I didn't want to pin him more. "So ?"he came closer to me and took a seat next to me,"Hey , Rosaline . Can you give us some space ?" she nodded and left the dining room. No, please don't go. 
I cleared my throat preparing myself for the face-off. "Ugly move ", he swallowed the juice from the glass.
"Well, I did tell you that I won't be either eating with you or bathing with you "
"But , you just did ", he arched his brows smirking.
"With my consent ", I pouted realizing that I made a fool of myself but to be honest I didn't . Neither did I agree to eat with him nor bath, I did both the activities without agreeing to him , Okay I bathed with him but also trapped him inside for a couple of minutes. I didn't eat with him too, he joined me after I completed eating half of the meal . Okay Amanda , good going. 
Amanda : 1
Aaron : 0
"So , how did you manage to unlock yourself ?", I questioned filling my folk with noodles.
"Through the telephone ", he smirked ,"I have intercoms in every room , every bathroom , the kitchen , the garden , basically everywhere ", I watched the noodles swoop through my folk . I was shocked , how can someone have intercoms attached in bathroom.
I pinched my nose in frustration,"Do you have cameras everywhere too ?"
He chuckled ,"I do , I can watch every move of the people who work here or stay here ", he looked at me.
"In the bathroom too ?", I tried clearing my doubt.
He looked towards me, his face plastered with amusement ,"Well not in the bathrooms but maybe its specifically situated in yours"
I mixed my brows vexed ,"So funny ", I turned my attention towards the plate again. Why wasn't he mad at me? Was he waiting for a chance to turn me down or mock me down more badly? Or did he just change? Into a better human?
###chapter 80
Amanda's Pov
I furrowed my brows , neatly placed the folk on the table and wiped off my hands with the napkin as I prepared myself to question him in order to sort out the confusion which battled in my brain ,"Why is your blood not boiling with anger , I literally locked you in my room's bathroom "
He took a bite of his sandwich , eyed me without breaking any contacts even for once . I turned my attention away for a while and then settled it towards his direction .I raised my brows as an attempt to expect an answer but to my surprise he was silent, very silent.
"What ?", he chuckled.
"Answer me ", fine , I was growing impatient .
"The question is ?", he acted all holy . I wanted to stab him innumerable time. It was weird because he didn't shout or insult me even for once . He was acting all cool adding fumes to my anger . 
I fake smiled outstretching my lips a bit more than normal ,"Why are you not mad at me , I locked you in the bathroom , I scored a point against you . Where is the ass-hole in you ? Did it die ? Or I should wait for uglier consequences ?"
He chuckled gulping his bites with a sip of orange juice ,"Why would I be mad at you ? you turned me on , I got a chance to, you know, kiss you . I partly made love to you there , I don't regret anything , not even the consequences which you served me "
"Oh , and now you're talking dirty "
"You just initiated it , I'm just appreciating your actions with my words ", I turned my head away , I felt embarrassed , very embarrassed . He was stretching the topic on purpose, to bring out the shyness within me. 
"I should be rejoining office ", I glanced straight in his dark blue eyes . His expressions didn't look much satiating to my last sentence . He didn't answer me , considering my question irrelevant . "I can't just stay here doing nothing , take me with you . I'll die out of boredom here , please "
He kept a finger on my lips shutting me down ,"Don't you ever talk about dying again . No one's gonna die , if death's gonna come than it has to encounter me before you ", I gasped , my heart raced at his unanticipated reaction . It was suppose to be a joke, why did he take it to another level? why did he acted like my life was very important to him.
"Okay ! ", I breathed in, I didn't have anything else to say so....
"Mr Reynolds ", I paused "I mean Aaron ", I interrupted the silence .
"I like it when you call me by my first name, it sounds sexy ", he broke my words whilst continuing his sentence .
I pouted annoyingly ,"I'm calling you by your firs--"
"Yeah , because you don't respect me anymore . I've heard that story a while ago ", he cut my sentence and preceded his.
Poking him on his chest with my pointer finger , I warned him to shut the fuck up . Before, he didn't speak at all and now there was no off switch or maybe we seemed to take each other's place, let me minus my clumsy part first though .
After waiting for the atmosphere to calm down , I broke the silence ,"If I'm staying here , I'm paying you for the expenses which are being incurred for my good . I-uh can't just stay with you without paying a penny , what will people consider me ? A gold digger ? your mistress? "
He didn't seem pretty much convinced with my offer ,"Maybe you should leave the thinking part on me ", he looked at me with a poker face . I folded my hands firmly , making up my mind to not settle on anything rather than what I proposed for . Considering the fact that , whoever eats /drinks without paying for it , is supposedly a gold digger .
"I'll take money from a woman ? Really ?", he arched his brows "You're hitting straight on my manhood ego . I know you're not a gold digger , okay ? ", he pulled my chair closer interrupting the distance which kept us apart . I inhaled, my eyes widened in shock .
My side thighs almost touched his knees, there was clothing which came in between of course ,"I am not taking any money from you ", he propelled his decision.
I scoffed ,"Fine , I am not staying here without paying you . ", he nodded his head from left to right simply meaning a no . I was firm on my decision too so I picked myself up in order to leave his mansion but he had great grip over my arms . He yanked me closer to him which ended my ass on his thighs .
I pulled away at once but his grip was stronger. Maybe, I should hit the gym.My cheeks touched his nose leaving me uncomfortable , my cheeks heated red and my heart raced. Was there an off switch over these happenings which took birth in my body on sensing his touch? 
"So ? Mr Pervert ? ", I decided to skip straight to the topic without beating around the bush.
"I already took a decision , I am not taking a single money from you ", I felt a tickle in my stomach because of the warmth of his body , my brain cells ceased to function and so did my reflexes . Why was the most uncomfortable place blessing me with the comfort I desired for .
I tucked away my hair-lock behind my ear, gazed straight in his eyes and continued ,"You can't take money from me but you can atleast deduct it from my provident fund? You can, right? "
"I can but I won't ", he smiled .
"Please, the thought of some unknown paying for my expenses suffocates me, it hits straight on my self-respect "
"Unknown ?", he questioned in a low tone ,"Yeah, okay! ", he continued whilst settling me on the other chair again. He sauntered slowly towards the stairs, precisely his room . "Aaron ",I shouted his name , he turned around instinctively facing me .
I unseated myself and walked towards him, I halted when we weren't much away from each other ,"I have a presentation tomorrow, in college. I can't miss it at any chance which means I have to leave this place in the morning. I can't afford to miss it, it'll reflect directly on my grades. I assure, I'll be safe "
After stating my decision , I took small steps towards my room . He neither replied nor answer me, he was back to being the old Aaron Reynolds who considered every statement of mine irrelevant.
###chapter 81
I straightened myself on the bed , covered my body with the sheets and closed my eyes to relax. Days weren't as hard as I expected here . 
I woke up the moment my alarm started ringing, sunshine beamed through the window spreading light everywhere . No matter how much I wanted to stay in bed, I couldn't. After encountering a parcel on the table which was closer to my bed , I pulled it towards my direction and opened it.
It had a note over it, it read 'To Miss Waters', I knew who was it from.There was only one person in this world who was hesitant to call me by my first name. I don't know which century he belonged to.
Memories relating to parcels drifted across my mind , how he sent me the waitress uniform when he wanted to annoy me, how he sent me a classy dress when he doubted my fashion sense . A part of me didn't want to open the parcel and the other part was curious too.
I quickly unwrapped the parcel after taking possession of the box . It wasn't heavy but it wasn't light either. It was neatly wrapped with a professional brown paper . To my astonishment, there was a white shirt with black trousers within it . It also had a letter 'thought you had nothing formal to wear'
A small smile naturally took birth on my lips, I tightened my lips so as to prevent myself from blushing anymore. It had a 'A' inscribed at the bottom of the letter , I couldn't really figure out what it denoted, Aaron or Amanda ? The main question was, since when did he start to think about someone who wasn't him . 
Rushing towards the bathroom, I quickly showered , fixed my hairs after drying my body . I covered my body with the formals , it fitted me perfectly . I analyzed my reflection in the mirror , gathered my hair in a ponytail, applied some lip gloss and left the room . I wasn't really prepared for the presentation but I knew Gina would brush me up at the end moment. 
After strolling towards the exit of the big-long mansion, I eyed around to catch a glimpse of Mr Reynolds but to my content or maybe discontent, my eyes couldn't locate him. 
To my joy, after a long long time I was going to college all by myself without any bodyguard . I breathed in cheerfully whilst exiting the door . There's a very famous proverb in English ,'Speak of the devil and it arises'
"Oh, You ", I fake smiled . He observed me from eye to toe, I matched my eye-balls with his as an attempt to inspect that whether something was wrong with my clothing. 
"Good Morning ", his hands were dug in either side of his narrow-fit pants which were paired with a black coat . His shirt's white fabric could be seen through, a tie added cherry to his formal look .
"I doubt on that since you wished me", I took small steps completely avoiding him . I could hear the steps which followed me. On totally ignoring him , I removed my phone from my clutch to book an Uber . On succeeding on my booking, I tried getting in as the driver parked right next to his gate. 
I felt obstructed, I couldn't move further as I felt a grip of someone's hands on my right wrist. I was pulled aback when my body got locked in his direction. "Stop acting all violent for once", I stated annoyingly .
"We don't need your ride , I'm ready to pay though. Here's my card ", he propelled his card towards the driver, he redirected the card to him whilst pushing it in his direction again . He entered his pin, removed the card and nodded looking at the driver whilst bidding him farewell. 
"You're coming with me ", he commanded dragging me towards his car . He opened the door for me, I hopped in instinctively without debating further. I didn't want to spoil my mood and my day . 
I draped the seat-belt across my body, I looked towards the window and avoided his existence completely . He didn't interrupt a word either . The remaining ride was silent and boring. All I could hear was the sound caused due to the brakes and horns. 
Turning my head a bit around for a while , I had the most embarrassing eye-contact with him. Was he shamelessly staring at me ? Well, for an instance, I was too. On reaching my college, he pulled the brake . 
"How long will it take ?", he interrupted the silence . 
"I don't know ", I shrugged . Even if I did, I didn't intend to tell him because why would I want to give up on my freedom, even for a while. But to be honest, I didn't have an answer myself. 
I exited the car all by myself, he followed my actions after he carefully parked his Jaguar. I had no interests in cars, I just knew them by their brand names. "Its my college ", I pouted "You can't just follow me everywhere "
He smirked looking at me "I know , right ? What makes you think I am gonna enroll my name in the student's list ? As decided, I'm going to accompany you in your way in."
"I didn't agree, Oh wait , it isn't even a mutual decision .", I offended.
"I decided on both of our behalves . Come, show me your college now ", he crooked his elbows, I totally neglected his actions and straightened my hands . I wasn't going to catch him whilst walking anyways.
###chapter 82
Amanda's Pov
Sauntering around the campus , I noticed that guys and girls were looking at me , staring precisely. Was I walking with the dead ? Or maybe with some supernatural creature . Mr Reynolds didn't seem to care , he walked by my side leisurely without giving a flying fuck.
His chin tilted up just like his brown hair. His suit, tie and pants definitely didn't suit the college atmosphere but he was unaffected. 
I also fake smiled at some of the girls around sarcastically. One thing I noted was, they didn't eye me. They only gawked at Mr Reynolds's direction . "If you wanted to come with me, you should've atleast picked up a college-going-casual-outfit ", I leaned closer to him and murmured in a low tone.
"Whats wrong with this ?", he arched his brows .
"Turn around for a while, maybe you'll find an answer "
"Maybe my ethereal face blew their minds, maybe ", he winked sexily as he walked stiffly resting his hands into his pockets. Maybe, he was right. Maybe it was his personality and face, not his outfit. I shouldn't care, I should give no fucks at all .
Subsequently spotting Gina and Francis, we engulfed ourselves into a group hug which was our little tradition. Gina dramatically cleared her throat when she spotted Mr Reynolds. Francis went closer to him and shook his hands . "Hey there, Mr Reynolds ", Gina sounded fresh, lively and okay today.
"Good Morning, Miss Gina ", he gestured her with a small smile. 
I kept my hand on Gina's shoulder and pleaded for help ,"I literally don't know anything. Train me ", she smiled solacing me.
"On your service Ma'am ", she chuckled and continued "Since it's a group presentation, you can present the first two slides which mostly deals with the introduction "
I grabbed the notes from her hands and started learning my part loudly. I was a loud learner, I couldn't memorize anything silently ."What's France's part ?", I questioned Gina looking at Francis who stood by Mr Reynolds's side.
"He's going to say the last three slides. He has his palm's inked, don't worry", Francis showed me his palms which were filled with notes . Mr Reynolds peeped at it, his face was plastered with amusement. 
We headed towards the ground-floor's canteen, it was yet 30 minutes till the lecture. I glanced at Mr Reynolds, he was doing something on his phone. He neither looked at us, nor anyone around. He took the corner-most chair of our table. I lifted my ass up to order something, I was hungry .
"Hey Aaron, you'd like some coffee? ",Francis questioned him . 
"He drinks tea ", I interrupted and later cursed my blunt nature. His eyes met mine as he chuckled , I quickly turned my face and body towards the ordering counter. 
I traveled my eye-balls towards the menu, we always ordered our signature sandwich but when it came to deserts, we always experimented.I suddenly felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around to meet eyes with that person . 
"Oh, Susan ", I greeted her . She was the most fake, dumb, attention-hungry girl of our college.
"Long time no see", she pulled me into a hug , I could smell her cologne. It's smell was enchanting but on her body I felt like ranting.
She looked at me, my outfit. Her gang did the same, they also turned their attention towards Mr Reynolds whilst talking to me. I cringed for a moment, was it jealousy ? 
"So he's that hottie you've been spending your nights and days with ", she grinned like an idiot as she stretched the word 'night'. Her group-mates repeated the sentence. I pouted in annoyance .
"Well, that's not true ", I objected lying. She didn't seem much convinced with my answer, she quickly unlocked her phone, typed something and propelled it towards my direction.
I peeped in, I was more than shocked on reading the e-news. It read 'The mystery girl found comfort in Reynolds's mansion . Who is she ? The girlfriend? The mistress? The fiance ? The escort? ', it also had a paragraph which followed the headline. I knew that these were only the perks of staying with the billionaire.
I couldn't narrate the real reason to Susan, she'll make a scene out of it. I , also couldn't agree to this fake shit. I was lost in a maze which had no exit out so I decided to be a runner of this whole situation. I collected my tray and tried ignoring her group. 
"Answer me ", Susan marched towards me.
"About what ? Have a life bitch ", I cursed.

She moved her fingers through my face, she made way towards my neck slowly. Such a bully ,"so what do you really do to please that rich man? Give him blow-jobs? Surrender yourself roughly on the bed? Tell me baby, don't hide things from your friends. Let them have a share of his richness too "
"Excuse me ", I raised my voice in annoyance as she was raging my anger . How cheap was her thought. I saw Gina coming towards me through cornered eyes. I had to sort this before she arrives, Gina was the violent kind of a girl. She couldn't bare anyone's nuisance. 
"Fuck yourself and your jealousy filled tits", I turned my head away and marched towards our table. Not much to my surprise, everyone present were looking at me. I silently kept the food-tray on the table.
After passing Mr Reynolds's tea in his direction, I took a bite of my sandwich. He didn't really show any interest in my fight with Susan but one thing was sorted, I was going to have a word with him about it the moment we exit the college premises. I didn't initiate the topic here because it was chaotic and I didn't really want to add flames to the fire. 
On completing the meal, I revised my slide one last time and stood up ,"I'll be waiting for you", Mr Reynolds looked at his watch.
"I wasn't inviting you with me either. I'll be back in an hour "
"See you Amanda Waters ", I turned around as I walked besides Gina "Wait", he called from behind, I turned my head in his direction and arched my brows waiting for him to complete his statement so that I could rush towards my classroom "All the best ", he nodded his head and smiled.
It wasn't one of those gleaming smiles, but it solaced my heart and mind. Damn you, Richie Rich.
Gina eyed me so I tightened my lips and pretended to straighten up my dress . "That face eh ", I turned my selfie-camera on to have a glimpse of myself . 
"There's nothing weird I can sense ", I objected . I, later realized what she meant, "Oh, no it's very complicated. Don't take it that way please ", I narrated her the whole story whilst waiting for ma'am . She was shocked and also confused .
Francis didn't dare interrupt any of us. After ma'am arrived, we patiently waited for our turn and when it truly was, we tried giving our best. Gina was our backbone whenever it came to projects, assignments and presentations. We all have someone in our group who takes care of all the studios matters, right ?
"Hey Gina ", Andrew came closer to us,"Hey Amanda ", he later wished me. He didn't wish Francis, I looked at his face and I knew exactly how cornered he felt. I couldn't laugh on his face so I turned around silently, he pinched me softly on my shoulder as he caught me making fun of him. 
I held back till his shadow disappeared and then continued "What's up with his blush man ?"
###chapter 83
Gina pouted, she didn't seem much satisfied with Andrew's entry ,"I know right , he's so annoying . "
"And also so into you ", Francis interrupted. Gina looked at Francis, if only throwing daggers could kill. 
"Who sends so many butter-coated messages ?', Gina showcased some of Andrew's messages to us. Francis read them aloud making fun of them.
"They're actually very cute , no offense ", I made an air quotation . Gina ignored my sentence with a 'duh' and we rambled towards the canteen to catch up with Mr Reynolds . To my discontent, he wasn't in the canteen so where was he? I was 109% sure that he wouldn't go home alone without leaving me.
I patrolled at the table for a while, suddenly, Rhea came closer to me ,"Hey, You're here ?"
"Where am I suppose to be ?", I questioned astounded .
"You called that living-art in the ladies common room, right ? ", I arched my brows . Why would I call him in the LADIES common room ? plus our college's ladies common room remains vacant most of the time.
I smiled looking at her and strode towards it with my fullest speed. Gina and Francis followed me. On reaching the door, I realized that it was locked. I tried pushing it with all my force, on failing, Francis took over. He, with all his might pushed the door open. A heart-shaking view was encountered by our eyes--
"I-uh ", Mr Reynolds stammered pushing Susan away from him, she took a step closer again and he yanked her away when she tried brushing her lips on his.
I didn't have words to describe the view I confronted . "Sorry to interrupt your privacy ", I plastered my face with a smile, something just didn't feel right .
He gasped , "It doesn't looks how it seems ", he started coming in close proximity . 
"Yeah, he was about to take advantage on me . Oh, my Lord ! he even tried hitting on my intimate areas, he was trying to molest and take control over my body ", Susan interrupted, her face told a different story though . 
Instantaneously, something knocked down my mind. Rhea told me awhile back that he came here in search of me which means Susan was trying to push him in some crime which he didn't commit. I gave him a sign as I marched towards them, Susan's topmost 2 buttons were open which showed off her cleavage.
"I can handle this myself ", he tried pushing me away from this situation.
After descending the stairs and matching heights with them completely, I replied "No, this isn't your area, your office premises. This is my college, I know how to bitchslap the basic bitches here "
"Oh , really ?", she arched her brows and faked tears "You're only supporting this man-whore just because he suffices your monetary needs, I'm going to reveal his true personality to the media ", she wiped off her tears from the back of her hands. 
I, looked at her, feeling the desire to punch her straight in her nose but somehow I controlled. "Oh really ? he took advantage of you? Where's the proof?"
"You guys eye-witnessed it ", she interrupted.
"Yeah, but you were involved too ", Gina descended the stairs and stood by my side, Francis watched us from afar . 
"I don't really know why you guys are stretching such an irrelevant topic. Such incidents have happened to me earlier, all these women want is money. He removed his cheque book and inscribed his signature on it. He handed over the cheque to Susan, she took possession over it, her lips gave birth to a small smile.
"'I forgive you ", she waved us flaunting the cheque in the air. I followed her steps, yanked away the cheque from her hands and tore it in pieces . 
She pouted as she came closer ,"Guess what ? Tell every one about this incident. Do not be hesitant even for as second ",I smirked "But being your acquaintance, I'd like to show you something ", I tilted her chin up roughly so that she could clearly have a glimpse of the camera. 
Her expressions turned pale and so did her plan, she thumped her feet and made way towards the exit. Francis opened the door for her,"I am really good on bed , if you wanna try", he winked at Susan, she thumped her feet in annoyance and banged the door angrily. 
"You trusted me ! ", Mr Reynolds exclaimed.
"Of course I did, I am aware of the fact that you're a massive piece of jerk, a ruthless rascal, an emotionless fucktard but I am also aware of the fact that you wouldn't do such a shameless act. You can lock me up in the bathroom, in your house but you can't really assault a girl sexually.Thank me ?"
"Oh, for cursing me ?", he interrogated .
"Maybe", I hugged Gina and Francis one last time and left following Mr Reynolds "See you soon", I waved one last goodbye.
On settling myself in his car, I interrupted the silence and initiated the topic "I'm not your mistress and neither I am a gold digger "
He halted for a second, leaned closer to me and rubbed the back of my hands with his fingers ,"What makes you say so ?"
###chapter 84
Amanda's Pov
"I am not your mistress or any gold-digger. I read the article online", I breathed out "It had rubbish things written about our relation. "
"Our relationship?" he arched his brows.
"Yes, what are we?" I questioned back. "I can't really stand the fact of me linked with you", I paused and continued "sexually ".
"I'm famous, people write things about me and my life. Not every ounce of it has to be true. you don't have to be affected, okay ?" he rubbed his fingers on my hands, I looked at him and realized that he was already looking at me.
He leaned in closer, tucked away the hair strand of mine behind the back of my ear I gasped realizing our proximity. We were just inches away, I could feel him breathing. Our foreheads collided and so did our nose, None among us broke the eye contact, his blue eyes were deep, anyone could drown in them and also not regret doing it.
I bit my lower lip and swallowed, my heart raced and so did the creatures in my stomach. I wanted to push him away from me but I also wanted to shelter myself in his arms, feel his lips. What was wrong with me, why wasn't I able to pick a stand. Why couldn't my love for him just end.
He pushed his body closer to mine, our lips almost touched. It was about to get deep that I sensed a vibration on my phone. It was a picture message from Susan, he regained his original position but kept his focus on me.
I clicked on the download option, my internet wasn't really fast so I had to wait. I glanced through the window and met eyes with Susan, she grinned as she directed me to check the message. I sighed when it read 'download complete', my eyes widened at the unanticipated picture.
Yeah, we were about to make-out but we weren't really making out. The picture was zoomed in, Mr Reynolds body was on mine. I showcased the picture to him, "Miss Waters--", I didn't allow him to complete the sentence, I exited the car and didn't even turn for once.
It was my fault too but I was ashamed, I knew Susan's nature. She would forward this picture to everyone making me look like a slut. I wasn't his girl, so the only tag which would be prefixed on my name was maybe his sex slave. I needed air, so I didn't enroll myself in the college again. I instead walked away from it.
I didn't turn around even for once, I heard the tyres following me with slow speed. Seriously ?, this man could be any less annoying? I kept moving and so did the vehicle behind me. "Get in Miss Waters, I'll deal with that red haired woman "
"Oh! Wow, money speaks . Damn! every thing is so easy for you"
"You're not easy, you're contradiction to the law, get in now or do you want my car to walk till our way home?", I scoffed thumping my legs and took the passenger seat again. I had no choice, he was creating this whole scene in the middle of the road. People threw daggers at us whilst walking by.
He pinched on the switch of the radio, "I'm in no mood ", I switched it off.
The rest of the ride was silent, I rested my head on the seat and laid restlessly with eyes closed. On hearing a phone ring, I slowly opened my eyes and realized that we had already reached home. I looked at the time by unlocking my home screen, it was 3:00 pm. We left the college premises at 12 pm though.
"Why didn't you wake me up? You've been sitting next to me for this whole time? Why not care to wake me?", I waited for an answer .
He rested his attention in my direction, his eyes met mine and he leaned sideways maintaining a safe distance, "I didn't intend to wake you up, you slept peacefully . And ", he paused "You looked beautiful "
I breathed in, rubbed my eyes with my knuckles and exited the car after taking possession of my clutch. I knew what I had to do today, I had this whole set up in my mind. Mr Reynolds wouldn't answer me straightforwardly, I had to take the initiative in finding out the secret he kept till himself. I had to know that what threw him to such extent. I had to know it all.
I strolled towards my room, freshened myself and jumped on the fluffy bed. I had an idea to inquire about everything through Red Aunt but there was a chance that she'd speak up to her master and Aaron would definitely mind. Whatever I had to do, it had to be in secret.
I decided to drop a text on my group, 3 minds travel faster then 1.
Me : Hey #SherlockEmergency .
Francis : Speak up my female Agatha. 
Gina : What's it?
Me : Which places can help you with clues from the past , it's really a big mansion so.....
Francis : There maybe secret doors , is there any sort of hidden treasure there? Let me help then haha.
Gina : stfu 
Gina : Maybe the store room or the owner's room ?
Francis : Maybe / Maybe not . Shall we drop by ?
Me : No , it's okay, I'll sort it out myself. See you. Thank you! 
I locked my phone, peeped through Mr Reynolds room before inspecting his house. He wasn't seen anywhere which meant he wasn't home. He definitely was working his ass out. I started looking beneath the pillows first but then was amused by my stupid act.
###chapter 85
Why would he hide his belongings, this whole freaking mansion belonged to him. I tried opening his wardrobe but it was locked, I paved my way towards the drawer. Siding away the unnecessary stuff, I came across a picture. It was more of a family picture but it didn't have his father. It was just his mother and his elder brother. 
My eyes settled on the picture, they refused to look in other direction, this picture was clicked maybe when he was in his early 10's. He grinned and so did everyone in it. Selena Gomez and Charlie Puth don't talk anymore and Mr Reynolds didn't smile anymore.
I kept the picture as it previously was, in the drawer and opened the lower drawer but to my discontent I didn't find anything useful there too. Whatever I had to do, it had to be quick. I didn't want to showcase myself as some creep who stalks his stuff.
In order to go through his wardrobe, I had to have access which could be only possible through the keys which I didn't have. Before leaving the room, I made sure that all his stuff was as neat as before. He was one of the men who kept their belongings neat, clean and in place.
After exiting the room, I searched for the store room, it was definitely not on the same floor. Maybe it was on the ground floor. I descended the stairs, "Hey, can you guide me till the store room?" I questioned the maid who was cleaning the floor.
"We're not allowed to go there ma'am", she warned me.
"Are you saying me a no? You don't really know who I am, do you?", I tried threatening her .
"Who are you ma'am?" she questioned genuinely.
"Shouldn't concern you, guide me ", she shook her head and took the lead. She walked silently and I followed, it was situated on the first floor of this mansion. "Thank you ", I genuinely smiled "By the way, What's your name?"
"Call me Kayla, Anything I can help with?" she questioned.
I nodded ," carry on whatever you're doing, I'll call for help if I require, thank you once again "
I watched her walk away and then marched in the room. It was quite dusty like it hadn't been cleaned for years. After patting on some rusted stuff, I only got access to some shitty bed sheets, old dresses, stoves etc. To my melancholy, I couldn't encounter anything helpful.
Then suddenly, my hand hit something. On deeper observation I realized that it was a family album. I quickly opened it and was perplexed after looking at the pictures. It was full of pictures, precisely of my parents holidaying with his.
The only question which arose in my mind was that when I asked mom about it she said that she wasn't aware of his family much. Was mom lying? I needed answer to my questions, I just had no one to give that to me. I turned the pages of the album, the pictures were very jolly, everyone in it seemed quite happy then what exactly went wrong that Mrs Reynolds had to give up on her life?
A part of me was convinced that it was somehow connected to my family. This only would've be his reason to come after my dad's family which was me and my sister. He definitely did wrong to us, if only I knew then I'd hate him a little less.
"So, are you done or shall I wait out?", I dropped the album on suddenly hearing a familiar voice. I knew who it was from, I had no guts to look straight. I was caught red-handed.
"I-uh ", I swallowed.
He came closer to me, I took backwards steps with every forward step of his. "Whatever you were doing make sure you don't have to do it again "
I gathered my courage, "I need answers"
"Now is not the time "
"Then when is it? If you're not going to answer me then eventually I have to find out myself", I picked up the album and turned the pages from right where I stopped.
"Don't you", he yanked the album away and threw it in the air. He grabbed me through my wrists and pulled me till the elevator. I tried punching him several times but I failed every time. 
"You give me reasons to hate you", I screamed on top of my lungs as he pushed me on the bed and locked the door from outside. I tried banging several times but no one heard me or at least they pretended that they couldn't hear me.
"Open the fucking door", I yelled but failed to get any response. On failing continuously, I glided my back on the door and settled my ass on the floor, My head rested on the door, I didn't take possession of my phone, just rested there for a while and closed my eyes.
Without realizing upon the time, I kept my position constant. Hunger didn't strike me nor did anyone show up. My head made up stories, negative and the positive ones. Did everyone team up and kill his mother, if this was the case then why was he hiding it. Why doesn't he just cage every culprit behind the bars, where they deserve.
I didn't know that whether I could digest the fact of mom being the culprit. No, Amanda don't you doubt on your mom. She's a good woman.
After hearing, a small bang on the door, I straightened myself up , watched the time as it was quite late, precisely 12 am, opened the door slowly. To my surprise, Francis, Gina, Sonia and Dan popped in with a huge cake in their hands.
"Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday to you, Happy birthday dear Amanda, Happy birthday to you ", they all sang in synchronisation. Sonia released the snow-spray in the air and Dan blew whistles whilst circling his lips.
I gasped, my eyes sweated. How did I forget my birthday. "Thank you so much", I thanked them warmly with the bottom of my heart.
###chapter 86
Amanda's POV
They sang the birthday song once again. I slashed the chocolate cake carefully without spoiling my fingers much. I gave the biggest piece to Francis, he always demanded one. I, then distributed the rest of the pieces to everyone.
Only Gina was formal enough to feed me with a piece too. Sonia took her piece and smashed it on my face, I did the same. Everyone joined in. We laughed hysterically whilst looking at each other's faces. This moment could stop forever and I wouldn't complain at all.
"I definitely should take a shower", I climbed out of the bed, collected my floral knee length shift dress and rushed towards the bathroom. I was the birthday girl. I should at least look presentable as I knew I was going to be on everyone's social media account's stories. On exiting the bathroom, I saw huge heap of pizzas and coke placed on the bed.
"I'm the birthday girl, treats should be on me", I pouted as it didn't feel right. I should be the one paying for their food.
"Where did all the formalities come from?", Gina watched me with cornered eyes.
"Through Mr Aaron, oops Mr Reynolds", Francis laughed whilst mimicking me. He did actually spoke in a female's accent and voice.
I slapped him playfully, took possession of my slice of pizza and gulped the whole bottle of coke. "So, how are you Amanda ", Dan interrupted.
"Better now ". I smiled.
Slowly and steadily, the door flew open. We watched the shadow appear silently, without a doubt anyone could guess that it was Mr. Reynolds. He arched his brows, examined us for a while and then broke the silence ,"So, a birthday party is going on, who is the one?"
I pinched Gina, and warned Francis and Sonia by widening my eyes, Dan didn't look towards me, he also was quite distant in terms of spaces. "It's Da---", Dan cut my sentence the moment I was going to fake his birthday.
"Amanda's birthday, don't you have a clue about it, buddy ", Dan pointed towards me. I pouted looking at him and then replaced my expression with a fake smile. I didn't want him to know that it was my birthday. He already did his part of spoiling it anyway.
"Oh ", he sighed, looked at me one last time. "Have fun everyone", closed the door silently and exited the room.
I sighed, made sure that he exited the room first and focused my attention towards everyone. "He didn't even care to wish", Gina's face was plastered with annoyance. She knew what I felt for him, though it was in past tense. Maybe, a part of me denied but even presently the feelings weren't completely vanished.
"Dan Attrey , If you weren't Sonia's boyfriend then maybe I would've punch your nose by now", I looked at Dan angrily.
He shrugged and replied, "Did I do something wrong?"
"She didn't want him to know about her birthday ", Gina explained.
"He didn't wish either, doesn't makes a difference", Dan sorted his point of view.
The rest of the hour, I had small fights with Dan. Don't blame me, I was annoyed. We ate pizzas and fought for the last piece and Francis shared his hilarious experiences which I missed. After every 10 minutes, Sonia and Dan would begin with their little make-out session and to be honest they looked cute, really cute.
Now I knew, why he was in my birthday party. Not that I dislike him, he's a nice man and most importantly took care of Sonia and loved her tenderly.
"Time for gifts", Gina propelled a huge box in my direction. I, carefully opened it, I side-hugged Gina thanking her for such a beautiful gift. The box included makeup from all the top brands including Mac, Kyliecosmetics, HudaBeauty, Nars etc. I could even open a small retail shop with the help of it.
"My turn", Francis placed a small box on my palms which was neatly packed and decorated with a ribbon. 
"A titan", I wasn't much surprised, it was a beautiful watch which had diamonds studded on its belt.
"So that you're on time", he winked and I punched his stomach playfully.
"I hope you like it, It's from Dan and me", Sonia passed a Vero Moda bag in my way. I grabbed it from her and opened it. It was a beautiful off-shouldered black shift dress.
"I love it, thank you", I thanked her.
Gina looked at the watch , "2 am. Maybe we should leave. I hope you have a great day Amanda. We love you", Gina hugged me and later everyone joined in. I wanted them to stay but I couldn't force them to. I was well aware of the fact that Gina had strict parents and a group meet was pointless without the presence of even one member.
I watched them leave the room. I took a closer view of the gifts once again. It's so strange that some people who we name as friends can make us forget about every ongoing drama in our lives. 
I rested my back on the bed, closed my eyes but I couldn't sleep so I decided to try out the stuff they gifted me. I unzipped my dress quickly and then covered my body with the off-shouldered black dress Sonia gifted me. It wasn't much long. It was 4 inches above my knees.
I twisted Francis's watch around my wrists and pinched my cheeks with pink blusher. I decided to go for a bold shade, so I coloured my lips red. I messed my hairs a bit, I opened my front camera to upload a birthday selfie because I knew that I was not getting any chance to leave this mansion.
That person came in , inquired, arched a brow and left. He didn't even care to wish me. Heartless would be an understatement for him. A part of me expected his wish. 
"Can I come in?"
###chapter 87
"Speak of the devil ", I murmured under my breadth "Come in "
"I heard that", he shrugged. He was dressed in a black vest which showed off his muscles, he wore loose track pants. He had a balloon in his hand and his other hand was occupied with a small carry bag. His hair were properly gathered into a spike, some of them rested on his forehead which made his appearance a bit more alluring.
He sauntered towards me, stared me from head to toe but didn't compliment. His eyes were settled on my body. I shouldn't have dressed up at first place, I tried moving away as I collected my bathrobe from my wardrobe.
"Wait ", he alarmed me so I turned behind slowly.
"Yes?" I questioned.
"I have something for you", he marched a step closer and so did I, till our steps collided. I tucked away the hair which rested on my face behind my ears. I swallowed as I was scared yet excited.
He propelled the balloon in my direction. I instinctively took a grip of the string, his skin's touch ran butterflies in my belly. Spotting him with the balloon was amusing, hilarious and funny. Those words have the same meaning but I just couldn't keep it till myself. 
I tightened my lips, and bit my lower lip so as to prevent myself from laughing hard. I couldn't control so I ended up chortling, he had an -I-don't-know-what-this-girl-is-doing kind of look. His eyebrows were furrowed in confusion.
I raised the balloon in the air, made sure that I don't let go of the string, "A balloon?" I interrogated.
"Yeah, how's it? ", his eyes shined as he questioned me. Was he really a pedo or did he act like one, I wasn't even this shocked when Augustus Waters died before Hazel Grace in the fault in the stars.
"You definitely didn't like it ", his blue eyes now were a bit dark, like his eyes showed the emotions he was feeling "I was driving the streets, when I halted at the traffic signal, I saw a father gifting a heart shaped balloon to her daughter. She couldn't control her emotions, her eyes beamed when she took charge of the string from her father's hand. She hugged him as she loved the gift. I thought, maybe all girls think alike so I bought the balloon from the same vendor and decided to gift you on your birthday. I know, Flopshow ", he shrugged turning away, facing his back, he marched towards the exit.
"Mr Reynolds ", he turned around facing me "The heart shaped balloon is really pretty, I loved it, Thank you ", gifts are gifts, you don't look at their worth, you look at the heart of the person who gives it. Considering the fact that I was gifted a heart, I knotted the string at the end of my bed where there was a small hole.
"You don't have to lie. It's just I haven't gifted any woman earlier", he looked at me straight in my eyes. I knew he was saying the truth, he may have slept with many but never once would have date any. 
"But why are you gifting me?" I acted unaware.
"Because, it's your birthday ", he answered.
"Then wish me", I furrowed my brows waiting for a wish but what concealed the atmosphere was silence. He did spoil my mood earlier, he did lock me up but the efforts he was taking up for me was melting the ice which was formed against him around my heart.
He then held me by my wrists softly and pulled me closer, closer to the bed. I widened my eyes at his unanticipated move. He helped me take a seat through my shoulders and opened the small box in the carry bag. It was a small slice of cake.
"Only thing I could manage at this hour of night. It'll be definitely bigger the following morning", he took the piece in his hands and fed me with his hands. Was the taste of the cake sweet or the emotions I was encountering?
I half smiled as I looked at him, one thing I realized that very moment was that this human wasn't bad. He was just, uh, I don't know, I can't give it a word but he definitely wasn't bad. I took possession of the pastry and offered him a piece of cake, he opened his mouth and took a small bite.
I couldn't eat more, I was full already. He looked at me, straightforwardly in my eyes. He didn't come closer, just gawked at me from afar. "You're beautiful", okay, was I daydreaming? , he with his fingers tucked away the small strands of my hair from my forehead. I closed my eyes, inhaled deeply and sighed. The man I knew would use different, rather than beautiful.
"You mean different?" I teased winking.
"Mmhmm" , he nodded smiling. This was one of those nights of mine in his mansion in which I didn't debate or fight with him. It was simple, sweet and most importantly it had only me and him.
We kept silent for a while. We didn't have anything to speak about too. Yeah, he didn't wish me yet and neither did I expect any wish from him. He surprised me with unexpected things already. It would be unfair if I start expecting too much. He was an introvert and a pessimist whose small efforts surprised me and ceased my brain-cells to work appropriately.
I looked down, he tilted my chin up. His touched passed sensations across every nerve in my body making me weak in my knees. If this wasn't hate or love then I had no idea what it was. They say lust is stronger than hate and love but what I felt was pure affection. It was such a pure feeling, I was afraid that it was ruling my heart, body and mind.
The moment my eyes interlocked with his, he pushed himself a bit closer to me. He cupped my cheeks, making me go red, didn't obstructed his view away my face even for once. I could feel him breath, I could feel the amazing smell of his aftershave gel, his ethereal face. 
When we were inches away from each other, he slowly whispered "Happy Birthday Amanda", he smiled showing off his dimples on either side of his cheek. I was falling again and maybe this time it had no way out.
###chapter 88
Amanda's POV
Two words, it just took two words to turn my world upside down. I've been wished 'happy birthday' earlier but this wish scented a new fragrance in my life, precisely my heart. Our eyes collided with each other, so did our hands. His palms rested on the back of my hands.
It isn't the first time he has touched me but it always felt like the first time. My skin craved his touch, my lips craved his taste and my eyes craved his sight everywhere. Love is a four letter word which comes with strings attached, the more you try to unknot it, the more you get trapped.
I gasped, examined him and looked straight blinking a several times. His well-sculpted jaw was sharp, attractive and sexy. His beards were freshly growing. He glued his vision on me, cleared his throat and continued "I can't undo anything and I so wish that I can redo everything. You can't unhate me. All I ask for is tonight and tomorrow. I want your 21st to be the best. Let me"
"Okay", I exhaled as the word slipped out of my mouth. No, it wasn't planned. Maybe it was the innocence in his tongue and honesty in his eyes which passed a signal to my reflexes to agree to whatever he was saying.
This moment, he could ask me anything and I'd be more then grateful to grant him with it. The Aaron Reynolds I knew back then and the Aaron Reynolds I knew now had a vast difference. I could score really good if I tried distinguishing between.
"Okay", he chuckled, his eyes shined and a small smile took birth on my lips which ceased to stop even when I tried tightening it.
He parted his lips as an attempt to speak "How about one slow dance ? ", he interrogated warming my hands with his.
"Count me in", I smiled ear to ear. I unseated myself from the bed and straightened myself and my dress. It was short. I tried stretching it down so as to get back to my comfort zone. Not that he hadn't seen me semi-naked earlier.
He picked himself up, removed the phone from his sweatpants and turned a slow music on. I chuckled looking at him, "couldn't really do justice without music, right?", he rhetorically questioned.
I nodded my head agreeing to it. The song which played was 'Wanted' by Hunter Hayes. "Knew your obsession over his voice", he slightly winked.
"And, how do you know?" I questioned amazed.
He came closer to me, his hands were interlocked with mine and so were our bodies. He settled his hand on my naked shoulder curling it around my neck. I gasped breathing hard. "Stalked your playlist"
"Didn't know you notice me this much"
"More than you can imagine", he grasped me by my back. My hand automatically rested on his chest. I could feel his heart beating. Our nose touched and none of us broke the eye-contact. Every time he travelled his hands through my naked exposed skin, a shiver ran through my spine creating butterflies along with inevitable pleasure.
If only everything he did in the past was an illusion, or a lie. There's one famous proverb in English, which is, 'Forgive and forget', but it can't be practised as easily as said. Like a broken glass, it leaves it's mark and gives you a reminder whenever you look at it.
Everything that don't makes sense about me, makes sense when I'm with you🎶.
He twirled me around through his right hand. I chuckled as I did the same. I curled both my hands around his neck and swayed my feet in synchronization with the music. Our foreheads collided giving me a quick recap of all the dances we had earlier. Everyone of it was acquainted with a sweet memory.
Cause I wanna wrap you up
Wanna kiss your lips
I wanna make you feel wanted🎶
A quick smile escaped my lips. I didn't know 'how long was forever' but this moment felt like it.
And I wanna call you mine
Wanna hold your hand forever
Never let you forget it
Yeah I wanna make you feel wanted
When the music stopped, I encountered a breathtaking view. I saw him smiling, from ear to ear. This wasn't one of those sarcastic smiles but a heart-warming one. "You should try smiling more often", I complimented.
"Then maybe you should always be by my side", I gasped at his straightforward statement. I looked at him and ceased to look away. His words were real. His eyes were a witness of it. Maybe with this dance, he deserves another chance, a chance of forgiveness.
What always matters is the guilt a person encounters after doing something wrong and I could clearly see the guilt through his actions and his eyes. Without expecting anything from me, he was helping me, safeguarding me with everything he had. My heart was fastened and so was my love for him.
"Miss Waters", he broke the silence as soon as the music ended. I looked at him, precisely in his eyes before uttering another word. It was a different feeling right now. I'd laugh with this sinner then rather laugh with anyone else. 
My world was collapsing because of the dirt of mixed feelings. I cleared my throat and answered "Yes"
###chapter 89
He pushed himself away, away from me. He interlocked our hands whilst keeping his touch, whilst giving me all the feels which could lead to irresistible butterflies. I licked my lower lip as he distanced his lips as an attempt to speak. It felt like he wanted to say something but couldn't.
"What do you want for your birthday", he smiled lightly, his eyes shined as he messily pushed his hair back into a spike. 
I gasped, and answered "The truth", I really wanted to know things. If he couldn't provide me with the answer then I was ready to do everything what it takes to lead me to the path of truth. 
"I wish I could tell you. It isn't as easy to say as it seems, you'll know it someday but that day wouldn't and shouldn't be your birthday", why was it so difficult anyways. 
I wasn't really in a mood to debate so I didn't dig much. "Coffee?" he tried changing the topic into a completely different phase. I nodded meaning a yes. "I'll bring some then", he turned away loosening his grip over my fingers. He turned around making me face his back.
"I'll come along", I strolled slowly behind him towards the kitchen. Oh, my dress and look wasn't really the 'kitchen type of'. If only I could change into my nightdress because the servants threw daggers at me. On resting out feet on the kitchen's floor, he wore the apron. Was he going to make coffee, really?
He poured milk in the machine, added coffee in the basket and pinched on the button. "I'll handle it myself", he directed the cook to leave the kitchen indirectly. He did the same within a couple of minutes. The coffee was ready. Mr. Reynolds didn't really remove the vessel nor the irrelevant apron.
"Have you tried making it earlier?" I interrogated.
His brows were furrowed. He stared at the machine for a while and then gathered his attention completely towards me. "It's ready, I guess", I broke the silence when he ignored my question. I knew that he had no idea how to really make it.
"I know, I do know", he poured the coffee equally into both of our mugs. He propelled the mug towards my direction. I sipped some coffee, it was without sugar plus he poured some extra coffee which made it taste extremely bitter. "How's it?" he interrogated settling his mug on the kitchen's table.
"I love it", I faked a smile and lies. Some lies were better than bitter truths and this was one heck of a bitter truth.
I closed my eyes whilst gulping the whole of the coffee in one sip. The more time I took, the more trouble my taste-buds would encounter. "I knew it", he winked. After taking a sip, he puked that instant. I laughed whilst taking a view of his facial expressions.
"How did you even drink this shit", he emptied the mug's coffee in the sink. I shrugged looking at him, pouted slightly and replied "I really liked it, to be honest", No I wasn't lying. His efforts proved out to be the missing sugar of the coffee.
After coming closer, bridging the gap between us, he grasped the mug and placed it on the table. "You don't really have to drink this", my back rested at the fridge, his body's intimacy towards mine passed sensations in my nerves. I, without any doubt got carried away. 
He, with the tip of his fingers advanced his touch as he gilded them from the back of my fingers till my shoulders. He fixed his hands on my naked shoulders, his thumbs smoothly landed closely towards my collarbones. I gasped, breathing hard. 
When there was no space between our noses, I closed my eyes wanting to feel the moment. I stayed still for a moment, he didn't kiss me. He pecked me slowly on my forehead. I opened my eyes that very instant and smiled. I couldn't control but feel. Feel everything, from butterflies to dragons.
Smirking slightly showing off his dimples, he gave me another peck on my left cheek. My heart raced, my lips hurt from being stretched uncontrollably at his unanticipated actions. He slowly advanced towards my nose and then pecked my chin. "You mean so much to me"
"I do?" I interrogated arching my right brow. A tear rolled through my cheek whilst saying those words. No doubt I had to train them from being so open in front of people, and showcasing me weak.
"I haven't said those words to anyone rather than my mom so of course you do", he picked me up slowly, bridal style.
I curled my hand around his shoulders and rested my head on his chest. This wasn't an illusion, it was real. No dream could be more beautiful than this. Right after he placed me gently on the bed, he surfaced the blanket on my body. He sat closer to me, our fingers intertwined with each others.
"Don't go", I pulled him close through his arms. 
"You should probably sleep. It's almost morning", he gave an assuring smile.
"Don't go", I repeated my words. I wanted him to stay with me. We didn't have forever but it felt like it. He nodded agreeing to my statement. After making space for him, I allowed him to sleep next to me on my bed. He did the same. 
No, we didn't cuddle each other. Some amount of his touch and his presence was enough to satiate my heart. I blinked a several times looking deep in his blue eyes. I could feel him breathing, and also could sense the amazing cologne he wore. His slowly closed his eyes, and in a while was deep asleep. 
I pushed away a lock of his hair from his forehead to have a closer and deeper view of his alluring face. Within moments, I fell asleep. When I woke up Mr. Reynolds was no where around. I slowly opened my eyes and encountered a huge three layered cake next to the table of my bed. 
I woke up instinctively and grasped the note. It read "As promised last night", I gently folded it and rethought about his statement which was 'it would definitely be bigger the following morning', I didn't even remember about it. Who was that man becoming and where did he bury the man I knew. Romance was a seven letter word which had no place in his dictionary. I was falling harder, day by day. 
A quick blush escaped my lips on thoughts of him. I knew Mr. Reynolds wasn't a bad man. My heart just needed one proof in his favor so as to trust him again, love him again.
"Happy birthday", I heard a familiar voice. After tilting my chin up, I saw mom and Samarrah coming towards me slowly. Their hands were full of gifts. I couldn't control but grin at their unexpected meet. 
Things in my life were getting better day by day. I never heard from James since a long time too. As Samarrah marched towards me, I saw something which definitely demanded explanation. She had a small baby bump which meant she and mom lied to me all the time.