

###chapter 1
********
Rejected by her fated mate, Sophia flees into the claws of Titus—a lethal Alpha hiding a shattered past. As dark forces hunt her unique birthmark, they discover she’s the Moon Goddess’s chosen warrior. But salvation demands a price: unleashing powers buried in her blood.
********
Sophia's POV
"Svegliati Sophia it's your birthday!" My little sister says jumping up on me to get up. I curse in Italian that way my sister doesn't understand.
"What time is it Laura," I groan sitting up.
"It's 9:34," she says getting off me and dragging me by your arm. "Mom made you breakfast." That made me jump out of bed. 'Yay I love her breakfast,' my wolf says in my head. 'Me too,' I agree. I walk downstairs while Laura jumps down them.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY," my family wishes me. I turn 18 today and I'm supposed to find my mate.
"So you excited to find your mate?" James, my older brother, smirks. We're three years apart but everyone says we look like twins.
"Of course who isn't," I exclaimed. My wolf jumps in my head at the word 'mate'. We've been excited since we first met each other when I shifted at 15. 'I wonder what he's going to be like. Maybe he's tall. Is he even in the pack?' My wolf started wondering as she paced in my mind.
"Dad is doing pack work with Alpha Ken at the pack house," Mom said. I sigh not surprised. My dad is beta so, he's barely around, and when he does he always sleeps. We live separately from the pack house cause mom wanted privacy from all the other wolves.
"He'll be here for your party and Alpha, Luna, and Terry will be there too," she adds. I internally groan when she says that. He and I used to be friends until other people, wait, everyone in our school wanted to be friends with the 'Alpha's son'. He eventually found a girlfriend and didn't wait for his mate. I feel bad for anyone who's his mate.
"I'm going to go on a run I'll be back in time," I say walking into my room to grab a bag I undress outside stuff my clothes into the bag, and leave it on the porch. Nudity is normal around us wolves it just feels weird in front of my family. I shift into my dark silver wolf and start towards the forest. My wolf went down the path she usually takes. It leads to a pasture where she sometimes meets my friend's wolf.
I get to the pasture and see Maya's wolf sitting there.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY BITCH," she minds links me as her wolf tackles mine. Our wolves mess around for a while as she and I have a conversation in our private mind link. We talk about what I think our mate will be like. For what seems like a short time, it's been a few hours. I look at the sky and see the sun start to set. Maya and I say our goodbyes and we start to head back. I shift back and change before I walk into the house.
"Sophia?" I heard Mom ask from her room.
"Yeah?" I call back grabbing a cookie from the jar and stuffing it into my mouth.
"You have an hour to get ready," she shouts back. I wish she wouldn't shout that much, especially with our sensitive hearing. That was a big problem when James was going through puberty.
I walked into my room and took out the outfit I was going to wear. I didn't put too much makeup on because it always feels cakey on my face. As I was getting ready, there was a knock on the door. I opened it and it was my dad.
"Dad," I smiled hugging him.
"Happy birthday tesoro," he says.
(Sweetheart)
"Are you ready?" He asks waiting for me.
"Yup," I smile and walk with him out the door.
As I walk outside I hear cheers for me. I give a soft laugh of nervousness. I made my rounds with everyone and talked with them. Since I am the Beta's daughter my birthday is a big deal. After a few hours, I caught the scent of a heavenly smell of chocolate mixed with cinnamon. I look around and lock eyes with Terry. My wolf jumps around in my head repeating the one word I didn't want to hear when I look at him.
'Mate,' she says excitedly.
Terry's eyes flashed black with anger then back to his regular eyes. He walks off from Kira, his girlfriend grabs my arm and drags me into my house.
"You are not fit to me my Luna," he spits into my face.
"B-But you my m-mate," I stutter.
"Doesn't matter I have Kira to be by my side when I become Alpha." Before I can say anything, he cuts me off with something that is rarely heard of in the werewolf world.
"I Terry Moore reject you, Sophia Moretti, as my mate and future Luna," he says each word piercing my heart. And with that, he walks off joining back to the party. I felt the connection to my wolf disappear as she whimpered at the fact our mate rejected us. I couldn't handle the pain I was feeling in the pit of my stomach. I looked at the backyard and the front door. The pain was too much for me to handle. I couldn't bear to see him again so I took off out the door into the forest. When I could see the pack border, I mind linking my family.
"I'm leaving for a few days I'll be fine don't worry about me." I make it quick and block my mind link. As I cross the pack border I could feel the ties with the pack break. My wolf whimpers as the ties with my family and friends break away from me. I was now a rogue. I had no plan to come back and face Terry again. I don't want to be under the rule of my mate who rejected me. I don't need a reminder every day knowing no one wants me.
'Mate rejected us,' she cries in my head.
'I know, he's not worth it,' I try to say with confidence but it came out weak.
(Hours later)
I didn't stop running for one minute. My legs were in so much pain that I couldn't feel them anymore.
'I'm sorry,' I whisper to my wolf.
She doesn't respond. In that second, I felt a sharp pain in my abdomen. I collapse and roll into a tree.
'Heat,' my wolf tells me.
'I thought it was going to come later than that,' I say frantically. The pain got worse worse every minute. In the distance, I heard a few howls. Wolves. There was a low growl a few feet away from me. I started to shift back into human from the immense pain.
"Shift," the low voice commanded as I already was shifting.
Alpha Titus' POV
I was contacted by border patrol and they smelled a rogue nearing the border. My wolf starts to stir in my head at the mention of that specific rogue. I contact my beta and gamma to meet me at the border. As I approach, the dark silver wolf wincing laying on their stomach.
"Shift," I command using my Alpha tone while she was already shifting back.
'She smells like you,' I mind linking my Beta, Brody. He gives me a look of confusion.
'Not exactly like you. She just smells like your position in this pack as Beta,' I say clearing up the confusion.
'Maybe she's a daughter of a Beta,' my Gamma chimes in the mind link.
"What pack are you from," I ask forcefully using my Alpha tone again. She tries to say something but it comes out as a mumble. She looked up and when our eyes met her, I heard my wolf repeat a word I thought I'd never hear again.
'Mate'
###chapter 2
Alpha Titus' POV
She looked up and when our eyes met her, I heard my wolf repeat a word I thought I'd never hear again.
'Mate'
I growl when I realize my mate is lying naked and in pain in the dirt while there are unmated wolves around. I take off my shirt and cover her. She flinched whenever my hand touched the skin.
"Are you okay? Are you hurt?" I ask with a kinder tone in my voice.
'What are you doing Titus,' Brody growls.
'Shut up,' I growl back.
My mate winces every few seconds. She held her stomach in pain.
"I'm going to take you to the pack doctor," I whisper to her. She looked panicked when I said that. She started frantically shaking her head. When I look at her eyes again I see the life slowly draining out of them. When she goes limp a different scent washes over her. She's in heat.
"SHE'S IN HEAT," A female wolf on border patrol says.
"Titus we need to get away," My gamma, Jacob, says.
I reluctantly backed away from her.
"Carry her to the pack doctor," I order the same female. She picks her up and starts to run towards the pack doctor. I mind linking Dr. Jones, my doctor, and telling him to watch the rogue. I don't like calling her the rogue but that's what she is to other wolves.
"She-wolves usually don't start heat until they found their mate," Brody says. I growl at the fact that there could be another man involved with her.
"Why are you giving mercy to the rogue?" Brody asks. "Usually you kill them on the spot."
"My wolf says she's my mate," I say slowly barely keeping it above a mumble.
"But now what about-," Jacob starts.
"Brooke? Yeah, I don't know how either," I sigh in confusion.
'Alpha I need permission to sedate her,' I hear Dr. Jones say in the mind link.
'Why do you need to sedate her?' I ask starting to run towards the pack hospital.
'Her heat is more intense than other she-wolves,' she says.
'I'm on my way,' I say then block any further mind links to me. I follow the sweet smell of honeysuckle and apples. I walked into the room and saw my mate with needles and devices connected to her. My wolf whimpers at the sight of our mate in this condition.
"Do I have permission to sedate her for a few days Alpha?" Dr. Jones asks.
"Yes, you do," I say. She injects my mate with a liquid and I see her heartbeat in the monitor even out.
"She'll be sedated for 24 hours. I'll come back to give her another shot in 12 hours."
"Thank you, Doctor," I say then I take a seat on the chair next to the bed.
"With all due respect Alpha, why did you bring a rogue here?" She asks.
"I have my reasons," I reply plainly. I'm known for being the most brutal pack on the continent. I mind linking Brody to bring all the pack work to the hospital. Through the hours I finish up my pack work for the day. I start to fall asleep and I let sleep take me.
---
I wake up to the heart monitor letting out a long beep. I immediately wake up from my rest and jump up. I look at my mate and see that she's awake. I looked at the floor and the device that was once on her finger was now not. I turn off the monitor and move slowly toward my mate.
"I-I'm sorry Alpha for crossing the border without permission," she apologizes.
"Why are you here," I say trying to use a softer tone.
Sophia's POV
"Why are you here," he asks in a low voice.
"Dovevo andare via. Il mio compagno mi ha rifiutato e non posso più stare a guardarlo. Sarà il futuro Alfa e non riesco a vederlo come promemoria," I say in Italian. I do that when I'm nervous and right now is a good time to be nervous.
"Repeat that. But slower and in English," he says pulling the chair up to the hospital bed.
'Why does he smell like strawberries?' I ask my wolf.
'He smells better than mate,' she responds.
"I was um rejected by my mate yesterday, or today, I don't know what day it is. But um he rejected me the moment I looked at him and he will be the future Alpha and I couldn't stand him being there as a reminder that I am unwanted," I say slower. He growls at the last part. He leans his head into the crook of my neck and breathes my scent in. The tingles I felt when he did that made me feel safe and uncomfortable at the same time. I move back away from him and look into his eyes.
"Sorry I didn't mean to do that," he says as a flash of hurt appears in his eyes. It disappears as fast as it appears.
"What pack are you from," he asks.
"Th-the Blue Crescent Wolves," I stutter. I was nervous around him but felt that I was safe also. "What pack am I in?"
"The Scarlet Moon Pack," he says taking pride in it. I yelp at the name of the pack. Alpha Titus was known as the most cruel Alpha on the continent. He kills rogues in sight.
"W-why didn't y-you kill me?" I ask, shocked. He growls but calms down almost immediately. His eyes turn black then into shiny gold letting me know his wolf is out.
"Mate," he says. The word sent shivers down my spine.
"What," I said my face showing I was shocked. "I-I already have a mate."
"He rejected you," his voice booming through the room. It's almost unheard of for the Moon Goddess to give you a second mate.
"You might as well reject us," I sigh. We were unwanted. My wolf whines when I say that but a part of her knew it was a possibility. It broke us when when Terry rejected us we figured we weren't good enough for anyone.
Alpha Titus' eyes went black then back to his sky-blue eyes.
"Why would I reject you," he says his eyes showing hurt.
"Nobody wants me. Your Alpha Titus you need a strong mate one that can help you with pack work," I start.
"What's your family's status?" He cuts me off.
"Beta," I say quickly.
"Don't you have to train in school?" He asks.
"Yes Alpha Titus," I say. "I was top of my class."
"Number one call me just Titus. Number Two if you think I want a strong Luna, you are top of your class, doesn't that make you strong? You are beautiful and I couldn't ask anything more for a mate," he says. I was speechless I don't know what to say. No one has ever touched my heart more than he just did.
"You can stay in my pack until you decide what you want to do," he offers. My wolf jumps in my head at the thought of our mate and us staying close together.
"Thank you," I say accepting his offer.
###chapter 3
Sophia's POV
"When can she leave?" Alpha Titus asks the doctor. I think her name is Dr. Jones.
"After you sign this paperwork," she says handing him a clipboard and a pen. He scans through the papers and doesn't write anything.
"What's your name, Angel?" He asks. I realize that I only know his name because he's the strongest Alpha but he doesn't know mine. My wolf jumped in my head when he called us Angel.
"Sophia Moretti," I say. He writes a few things down on the pages. Then asks about my age and then my birth parents' names. He hands Dr. Jones back the clipboard then lets us leave.
"The packed house is down this pathway," he points out. "But our house is further down."
"I'm staying with you?" I ask in surprise. "I can stay in the pack house, I don't mind." He growls when I say that.
"Mine," he growls.
"I was just offering I don't want to be in the way," I say trying to calm his wolf down
"No you're mine you stay with me."
"I can stay with you too," I say as we continue walking toward his house. His eyes flash back to his blue eyes.
"So do you have any siblings?" I ask.
"Yeah, a brother. He's two years younger than me. You?"
"I have a sister named Laura and a brother named James. James is 21 and Laura is 5," I explain. The age difference is a common thing around wolves so, the 13-year age difference isn't a big deal.
"Does your brother have a mate?" He asks.
"No, we suspect she's in a different pack," I say. I felt comfortable talking with him. I usually don't around people I don't know. As we passed the pack house, there was a house a little bit smaller than the pack house but looked more expensive. I scanned the house looking for one thing, a garden. In the front, there were flower beds surrounding the side of the house.
"You have a garden!" I smile looking at him. He laughs and nods. I feel the blood rushing to my face in embarrassment and I look away.
"My mom used to care for the flowers then she got into cooking. You can use the garden for whatever you like," he says.
"Really?" I said getting excited.
"Yeah feel free to do anything." I smile and think of all the things I could do. Alpha Titus opened the door and the interior was beautiful. I gasp in shock. I looked up and the carvings on the ceiling were intricate.
"I had this house made a few years ago," He says continuing to walk up the stairs.
"Alpha Titus it's beautiful," I compliment.
He growls, "Don't call me Alpha just Titus. We are equals as mates."
"S-Sorry Alp- Titus," I correct myself. He took a deep breath and calmed himself down. He walked down a hallway and into a room. When we walked in, Titus' scent was clear in this room.
'This is his room,' I tell my wolf.
"This is my room. You can stay in here or in a guest room," he says. I look around the room and my eyes land on a picture. I walk to the table it was on and look at it. There was a beautiful redhead girl with perfect blue eyes. I heard Titus say something but I wasn't listening. My only thought was that she was his girlfriend or wife. My wolf whimpers at the thought of our mate having a relationship.
"That's my first mate, Brooke," He says breaking me from my thoughts.
"I met her a few years ago. She was human. I met her the day she died." Apart from me felt happy that he wasn't with anyone else but also sad that he had to go through that.
"She was in a car crash with her boyfriend. I was in the streets coming back from a rogue in the border and there was a large crash. My wolf pushed me to go check it out and I saw my mate bloody and cut up from the impact. There was a strong smell of alcohol. I became depressed for a few months then Brody, my beta, pulled me out of it. He would do things to distract me like sparring with me to get my anger out."
"I'm sorry," I whisper feeling bad that he had to tell me.
"It's okay," he says putting his hand on my cheek. I look up at him and smile. I felt safe with him. I didn't want to go back to my pack. I want to stay here.
"Can I stay in a guest room for now?" I ask.
"Whatever you want angel," he smiles. No one calls me pet names except Dad but the only thing he calls me is sweetheart. He leads me to a room right across from his.
"My room is right across from yours if you need anything," he says.
"I don't have any clothes," I whisper.
"I can get one of my omegas to buy you some I just need you to write your sizes down," he says.
"Okay, I'll do it later. What time is it?" I ask.
"9:47 PM are you hungry?" He asks me.
"Kind off," I say fiddling with my fingers. He nods his head and leads me to the kitchen. He opened the fridge and it was packed with all sorts of things.
"Do you want pasta?" He asks looking in the fridge.
"Sure," I say sitting down on the barstool on the island. He started making pasta and talking to me.
"What do you want to ask me?" he asks.
"Are the stories true?" I ask immediately. The stories of Alpha Titus torturing his pack and any trespassers. He overworked his warriors and elite wolves. The Scarlet Pack torture chambers. These stories are told to us when we are small to teach us not to run away and get caught by them. Look where I am now.
"Most of them. About the torture chambers meant for traitors and rogues. But, I don't starve and torture my pack. I'd risk my life for them. I care for my pack but other packs can't know that. They would take advantage of that."
"Where did you get that scar?" I ask pointing at his arm. There was a large line down his left arm.
"I got this when the Yellow Crescent pack attached when my dad was Alpha," he says continuing to make the pasta.
"When you were 16?" I gasp.
"Yeah," he says lowly. The story of his dad was known throughout the world. He was one of the greatest Alphas to ever live. He died protecting Luna Kate, Titus' mom.
"Alpha Kade used a silver knife and dragged it down my arm," he explains.
"He used silver against his own wolves?" I say shocked. The details of the pack war were private to other packs.
"Yeah I killed him though for what he did to my Dad," he says pouring the sauce and pasta in two plates. He grabbed forks and cheese and sat down next to me. I grabbed a handful of cheese poured it on my pasta and took a bite.
"This is so good," I moan.
"I'm glad you like it," he laughs.
---
"I don't have anything to sleep in," I say. I had been wearing an omegas clothes for the day.
"Here," Titus says taking off his shirt and tossing it to me.
'I smell like him,' my wolf says. I slip it on and it stopped at my knees.
"I'll be across the hall if you need anything," he says. "Goodnight," he whispers and leaves. I got in bed and off the lights and immediately fell asleep.
---
Flashback
Day 2
I was in silver handcuffs hung up on the wall.
"Why isn't the silver or wolfsbane not working on her," someone growls.
"Look at her birthmark it's protecting her," another mystery voice says. I had a birthmark on my shoulder in the shape of a crescent moon. I thought it was because I am in the Blue Crescent Wolves.
"We need to get rid of it," I heard the first voice growl. Then there was a loud bang.
End of Flashback

I woke up to a piercing scream. Then I realized it was mine. My breathing was heavy and there was sweat down my face. The door flung open and Titus came running to me.
"Are you okay are you hurt?" He says looking me up and down.
"I had a nightmare," I said tears streaming down my face.
"Shh it's okay," he says putting my head in the crook of his neck. He puts one hand on my head and one on my back.
"It's okay just breathe," he says. I take a deep breath. Titus' scent calms my wolf and me down.
"I'm okay," I choke out between cries trying to pull away.
"Don't," he says to get me to stop moving. He holds me until I control my tears. His hold was comforting enough to make me fall asleep again.
Titus Stone's POV
I heard Sophia's heartbeat even out letting me know she was asleep. My wolf loves the fact that our mate fell asleep in our arms. I slowly picked her up bridal style and brought her over to my room. I gently laid her on the bed. I turn off the lamp and lay next to her. She starts to stir but I put my arm around her waist. She started to return to her sleep.
"Goodnight Angel," I whisper. The Moon Goddess blessed us both with second chance mates. I couldn't ask for a better one. I kiss her temple and fall asleep.
###chapter 4
Sophia's POV
I woke up in a familiar room but not the one I fell asleep in. The memories came flooding back from last night. I was in Titus' room. I looked over my shoulder and no one was there. I felt the spot where the blanket wasn't covering. It was warm. Someone was just on there. My guess is Titus. The bathroom door swings open and he walks out.
"I have pack work today I won't be back till later tonight. Stay in the house. The mind link me to Brody if you need anything. There are two guards in the front and two in the back," he says distantly. My wolf notices and lightly whines. Does he realize I'm not in his pack? I can't mind the link.
'We just met him yesterday, don't be quick to judge,' I remind her.
"I will send a maid to help you with your needs," he says then walks out.
I sigh. I thought he would be nicer today. Maybe it's because of my outburst last night. Maybe he doesn't want me anymore like Terry didn't. My wolf let out a soft whine. I walk towards the kitchen and open the fridge. I take out the bottle of orange juice and pour a glass. I walk around the large alpha's house. I come across a room with double doors. I cautiously open the door and it opens up to a beautiful library. Some shelves lined the walls. It looked right out of the Beauty and the Beast library. There were sections for every genre. I walk around observing the books still sipping my orange juice. There were old and fairly new books.
'I wonder if he has Harry Potter?' I ask my wolf. I didn't get a response from her. I think she was still sad about Terry and Titus. I sighed and realized that I was lonely now that my wolf was hiding somewhere.
"Luna?" I heard from behind me. I jump almost slipping my orange juice. I turn around and see an only lady standing there.
"I'm sorry Luna I, didn't mean to scare you," she apologizes.
"Are you the maid Titus sent for?" I ask politely.
"Yes Luna," she nods.
"Don't call me Luna. My name is Sophia," I smile.
"Yes Lu-Sophia," she quickly fixes herself. She looked around 50 but had a motherly feeling about her.
"What's your name," I ask taking another sip of my drink.
"Charlotte Montgomery, Lu-Sophia," she corrects herself again.
"You're Brody's mom?" I asked surprised.
"Yes ma'am," she says. It felt weird that a grownup was using formalities with me.
"You don't need to be that formal with me you're older than me it feels weird."
She nods, "Are you hungry?" Leading me out of the kitchen. I notice some art hanging on the wall I didn't notice at first while walking down here.
"Yes I'm starving," I laugh.
"Would you like pancakes?" She asks looking in the pantry. I think if I want pancakes or not.
Flashback
"SOPHIA GET YO ASS DOWN HERE," I hear James' voice from downstairs. I wince since my sensitive hearing was not helpful in this situation.
"Young man Language," I hear my mom from downstairs. I snicker a little and start walking downstairs.
"I heard Soph," James says. I roll my eyes and walk into the kitchen.
"Here take your pancake," he says as a piece of food comes flying towards my head.
"James!" My mom and I shout at him. We all burst into laughter. My mom sighs, "What am I going to do with y'all?"
I pick the pancake off the floor and hurl it back at James.
End of Flashback
"Sophia?" I heard a voice snap me back from the memory.
"Huh? Oh yeah Pancakes are fine," I tell Charlotte. She gives a soft smile and starts making the batter.
"Can you put Nutella in the middle?" I ask watching her.
"Sure," she says taking the Nutella off the counter. She starts to pour the batter in the pan and puts some Nutella in the center than flips it. After doing it three more times, she puts them on the plate and put blueberries on top and hands them to me. She grabs the bottle of syrup and places it next to the plate.
"Thank you, Charlotte," I say pouring the syrup on top of my pancakes. I started to eat and noticed Charlotte wasn't eating.
"Are you going to eat?" I ask her.
"I eat at the pack house. It's still early for me," she explains.
"Are you sure? You can eat here," I offer. I felt bad eating in front of her. She made me food but she hasn't eaten any yet.
"I'm sure Lu-Sophia," she smiles. I felt comfortable around her. She had the feeling my mom gave off. I heard the front door close from the other side of the house. Perks of werewolf hearing. I smelt a strong familiar scent come closer.
"Sophia?" I hear. Brody's voice.
"I'm in the kitchen," I reply to him. I hear his footsteps approach the kitchen.
"Hey Mom," he greets Charlotte and hugs her.
"I just wanted to check up on you," he says facing me. He said HE wanted to check up on me but a part of me felt like Titus sent him here. Brody is a Beta. He doesn't have time to just randomly check up on people. I know that there are reports of rogue attacks. My dad told me a few days ago about them. He talks about endless paperwork. The Scarlet Moon Pack probably has more paperwork than Blue Crescent.
"Can I call you Soph because Sophia is long and tiring to say," he laughs making an excuse to call me Soph. He had a big brother feeling towards him like James.
"Sure," I laugh rolling his eyes.
"I'm going to steal Soph from you for a few," Brody says waving for me to follow him. I shove the last bite of my pancake in my mouth get up and follow him. We come to a room that looks like a lounge room.
"Do you want to play 20 questions?" He asks. I looked at him with a dumbfounded look. He looked at me back with seriousness plastered on his face.
Brody's POV
'What are y'all doing now?' Titus asks in our mind link. Soph looks at me with pure confusion.
'I don't see why you can't just do this yourself she's your mate,' I sigh back to him. 'She's confused.'
"Don't you have a lot of paperwork?" She asks. I actually do but Titus told me to find out information. Apparently he can't get close to her. A threat from the rogues.
"You should watch out for your mate. The
more you know the more she'll suffer for.
your decisions. She already dealt with it once. We miss her scent near us. You don't want it to happen again. Watch your back."

There was no signature no context. We assumed it was rogues but it could be her old pack. We've heard from other packs that her old pack has been calling around to see if she stumbled into their pack. We still haven't gotten a call but I think they're going to call us last. We're known to not let anyone into our pack. Titus is already protective over her that he will go as far as to ignore her for her sake. I told him he was stupid but he won't listen.
"Yeah, but I want to get to know the future Luna," I smirk. I know Titus hasn't talked to her about that yet but almost all of the pack knows already. Titus made a big announcement about how unmatted males were to stay away from her. That was also stupid because she's not allowed to leave this house.
"Okay," she said suspiciously. "What's your favorite color?"
"Red." "What's your favorite food?" I ask.
"Spaghetti," she smiles. I'm
'Is she talking?' Titus asks.
'Yes now stop pestering me I'm doing this for you,' I say then block my mind link. I didn't mind talking to Soph. She seems like a person I could become great friends with.
"Um...Have you found your mate?" She asks.
"No, she hasn't shown up yet," I smile. I haven't been looking for her if she shows up she shows up. I don't mind waiting.
"Do you have any siblings?"
"Yeah, a Brother and a sister. James is 21 and Laura is 5," she says pointing at her fingers.
"Wait, James Moretti?" I asked. I swear that name sounded so familiar. James? Oh from Beta camp. He was a strong one.
"Yeah?" She said confirming my thoughts.
"I went to Beta camp with him," I say.
"Really?" She said getting excited. "Are you the Brody Montgomery he was always talking about?"
"I wouldn't be surprised," I laugh.
"Oh he told me all the stories of how y'all pranked everyone," she laughs.
"Did he tell you about the prank with the oil and feathers?" I laugh remembering that prank.
"Yes," she laughs. And we stay like that laughing talking about the old days.
###chapter 5
Sophia's POV 

I wake up in another cold sweat and tears down my face. The only difference from last time is that Titus didn't come and comfort me. I sit up and try to calm myself down. I try to do those breathing exercises my family always tries to get me to do. My breathing began to become shorter and choppier. The back of my throat became dry so I got up still trying to calm myself down. I walk outside, my vision still blurry from just waking up so suddenly, and pour myself a cup of water. I gulp it down and it helps my breathing a bit. I walk to the front door and see a guard. "Can you ask Beta Brody to come here?" I ask through hiccups. He nods silently. He looks like he blanked into space which let me know he was using mind-link. Minutes later the doors open and Brody walks in. He looks like he just woke up. "Are you okay Soph," He says looking at me. "N-no," I hiccup. I wrap my arms around his body but he doesn't do it back. "Soph Titus won't be happy if my scent is on you," he says cautiously. "Well, he isn't here to calm me down," I snap back immediately regretting it. "I'm sorry if I woke you," I whisper. "It's okay," he says wrapping his hands around me. I try to back away knowing Titus will be happy. "Titus won't be happy," I mumble. "I stay here till you fall asleep," he says. We walk back to my room in silence. My breathing was turning back to normal. I wiped the stray tears on my cheek away and climbed into my bed. "Thank you," I whisper to Brody. He sat on the armchair in the corner and smiled. I started to drift into sleep but it was interrupted by a loud crash. My door flung open almost flying off the hinges. "Why is your scent on my mate," His voice booms through my room. "You idiot! You hear her crying uncontrollably and do nothing so obviously I'm going to do something. She was just about to fall asleep but you dumbass couldn't wait could you. You claim she's your mate but this is probably the first time she's seen your face today. You ignore her and all she is probably so confused but you give no explanation," Brody says mad. Titus' eyes became black letting us know his wolf was out. "Stay away from my mate," His low voice says. "No. She needs help and obviously, you aren't giving it to her. She has panic attacks at night and you can't even help her. As her mate, you need to comfort her but you're afraid," he says. Titus' gaze makes it to my eyes and his features soften but go back when he looks back at Brody. "You're not her mate so why are you here?" He says his low voice getting louder. Brody doesn't look afraid. I don't know why he was protecting me I've known him for two days. "You should be thanking me. You would have to deal with her crying all night and sit in your room not doing anything." Am I a burden to them? Maybe I should leave I'm already causing problems. "If you're not going to protect her...I will," Brody says. It set Titus' wolf off he clenched his fists and swung. "STOP," I screamed. Titus' fist stopped a few centimeters in front of Brody's face. Titus' eyes went back to his sky-blue eyes. He looked at me and just realized what he was about to do in front of me. He abruptly left and slammed the door closed. Brody looks at me with sorry in his eyes. "I'm sorry for that," he apologizes. "It's okay you were just sticking up for me. Why?" I ask. "You're like a sister to me now. I've known you for. What? Two days? But I feel like I've known you for months." I give a light smile to him. "Whoever your mate is, they're going to be lucky," I tell him. He smiles and nods. I lay back down and snuggled into my blanket. "Goodnight," He whispers. "Goodnight," I whisper back. And finally sleep took me. --- Flashback Day 9 "I wish I could make you mine," the man whispered in my ear. He poked my birthmark with a silver knife. I flinch waiting for the burn. When we're young, parents teach us to stay away from silver because it's dangerous to our kind. The tip of the blade broke my skin but it didn't burn like it was supposed to. It felt like a needle-breaking skin. "SHE DIDN'T EVEN FLINCH," He said throwing the knife at the wall. "Sir she's immune we already know that," an unknown voice said. I've heard him before but I've never seen him. "GET THE MARK OF OFF HER," the man in front of me yelled at him. He punched the wall which caused him to put a hole in the wall. He let out a deep growl and stormed out of the cell they kept me in. The mystery man came out of the shadow and picked the silver knife off the ground. He came up to me and dug the knife into my shoulder. I let out a blood-curdling scream as he dug out a chunk of my skin. Blood rolled down my shoulder. "We'll see if it's gone by the time it heals," he mumbles. He uncuffs me from the wall and walked out. He looks at the cell and walks out. I wipe the blood off my shoulder. It soaks into my torn-up shirt. --- I woke up to someone tapping my shoulder. I gasp and sit up quickly. I look around my room and see Charlotte standing at the side of my bed. "I'm sorry if I startled you, Sophia," she apologizes. "It's okay," I said steadying my breathing. She walks over and opens the curtains. I saw that it blocked a door that led to a balcony that I hadn't noticed before. "Would you like breakfast?" She asked. I threw the blanket off of me and shook my head 'No'. "Can I just have a cup of orange juice?" I ask. "Of course. I'll get that right away," she says and leaves. I stand up and stretch. I walked into the bathroom and brushed my teeth. I walked into the closet and it was filled. There was a note on the mirror hanging from the door. Enjoy your new clothes -Titius I ripped it off the mirror and threw it into the trash. I was pretty pissed at what happened last night. My wolf disappeared somewhere in the back of my mind she was also upset. I walked around and looked at all the clothes that were on the shelves and drawers. From formal wear to comfortable clothes, there was everything. Read me to pay them back. I made a mental note. I grab a pair of sweatpants off the 2nd shelf and a loose shirt. I pull my hair into a messy bun and make my way to the kitchen. I take a seat on the barstool and see a glass of orange juice waiting. "Thanks, Charlotte," I smile at her. "You're welcome. If you don't mind Sophia I need to get to my duties at the pack house. Gamma Jacob should be here soon to watch you," she says cleaning up the rest of the dishes. "Go ahead I'll be fine," I say getting up from my seat. I hear the front door shut closed and I head to the Library. I scan the book titles one by one. There were so many books I didn't know how to choose. I see a book that interests me. Mythology: Wolves. "I've read that twice," I hear a voice say behind me. I let out a shriek and jumped backward. "Woah careful there," the voice says grabbing onto my shoulders. I focus my gaze on a blonde in front of me. The Gamma. "I'm sorry Luna I didn't mean to startle you," the Gamma apologizes. "It's okay and call me Sophia, please. I'm not used to the title yet," I nervously chuckle. "Alright, Sophia. My name is Jacob by the way," he introduces himself. We sit down on the library seats and start talking. "So what's your story," he asks. I take a sip of my orange juice. "My story?" I was confused "Yeah like what happened in your life. You smell like a rouge," he says sniffing the air. I explain everything from Terry to now. It was hard to keep my emotions but I did it. "Wow you've been through quite a lot Sophia," he says. "Yeah a lot," I mumble. It's been a hell of a week.
###chapter 6
Sophia's POV
"So what's your story? How did you become gamma of the most powerful pack in the continent?" I ask Jacob.
"Well I grew up with Titus and Brody. Our moms were friends and we were inseparable. As we grew older nothing changed and when Alpha Derek died we helped him get through it," He explains.
"Have you found your mate yet?" I ask. When I mention mate his eyes soften.
"I had a mate. I mean I still do but she left me for someone else. They're in Europe now traveling their world," He says. "As long as she's happy then that's all I need to know to keep my wolf at bay."
"But she's your mate doesn't it hurt you and your wolf that she's with another man?" I ask. It's strange that he's happy for her knowing she's not with him.
"When I turned 18 I wanted to find my mate and make her happy. If that means that I have to let her go with someone else and she's happy I'm okay with that. Maybe I'll find someone else someday," He sighs. I want him to. He would treat her well and take care of her.
"So Sophie what do you want to do?" He ask leaning back in his chair.
"Am I allowed outside of the pack house?" I ask. I know that Titis doesn't want me outside because he doesn't want unmatted males looking at me even though his house was separated from the others.

"No from Titus' orders," he says. "Sorry."
"It's fine," I sigh.
"What did you want to do?" He asks.
"I wanted to use the garden that surrounds this house," I say. When I first got here, he said thatI could use it.
"Give me a second let me ask him." He looks like he spaced out so I assumed he mind linked him.
'Mates wolf is calling for us,' my wolf suddenly says.
'Wait Titus?,' I ask her.
'No Terry,' she says. I was shocked. He didn't want us when we left and I'm pretty sure he doesn't want us still. He had Kira but I think his wolf still knows who his mate really is. I haven't really given much thought to him.
'Tell him to back off,' I said deciding my response.
'I already did,' she says. There were snaps in front of my face that snapped me out of my conversation with my wolf.
"Titus said that you can go out into the garden with my supervision," He informs me. I give him a big smile and immediately stand up.
---
I walk back into Titus' house sweaty and tired from all the work I did.
"I'm going to take a shower real quick," I tell Jacob.
"Okay. What would you like for dinner?" He asks before I get into my room.
"Surprise me," I say then lock myself in my room. I sigh and fling myself on my bed. I spent the day pulling weeds out of the garden and putting fresh dirt for flowers I want to plant. I grab a towel from the top shelf of the rack in my bathroom and take a nice hot bath.
I walk out and take a pair of short shorts and a loose tank top. I quickly braid my damp hair and walk out of my room. The aroma of chicken and carrots fills the kitchen.
"I made chicken soup," Jacob says when he feels my presence. I walk up to the island and sit on the bar stool.
"Do you need help with anything?" I ask. I get up from my seat and walk to the fridge. He looks like he spaced out so I assumed he mind linked him.
'Mates wolf is calling for us,' my wolf suddenly says.
'Wait Titus?,' I ask her.
'No Terry,' she says. I was shocked. He didn't want us when we left and I'm pretty sure he doesn't want us still. He had Kira but I think his wolf still knows who his mate is. I haven't really given much thought to him.
'Tell him to back off,' I said deciding my response.
'I already did,' she says. There were snaps in front of my face that snapped me out of my conversation with my wolf.
"Titus said that you can go out into the garden with my supervision," He informs me. I give him a big smile and immediately stand up. 
"Yeah can you bring out the bowls out of the cabinet please?" He asks. I take the orange juice out and place it on the counter. I walk over to the cabinet and stand on my toes to reach the bowls. I grab two spoons and lay them out beside the pot he was making the soup in.
"Here," I said pushing it towards him. He smiled in thanks and poured the soup into the bowls. He handed me the first one and I set it on the counter. I took out a glass and poured two glasses of orange juice on for Jacob and I. I sit back down and start eating. After he poured his soup he sat down next to me.
"Do you think Titus hates me?" I ask him. The last time he spoke directly spoke to me was when he was leaving the other morning.
"Why would you think that?" He says shocked.
"The last time he talked to me he sounded pissed off at me and he hasn't said a word to me since," I said all in one breath. After, I took in a deep breath. I had built up anger these two days because of all of the things happening.
"Give him time. He has a lot on his plate and now that he found his second chance mate 4 years after the death of his first one," he says taking a sip out of his cup.


I heard a knock on the door as I was reading Harry Potter in my room. My heart sped up. Maybe it was Titus? His familiar sweet scent wasn't there.
"Sophie?" I heard Jacob's voice call out from outside the door. I sigh and put a piece of paper as my bookmark in my book and push myself off the bed. I open the door and meet his face. off," he lightly smiles. I nod and give him a quick side hug. All of a sudden I hear a low and deep growl from behind us. I turned my head and see Titus. My heart skips a beat but then it goes back to normal and my face is replaced by a scowl on my face.
"Don't you dare get jealous," I growl back. "How DARE YOU you haven't said a word to me since that day you left for your Alpha duties. You've made me feel like crap since then. You can't even look at me right now," I said throwing my hands in the air. I was on the verge of crying I tried to hold it in but I couldn't. I'm emotionally and mentally drained from these past few days and couldn't handle it anymore. I stormed my way to my room and slammed my door.
"Great going man," I heard Jacob say to Titus using my werewolf hearing.
"Whatever just go run the border with Brody," I heard Titus sigh then slam his door.
After a few hours of trying to sleep I decided to go on a walk to clear my mind.
Gamma Jacob's POV
I run with Brody by my side along the border of the pack.
'Alpha, Beta, and Gamma a rogue is wandering around the wolves,' one of the warrior's voices says through our mind link.
'Kill them. Why do you need to ask me?' Titus' voice says back. He sounded annoyed.
'Sorry Alpha,' he apologizes and closing the mind link.
'Go find the rogue now,' my wolf pushes. I was about to ask why but then he took over and immediately went into the woods looking for her. Within the first few minutes, I saw the warrior and saw Sophia. I saw him creep closer to her going for her neck even though she's in human form. I let out a loud growl and jumped at the warrior.
'Back down now,' I growl when I have his attention.
'Why she's a rouge,' he talked back.
'She's your future Luna,' I said and then he submitted. I left him and shifted back. I was about to go up to her but I stopped when I saw Titus. I looked to the side and saw his house in the distance. He must of saw whaat was happening.
"Are you okay?" He asks her looking for injuries.
"I'm fine," she says shoving him away. She dusts her clothes off and starts to walk back to his house.
"You wont get near my mate unless you have clothes on," Titus says then walks off.
"Titus should be here soon so I'm going to take.
###chapter 7
Sophia's POV
I storm my way back into the Alpha's house mumbling under my breath the whole way.
"Fottuto pezzo di merda. Non avrei mai dovuto venire a questo pacchetto. (Fucking piece of shit. I should have never come to this pack)," I mumble under my breath. I was perfectly fine by myself and he just had to butt in.
"Sophia get back here now," I heard Titus yell at me. I turned around and stopped.
"Have you gotten it through your thick head that you've decided to stop acting like a dick and realize that no matter what you try that the stupid mate pulls will still bring us together? Mates are supposed to take care of each other and while I'm having a panic attack in the other room you don't even think about coming to calm me down. I had to call Brody and you got jealous of him. You should be glad or you would have to deal with me for hours crying. Do you even know what happens when I have those dreams?" He stays silent.
"I don't know why you decided to act like you cared for me the first day you met me then decided that I wasn't worth your time. I'll leave tomorrow and won't be in your way anymore," I say turning around. I felt something grab my arm and turn me around. I was slammed into Titus' chest. His intoxicating scent filled my nose his hand crept up to my cheek and the other hand on my back keeping me in place. He brought my face to his. Our lips brushed over. My heartbeat started to speed up and my breathing became uneven. He closed the gap and I froze for a few seconds. I was stunned. After I came to my senses, I started to kiss back. I started to stand on my toes feeling the need to deepen the kiss. Stupid mate pull. Both of his hands were on my waist. My hands wandered from his back and ended in his hair. He licked my bottom lip asking for entrance. I keep my mouth shut not letting him enter. He lets out a low grumble. I felt his canines start to grow. He bit my bottom lip as I felt my back hit something. I assumed it was a tree. He moved from my lips to my jawline. He traveled to my neck and then rested on the area between my neck and shoulder where my mark was supposed to go. I tried to hold in my moan. I didn't want him to know I was in pleasure. I felt his canines brush the spot. I heard someone cough behind Titus. We both pushed away breathlessly. He leans his forehead into mine as we continue to catch our breath.
"I'm sorry for being a dick to you," he apologizes. After about a minute he looks behind to see who interrupted us.
"Alpha there's a pack of about 17 rouges at the west border," the warrior said. Titus sighed and started to walk away.
"I'll send Brody over to make sure you made it back to the house," he said before he left with the warrior. I let out a sigh walk back into his house and go straight to the pantry. My wolf was grinning from ear to ear. I take out the Oreos and start eating. I heard the front door open and smelled Brody.
"Soph?" I heard him call out. I quickly hid behind the pillar in the hallway and saw Brody. He probably smelt me but didn't know where I was. As he walked down the hallway I waited for her to walk right in front of where I was hiding and I jumped out and screamed.
"Oh my god soph!" He said putting her hand over his heart.
"Hah, I got you. You're a baby," I laugh and clap my hands. I skip down the rest of the hallway with a grin on my face. I felt hands wrap around my waist and my feet were no longer on the floor.
"Brody put me down," I squeal.
"Nope. You have to say that I'm the most manliest man you've ever met," he says.
"Then I would be lying to you," I laugh.
"Then I'm not putting you down," He says holding me up still. I take my leg and kick where the sun doesn't shine. He lets out a groan and drops me. I took this chance and went up behind him and kicked his leg causing him to drop down on one knee. I put him in a headlock and he starts tapping the ground.
"Okay okay I surrender," he laughs. I let go of him rolled onto the ground and lay there.
"Dang soph, where did you learn to fight?" He says rolling onto the ground next to me.
"Well, I went to the same beta camp you did just a year later so you should technically be able to beat me considering you are beta of the strongest pack in America and I'm just one in training," I say matter of factly.
"Well smarty pants you kicked me in no-no spot and caught me off guard," He said sitting up.
"The first thing we learn in Beta camp is to never be caught off guard," I tell him sitting up also.
"Whatever," he said rolling his eyes. He stood up and helped me up.
"One day, when you're not caught off guard, I want to fight you and I'll beat your ass anyway," I smirk.
"You wish," he said rolling his eyes.
"Just watch," I said confidently.
"We'll find a day but now it's 3:46 Am and you need to sleep because Titus will kill me if you're not in bed when he comes home," he laughs.
"Alright," I say walking to my room. I sigh climb into bed and turn my lamp off. There was still light in my group. I turn to the source and I see Brody leaning on the door frame looking at me.
"Creep," I laugh.
He gives me a light smile, "Goodnight Soph." He closes the door and I slowly drift off into sleep.
Flashback
When Sophie gets captured
9 days before the last flashback
"Come on Sophia," Maya says dragging me towards our spot.
"What do you want," I groan. She sits in the little clearing and I sit across from her.
"Well I have to tell you my plans for my sweet 16," she says raising her eyebrows.
"Oh yeah!" I exclaim.
"You forgot?" She asked shocked.
"I would never," I say. We both laugh and continue talking. In the distance, I heard the siren go off telling rouges were approaching our territory.
"We should get going," Maya says getting up. I get up too and we start walking and I look back.
"I dropped my phone give me a sec," I said running back. I bent down to grab it and suddenly I couldn't see. I felt the bag over my head tighten and I let out a scream. I felt the wind rush by me and I was thrown onto something hard. The ground under me started to shake. I felt my arms pulled behind me and cuffed. The sack was pulled off my face. My hair fell on my face and someone pushed it back.
"Hello, Sophia it's a pleasure to finally meet you," the guy in front of me smirks.
End of Flashback
I sit up and let in a sharp breath.
"Sophie are you okay," I heard someone say. I almost screamed but I realized it was Titus. The lamp was on and Titus had only a towel around his waist and his hair was messed up cutely. My wolf wolf let out an approving purr that I wish she didn't. I feel the blood rushing to my face and I look away. He didn't notice and continued on the next thing.
"Did you have another nightmare?" He asks worried. I nod slightly.
"Wait...why are you in here?" I ask realizing that this isn't his room.
"I thought I'd stay in here just in case you had another nightmare," he says walking back into the bathroom. He comes back out in sweatpants and still has no shirt.
"Why were you ignoring me?" I ask quietly. He heard me though using his werewolf hearing.
"I have gained a lot of enemies the few years I've been alive and I have more enemies than allies and if people know that I have a mate now, they're going to go after you," he says sitting down on the edge of my bed. "A threat has already been made against you."
"By who?" I asked shocked. How do people already know?
"Rouges," he says. I take a sharp breath. Were they the same ones from when I got captured? What if they find me?
"What are your nightmares about?" He asks changing the subject. I yawn.
"I'll tell you another day not right now," I say lying down.
"Alright, but you promise to tell me?" He asks.
"I promise," I say still looking at him. He turns off the lamp and gets under the covers with me.
"Goodnight Sophia," he whispers and kisses my forehead gently. He puts his arm around my waist and pulls me towards him. I snuggle into his chest and let sleep come to me. It was one of the rare times I didn't have any nightmares in my sleep.
###chapter 8
Sophia's POV
The bright light peeked through the curtains waking me up. I groan and try to turn the other way but I couldn't move. I looked down and saw Titus' arms wrapped securely around my waist. I accepted defeat and just shielded my eyes by hiding my face in his chest. He shifted a little but then relaxed. His scent was intoxicating to my nose but it relaxed me. I started to fall asleep again but then Titus sighed and tensed up again. He was awake now. Then, I realized that my bladder was full.
"Titus," I whisper as I poke his face. He groans and turns his body bringing me with him. I let out a squeal and landed on top of him.
"You're not helping my bladder," I groan. He lets me go with a smile on his face. I mumbled thanks and quickly went to the bathroom. I walk back out and sink into the bed.
"Do you have Alpha work today?" I ask him when I get comfortable in the blanket.
"Unfortunately," he says setting his phone down. I let out a groan and lay face down on my pillow and put my arm under it.
"I'll send Brody over to watch you," he said. I felt the bed rise as he got off.
"What about Charlotte? Will she be coming today?" I ask. I take my face off the pillow and look at where Titus is standing.
"She has a job at the pack house today watching the pups at daycare," he says.
"Doesn't Brody have his Beta duties today too?" I ask sitting back up on the bed.
"Yes, but I still need someone to watch you." He walks into my closet for a few minutes and comes out in a suit.
"Um, how did you get that out of my closet?" I asked very confused.
"Well I put some of my clothes in here just in case," he explained. "I have to leave now but I'll promise I'll be back early tonight," he says. He kissed my cheek and left. I felt my wolf try to push her way out. She was restless from not being able to have a release.
'I know you wanna shift but you have to wait a little bit more. We are still considered a rouge and if someone sees us they'll attack,' I said trying to convince her.
'We can take them we're strong enough,' she answers back.
'Yes but we can't attack Titus' pack," I said matter of factly. As much as I would like her to go on a run, we can't risk being found.
"Soph I'm coming and you better not fucking scare me," I heard Brody yell.
"I'm in my room but get ready I can always do a sneak attack," I yell back to him. I walk into my closet and lock the door. I scanned my wardrobe and decided on a blue crop top and a pair of white jeans. I put on my fuzzy socks and then heard the bedroom door open. I walk out and see Brody looking in the room.
"Well I was thinking we were gonna go to the woods but you dressed so nicely today. I would hate to ruin it," he says sarcastically. My wolf curses at me for choosing cute clothes.
I groan, "Now I have to change 'cause my wolf is trying to claw her way out of me." I walked back into my closet and grabbed clothes I wouldn't mind ripping. I walk back out to find Brody sitting on the bed reading the Harry Potter book that was on my nightstand.
"Wait...am I allowed outside because I don't think Titus will be happy you brought me back out considering what happened yesterday."
"Well you're gonna be in the protection of me and we're going on the restricted path so no one will find you," he says putting the book down.
"Okay number one I'm pretty sure I beat your ass yesterday so I'll be protecting you and, doesn't restricted mean not allowed of something. So why are we going there?" I ask.
"For the higher ranks only. Titus kept a piece of land for us to train on without being interrupted by pack members. It helps us keep our mind focused on training," he explains. I gave an 'oh' expression. I couldn't focus because my wolf was jumping around in excitement.
"Can we leave now because my wolf won't stop pestering me about letting her loose," I ask. He nodded and I silently thanked the moon god. I got on the porch and let the sun sink into my skin. I leaped off the steps and shifted mid-air letting my wolf out. A large toothy wolf plastered her face. Brody followed and shifted into his wolf. It was a beautiful brown wolf that looked almost red if he stood in the sun. His wolf pointed his head into the forest and started to run. My wolf loud out a loud howl and followed him. We kept a steady pace with him almost running ahead of him. She wanted to run faster and enjoy the wind flowing through her fur but I pulled her back so that we could see where Brody was leading us. It was a difficult path filled with the roots of the y'all trees overhead. The rocks scattered the forest and the leaves were like another layer on top of the forest ground. In the distance, I saw a white sign that wasn't easy to miss. As we passed it I scanned it.
'Restricted areas do not pass. Orders by Alpha Titus'
The scent of Titus filled my senses with a mix of Brody and Jacob. He must use this area the most. As we ran through the forest I noticed the grooves in the trees. Claw marks scattered the trees along the path. There was also a tree with a large hole going through it. I caught a scent of blood passing it. It was old maybe a few weeks? As we got further into the forest, he started to slow down. The trees started to thin out and they eventually led to a large clearing. Before we could reach Brody stopped and went behind a tree. I heard bones crack and he came back out wearing shorts. He tossed me a shirt and boxers that smelled like Titus. It landed on my face and my wolf gave him a long glare He chuckled and mumbled a 'sorry.'
"You can go change behind the trees over there," he pointed. My wolf was reluctant but I promised I'd take her hunting and she finally gave in. I shifted back and quickly threw the clothes on and walked out.
"So this is the middle of the forest," he said leading me towards the opening of the forest. A beautiful lake came into view. It sparked in the sun and it was so clear I could see the bottom of the lake. It stretched at least a mile.
"Can you swim Soph?" He asked. I nodded and suddenly I wasn't on the ground but soaking wet. I was completely submerged underwater. I swim up and let out a gasp for air. I wipe the water from my face and push the hair out of my face.
"Brody what was that for!" I yell at him.
"Soph this is the beginning of your training," he gives a smug smile. He walks over to a boat I swear I didn't see just now. But it could also be how I was thrown into this lake. He pulled a rope out of it and tied it to the front of the boat and tossed the other end to me.
"What do you want me to do with this?" I ask holding it up.
"Pull me across this lake then maybe you'll pull me back. Depends on how fast you go," he says. He sits down and takes his phone out.
"And go." I groan and start pulling him across the lake.
"You're heavy," I mumble under my breath.
"I can still hear you," he shouts back. After about half an hour, I started to get tired. I continue to pull him then slip on a sharp rock. I let out a string of curses and saw red pool into the clear water. I look behind me at the boat and see Brody sleeping. I looked and saw that the other side was only about 1/4 mile left. I let go of the rope and left him stranded. I swim the rest of the way and lay on the ground. I looked behind a large boulder and found fresh, dry clothes. After I changed, I yelled as loud as I could and Brody jumped up almost tipping the boat.
"You're stuck there. Have fun," I laugh. I sit down on a nice flat boulder and watch Brody try to figure out how to get across.
"I hate you, Soph," He yells.
"That's what you get for falling asleep," I yell back.
###chapter 9
Sophia's POV
Brody finally made it back to land with the boat. I stay in my seat as I watch him grumble about me.
"Did you like swimming?" I laugh.
"You're lucky you're our future Luna and I like you or else I would throw you right back in," he says taking his shirt off. I walk over to him and he shakes his hair off on me.
"Hey watch it I'm finally dry waiting for you to cross the rest of the lake," I say slapping him.
"Well this wouldn't happen if you didn't leave me stranded," he says throwing his shirt on me. I groan because now my shirt is wet.
"Brodyyy," I groan. He gives me a smirk and then starts taking his shorts off.
"Woah there hi behind the trees," I say pointing to the cluster of trees.
"Oops sorry," he says quickly running over to the trees. He comes out wearing fresh clothes.
"Can we go hunting because I promised my wolf we would find some deer or something," I ask him.
"I just changed," he groaned.
"Oh well," I say. I let my wolf come forward tearing the clothes in the process. I sit back and let her do her thing.
"Why do I even bother," I heard Brody mumble. I heard bones crack but we didn't wait for him. She took off following the scent of the fresh meat of a group of deers. We couldn't hear anything but our paws hitting the forest floor as we ran looking for them. The leaves crunch as we run towards the scent. She starts to slow down as the scent gets stronger. There was a group of about 10 deers. She crouched behind the bushes and spotted a large female near the bush and set her eyes on it. She slowly inched her way towards the deer. She turned her head the other way and it was a mistake. She pounced from where she was hiding and she aimed for her neck. She was about to make contact but it never came. There was a large impact on my side and my back hit my tree. I looked at what happened and saw a gray, almost white, wolf next to me. The pain in my back caused me to shift back to skin. My wolf was pissed at this other wolf for making her catch get away. I groan in pain from the impact of the tree. I felt blood rush down my back and a lot of my leg was scratched up as I tried to sit up.
"Oh my god Sophia are you okay," I heard Titus' voice ask. It hit me that Titus was the one that hit me.
"What did you do," I growl.
"I was going for the deer but then I saw you and I tried to stop but I couldn't," He explained. He got up and ran towards the nearest rock and gave me a shirt. The back of the shirt stuck to me because of the blood.
"I'm fine," I say pushing him away as he tries to look at my injuries.
"You're not the fucking pain made you shift back," he growled back at me.
"Don't you dare growl at me you're the one that caused them and I've had worse." Guilt flooded his face and his eyes seemed to soften.
"Let me just get you home so I can bandage your back. I think my claws dug some of your fur out and I think I bit your leg," he says standing up and holding out his hand for me. I got up without his help and tried walking but the pain was too much. I hissed in pain and my legs buckled as I tried to take another step.
"Why are you so stubborn let me help you," he says from behind me. I sighed in defeat as he walked over to me. He couldn't carry me bridal style because of my back. He grabs my arms and wraps it around his neck. The sparks that it gave made it almost unbearable to be mad at him.
"Jump," he whispered into my ear. It sent shivers down my spine. I jump and he grabs me a little too close to my butt.
"Watch your hands," I say slapping him. He mumbles a 'sorry'. I wrap my legs around him and rest my head on his shoulder.
"Don't forget you're not wearing shorts," he whispers. Shit, I wasn't wearing anything down there. All the blood in my body rushed to my face.
"Just get back quickly please," I whisper. I felt his back shiver a bit. It was nice to know I have that effect on him. I turn around and see the house come into view and I let out a mental sigh. He walks up the stairs and opens the door. I tried to put my leg down but he didn't let go.
"I'm mostly healed now you can let me go," I mumble. It was true my wolf sped up my healing on the trip here but he still held a tight grip on me.
"Titus," I growled lowly. He didn't budge his hands held me near him still. He let go of me and I landed on the kitchen counter.
"Stay here and let me get the med kit," he says. I wanted to move but my wolf pushed me to stay back so that our mate could take care of us. I grumbled internally and stayed waiting for him. He came back and set the med kit next to me. He opened it and took the antibacterial out. He took the cotton buds out and put the liquid on it.
"This is going to sting," he says grabbing my leg. He started to clean my wounds out and I flinched a little. I let out a low growl as he kept cleaning it.
"I know I'm sorry but you don't want an infection," he apologizes.
"You're Alpha called me by the way," he randomly brought up as he continued to clean the gashes he made in my leg.
"Wait what? Why want I informed till now?" I ask as I try to fight back the sting in my leg. Why only know it's been almost 2 weeks now.
"Well they called Today and Jacob picked up and may have told them that you were here and they are making a trip here tomorrow," he says now wrapping my leg in gauze.
"Wait what?" I said grabbing his hand. The sparks flew up my arm when our skin touched. I almost let go but my wolf watered more.
"You invited my Alpha to come see me?" I said slowly with my wolf's voice coming through.
"Calm down Sophia. I didn't Jacob did and he's no longer your Alpha," he growled lowly.
"Then who's coming?"
"The Beta And Beta female and future Alpha," he said. He finished wrapping my leg and turned me to where my legs were on the island and my back was facing him.
"Wait the future Alpha as in TERRY?" I said with my wolf starting to come through.
"Yes?" He said confused. Of course, he forgot my mate who rejected me is the future Alpha.
"YOU WILL NOT GIVE HIM PERMISSION TO ENTER THIS LAND," My wolf said fury blinding her. I was pushed back and she fought for control. My vision went black then red. She wanted revenge. She wanted his blood.
"Can you bring Sophia back please so I can fix whatever is wrong?" He kindly asked my wolf. She wanted full control over me but I fought back with one last push and my vision went back to normal.
"Why are you so against the future Alpha?" He asked slowly so he won't piss my wolf off.
"I told you this when I first met you," I said rolling my eyes and throwing my hands in the air. He's my second chance mate he should at least know who rejected me so he could have a chance with me. He looked like he was having an internal argument with his wolf. His face turned from confused to pale then red with anger. He let out a large growl that shook the chandelier. He let out a long string of curses and walked next to the fridge. He lifts his fists and punches a large hole in the wall next to it.
"Titus!" I said disapprovingly. I got off the island and walked over to him. I grabbed his arm which had blood rolling down it. I sigh and bring him to the island.
"Sit," I said pointing at the island. He grabbed me by my waist and lifted me. I let out a squeak and ended up in the same position with my back facing him.
"I'm taking care of you, not the other way around," he grumbles picking up the antibacterial.
"So do you now remember why I don't like the future Alpha?" I ask as he starts to lift my shirt but I stop him.
"Wait let me go put shorts on you pervert," I said and hopped off the counter. I ran into my room and my closet. I take a fresh pair of shorts off the shelf and put it on I pull my shirt up so I can see my back. It was mostly healed so I don't know why Titus was fussing about it. There were a few scratches here and there but nothing too terrible. It was mostly healed but there was still a lot of blood stains. I sigh pull my shift back down and walk back outside. Titus was washing the blood of his hands and I sat back on the counter. I felt him lift my shirt and let out a disapproving growl.
"I liked it when you had no shorts on," I heard his grumble.
"So what's the plan for tomorrow because knowing my old mate that he'll bring his slut. And lately, his wolf has been calling out for us," I say as he starts to clean the few scratches I have. He slams his fist into the marble table.
"The plan is you stay next to me at all times and if even looks at you or thinks about you I will end him," he growls pulling my shirt down.
"So I have to be stuck with you the whole day?" I ask.
"Yes." He says closing the med kit.
"Tomorrow is going to be a long day," I mumble.
###chapter 10
Sophia's POV
Flashback
Day 14
I felt the chains that held me up to the wall. I fell to the ground having no will to keep going. The hair fell over my face and my cut-up clothes barely covered me.
"You have to eat before they get back," I heard a voice say. I was lifted and the smell of fresh food made my mouth drool.
"You need to eat this not shatter the plate," the lady said and walked off.
"Wait!" I blurt out. She turns around confused. I got to see her face and knew I would never forget her.
"What's your name?" I ask her quickly.
"Wake up Sophia," she said.
"What?"
"Wake up!"
End of Flashback
I open my eyes and see a very shirtless Titus in front of me.
"Your family is on pack lands we need to get ready they should make it to the pack lands in an hour," he says tapping me. I let out a groan and turned the other way.
"Give me 5 more minutes," I mumble. I didn't get a reply so I assumed he left me so I could sleep a little bit longer. Suddenly there was a cold shock across my body. I sit up and my body was soaking wet in cold ass water.
"Titus!" I growl at him. He gave me a small smirk and shrugged.
"You obviously wouldn't get up if I yelled at you so I found a different method," he laughs. I grumble and throw my legs off the side of the bed.
"Now my bed is wet. Where the heck am I going to sleep?" I ask him now in a mood.
"Well you can always sleep in my room," he smirks. I roll my eyes get up and walk in the bathroom. I grab the towel off the rack and wipe my face.
"Ugh now I need to shower," I mumble to myself. I quickly take a shower and wrap the towel around me. I step out of the bathroom and walk into my closet. I didn't feel the need to dress fancy but my wolf told me we would eventually be Luna so I might as well dress like it. I wear a pair of white jeans and a cute top. I walked out and Titus was sitting on my bed.
"Here put this on," he said throwing a sweatshirt in my face. It smelt entirely of him and it sent my wolf on edge.
"Why?" I said trying to control my wolf. She loved the smell of him and it was intoxicating to her.
"So that everyone knows that you are mine," he says getting up. I throw the hoodie on and he put his arm around my waist. We walked outside and someone jumped in front of me and shouted. I scream and jump backward.
"BRODY!" I yell at him and smack him.
"Paybacks a bitch," he laughs. I groaned and considered beating him up.
"I'm not in the fucking mood today," I mumble and lean my head, Titus. Is it the time of the month?" I heard Brody ask Titus. I let out a low growl and Brody looks away and pretends like he didn't hear anything. We walked on the rock path to the pack house and I realized something.
"Does your pack know about me?" I ask Titus. I haven't seen any of his pack members except a few warriors, Charlotte, and those three idiots.
"Yes I made an announcement this morning while you were in the shower," he says looking down at me. I give him a slight nod and we come up to the back door of the pack house. We walked in and everyone in the kitchen stopped. It looked like ours but larger. Maybe a community kitchen? Everyone was looking at us and I felt embarrassed so I hid my face in Titus's chest.
"What are y'all looking at?" Titus asks in his Alpha tone. Everyone immediately stopped staring and went back to what they were doing before. Titus started into space the looked back at me.
"They're in the front," he tells me. I nod and we start walking through the large pack house. We walk through several doors. I hear murmurs from people as we walk through the pack house. I sighed accepting the fact that this was going to be a common reaction from now on. I turn the corner and see my family and Terry with his slut at the front with Jacob.
"SOPHIA," James screamed. He ran over to me and embraced me in a large bear hug.
"Hey James," I laugh and hug him back. The impact of him running at me made me land on the ground. I heard Titus growl but then stopped.
"If you ever leave again, I'm gonna give you an ass beating," he scolded helping me up. I looked behind him and Terry and I made eye contact. I let in a sharp breath and looked back at James.
"I'm staying here. I can't go back," I mumble to him. He looked at me like I was crazy.
"Why your home is with us and Mom and Dad are back at the pack too and you can find your mate," James rambled. Titus let out another growl and realization poured on his face.
"You already found your mate," he whispers. I nod and he gives me a big hug.
"Congratulations little sister," he smiles. Then there was another growl. Louder and more dominant. I looked behind James and saw Terry growling while Kira looked shocked. My parents were confused but smiled lightly at me. Titus quickly pulled me away from James and held my waist tightly.
"Mine," Titus growled. He was angered that there could be a threat against him.
"SHE'S MY MATE," Terry roars. Confusion plastered James and my parents.
"YOU REJECTED HER YOU HAVE TO RIGHT TO CALL HER YOURS," Titus fought back. I turned around and put my hand on his chest.
"Calm down," I whisper. "Look at me." He keeps his gaze on Terry and then eventually looks at me.
"I'm not going to leave you. I'm staying here," I whisper to him. His eyes seemed to soften at the sight of me. He stuck his nose in the crook of my neck and inhaled my scent. My heart rate picked up from our skin touching and the need for him grew. Damn, mate pull. He looked up and I heard Terry growl louder.
"If you continue to be a threat to this pack's Luna you will be escorted off these pack lands," Titus says gaining his composure back. Terry huffed and Kira grabbed his arm and hooked onto him. I moved away from Titus and walked up to Terry.
"I, Sophia Moretti, accept your rejection," I said. It felt like a huge burden was lifted off my shoulders. My wolf had a sly grin on her face and she was overly excited that we finally had gotten rid of him. Or so we thought.
He looked like I just stabbed his heart. Kira looked like slapping me for stealing her man but I couldn't care less. I walk to my parents and give them a big hug.
"I'm sorry for leaving without explanation," I apologize. I met their eyes with tears in theirs.
"You've found your mate and you're all grown up. I'm so proud of you," my dad says smiling. My wolf and I beamed with pride. All we wanted to hear was that my parents were proud of us. My mom pushed the stray piece of hair behind my ear and kissed my hair.
"We're so so proud of you," she smiles and looks at me. I smile and give her a big hug.
"Thank you," I whisper to them. They give me a small nod and I walk back to Titus. Jacob walks back with me probably feeling awkward about everything.
"I'm sorry. I wouldn't have invited him if I knew," Jacob apologized.
"It's fine there was no way that you would've known." I get back to Titus' side and he wraps an arm around my waist.
"Do you wanna show them the pack house?" He asks me. I haven't seen any of the pack house till now so I don't mind.
"Well, I haven't seen any of it so sure," I say and he motions for everyone to follow him. We walk through the massive pack house while he's telling everyone where things are. His office was placed on the third floor as well as Brody's and Jacob's. We start walking out to the training grounds for pack members when a loud siren goes off.
"Rouges," Titus mumbles. "Beta Brody will continue this tour. I have some business to take care of." He starts to off but I grab his arm.
"Let me come," I plead. I needed a release from being next to Terry the whole day. It's angered me.
"No I can't risk you getting hurt," he says.
"I can take it. I put Brody on his ass the other day. You either let me come with you now or I will sneak out of here and find you myself. You also said that I was not to leave your sight," I smirk.
"She usually handles rouges with me at my pack," James adds sticking up for me. I turn around and give him a light smile. Titus lets out a few grumbles and then nods.
"If there is even a scratch on you when we're done you're not allowed to come anymore," he says.
"Fine," I huff and roll my eyes. I was about to shift but then remembered Titus' hoodie. I quickly take it off and toss it in Jacob's face.
"Don't lose this," I tell him then shirt into my wolf. Titus' jet-black wolf waited for us on the edge of the forest. We dashed through the forest getting closer and closer to the border where they were supposedly spotted. It confused me because I didn't smell them at all. We come to a stop and I see Titus looking around. A large growl came from behind me and I saw a large gray wolf in the air coming at me. I swiftly move to the side and clamp my jaw around his neck. There were maybe 6 more rouges left. Their smell suddenly overpowered my senses. How? I couldn't smell them just now. I didn't have time to think because they came charging at us. Wasn't there a border patrol here?
4 came at me and the others went for Titus. They circled me and my wolf stood in the middle eyeing their movements. The first brown one jumped first and was in the air. He landed on my back and I threw him off. He slid to the side and hit a tree.
The second wolf didn't hesitate he was already charging at me. He hit my side and it made me stumble. I let out a low growl and immediately got back up. The same brown wolf came at me and I dove under him and tore out and took his leg in my mouth and dug my teeth in till it reached the bone. He let out a whimper and I took this chance to jump up on him and snap his neck. I see Titus killing off the last of the two rouges that were after him and charging at the other two that were watching me. I attack the 2nd wolf and ram my head into his side. He let out a growl and tried snapping at my neck. I quickly dodge his canines and slide to the side.
We stood there eying each other moving in circles. I let my canines show and ran towards him. He charged at me at the same time. We both jumped in the air and I grabbed his neck midair and snapped it. I land on top of him and look to find Titus. He stood their blood covering his mouth. My wolf rushed to him and started licking his face clean. If I could blush right now it would be beet red. I pull her back and shift back to skin. I quickly find clothes and come out and see Titus standing there clothed too.
"Are you hurt?" He asks scanning me for injuries. He looked at my legs and arms looking for any sign of cuts or bruises but I held up well. I wasn't going down that easy without a fight.
"I'm fine," I say shooing him away.
"Just making sure," he says then wrapping his hand around my shoulder. We proceeded to walk back to the pack house then the scent of blood filled my senses. At first, I thought it was Titus but it kept getting stronger. I'm the distance I saw the source of the blood. A torn-up lady in the distance lay on the ground. I quickly run over and look at her. I take a look at her face and gasp.
"Amelia?"
###chapter 11
Sophia's POV
"Amelia?"
Her face was torn up with gashes down her torso and legs. I pull her head on my lap and quickly put my ear to her nose to check her nose. I lay her head back on the ground and stood up.
"She's dead," I sigh and tell Titus and back away from her body.
"Who is she and why is her body on my land?" He asks me. I let out a loud sigh and looked at her lifeless body letting the memories sink back in. I open my mouth to start telling him but then I realize that he doesn't know that I was kidnaped by rogues when I was younger.
"I'll tell you later. I think I need to tell you with Brody and Jacob," I tell him. He walks over to the body and picks something off of her. He holds it up to show me.
"A note?" I ask. Why would there be a note on her body?
"Do you remember how I told you about threats made towards us because we're mated?" He asks me. I think back to the conversation and nod.
"Well we just got our 2nd threat."
"What does it say?" I ask walking up next to him.
---
"I warned you to stay away. We will take back what was ours and we won't stop until I have her," he read out to the group. I was right the rouges are coming after me again.
"You will not be taken back there," James says standing up furious. His hands slam the table then he runs them through his hair.
"Am I missing something here?" Brody asks with a look of confusion on his face. I look at my parents and they gave me a nod of approval. I take in a deep breath preparing myself.
I take a seat next to Titus on the couch he was sitting on and lean on him. I saw Terry visibly tense and Kira glared at me. Pshhh like I would take her man.
"When I was maybe 15 years old I was kidnapped by rogues and held hostage for 1/2 a year. I felt Titus' body tense so he put his nose in my neck.
"There was this guy that starved me and another one that would do tests on me. I have a birthmark they mentioned apparently it made it where they couldn't take me as theirs." Titus started to growl but I laid my hand in his lap.
"Calm down," I whisper to him. He tried to relax but he still had the look of revenge in his eyes.
"Okay, what does this have to do with with the lady you found?" Brody asks.
"She would bring me food after they would do tests on me and help me gain my strength back," I explain. Without her, I don't think I would have made it in there. They always forgot to feed me so she saved my life.
"Why would they want you back now?" Jacob asks from the little corner he was standing in.
"I think it has something to do with this birthmark. They would try to cut it off, burn it, all sorts of things but it still stayed like that."
Flashback
"Why is it still coming back," the main guy growled. He threw the knife at the wall and slammed his fist into the wall.
"It's a blessing there's no way to remove it from her," the other guy said. I think his name was Joshua. My body slumped on the ground with my wrist still changed to the wall. The man grabs the knife of the ground and picks my head up.
"You will be mine soon. I will have you as mine," he says tracing the knife across my chin.
End of Flashback
I saw my parents and James tense up. It was hard to tell but I saw their facials change. I stood up and pulled my shirt down my shoulder and showed them my birthmark.
"That's a unique shape," Brody commented. I nodded in agreement.
"I noticed that too," I said. I sat back down and leaned my head on Titis. He mindlessly starts to twirl my hair as we continue to talk.
"I'm going on a run," Terry suddenly says and stands up and walks out the door. Kira also gets up and runs after him. Love-sick puppy.
"I think we should all take a break," Titus says and helps me off the couch.
"Beta Brody would you mind showing our guests to their rooms?" Titus asks Brody. He nods and signals for them to follow him. James flashes me a wide smile and I give him a large, toothy, smile. Titus wraps his hands around my waist and looks down at me.
"Is this why you have nightmares?" He asks I lightly nod and try to look away because of how close we are. He moved one of his hands to my chin and makes me face him.
"We're mates. Don't hide from me. It's natural to want to feel the need of touch," he whispers into my ear. Shivers went down my spine and I felt a blush creep onto my cheeks. I heard a cough from the corner and I saw Jacob staring at us from his little corner. The blush grew into a deep red and I hid my face in Titus' neck.
"So...I was thinking we should go hunting but, y'all look busy," Jacob laughs. I groan and back away from Titus.
"I would actually like to go hunting because of this one," I said pointing at Titus. "He made my kill run away." I give a long glare.
"Great! I think I saw a few deer on my run earlier this morning," Jacob says. Titus let out a low growl at Jacob but I slapped him and narrowed my eyes.
"You owe this to me," I said reminding him of what he did. He let out a sigh of defeat.
"Fine," he growled. I squealed in excitement and my wolf jumped around in my head.
"Can we leave now before my wolf gives me a headache?" I ask them. They both nodded and I ran out the back door and jumped in the air. My wolf came out and rolled in the dirt as she landed. Titus stood in the doorway with a smile and laughed. He follows my actions and lands right next to me. Jacob comes out and closes the back door and swiftly shifts into his wolf. His wolf has a light gray with spotted ears. My wolf yipped excitement and started running.
We ran through the woods letting the wind pass through my fur. Her paws crush the leaves in the forest. It was getting windier and colder. It was a signal that winter was getting closer. The wind carried the scent of the deer. My wolf sped up leaving Titus and Jacob behind. She followed the scent until we came up to a few deer. My wolf grinned and snuck low behind the trees. We slowly wait for a chance to pounce. I felt a nudge on my back leg and I almost let out a growl. I look and see Titus watching us. He points his snout towards them as if he was signaling for us to kill them.
I spotted a fairly large female deer. He slowly crept our way towards her and she looked right at me. I let out a large animalistic growl and pounced. I land on her back and take a chunk out of her back. She let out a weird noise in pain and I fell under her. I clamped down on her back leg and she buckled from the pain. I swiftly moved out from under her before she fell on me. She quickly tried to get up so she could escape but I quickly kept her in place planting my paws on her side. I dig my canines into her neck and tear the killing chuck out. Her body relaxes and she does limp.
My wolf happily bounces off and digs into her stomach. She continues to eat but lifts her eyes and meets Titus'. She ate until her stomach was full and laid down in content. She signaled for Titus and Jacob that they could finish it so they started to fill themselves up too. Titus curlers up next to me and I lay my head on his paws. He continues to lay his head on my snout. I start to drift off into a sleep but then I hear shouting a close by.
Titus and Jacob heads because their ears perked up at the noise. No one's supposed to be here. I get up and immediately start running towards the noise source. Titus runs faster and blocks my path. I let out a growl and he motions for me to stay behind him. I huff in aggravation and stay behind him with Jacob. We slowly walk towards the noise and I hear a familiar voice. Terry's.
"You're going to break up with me here! While we have to stay for a week?" I hear Kira's voice complain. So he finally got rid of her.
"You're not a right fit for my Luna," he replies.
"It's because of her isn't it? That slut trying to get with Alpha Titus," Terry looked furious but Titus beat him to it. He let out a loud commanding growl. He jumped up from where we were hiding and landed right in front of Kira. I swiftly jump over him and land next to Kira staring back at Titus challenging him. He growled lowly as if to say 'Move out my way' but I stood my ground. He tries to come closer but I stomp my paw down in front of him. I let out a growl and he huffed and backed down. I let out a low growl at Kira and she looked scared. I huffed and walked away. I ran back through the forest and found clothes quickly before Titus could find me. I shifted and quickly put on the clothes. I came out from behind the tree and Titus stood there sweaty and only had shorts on.
"Why did you stop me," he growled. I rolled my eyes and crossed my arms.
"Do you want to attack the possible future Luna if the Blue Crescent Wolves?" I ask him raising my eyebrows.
"Did you not just hear that conversation he just broke up with her because of you," he said lifting his hands in the air.
"Oh so you're jealous that's why you want to attack her," I said pointing at him.
"She called you a slut you think I'm going to let her talk about you like that?" He said flinging his arms in front of him.
"Unless you want to make an enemy of my pack then I recommend you don't attack their pack members," I say leaning on my left foot.
"They have no right to talk like that about you like that. And they are no longer your pack," he growls lowly.
"Well, I have no pack now. I'm technically a rogue. Your warriors want to attack me the second they get a scent of me," I point out. His eyes began to darken.
"No, you will control your wolf right now. You can't let him get control every time you're angry," I shout at him. That sent him over the edge his canines came out and his eyes flashed golden.
"You will not y'all to me like that," he said in a commanding growl. I didn't let it affect me and I walked right up to him and got in his face.
"You will control your self or I'm going back to my pack with me family," I said. That made his eyes fill with anger.
"Why so you can ditch me for that future Alpha pup," he shouted at me.
"You really think I would leave for him! I don't want to live here where you lose control every time you're wrong," I said flinging my arms in the air.
"I should have never saved you. You just turned out to be a pain in my ass," He finally said. I stopped shouting and my face went limp. It felt like I was being rejected all over again. I felt like I wasn't standing but floating on nothing. I felt my heart break and my wolf howled in pain. His eyes went back to his blue color and his face filled with regret. I backed away from him in pain. I didn't wait for him to respond. I shifted and ran. I wasn't familiar with the pack lands and it didn't feel safe to leave past the border so I ran back to the house. I shifted back and ran into my room tears running down my face. I locked the room door and collapsed on my bed. I threw clothes on and locked myself in the bathroom. My back hit the door and slid to the floor. The conversation replayed in my head over and over again.
He didn't want us.
---
###chapter 12
Sophia's POV
I stay in the bathroom with my back against the wall for a while. I run my hand through my hair and finally get up. I look in the mirror and wash my face. I let out a big sigh as I walked out. I felt the link towards my wolf weaken as she disappeared somewhere in my mind. I walk down the hall knowing Titus was nowhere near. His scent was in the house but it wasn't fresh. I looked down at my shirt and it was wet from all my crying. It kept replaying in my head.
"He didn't want me"
"He never wanted me"
"He should have left me to die"
I had to do everything in my power to not start crying again. I take the orange juice out of the fridge and pour myself a glass. I decided I was going to drown my sorrows in juice. I continued to drink my juice but then an unfamiliar scent filled the house.
I immediately freeze and get up. I found the closest object I could find and it was a dirty frying pan from this morning's breakfast. I hide under the counter and see a buff guy walk into the kitchen. He was fairly tall and had dirty blonde hair with green eyes. I mentally groaned because there was no way I could beat him in a fight. He looked like he had a skill much higher than mine. I waited till he was a few feet in front of where I was hiding then I let out a growl.
It came out softer than I liked it too but my wolf was currently M.I.A. I lifted the frying pan and swung. I looked up and saw that he moved out of the way. I started to swing again but then he lowered his head in submission.
"Luna," he said, "Alpha Titus sent me to check up on you."
I grumble a few cuss words and lay the frying pan down. Of course, he would send someone to make sure I'm okay. It's not like I'm not capable of protecting myself.
"What's your name?" I ask walking back to my juice. I let the last sip roll down the glass and onto my mouth. I pour myself some more and sit down.
"My name is Nikolai, Luna," he says politely. I nod and he continues to stand in his original position.
"You can call me Sophia if you'd like. I'm not used to the fact I'm Luna," I explain to him. He shakes his head.
"I've been instructed to only call you by your position," he tells me. I sigh. Of course, he would do that.
"How about this you can call me Sophia whenever he's not around and it'll be our secret," I offer.
"Alright Sophia," he nods. I give him a soft smile and finish another cup of juice.
"Do you know where Titus is?" I ask him. He nods and runs his fingers through his hair.
"He's in his office. I recommend not going near him his office is his punching bag right now," he explains. I nod and get up. Of course, he was angry with himself. I know he didn't mean it but something at the back of my head tells me that he did mean it.
"Nikolai? Were you instructed to be my guard for the day?" I ask him. I didn't want someone following me the whole day.
"Yes Sophia Titus told me to make sure you didn't get into any trouble with the pack members," he says.
"That fucker," I mumble. I wasn't even planning to leave my room today. My family is here and I can't even see them without being watched.
"Am I allowed to leave this house?"
"Yes but I have to come with you," he says. I let out a groan and walked to my room. I keep a close eye on him and he stands in front of my room door. I silently thanked the moon god that he wasn't coming into my room.
I lay on my bed thinking about what I should do with the rest of my day. I couldn't talk to Titus because of our fight. I felt my wolf slightly long for him but I controlled her. Stupid mate pull. I wondered if my brother was busy. Maybe he could train with me like how we did before I left. I walked out of my room looked to my right and saw Nikolai.
"Can we go to the pack house?" I ask him. He spaced out for a second and nodded. I assumed he mind-linked someone. I quickly changed into a tank top and shorts. I walk out and skip down the hallway. I take my scrunchie and tie my hair into a high ponytail. I follow the path towards the pack house and walk through the back door.
Everyone stopped and looked at me. Either it was because they knew I was the Alpha's mate or it was that I smelled like a rouge. I sigh and walk past them. I pick up the scent of James and follow it to a large room. I find him sitting by himself on his phone. I run up to him and slap his phone out of his hand.
"Hey!" He shouted at me. I roll my eyes at how dramatic he is.
"Come train with me I'm bored," I groan. He picks his phone off the ground and nods.
"Hey outsider who's that hot chick with you," I heard someone ask. I turn around and see a guy, maybe 17. He looks at me up and down and lets out a growl of approval. I give him a disapproving scowl.
"I wouldn't do that if I were you," James says in a warning tone.
"What are you going to do about it? It's not like you can attack me. You're not even from this pack," he spat.
"Luna we should get to the training grounds," I heard Nikolai say. I smirk when I see the guy's face morph into horror.
"Wait as in Alpha Titus' Luna? Are you the Sophia Moretti?" He asks frantically.
"I don't think Titus is in a good mood today so I recommend you don't get yourself into trouble by messing with me," I tell him. He lowers his head in submission.
"I'm sorry Luna," he apologizes. James grabs my arm and leads me out of the pack house.
"Luna the training grounds are empty today," Nikolai mentions. I nod and walk towards the training grounds. I had an idea of where it was from when we were walking around. I found the large clearing and, like Nikolai said, it was empty.
"We have the whole area to ourselves," he smiles fake punching me. I run to the middle of the area and James follows too. He pulls his shirt over his head and throws it to the side.
"I promise to go easy on you," I smirk as I kick my shoes off. He rolls his eyes at me and laughs.
"Please you've put me on my ass once," he says. I smile remembering that day. It was maybe two weeks before I left.
"It was before I left so I could still be better than you," I point out.
"I was sick that day and I let you win," he pouts. I roll my eyes and laugh. I glance at Nikolai as he watches us argue.
"Can you lead the spar?" I ask him. He nods and shifts places so he can see better.
"Alright y'all fight till one submits and no shifting until I say so," he yells. I didn't see the point since there were only three of us here. We both nod keeping eye contact. He yells go and I felt my wolf's power seeping back in.
'You're a little late," I grumble at her. James and I circle each other not breaking eye contact.
'I'm sorry that mate hurt me,' she growled back. I didn't feel like fighting with her too so I just accepted it.
"Come on Sophia are you too scared to make the first move?" James taunts. I watch him closely eyeing his footing. We started to inch closer together until I saw him plant his right foot on the ground.
He always steps before he punches.
It was a blow to my stomach but I move to the side and he stumbles to the side. I took this chance and sent a hard jab to his right side. He catches my arm after I make contact with his side. He flings me over his back and onto mine. I groan as the wind from my lungs is knocked out. As we continue punching and kicking and flinging, I notice people start to watch. I heard people mumbling and whispering.
James threw a punch to my face but I was quicker. I grab his fist and uppercut his stomach. He stumbles backward and quickly catches himself.
"Shift," I heard Nikolai yell finally. I smirk and jump into the air. I was the first to shift while James was comprehending what was happening. My wolf came out and landed perfectly on her paws letting out a loud growl of dominance. I noticed people lowering their heads in submission as they felt the power of my wolf.
James quickly shifted into his chocolate brown that matched his hair. He let out a growl and digs his paw onto the ground. She charges at him and rams her head into him. His canines found fur and clamped his jaw down on my leg. She lets out a pain-filled groan. She clamps her canines into his shoulder and claws his back.
I felt a presence behind me that made the hair on my neck stuck up. My wolf felt a pull towards it but we were too focused.
He flung her over to the side and my wolf slid until hitting a tree. She was pissed. She let out a growl of annoyance and stood up. Her legs were weak but with the adrenaline rushing through her she couldn't tell. She pounced in the air and pounced onto his back. Her paws kept him in place. He tried to bite at my paws but I pushed him further into the dirt.
My wolf growled telling him to submit. He refused and growled back. I dug my paw into his neck and let out a small wimpier. Accepting defeat he showed his neck in submission. I got off of him and slowly sank. My legs gave out and I started to shift back. My wolf only used half her strength not feeling up to the fight since the fight between Titus and me. She was weaker and I had to suffer the consequences.
I felt something thrown over me to cover me. I look up and see James standing over me with shorts already on. Scratches littered his body from his chest to his legs. I sat up and quickly threw the shirt on. He gives me a hand and I grab it pulling me up.
"You did good little sister," he says congratulating me. I looked down and blood seeped through the shirt making it stick to my body.
"I've put you on your ass twice now," I smile feeling a sense of pride. He nods and I look around. People surrounded the training grounds just to watch us spar. Through the midst of people, I saw Titus leaning against a tree. My wolf swelled with pride knowing that he saw us just put my older brother down.
I walk off the training grounds with Nikolai still following me.
"You're strong Luna," he tells me. I nod weakly. My wolf gave me a lot of pain. If I am barely walking because Titus and I got into a tiny fight. How the fuck am I supposed to lead with the whole pack on my shoulders.
###chapter 13 
 Sophia's POV
I let the steaming water fill the bathtub. I don't mind the hot water. It was soothing against my bruised and cut-up body. I climb into the bath letting the blood on my body seep into the water. The water became a shade of pink mixed in with dirt that sank to the bottom. I let out a groan in annoyance. I'll have to change the water again now that it's dirty. I climb out wrap a towel around my body and drain the water. I rinsed the dirt down the drain and I started to fill the water up again. I walk into my bedroom and look out the window. My eyes scan the edge of the woods and I sense someone or something out there. Amid the trees, I see a wolf with red eyes looking at something at the bottom of the tree. I see something tiny start to move and a child, no older than 4, trembling at the bottom of the tree. I quickly threw my towel off and flung the door open to the balcony. I jump over the edge and let my wolf take full control. She broke through the prison of skin and swiftly made her way through the trees and to the child.
The wolf with the red feral eyes saw the movement through the trees and made eye contact with my silver, glowing eyes. He growled sensing a threat. His canines showed through his snarl as he kept his eyes on mine. My wolf was focused ready to take him on but then she stopped and those red eyes came flooding into her memories.
Flashback
I fall limp on the ground letting my arms rest after being held up for hours. My right shoulder stung from the constant torture of it. I heard a low huff of a wolf nearby.
"Look up Sophia," I heard someone command me. My pride was in the way of listening to the order. My wolf felt the power of this man and pushed me to listen. I lifted my head with the rest of the strength I had left and saw a wolf, with terrifying red eyes, blocking my view of the man that commanded me. He lowered his nose to my neck and his breathing sent shivers down my spine. This wolf was dangerous and I wanted to scream, to run away from him, to plead for help, but I had no more energy. I stayed limp letting the voice in my head tell me off. He heard a loud snarl and teeth sank into my shoulder. I let out a piercing scream as I saw him drop a piece of my skin that was once on my shoulder in front of me. Blood rolled down my arm making a pool around my hands.
I let out a whimper and opened my mouth to scream for help but nothing came out.
End of Flashback
Those eyes stared into mine with a smirk across his wolf face. My wolf let out a snarl and showed him my teeth. His skin started to show and his fur became skin. He stood tall and had a smirk plastered on his face. His face was so ingrained in my brain and I wanted to run but my instincts took over.
Save the child.
"Sophia Moretti, I told you I would find you," he said. The blood drained from my face but my wolf was determined to kill him. She wanted his blood draining down the bathtub. She wanted his blood to be washed off our bodies.
I noticed his scent was covered. I couldn't smell him which infuriated me. How did he get past border control? I saw the child at the tree stump shivering and I knew that I just needed to get her out of here. I heard a loud growl from behind me and I turned my head towards the noise. I see Brody's red wolf behind me focused on the man with the red eyes. His eyes were glazed over. He wasn't in control of his wolf anymore. A threat to his Luna must have clicked a trigger. The man still had a smirk on his face.
He shifts into his wolf and pounces at Brody. I jumped and tackled him mid-air before he could make contact with Brody. We rolled down the hill and he landed on top of me. I struggle and try to get out of his hold. Brody came down the hill and aimed for his neck but he was quicker. He moved with incredible speed and dodged him. He was too fast for a normal wolf. I turn to go help Brody but I see a man blocking my view. I felt something stab into my neck. He pulls the syringe out and smirks. My vision became blurry and it became hard to stand up. Before I collapse I let out a long howl calling for help.
---
Titus' POV
The last drop of the beer rolls down the bottle and into my mouth. I throw the bottle with the rest and reach for another bottle but I freeze. I a howl of desperation as let out from the woods further down near my house.
'Titus Sophie needs help now,' Brody says frantically. Where the hell did they go?
'Where are you,' I ask through the mind link running out of my office. I shift into my wolf outside and run to the place the howl came from.
'We're near the old lake house,' he says back. Before he could close it again he let out a grunt. My wolf fought with me wanting to take control. He needed to get to his mate and save her. I pushed him back and took control. I ran towards the old lake house my dad made for my mom. I see Brody fighting two wolves and beating him.
I look at the bottom of the hill and see my naked mate at the bottom unconscious. It sent my wolf over the edge. He let out the loudest growl I've ever heard him do and took control of me.
---
Sophia's POV
I heard voices but all I could see was black.
"Damn it Jones why the fuck isn't she waking up," I heard someone growl. I assumed it was Titus because I could feel the power seeping into the air of the room. Or I assumed it was a room.
"Alpha she was injected with human sedatives. Her skin side will be out for a few hours," the lady said. I assumed it was Doctor Jones. I started to see a bright light and I could move my fingers. My eyes slowly opened and I saw the walls of the pack hospital. I couldn't recall anything that happened since Brody and I's training. I let out a groan as I try to move my body.
"Luna please don't move. Your body has several injuries," I heard the same lady say. Titus was immediately by my side.
"What happened," I ask him softly. I didn't have any energy and I felt drained.
"There were rouges in the forest and you got injected by human sedatives," he explains. I jolt up as the memories flow back into my brain. I remember the child and the rouge.
"Did you save the child," I ask frantically. He looked at me confused. "There was a child at the edge of the forest." He shook his head and I panicked. I ripped
the several wires out of my arms and ran through the hallways of the pack hospital.
"Sophia stop," I growled chasing after me. I ignored his order and kept running. I shifted into my wolf as I burst through the doors. I took control not trusting my wolf and what she would do. She wanted to submit to Titus' orders and run back to him but I fought with her.
I ran through the pack house yard and to Titus' house. I arrive back at the woods behind the house and listen for her. I sniff around and see her lying by a tree. I shift back to skin and pick up her body. I felt for a pulse and it was there but barely. I needed to get her to the packed hospital fast. I see Titus' wolf approach me with a look of disapproval on his face.
"Titus I know you're angry with me right now hit I need you to get her to the pack hospital now," I order. He looked at me suspiciously at first but I put her securely on his back and pointed in the direction of the pack hospital. He wanted me to go with him but he took the child knowing she was worse than me. I didn't rush myself to run safely with her on my back.
I shift back to my wolf and run behind Titus making sure he brought her to the hospital. She was immediately brought to the attention of doctors. I walk into the hospital and shift back to skin. I was blinded by a cloth thrown on my face. I took the shirt off my face and threw it on.
"You should be careful not to run off while you're injured. Titus is very protective over you now," Jacob says.
"The child was more important than me at that moment," I tell him walking away. I followed the scent of Titus to a room. The little girl lay there with wires in her arms. How did she feet here? She was definitely a rouge but yet Titus took mercy on her. Her tiny eyes fluttered open and they were filled with panic. She looked around the room trying to figure out where she was.
"Hey, hey it's okay You safe now," I cooed trying to calm her down. She seemed to calm down a bit but not enough.
"What's your name?" I ask her as I pull up a seat next to her.
"Tala," she whispers to me. I nod and give her a smile. I wanted her to know that she was safe here.
"What was the last thing you remember?" I ask her trying to figure out what happened to her parents or guardian.
"Mommy told me to run from the bad guys. To run as far as I could. A-and to hide f-from t-them," She begins to stutter.
"Okay, Tala. You're gonna stay with me for a few weeks. Your mommy told me to come take care of you and keep you safe from the bad guys," I tell her. She nodded and seemed to calm down some more.
"You didn't ask permission to add an additional member to this pack," I heard a familiar voice say. I turn and face Titus and let out a low growl.
"I don't need to ask you," I tell him and flick my head back to Tala.
"Dang Titus I don't envy you. Your mate is sassy," I heard Brody mumble. I turn my head to him with a fake smile on my face.
"Would you like to be my sparring partner next," I ask him. His eyes widened and he shook his head and I gave him a smirk. I turned my attention to Tala who was watching us quarrel. She had a small smile on my face that made my heart swell.
"How old are you?" I ask her. She holds her hand up and sticks up 4 fingers.
"Your 4?" I confirm. She nods her head and smiles.
###chapter 14
 Sophia's POV
I lay Tala in my bed and covered her. I was tense and stressed. How could I take care of a child when I can barely take care of myself? I needed to scream or break something or I was going to lose it. I run out of my room and into the cold night. It was nearing winter, or maybe it was. I've lost track of days lately. Everything from my pasta is coming to bite me into my ass. I ran into the woods which was probably not safe considering the number of rouge attacks but I could hold my own. I run to the area sectioned off for high ranks and shift back to skin. I don't bother to find any clothes considering I couldn't sense anyone here.
I find a tree to use as a punching bag. I take in a deep breath and let out a large scream. Tears run down my face and I sink and support myself on the tree. My life is falling apart right in front of my eyes. I felt weak and helpless like I did when I was first kidnapped. I let out a shaky breath ran my hands through my hair and put my head in my hands. I yell out a string of curse words get up and swing my fist at the the tree. The impact of the swing causes wood chips to fly around. I keep swinging switching from left to right.
Blood running down my arms and splinters in my fingers I still kept at it. My wolf was almost falling off the edge from controlling me. I let out a cry of agony and swung as hard as I could at the tree. I never felt the impact. I didn't feel the splinters digging deeper into my skin. I didn't get the satisfaction of putting my pain in the hole of the tree. Instead, I was put in a hold where my arms were held against me in a cross.
"What the hell Sophia," I heard a familiar voice say. The sparks tingled through my arms making me want to submit and apologize.
I thrashed under his hold and kicked him but he still held onto me.
"Let me go," I scream at him. I screamed so much and struggled and thrashed then I gave up. What's life worth living if I'm going to die? I barely got out of that torture chamber alive. I almost died on the way out. I went limp in his arms and sobbed.
"I don't want to go back," I sob to him. "I can't go back there." He sinks to the ground with me and holds me as I cry. I put my head on his chest and broke down right in front of him. The walls I spent building up since I escaped were crumbling down and I was struggling to hold them up. My wolf wanted more from Titus. She needed his touch. His scent calmed me down enough from me to stop crying.
"You won't go back there I'll make sure of it," he promises kissing my forehead. I wanted his lips on mine my wolf wanted more of him his smell intoxicating us.
"I don't think I would have made it through that day if you didn't find me. Terry rejecting me broke me," I whisper to him. I could feel him hold a growl from the back of his throat when I said his name. "And now Tala is here and I have to take care of her. I just turned 18 Titus how can I take care of a child."
"You have a little sister right?" He asks. I nod, confused ok where he was taking this conversation. "Tell me about her."
I think of all the memories I could tell him of Laura.
"She is a troublemaker especially when she's tired. When Mom and dad would take James out for training, I would have to watch her. One time she climbed so high in our pantry to get cookies she couldn't get down so I had to help her," I tell him smiling to myself.
"Aren't you a mother to Laura? So why not do the same with Tala?" He questions me. I thought about it for a second.
###chapter 15
"I knew that Laura was my sister and that my mom would be there later. I don't even know if her mom is still out there. Rouges are dangerous and will stop at nothing to kill," I say. He lets out a sigh.
"You'll be a perfect mother don't stress," he says kissing my neck. I let out a moan and regretted it. His wolf growled in satisfaction. He moved up to my lips and I couldn't help myself. The bond ignited between us as the sparks danced around us. My hands moved up to his hair and he moved back down to my neck where he sucked on the spot where my mark would be.
I panicked and pushed myself away from him. A new fear rose inside of me and took over my senses. What if he doesn't want me? We still never technically made up for out fight. I didn't want to be hurt again. I don't think I could take it. I scooted away from him and he looked at me with a pained expression.
"I'm sorry," I whisper and I run like I do when I'm vulnerable. I ran from the rouges. I ran from my rejection. Now I'm running from this. The fear of losing someone I care so much for. I've been dealt a bad set of cards and I'm so playing a losing game with the moon goddess.
I flew into the house and my tears stained my face. I take two pills that Dr. Jones prescribed me to help with the passing of the human sedatives. Why not silver, wolvesbane it could have put me out easily without using human resources.
I didn't want to wake Tala up so I grabbed a spare blanket from the closet and took a place on the couch. I snuggled into the blanket and slept. It came with great difficulty but I eventually cried myself to sleep.
"Why can't we just kill her it's not like she has any use for us," I heard someone growl. My heart stopped when I realized I could die today.
"I need her she's powerful. I could have a powerful pup from her and I could train him to help me have my revenge. I could rule the werewolf species," he said with his voice laced with revenge. I felt the wind rush by me when he was in front of me, nose in my neck.
"I would mark you and make you mine," he whispers in my ear. I scowl at him and thrash around trying to get free. He bares his teeth and I scream.
I sit up with sweat rolling down my face. I heard the creaking of the door of my room open and I silently cursed in my head because I woke Tala up.
"Tala?" I fall for her. I see her little head pop up behind the couch and she rubs her eyes. She jumped up and sat on the couch next to me. I looked at the clock and it was 4:35.
###chapter 16
 "You need to go back to sleep Tala," I tell her and pick her up.
"I heard you scream," she says. I curse in Italian and lay her back in bed.
"I'm okay Tala but you need to go to sleep," I tell her tucking her in.
"Can you lay down with me?" She asks me with puppy dog eyes. I sigh and close the door and lay down next to her. "Is the big guy with brown hair your husband?" She asks. I almost choked when she said that.
"No, he's a friend," I tell her. She nods and cuddles up next to me. Her breathing evens and she falls asleep. I sigh as her body comes closer to mine. There was a knock on the door and it opened. Titus walked in and I froze.
"Get out," I say. "Tala is sleeping I'm not doing this right now," I growl at him. The rumble in my chest made her start to move a little.
---
"Luna," someone said waking me up. I look up and see the light shining through the curtains. I turn my head and see Charlotte standing there.
"Good morning," I mumble to her. I look down and I see Tala sleeping soundly still. Charlotte looked down at her and smiled.
"Could you make pancakes with two glasses of orange juice?" I request. She nods and walks out the door. I quietly pick up Tala and hold her up to me. She clung around my waist and started to move around.
"Tala it's time to wake up," I whisper to her. She lets out a small groan and sleeps again. "Tala," I said tapping her back. She looks up and rubs her eyes. Her green eyes sparkled as she looked at me. I swiped away the hair from her face and she laid back down on my chest.
"Come on Tala. Pancakes are waiting for you when you change and are ready for today," I tell her. Her face immediately lit up and she jumped off of me and on the ground. I laugh and follow her. I pick her up and bring her to my bathroom. I dug through my drawers and took out a new toothbrush. I opened it and put toothpaste on it and brushed her teeth.
She skipped into my closet and I realized I had no clothes for her. I walk in and see another section of my closet filled with clothes her size. She squeals in excitement and runs to the clothes. I saw a sticky note and grabbed it.
Here's some clothes for Tala
-Titus
That must have been what he came into my room for. I watch her as she goes through the clothes. She picks out a yellow dress with white flowers scattering it.
"Isn't it a bit cold to wear a dress?" I ask her looking at her curiously. She shook her head and quickly changed into it. I smile and shake my head at her cuteness. She takes white sandals out and slips them on. She holds her hands out and I carry her. I walked outside and the scent of breakfast foods filled my senses.
I put Tala on her seat at the table and took a seat. Charlotte hands us pancakes. I had Nutella and fruit and Tala had blueberries on hers. I cut up her pancakes and took the knife away from her so she wouldn't cut herself.

I wipe her mouth and wash her hands. We sit down on the couch. "What do you want to do?" I ask her. She thinks for a second and her daisy lit up.
"I want to see the tall man that I met in that white room," she finally says.
"Which one?" I laugh. She runs off the couch and brings back a picture frame. It was Titus, Brody, and Jacob. She points to the young guy on the right. "Him."
It was Jacob. I nod and I pick her up.
"Charlotte I'll be heading out for an hour," I yell to her. She nods and I leave for the pack house. I walked in and the stench of Titus was everywhere. I walked to Jacob's office and knocked on his door and no one answered. I walk down to Brody's and knock. I heard someone yell come in and I saw Brody sitting at his desk.
"Do you know where Jacob is?" I ask him. He puts his hand on his chest like he was hurt.
"I'm offended I thought you were coming to see me," he said fake pouting. I laugh and look down at Tala.
"This one wants to see him. He must have made an impact on her," I comment. He nods and points down the hall.
"He's in Titus' room," he tells me. I smile thank him and walk Tala down there. I knocked on the door and let in a sharp breath when I heard Titus say come in. I slowly opened the door and Tala ran jumped out of my arms and into Jacob's.
I look around the office and make eye contact with Titus.
###chapter 17
Sophia's POV
I look at Titus and then look away. I felt the bond try to push us towards each other. I let out a shaky breath and looked away from his captivating eyes.
"Watch her for a few my wolf needs a release," I mumble to Jacob and walk out and slam the door on my way out.
"Sophia?" I don't think it's a good idea to go into the woods right now. The rogue attacks are increasing and I don't think it's safe for you," I heard Jacob call after me. I freeze in my position and sigh. I put my back up to the wall and sigh.
"Fine," I huff. I just needed a break away from Titus. I walk around the pack house meeting the pack. I might as well since Titus isn't doing it. I look out the large windows and accidentally bump into someone.
"I'm so sorry," I say looking at the girl. She looked at me in disgust.
"Watch where you're going," she spat. I look at her surprised.
"Watch how you're talking pup," I say back to her. Realization rushes over her face and she smirks.
"Your Sophia. The rejected slut he chose over me. I should have been his Luna and he knows that," she growls at me.
"Watch your tongue. You have about 4 different scents of males on you so don't tell me I'm a slut," I growl louder. She rolls her eyes and leans on her back foot.
"He wants me. He always has you just got in the way. I'll make sure you won't be able to again," she says and walks away. I scoff and walk the other way. I look at the time and it's been an hour or so. I walk back to Titus' office and Tala runs to me. I give her a smile and tell Jacob goodbye.
"Is my mommy coming back?" She asks me. My heart broke for her. I didn't know. I don't know if she'll come back at all.
"I don't know but we'll find her okay?" She nods and leans her head on my shoulder. She went limp in my arms and her breathing evened out. I opened the door to the house and lay her on my bed.
I pick up the phone next to my bed and dial for Brody.
"Hello?" I heard.
"Are you done with all your pack work I really need a release of my anger," I whisper.
"Why are we whispering," he whispers through the phone. I roll my eyes and sigh.
"Tala is sleeping right now and I'm next to her," I say. He made a sound of realization and I laughed.
"Yeah I'm just going through my last papers for a new pack member I'll be done in a few minutes and I'll come," he says. I nod then realize that he couldn't see me. I mentally slap myself and go back to talking to him.
"Alright. Who's the new pack member?" I ask in curiosity. Tala started to shift in the bed and a made a point to talk quietly.
"Didn't Titus tell you? We're making Tala an official member of the pack." I almost dropped my phone. This was important how could he not tell me? Maybe that's what he wanted to tell me last night.
"Alright, I'll see you in a few," I say and hang up. I placed the pack phone down and walked outside, shutting the door quietly on the way out. I walk to the island and see a note.
Dear Luna,
I had to leave to attend to my duties at the pack house. Please forgive me for having to leave. I'll see you tomorrow Luna. I sigh and let out a chuckle. She didn't need to apologize or call me Luna. I set the note down and went to get orange juice. I opened the fridge and there was no sign of orange juice. I groan when I look in the trash and see the empty bottle of orange juice.
"You should really try to drink water sometimes. Orange juice all the time is bad for you," I heard someone say from beside me. I screamed and landed my fist on his face.
"Brody you can't do that to me," I scream at him. He laughs holds his jaw and looks at me.
"Hah, now we're even. Except I didn't attack you when you scared me," he points out.
"Actually if I remember correctly. You continued to chase me around the house and tried to make me say 'Brody is the manliest man'," I contradict. He laughs and points at me.
"You just said it." I roll my eyes at his childish acting.
"Wait I need someone to watch Tala while I'm out," I realize. I couldn't move her so someone would have to come here and watch her.
"I can go and get one of the omegas to watch her while we're out," Brody says.
"That won't be necessary," I heard beside me. I screamed again and went to punch the person again but they caught my hand. His touch sent sparks up my arm and made me shiver. How did I not smell him come in? Maybe it's because everything here smells like him.
"I'll take Sophia out and spar with her you can watch Tala," he says pointing at him. He groans.
"I'm stuck on babysitting duty?" He pouts and grumbles.
"When she wakes up make sure she gets something to eat and while she's sleeping can you get someone to get more orange juice?" I ask. He nods and spaced out, probably mind-link.
"You have to say goodbye to your family first," Titus whispers in my ear sending shivers down my spine. The mate pull made me want to make him take me right there, but I knew I was not ready for that.
I nod and he leads me out of the house and towards the driveway of the pack house. My family was standing there and Terry stood there with Kira. She had bags under her eyes probably from all the crying. James looked at me and his face lit up.
"You're leaving so fast?" I smirk. He nods sadly.
"I wish I could stay longer and hang out with you but there's issues we have to deal with back at the pack," he explains. I nod and give him a big hug.
"Make sure you visit and have time for us when you're Luna," he whispers. I give him a light smile and look at him.
"I could never not have time for you in my life," I smile. I looked at my parents walked to them and hugged them.
"I'll make sure I'll visit you soon," I tell them. They nod and smile at me.
"We're so proud of you," my mom says. I smile and lightly nod at both of them.
"Thank you," I whisper. Tears brimming
my eyes. I didn't know when I would see them next. I walked to Terry and heard Titus' low growls of disapproval. I dismiss them and walk continue.
"You're going to make a great Alpha," I tell him. He nods and I see Kira glare at me.
###chapter 18
"I'm sorry," he whispers. I roll my eyes. He growls lightly at the disrespect I am showing him. I felt Titus' hands on my shoulders leading me out of the situation. They got into their car and waved goodbye and drove off.
"You're going to watch my warriors train today and take notes on how they fight," he tells me. I look at him in disbelief.
"My training is more vigorous than warriors' training," I tell him. He shakes his head.
"My warriors are trained by me. You are not. You need to learn my tactics of fighting," he tells me.
"And what if I'm attached? I'm sure if they get through your warriors, they will know your fighting techniques. So, if I learn them I'll be at a disadvantage because they'll know what I know," I tell him.
"It's nice to know some more tactics," he says dismissing what I just said. I roll my eyes and sigh.
"Your warriors use strength and force. They don't have speed. Fighting your way through everything won't help if you can't get out of that situation," I point out. He let out an agitated sigh and stayed silent. We walked up to the large training area and warriors were lined up in a row.
"Today I have my mate with me so she will be watching us today," he announces. I scanned the row of warriors and only recognized one. Nikolai. I gave him a small smile and he nods.
"Luna," they all greet bowed in submission. I felt power emitting from them. I nod and they all lift their heads.
"Alright, who would like to go first?" Titus asks. One warrior stepped out of the line. He had mussels and dirty blonde hair that flopped over his face.
"Okay, who's going to go against Christopher?" Titus asks. I watched as someone started to come forward but I was quicker.
"I will," I announce. Everyone's eyes widen I think I even saw Titus's eyes widen slightly. I smirk and he nods. Chris walks into the fighting area and I follow.
"You don't need to go easy on me just because I'm the Luna," I tell him while tying my hair up.
"I wasn't planning to Luna," he smirks. He gets in position, bending his knees and leaning forward. I would be able to beat him in strength but definitely in speed.
"No shifting until I say so," Titus says. We both nod and I bend my knees and my elbows.
"3. 2. 1. Go," he says counting down. I smile as he quickly charges at me. I watch his footing as he plants his foot into the ground and lands a punch on my stomach. I heard a protective growl come from Titus but I was already too focused on fighting back with him.
"Why aren't you fighting back Luna?" He says circling me. I smirk and notice he starts to run up to me. He plants his left foot on the ground and swings his arm. I duck and grab it mid-air. I use my strength and flip him onto his back using my body.
He lets out a series of coughs from getting the wind knocked out of him but he gets back on his feet.
"Let's speed it up it's getting boring to watch," I heard someone yell out. I turned to the source of the voice and it was someone I'd never seen before.
"Rule number 1. Don't take your eye off your opponent," I heard Caleb say. I smirk as everything around us is quiet. I focused my hearing waiting for him to steady himself before punching me. It never came so I assumed he was going to try to get me off my feet. I jumped as he tried to swipe me off my feet and socked him in the face.
He stumbles backward but catches himself. He swings his arm at my face and I duck and swipe him off his feet. He did a back roll until he was on his hands and feet. He got up and charged at me. He looks up his eyes glowing golden. He ran to me catching me off guard. He wraps his arms around me and slams me into the tree.
I let out a groan as I saw his fist in front of my face. I move my head out of the way and his fists get lodged into the tree I was currently pinned on. The large splinters of wood cause his hand to be stuck in the tree. I take this chance and let my wolf come out. I felt my canines lengthen and so did my claws. I took my hand and stabbed my claws into his back and dragged my hand down it. He growls at me and tries to bite my arm but I send a blow to his stomach. He stumbles backwards which causes his arm to be free. He sends that fist straight to my face.
He was too quick after he got loose. I stumbled onto my back and held my hand to my face. Blood came from my lip and stained my hand. He held his hands on me so I couldn't move. I thrashed under him trying to get free. He lifted his hand to try to get another punch at me but I grabbed his fist before he could hit my face. The impact on my shoulder caused me to groan softly. I pushed through the pain used my strength and crushed his fist. He retracted his fist quickly in pain.
My wolf begged to be let out and have full control to do whatever she could to take out her anger. I flashed my golden eyes at Titus begging him to be let loose. He gives me a nod and I smile.
"Shift," he announces. I heard a few cheers from the small crowd as my wolf came forward. I let her take control as she was released from the cage of skin. She stood proudly eyeing the male in front of us. She let out a powerful roar and he quickly shifted to his gray wolf. I felt the power radiating from my wolf. The male jumped through the air making his fist move. My wolf jumped at him tackling him to the ground. He growled and sank his teeth into my shoulder. I whimpered in pain and bared my teeth at him. I felt his teeth reach bone and he let go. He got out of my hole from under me and snarled at me.
She licked her mouth as she swiftly made her way zig-zagging her way around the male and sinking her teeth into his back. He arched his back in pain and sank to the ground. She planted her foot on his neck and growled at him to submit.
He growled in defiance but I snapped my teeth at him. He whimpered at the disapproval of his Luna and turned his head in submission. My wolf puffed up in pride and quickly ran to Titus. I pulled her back and I shifted back to skin. He took his shirt off and put it on me being careful not to hit any of my bruises. I saw the she-wolves drool at the sight of Titus shirtless. I saw one come up and grab his arm. It was the same girl I saw earlier. She looks at me and smirks.
"Titus baby can you fix my bra clasp, please? I think it came loose," she asks turning around and lifting her shirt. I rolled my eyes at this slut and leaned on my back foot. He fixed it and pulled her shirt back down. She turned around and smiled at him.
"Thank you," she said pecking his lips and skipping off to her friends. I didn't wait to hear Titus apologize. I ran off into the woods in anger.
###chapter 19
Sophia's POV
I shifted back into my wolf and ran far from him. I run the far way back to the house and shift back.
"Brody toss me your shirt," I call out to him when I see him sitting there on his phone. He looks at me and nods. He pulls it over his head and tosses it to me. I mumble a thank you run off to a spare room and crumble down at the door.
I had to use all my strength to not go back there and tear that she-wolf into pieces. Tears run down my face and I stuff my face into my knees. I've been crying lately but it's not like my world is falling apart.
I felt the door vibrate as someone knocked on it. The smell of Titus came through under the door and I let out a shaky breath.
"Go away Titus," I tried to say as I wasn't crying but it failed. I hit my head against the door in aggravation. I stood up and opened the door and stared at him with tears running down my face.
"I'm sorry," he whispers. I let out a hurt laugh and shook my head.
"Do you know how that made me feel? It felt like someone took my heart in their hand and crushed it right in front of me. It felt like someone had stabbed me in my stomach and you stood there and did nothing," I growl at him. I wipe the tears from my eyes and walk past him.
"What did you want me to do I can't attack her in front of my pack," he yells from the doorway.
"You're the fucking Alpha and you let everyone watch you betray your mate right in front of me. How the fuck do you think that makes me feel. You haven't introduced me to any of your pack and now some she-wolf thinks she's Luna? I'm done with the bullshit," I mumble.
"How do you think I felt when you keep pushing me away? You pushed me away when we almost mated. You pushed me away last night and now you're pushing me away," he tells me.y eyes flashed with anger as I look at him.
"You know why I ran from you? It's because I'm terrified. I'm terrified of losing you and I run when I'm scared. I was scared of rejection so I ran from my pack. I froze up when I tried to save Tala in the rouges in the woods. My life is falling apart and I can't do anything about it but wait. You don't want me as a mate. I'm too high maintenance. If there was a way to get your true mate back I would make sure you choose her instead of me. I'm too broken for anyone to have me," I finally say.
He looks at me with regret and guilt in his eyes. I felt my legs give out and my vision became blurred and I collapsed to the ground. I groan as I feel Titus's hands on my back and hand.
"You're bleeding out why the fuck aren't you healing?" he asks me worried. I called out to my wolf but I couldn't sense her. The she-wolf must have made her distraught.
"My wolf is gone," I mumble to him. He slams his fist into the wall next to me but I was too weak to react to it.
"Take me to the pack hospital," I mumble to him weakly. He shakes his head and sighs.
"They're all in meetings today," he tells me. "Where the fuck is your wolf?"
"Where the fuck is my wolf?" I ask him. "Maybe it was caused by my mate kissing some other she-wolf I point out." He sighs and picks me up.
"Brody?" I weakly called out to him. He walks from the kitchen and looks at me.
"Take Tala and distract her for a while I don't need her to see me right now," I tell him weekly. Brody takes Tala out of the room while Titus shields me with his body. Once she was out, he walked me into my room and laid me on the bed.
"Your injuries right now are fatal to humans and without your wolf, you're a human," he tells me.
"Thanks for pointing that out Sherlock," I said rolling my eyes. He walks into my bathroom grabs the med pack out of my bathroom and sits me up. He takes the gauze out lifts my shirt and starts to wrap it.
"Shit Sophia I'm so sorry," he apologizes. I sigh and look away. I watch the leaves slowly fall down the trees leaving them empty. The forest ground around the house was brown. I don't know why they see leaves as different colors. They just end up dead anyway.
"When does Dr. Jones get back?" I ask him. He blanks out for a few seconds then looks back at me with sorrow in his eyes.
"Three hours," he tells me. I let out a groan and started to turn onto my side but Titus held me on my back.
"Don't fidget or move. You'll be in more pain if you start moving around," he says moving his thumb back and forth caressing my arm.
I let out a whimper as pain shot up through my spine and throughout my body.
"Shh, I know baby. I requested a pack doctor from the nearest pack they're on the way right now. You'll be alright," he whispers trying to soothe me.
"Aren't there nurses today?" I groan slightly with each word. The pain was becoming unbearable. If my wolf was here I could handle it but she isn't.
"There are two and they are both missing I have my pack members looking for them as we speak," he tells me kissing my forehead. I felt my wolf slightly as his lips on our body.
"Kiss me again," I say quickly determined to get my wolf back. He looks at me confused but his eyes filled with lust.
"I hardly think it's the time for that right now considering the pain you're in," he says but his body says otherwise. He carefully leaned his head to my neck and left a trail of small kisses until he got to my lip. I felt the power of my wolf start to seep back in.
The pain in my back started to disappear. I gained the energy pack to wrap my arms around his neck and pull him closer to me. The scent of another female on Titus made my wolf want to put ours on him.
I push away as a sharp pain shoots through my spine again at such a sudden movement. Titus growls in disapproval then back away looking into my eyes. "They're here."
I heard two soft knocks on the door and two doctors came in.
"Thank you for coming Dr. Woods and Lewis," he greets them. Both male doctors lifted me off of my back and onto my chest. I let out a yelp as my face hit the pillow. Titus lets out a growl at how they are handling me.
They lifted my shirt to my chest and started to unwrap the bandages Titus put on. I felt Titus' gaze on my back like I had some sort of infection. My back tingled everywhere he laid his eyes on me. I felt something wet on my back as they cleaned my wounds.
My wolf whimpered in my head wanting Titus' lips back on our body.
'You went missing for an hour when he was here you can't be grumbling in my head,' I tell her frustrated. I see her roll her eyes and I growl at her.
'I took all the damn pain while you were off sulking somewhere so be quiet,' I snap at her. She lowers her head and lays down quietly.
"Okay you should be healed in 30 minutes since your wolf is back," Dr. Lewis tells me. I flip back over feeling a little pain and thank both doctors. Titus shows them out of the house and walks back into my room.
"I don't think I've ever told you these walls are soundproof," he says slowly closing the doors and locking them. His eyes were glazed with lust as he looked at me. He crawls onto the bed and puts his hand on the backboard steadying himself and his other across my body.
He leans down and kisses me. "Titus," I warned. He smiles and kisses me again. His hand wandered under my back and my shirt. His hand wanders under my bra and massages my back. He deepens the kiss as I feel his waist push into mine.
My hands wander through his hair and onto his back pulling myself to him. I felt my need for him grow as the bond between us tightened. I felt something hard push through his pants and onto my leg.
"Titus," I groan as he thrust his hips on me. I flip him under me and straddle him no longer having control over my body. He leaves a trail of small kisses down my neck as I grind my hips on his. I moan as he starts to suck on the spot where my mark was supposed to be. My hands go under his shirt lifting it over his head. My hands run over his abs as he continues to kiss me. He pulled my shirt over my head and started to work on my bra.
I made a sound to tell him to stop. "It's moving too quickly," I whisper on his lips. He nods, respecting my decision but still, his hands find their way underneath my bra. His hand massages my breast as I deepen the kiss.
"Mark me," I moan to Titus as his bulge thrusts into my hips. He stopped kissing me and pushed his head back.
"You sure? I thought you weren't ready," he says out of breath. I breathe heavily trying to catch my breath as I put my head on his chest.
"Don't let me change my decision," I say kissing his jawline and then his lips. He flips us over and straddles me hunching over and kissing my neck. I let out a shaky breath as I tried to prepare myself for him to mark me.
I felt his canines sharpen against my skin as I showed my neck for him to mark me. I feel his teeth sink into my neck and I let out a cry of pain but eventually, it became a pleasure. I moan in delight as pleasure overtook my body. I felt another presence force itself into my head. I felt the bond seal in between us. He takes his canines out of my neck and licks the blood off my neck cleaning it.
I felt my vision blur and the last thing I saw or felt was Titus' lips on mine.
###chapter 20
Sophia's POV
"Sophiaaaa," I heard pulling me out of the darkness. I look up from my pillow and see Tala sitting on my stomach. Her smile intensifies as she sees my gaze come across hers. My room door swings open and Brody runs into my room.
"Tala I told you that you can't disturb Sophia," Brody says picking her up off of me.
"I'm so sorry Sophie I was supposed to keep her out of here," he apologizes giving Tala a slight glare. I stifle a growl towards Brody for treating Tala like that.
"How long have I been out?" I ask him looking out the large window wall. I look back at him and shift my body into a more comfortable position.
"It's been three days," he says setting Tala back down. She hops back onto my bed and lies down next to me.
"Where's Titus?" I wonder. My hand goes to my tender neck and runs over the two puncture holes that was recently made three days ago. His presence in my head was made known when I felt a pressure on my mind. I opened my walls and let him through.
"Did you just wake up?" I heard his deep voice ask through the link we now shared. Now he knew all my thoughts, feelings, and emotions.
"Yes Sophia I do know all your thoughts feelings and emotions," I heard him say. I could basically see his smirk through the link as he said that.
"Yes I did just wake up but I might just go back to sleep to avoid you," I say back sarcastically. I heard him scoff through the link and I laugh.
"You enjoying the link y'all have now?" Brody asks with a smirk on his face. I roll my eyes and sit up.
"Woah there tiger where are you going?" He says holding his hands out to help me. I look at him weirdly.
"Um my bathroom is there a reason you're being protective all of a sudden?" I ask suspiciously. He puts his hands back to his side.
"Well since you've been marked Titus has become more possessive and wants you to be watched wherever you go especially with the increase of rouge attacks," He explains. I shake my head in disapproval.
"So you have to follow me everywhere?" I ask raising my eyebrow.
"Well not me to be exact more like a trained member of the pack has to be with you wherever you go," he starts to explain. I let out a sigh and start to walk to the bathroom.
"So are you gonna come into the bathroom or are you gonna wait outside," I ask a little sarcastically. His face reddens and he shakes his head.
"I'll stay outside and watch Tala," he chuckles. I laugh to myself and walk in and close the door.
"Wait Tala needs to get ready," I said peeking my head out of the door realizing she wasn't changed when she was on top of me. Tala leaps out of Brody's arms and ran into mine. I stuck my tongue out and Brody fake pouted.
"Hah she likes me better," I laugh. He rolls his eyes and flicks his wrists telling me to go into the bathroom. I lock the door behind me and set her down on the sink counter.
"I need to get you a stool that way you can reach the sink," I tell her. She nods and I laugh at her cute face. We brush our teeth and change and we walk out holding hands. I put her on the chair and I see Charlotte and Brody talking.
Now thatI saw them standing side by side I could see the resemblance in their faces. Their eyes had the same glow I see in Brody's.
I take out a new bottle of orange juice and pour two glasses. One for Tala and one for me.
"Sophie?" I heard Brody ask.
"Hmm?" I said not taking my eyes off of the glass I was pouring. I walk over to Tala and set the glasses then rest my weight on the table.
"I noticed when your family was here that you don't look anything like them," he commented. I lifted my eyebrow and gave him a confused look.
"I'm mean it's not a bad thing but your hair color is black and you parents' and James' is brown and I took them on a run and their wolves are brown while yours is a dark silver," he points out.
Charlotte slaps his arm, "Don't be rude Joseph," she whispers.
"Joseph?" I said holding in a laugh. He let out a groan at his mom.
"My birth name is Joseph Brody Montgomery but I go by Brody, Mom," he said glaring at her. I let out a chuckle. I felt a tug on my shirt and I look down at Tala.
"I'm hungry," she mumbles at me. I nod and I see Charlotte bringing two plates of spaghetti. I silently celebrated in my head and put a handful of cheese on her plate.
"It's fine Charlotte I don't mind I just never noticed the difference between my family and I," I tell her. I take my seat next to Tala and start eating my pasta.
"Titus wants you to join tonight for the pack dinner," Brody says sitting across from me. I freeze and look up at him.
"Do you love Titus," I heard Tala ask. I swear I think everything in the house froze. "Did I say something wrong?" she asks looking up at me. I laugh and shake my head.
"No your just really smart for your age," I laugh. "Yes I do love Titus a lot. I'm scared of losing him but I love him a lot," I tell her. I shocked myself too because I confessed my love for him to this four year old.
"Does he love you?" She asks. I laugh at her questions. She really is an interesting child.
"I hope he does," I whisper rubbing my mark unintentionally. Brody lets out a cough bringing me out of my thoughts.
"This is the annual pack feast. We host one every year and almost all pack members join. After dinner we all go on a run and we hunt for our wolves," he explains what is happening tonight.
"He wants me to come to that?" I ask. He nods and I sigh.
"Of course you have to come You're our Luna now," he said pointing to my mark. My face reddened and I looked back down at my food.
"You don't need to dress fancy just don't dress too comfortable," he says getting up from his seat.
"My mom is leaving to help prepare for tonight and I have duties to attend to so I'll send Jacob...Wait he's busy I'll send Nikolai," he says. I give him a nod and I see Tala frown when she heard that Jacob was busy.
"We'll see Jacob tonight," I ran down and whisper into her ear. A smile replaces the pout on her face letting me know she was excited.
We spent most of our day watching Disney movies and working on the garden. Nikolai always around the corner made me felt uneasy knowing he was watching my every move.
"Sophia the dinner is in about an hour," he tells me as I finish planting the last flower in the dirt.
"What time is it?" I ask patting the dirt down so it's even and wiping my hands off.
"It's 5:37," he says. I let out a string of curses in my head and quickly took my gloves off. I carry Tala out of the dirt she was lying in and out her in his arms.
"Get her cleaned up and I'll take out clothes for her to wear she knows how to change herself," I tell him quickly then run back into the house. I take my gardening apron of and throw it on the floor of my room and rush into the closet.
I pull out leggings, boots, and a long coat for Tala. I run outside and throw it at Nikolai and I hear Tala's giggles when I rush back to the room. I quickly take a shower and wear casual clothes like Brody said. I combed through my hair and saw that I had about 22 minutes left. I stopped for a second and took a breather.
"Sophiaaa," I heard Tala's small voice say through the door. I smile and open the door quickly. She jumped back in fright and I laughed.
"You look so cute." She smiles and does a twirl to show me her outfit.
"Can we go see Jacob now?" She asks with hope in her eyes. I look at Nikolai and he nods. I look back at her and nod. She jumps in excitement and holds her hands out for me to carry her.
"Lazy butt," I laugh and pick her up. I rest her on my hip and we walk out. I expected to see the sky of the beautiful sunset I saw outside my window but no I bumped into something hard.
Hands held onto my arms to make sure I don't fall. The tingles shot up my arm and Titus' scent mixed with cologne calmed me down.
"I'm scared," I whispered into his chest. He moved his hands to my back and one to my hair. He plants a soft kiss on my forehead.
"I'll be right there with you," he said lightly kissing the mark he gave me three days ago. I shivered as the tingles went down my spine.
I felt Tala shuffle uncomfortably in my arms and I look at her looking at someone who was walking our way. She wiggles out of my arms and into Jacob's.
"Well looks like none of us can compete with Jacob," Brody says throwing his hands in the air. We all laugh and I see Tala rest her head on his shoulder and fall asleep.
"How did you just do that?" I ask questioning his ways. "I couldn't put her to sleep the whole day."
He shrugs and gives me a smirk, "I'm better than you." I roll my eyes and shake my head at him.
"So are we going to go to this dinner or just stand out here?" I heard Brody ask. Titus' arm finds his way around my waist and we head towards the large pack house.
We head towards the west wing of the large house and up to two large silver doors. Through the doors I hear someone announcing.
"Now I would like to introduce Alpha Titus with his Luna Sophia, accompanied with Beta Brody and Gamma Jacob with Miss Tala."
21
Sophia's POV
You know that feeling when you're called up to the front of the classroom to present your projects to the class. So, you get up and walk down the aisle through the desks and everyone's staring at you. That's how it felt. Titus' arm around my waist, Brody by my side, and Jacob and Tala on Titus' other side. As we walked by the pack members stood up and submitted.
"I feel underdressed," I whisper to Titus. I was wearing a plain dress but it felt like I needed to be dressed up more.
"You're fine sweetheart. You can do whatever you'd like," he says planting a kiss on my temple. I heard a faint growl near the back of the room.
Titus stops walking making everyone look up. His arm keeps me from moving too far away from him. His head snaps towards the faint growling I heard.
"Move aside," he says lowly in his Alpha tone. The harshness in his voice made my wolf want to submit and back away but I stood by his side.
People parted the isles in between the tables like the Red Sea did for Moses. In the middle of the aisle at the back stood the She-wolf that kissed my mate.
"Lyra what do you think you're doing, threatening my mate and your Luna," he said raising his voice with each word. So that's what her name was Lyra.
"Titus baby you know she's not your real mate, I am," she says seductively. Titus lets out a low growl.
"How dare you act that way in front of the whole pack," he growls. "You're dismissed from dinner and the pack run tonight."
She lets out a scoff and walks out one of the side doors. Titus walks back to me and we continue walking.
We came up to a large table with two large chairs and three smaller chairs but larger than the normal Charles everyone else was using.
Titus pulled out a chair for me and I sat down. Titus sat to the right of me Brody sat two seats down from me and Jacob sat next to Titus.
Jacob handed me Tala, who was still out. I let her sling her legs on either side of me and lean on my chest. Omegas came around holding platters of food and setting them down on all the tables.
If this pack was like my old pack, that means the Alpha Female had to eat before everyone else could. Titus took a plate and piled food on it. He took a fork and twirled spaghetti in it, my favorite.
He held the fork up to my mouth and I looked at him shocked. Him feeding me right now is showing everyone his love for me. He gave me a small nod so I opened my mouth and ate it. Everyone cheered and started taking food.
"Tala you need to wake up for dinner," I whisper to her and lightly tap her. She looks up at me and lets out a small groan.
"There's spaghetti," I said bribing her to wake up. Her head shot up and I let out a laugh. I put her in the seat next to me and took and gave it to Tala.
"Here," Titus says putting a pill into my palm. "Dr. Jones told me to give these to you, one before breakfast and one before dinner for a week."
I nod and take it with a large sip of water. I looked over at Titus' food and saw that he hadn't touched any of his food.
"Are you going to eat?" I ask him. He shook his head and I looked at him with confusion on my face.
"I'm waiting for you to finish your face your food," he says holding another spoon full to my mouth. I grab his hand and put it back on my plate.
"That's stupid, your food is going to get cold and then I'll feel bad and you don't want me to feel bad right?" I said using that card and doing my best puppy eyes.
"I hate the effect you have on me," he whispers into my ear. Shivers went down my back and my need for him grew.
"Get a room," I heard Brody yell probably smelling my arousal. I shot over to where he was sitting and my face immediately became red from embarrassment. Brody's face had a smirk on his face.
"Let's get finished with our food then we can feed our wolves," Titus said standing up. The pack roared in cheer and he sat back down.
"You better eat," I mumble to him. He rolls his eyes and sits back down. He starts to eat his food and I continue to finish mine.
"What are we hunting tonight? My wolf keeps begging me for a release," I ask as my wolf keeps pacing in my mind.
"There's a herd of deer coming in and many a few moose in the woods," he says nonchalantly. My wolves' ears perked up at the mention of moose.
"Ugh now she's more excited for tonight," I said letting out a groan. He let out a laugh that made my heart flip. I felt his wolf call out to mine. My wolf started to gain more confidence and pushed her way out of me. I saw Titus' gaze on me as he felt the battle between my wolf and me.
I felt my eyes glow a bright silver and my claws come out. I dig them into my skin and take deep breaths to try to calm my wolf.
"Sophia focus on your breathing," Titus said wrapping his hand around my fists. I took. A deep breath in and exhaled. I felt my eyes turn back and my claws go back.
"I'm sorry," I whisper to him. "She's been gaining more of a temper lately."
"When was the last time you had a release?" He asks opening my fists and looking at the blood running down my arms.
"A week maybe? I lost track since the rouges have been increasing," I say. He takes a napkin and dips it in water. He lightly wipes the blood off my hands and stands up.
"You're dismissed from dinner. Take a few minutes to get ready and at 11:30 meet at the border of the forest." The pack exited and Titus sat back down with me.
"I'll get border patrol to put around the secluded area so you can have a release," he said and kissed my temple.
"Thank you," I whisper as my wolf seems to settle down in my heart. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding and stood up.
"Someone needs to watch Tala," I say looking at her. She had fallen back asleep but she finished eating.
"I can watch her Sophia," I heard from someone beside Brody. Charlotte came out from beside him and I nodded.
"Will you not be at the pack run tonight?" I ask as I lightly pick Tala up.
"Oh no I'm getting too old for that," she laughs. "I rather stay back and watch Tala." I nod and hand her over. Tala snuggles her head into her shoulder and sighs with content.
"Her pajamas are laid out on my bed, she doesn't need to shower just make sure she brushes her teeth." She nods and walks out of the large room.
"It's almost 11:30 I think we should start heading out," Jacob says. Titus nods and he takes my hand and intertwines his fingers with mine. We walked towards the meeting place and talked about their days.
"My break days start tomorrow so you'll have me all to yourself this weekend," he whispers to me as Jacob and Brody talk about it. I silently celebrate in my head and smile at him.
We came up to the border of the forest and I saw mostly all the pack members there.
"You and Titus will lead the pack and Brody and I will trail behind," Jacob explains to me. I nod and walk to the front of the pack with Titus.
"You get the first kill of the night," Titus tells me. My wolf's ears perked up and she excitedly jumped in my head.
"Can we leave before I get a headache?" I ask. He let out a chuckle and commanded everyone to shift. The cracking of bones was the only thing I heard until hundreds of wolves stood behind me. My wolf begged to be let free so I let her free. She shifted, escaping my prison of skin.
She let out a large howl and ran. The howl was carried on by the pack as she ran with Titus next to her. She let out a yip and I sat back and let her hunt. The scent of deer and moose came quickly to her and she changed directions.
She began to pick up the pace until she slowly came to a stop and crouched down.
"There are moose behind those trees," I suddenly heard. I almost let out a yelp because I forgot Titus could now mind link with me.
"Yeah, I know she senses them," I reply. Titus' wolf gave my wolf a nudge to tell her to go for it. She dashes quickly in and out of trees and dug her claws into its back. She fell to the ground and its antlers hit her in the side. She let out a large growl and dug her teeth into its leg. Its front legs buckled and she dug her teeth into its neck and tore it out. It went limp and fell in front of her.
She got up and tore its stomach out. She ran over to Titus and dropped it in front of him and nudged it towards him. She was asking him if he was proud. He slowly lowered his head and nudged it back towards her. He was proud.
She proudly took the piece of meat and ate it. She dug into the large animal she killed. After she finished she sighed contently and Titus finished the scraps. He let out a howl as a signal that they could hunt.
22
Sophia's POV
It's been a while since I've had a nice quiet day all to myself. I've lived in constant fear since the day I was captured at 15. 6 fucking months in that torture cell. But now laying here next to Titus made me feel safe.
I traced my finger through his abs slowly. Tala lightly clung onto my other arm. There were two light knocks on the door and I quietly said come in, in an effort to not wake Tala up. I see Jacob's head peek through the door.
"Titus sent me to watch over Tala for the day," he whispers, taking notice that Tala was sleeping. I look at Titus and see a sly grin on his face but his eyes are still closed.
"You know sending people to the room will not help you act like you're sleeping, it kinda defeats the purpose," I laugh. He opens his eyes and meets mine. His eyes soften around the edges and he gives me a soft smile. I turn around and face Tala and lightly tap her.
"Jacob is here to play with you today," I whisper into her ear. She immediately sits up and I laugh.
"What did you tell her?" Jacob asks. I shrug and lift my eyebrows.
"I guess you'll never know," I say giving him a cheeky smile. He rolls his eyes and Tala runs into his arms.
"I think we should go get ice cream and a lot of candy then tonight you can play with Sophia all night," Jacob tells Tala while giving me a smirk. She lets out a cheer and they leave.
"She's gonna be awake all night," I groan and turn my face into Titus's chest. His hand went to my cheek and his thumb slowly caressed my cheek.
"I think you should get some rest now, it's only about 7:30 you could get another two hours of sleep," he whispers. I nod and snuggle into his chest and listen to the steady beat of his heart. How did I get such a wonderful mate?
"The moon goddess blessed you with a wonderful mate like me," Titus' voice intrudes into my head. I jumped out of shock and Titus' deep laugh filled the room.
"I can read your mind now," he whispers into my ear.
"No shit Sherlock," I laugh and roll my eyes. It was amazing how our bodies fit perfectly together.
Titus' scent was like a drug to me. It made me drowsy and slowly I fell asleep, wrapped up in his arms.

The smell of tomatoes and vegetables that floated through the room was the first thing I noticed when I woke up. The second thing was that I was no longer in Titus' comforting arms.
I get up out of bed and give my hair a quick brush before I walk outside. I silently make my way to the kitchen and see Titus cooking. I sit down silently and watch him cook.
"I think you look cute when you cook, you should do it more often." The words came out before I could even tell my brain not to say anything.
"Only for you angel," he says setting a plate of spaghetti in front of me. I open my mouth to ask for cheese but he places down the bag of cheese. I open my mouth again to ask for orange juice but I see him take the bottle out.
"You know me so well," I laugh as I pour cheese into my pasta. He sets the glass in front of me and sits next to me with a bowl of pasta.
"Why do you like orange juice so much," he asks. I stayed silent for a second because it felt rude to talk with my mouth stuffed with pasta.
"I don't know, but my grandma always made me fresh orange juice when I was younger so I guess it just grew on me," I said, taking another bite of spaghetti after.
"I think you would like my sister," he mentioned randomly. I swear he mentioned about a sister before, but I don't remember.
"Her name is Sienna, she's been dying to meet you," he explains. I forgot that I haven't met any of his family yet.
"Yeah, when am I gonna meet your family?" I ask.
"Well my mom usually stays in her cabin about a mile from here, it's hard to drag her out since my dad died." Sorrow fills my eyes as I remember how his dad had died in an attack.
"My sister lives in the Midnight pack. Her mate is Alpha Kian so they're busy a lot but, Thanksgiving is coming up," he adds.
"Damn I can't believe I've almost been here for three months," I exclaim, taking a sip of my orange juice.
"Time flies when you're having fun," he smirks.
"Who said I was having fun?" I smile. His wolf let out a small whine and I laughed.
"Of course, I'm having fun here. I'm not always in constant worry anymore," I say. Titus blanks out for a few seconds then lets out a growl.
"We can't have a day all to ourselves," he mumbles and gets up.
"What's wrong?" I ask, worried.
"There was another note found last night again," he sighs. My wolf growls and I start to worry.
"Then let's go see it," I say. We start walking but I tell him to wait. I run back to the counter and chug the rest of my orange juice.
"Okay, we can go now," I smile. He laughs and wraps his arm protectively around me.
"It'll be alright," I say, rubbing my hand up and down his arm. He leans down to the crook of my neck and calms himself with my scent.
I see Brody walk towards us with a bloody piece of paper in his hand. My heart rate began to increase and the worry came seeping back. Titus soothingly caresses the small of my back.
Titus takes the note and starts to read it out loud.
"Dear Alpha Titus, congratulations on the new mark you've added to her neck. It looks pitiful to the several marks we've made on her body. See you in a few weeks, Sophia.
-R."
My body starts to shake involuntarily. My mind races with the thought of going back to that horrid place. A few weeks. I could be dead in a few weeks. I feel my throat close and I begin to gasp for air. I didn't notice that Titus had come next to me till I felt sparks fly up my arms.
"Breathe Sophia, you need to breathe." I take in weak breaths but my body starts to shake less. My breathing became more controlled and I fell into Titus' arms.
"I'm scared," I whisper to him. He wraps his arms around me and we lay in the grass.
"I'll always be there to protect you, I'll always keep you safe no matter what," he coos. What he said didn't help me because I knew I would be back there.
My wolf caught a horrid scent that the wind carried from the forest.
"Rouges," Brody and Titus said. A warrior, I assumed, walked out of the forest with a tight grip on two scratched-up and bloody rouges.
"They demanded they see you Alpha," he says shoving them forward. It was a woman and a guy. The woman lifted her head and Titus instantly let out a growl.
"Get off my land Isabella," he roared and stood up.
"Mommy!" I heard Tala's little voice exclaim. I quickly ran and grabbed her before she got too close.
"I smelled rouges," Jacob said walking from the pack house. I looked at him like he was stupid.
"So you brought Tala? Do you know how bad that could've been?" I ask raising my voice.
"I'm sorry," he mumbles. I let out a sigh and saw Tala's gaze on the rouges.
"I want to see Mommy," she screams as she thrashes around in my arms. I held her close to me and looked at the rouges.
"Is-Isabella?" I hear Jacob's question. His eyes filled with regret then anger as he looked at the male wolf.
"Keep that accident away from me," she growls as she points at Tala.
"Wait she's yours?" Jacob asks. She nods and Tala thrashes around.
"I don't want her I was going to put her up for adoption but Jake fucking made me keep her," she growls. Tala came out of my grasp but I quickly grabbed her again.
"Tala you have to calm down. Mommy needs to go bye-bye," I whisper to her. "You can stay here with Jacob and me."
"Isabella you have 5 minutes to get out of this territory before I snap both of your necks for hurting my Gamma. You will no longer have any control over what we do with Tala." Then it hit me. This was Jacob's mate who rejected him.
"Jacob take Tala to Charlotte she'll distract her for a bit," I say handing her to Jacob.
"If you do not leave this pack lands I will personally hunt you down for leaving two wonderful people," I growl. I felt my wolf coming out and my eyes began to glow. The man, Jake, and Isabella gasped.
"She's the one we've been looking for," she whispers. I grab her by the neck.
"What do you mean," I growl. Sparks flew up my arm and my wolf seemed calmer.
"Calm down Sophia," Titus whispers in my ear. I drop her to the ground and she gasps for air.
"LEAVE," I roar.
---
23
Sophia's POV
I fell to the ground as they ran back into the forest. I lifted my shaky hands and stared at them.
"Hey Soph thank you for sticking up for me," Jacob says. I felt like a monster. I could've killed her.
Titus picked me up and wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. I sob into his shoulder while he brings us back to the house. He sits on the couch but I still stay wrapped around his body.
"I'm so scared," I whisper to him. He rubs his hand up and down my back trying to soothe me but tears welled up in my eyes.
"I'll always be there to protect you baby," he says kissing my temple. My mind raced down f memories of the few months I was in that torture cell. I felt my throat close and I began to sob uncontrollably.
"Hey, Hey Sophia you need to breathe through your nose," Titus says as I sit up and my chest begins to heave up and down. I breathing became raspy as I thought about what would happen if I go back there.
"You're not going back there. I promise I'll do whatever it takes to protect you," he says as I kept taking short, deep breaths. I stuck my head in the crook of his neck and take in a deep breath of his scent. I relaxed in his arms but stayed in that position letting his scent take over me.
"You promise?" I ask him in a small whisper. He nods and I close my eyes and fall asleep in his arms.
4 months in
"Get up bitch," The man growled. He was a new person that came in a few days ago. I lifted my head weakly, pulling myself up from the chains.
He held up a metal rod with a flat edge at the end. In his other hand, he held a blowtorch up to the flat end and heated it up. The metal became red and became smoky. He threw the blowtorch to the ground and held the rod up to my shoulder. As the heated metal made contact with my skin, I let out a piercing scream of agony.
He lifted the rod off of my burning skin and I saw a burn mark of scratch marks on top of my birthmark. I stared at it as it slowly started to fade. With my wolf constantly being pumped with silver and wolfsbane, she still is stronger than she should be. My body on the other hand was becoming weak.
"Damn it," he screams me as he throws the rod at me. It barely missing my head.
"Baby you need to wake up," Titus says shaking me. His voice pulls me out of the memory of when I was kidnapped. I sit up and Titus wraps his arms around me.
"Hey it's okay you're not there anymore, you're here with me," he coos. I nod and wipe the tears forming in my eyes.
"Look in a few days, it marks the third month you've been with us," he says. "Which means-"
"My heart will be coming soon," I say finishing his sentence. He nods confirming my sentence.
"Also a week after that, the annual Alpha meeting is coming up," he says. I sigh and lay back down on the bed.
"Tomorrow we'll leave to my cabin just at the edge of the border. Brody will watch over the pack while we're away and we can stay there for a week," he says. I nod and keep my gaze at the ceiling.
"Wait tomorrow?" I say sitting up. He nods and groan.
"That means I have to pack and find someone to watch Tala," I complain.
"Well Jacob will watch over Tala all week and I already packed for you," he smiled, pointing at the suitcase in the corner of my room. I give him a smile and look out the window.
"We leave 7AM tomorrow," he says. It was already 9PM and I wanted to call my brother.
"Can I call my brother for a few minutes?" I ask Titus. He nods and walks out the door and I take out my phone and dial his number. It rang twice then he picked up.
"Hello?" James asks from the other end.
"Hey James," I say. I heard a loud bang in the back and a string of curses.
"Shit, hey Sophie," he says.
"What's going on in the background?" I questioned as I heard another loud bang.
"Laura is throwing a tantrum because we caught her trying to sneak into the woods to watch the warriors train," he says while a scream comes through the line.
"Look just pick her in her room for a bit and watch the windows and she'll calm down by herself," I explain how to control her.
"Alright give me a second." I hear the door slam and Laura scream.
"Hey I'm back," he says.
"The rouges...they're coming back for me, they've been leaving letters, in a few weeks, they said I'll be back with them," I said, my voice becoming shaky.
"Look Sophie if they ever lay a hand on you again I'll kill every single one of them," he says.
"Well you have to wait in line. Titus is going to kill all of them first," I laugh.
"I'll come visit you in two weeks," he says.
"I have a Alpha meeting to attend to that week, I'm sorry," I apologize. "It's fine I'll find some time to visit you in the near future," he says. I could basically see his smile as he was talking to me. I missed him the most in my family. He wasn't only my brother but he was my best friend.
"Terry's ceremony is tomorrow. He's gonna become Alpha without a Luna," he sighs. Serves him right he rejected me and thought Kira could be his replacement.
"That means your gonna be Beta," I said with a smile on his face. I was supposed to take the Beta position because he wanted to be a warrior instead, but fate had other plans for me.
"Unfortunately but, I just realized I'll be at the Alpha meeting too as his Beta," he says.
"Yay that means I can see you," I said with a big smile on my face.
"Look I have to go Laura got a little to quiet," he says.
"Alright see you in a few big bro." I hang up and throw my phone beside me.
"So Terry is becoming an Alpha tomorrow?" Titus asks as he walks back into my room.
"You were listening on my conversation?" I question as he sits on the bed next to me.
"Can't help it, we have sensitive hearing," he said pointing to his ear.
"Will you be able to control yourself while I'm in heat?" I ask. I lean my head on his arm and he nods.
"I have to or else you'll be in pain and I can't leave you out there in pain when I can do something about it," he says wrapping his arms around my small frame.
"You might not be able to resist me," I say. He slings me over his body to where I was straddling him. I lean my head on his chest and he plays with my hair.
"I'll never do anything to you unless you're okay with it," he says quietly. I nod on his chest and enjoyed his arms around me.
"Do you want anything to eat? You haven't had dinner yet," he points out. I shake my head.
"I had a late lunch," I said quietly. I was getting drowsy again as Titus' scent flowed through the room.
"We never finished lunch, we were interrupted," he says rubbing my back lulling me to sleep.
"I'll be fine," I mumble then fall back into my much needed sleep.

The shaking of the bed woke me up from my deep sleep. Wait why the fuck is the bed moving? I sit up and see that the scenery had changed. I was now in the back of a car. I see Titus' eyes look in the mirror and he smiled.
"You're finally awake sleeping beauty,"
He laughs with his deep voice I fell in love with.
"How did I get here," I mumble as I wipe my eyes.
"You seemed really tired last night so I just let you sleep while I drive. We're about 30 minutes away," he says. I nod and climb to the front seat.
"That was dangerous," he sighs. I roll my eyes and buckle up.
"We're werewolves, we'll heal," I tell him. I adjust my chair to where I am comfortable. Titus places his hand on my thigh and caressed his thumb back and forth.
"Can we go on a run?" I ask. My wolf was itching to get out and she was begging to get restless.
"Yeah, I can feel your wolf becoming more restless through the link," he chuckles.
"Did you bring any food?" I ask as my stomach begins to rumble.
"I told you you should have eaten last night," he said with an 'I told you so look'. I roll my eyes and he points to a plastic bag on the car floor. I picked it up and took out a sandwich.
"Ugh this is so good," I moan as I bite into the sandwich. I notice, in the corner of my eye, that Titus' eyes turned black but quickly turned back.
"I can sense it coming," Titus says lowly. His hands gripped on the wheel as he turned off road. We drove on the forest trail and came up to a small wood cottage.
"It looks so cute," I squeal as I run out of the car as he parks. "Can I have the keys?" I said giving my best puppy dog face and pouted my lips. He reached into his pocket and threw them. I catch them and run to the door and unlock it. I looked inside and it looked like a perfect log cabin. All the furniture in the cabin matched each other.
"Do you like it?" Titus ask, coming up from behind me. I nod and plant a kiss on his lips. He grabs my face and deepened the kiss. I pushed away for a breather but he let out a growl. He picked me up from my waist and I wrapped my legs around his waist. I felt my back slam on a wall and I heard a loud crash. I turn and look to see a picture frame on the ground. Titus leaves slow kisses down my neck and to my mark. I moan as he sucks on it.
I felt his bulge poke on the inside of my thigh as he kisses me everywhere my skin was exposed. I moaned his name and he rips my shirt off and his eyes turned black as he stared at my red lace bra.
"My eyes are up here," I whisper into his ear. I grab the hem of his shirt and pulled it up over his head. I place small kisses along his jawline as a rumble of pleasure comes out of his chest. My shorts come of next and reveals my matching lingerie. I move down to his neck and leave a love mark there.
A sharp pang in my stomach made me gasp. Instantly I fell to the ground while my hand was on my stomach. I looked up at Titus and saw his eyes had turned golden and stayed golden.
"You're heat started," he says quickly.
---
24
---
Sophia's POV
Titus picked me up bridal style and held me close to him. I could feel him shaking as he tried to control himself but it was hard. I was only in my underwear. The sparks were 10 times more effective than how they usually feel.
He set me down on the bed. As his hands left my body, I instantly craved his touch on mine. I let out a whine and tossed and turned. The intense heat in the pit of my stomach came back as he backed away from me.
"I'm going to start a bath for you, it'll help with the pain," he says as he walks into the bathroom. I let out a groan as he walked further away from me. The pain spread through my body and the wolf called out to Titus. He came out of the bathroom and his fresh scent made the pain soothe slightly but not enough. I let out another wimpier as a pang of pain struck my stomach.
"It hurts," I cry as I hold my stomach. I push my head back into the pillow instead of focusing on the pain.
"Shh, I know baby," Titus coos from beside me. He still kept his distance but his eyes still glowed the bright golden.
"Your bath is ready but leave the door open just in case something happens," he says handing me a towel. I felt my power being drained out as I weakly sat up. I slowly make my way to the bathroom and collapse on the floor. My hand knocks something off the side of the sink and makes a loud noise.
"Sophia, are you okay?" You could hear the urgency in his voice. I took a deep breath and focused on my wolf.
"Yeah, yeah Titus I'm fine," I mumble. A normal human wouldn't have heard me but his wolf is on edge so he would have heard me. I take in a deep breath and pull myself up. I carefully strip, making sure I make no sudden movements. There was a pair of fresh clothes that had Titus scent all over it. A hoodie and my favorite sweatpants.
I climbed into the tub carefully and let out a sigh of contentment as my body seemed to become less tense as the hot water surrounded my body.
Titus' POV
I paced back in front of the bathroom door, trying to control my wolf. Before I left I got painkillers and her meds for her heart. Dr. Jones told me her heat is one of the worst she's ever seen. Fuck why did I let her go in there by herself? I started to get furious at myself and my wolf started to growl when I felt another wave of pain flow through her body.
Her pain was mirrored in my body but less intense. The pain going through my body made me tense up slightly so I could only imagine how she was feeling.
"Are you okay baby," I ask through our link.
"Yeah I'm almost done just give me a few more minutes," she replies. My wolf let out a purr as her voice soothed him. He was now constantly on edge. Sophia's scent became 10 times more intoxicating to me and it took all my willpower to restrain myself from her. I would never try to force anything upon her.
I heard the bathtub start to drain and my wolf's ear perked up.
Sophia's POV
I came out fully dressed and Titus scent around me made me more relaxed. I saw Titus and smiled but then another spike of pain in my abdomen made me stumble forward into his arms. It was worse than all the other ones before. Titus' arms and hands caught my waist and it felt like lightning flew through my body. I had to hold back a moan from the intensity of the pleasure from his touch.
Titus let out a deep rumble of approval as his eyes began to glow brighter. He carried me to the bed again and handed me three pills.
"One is painkillers and the other two are your regular meds," he said giving me a glass of water. I popped one at a time and set the glass on the table.
"It hurts really bad," I groan, holding my stomach. Pity washed over Titus' face as he watched me in pain.
"I can make it better but you might not like it," he whispers, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear.
"I trust you," I whisper to him. I needed the pin to go away. It was affecting my wolf, Titus, his wolf, and I. Lust filled his eyes as he stared at me.

"You can't touch me, I'll lose control over my wolf. It's already pushing him that I'm doing this," he says as he climbs on top of me, being careful to not put any pressure on my body. I nod and he presses his lips against mine. Softly at first but he easily let his wolf take control.
"Control yourself," I whisper into his ear as he pulls away catching his breath. I felt his bulge press against my heat. I let out an unintentional moan. His eyes flashed to a pitch black then back to the golden color.
"You have to watch what you do Sophia or I'll lose control," he whispers into my ear. It sends shivers down my spine and I feel lust take over my wolf. She begged to be let out and let our male take us as his but I restrained her. He pulled his hoodie and my sweatpants off my body and threw them to the floor.
He places soft kisses up and down my inner thigh. I shiver ever so slightly every time he gets near my heat.
"Titus please," I whisper as he starts playing with my heat through my underwear. He growls and rips off my bra and underwear.
"Those were my favorite," I whine. He stares at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious of my body. I try to cover my body but he lets a low rumble come out.
"You are beautiful no matter what anyone says," he says running his hand down my body. I had this scar on my side from when the rouges captured me. That day they whipped me because they were pissed that my birthmark wasn't disappearing. He ran his hand down my scar and growled.
"They did this to you," he asks. I give a weak nod and his eyes begin to glow brighter. The pain slowly started seeping its way back in without the touch of Titus. I winced and held my stomach and let out a small groan.
"It's okay," he says and starts kissing me up and down my body. He grabs my breast and massages it gently as he sucks on my neck leaving a love mark. He moves his lips down to my breasts and starts sucking as he massages my other breast. I moan his name and I feel him tense up. I claw at his shirt and tear it off of him. I ripped his shorts off of him and threw the shreds to the side.
His bulge in his underwear is as noticeable as it is pushed up against my heat. He leaves small kisses down my body and between my breasts. He keeps going until he reaches my heat. I let out a moan of pleasure as his tongue teased my folds.
"Please Titus I need you," I say letting out a shaky breath. He plunges his tongue into my heat and I arch my back in pleasure as shivers go up my spine. He flicks his tongue up and down in my heat.
"Titus," I moan as pleasure flows through my body. I push my head into my pillow as he puts his finger into my heat, pushing in and out. There was a wave of pleasure growing in my stomach as he continued to pump his finger in and out. He went faster sensing my high.
"Relax sweetheart," he whispers. I let out a moan of euphoria as the wall that held in the wave of pleasure came crashing down. I arch my back as he kisses my lips.
"I love you so much," he whispers against my lips. I was out of breath but I wanted him. I wanted us to be connected. I wanted us to finish the mating process. I wanted to mate with him.
"I want you," I whisper. "I love you so damn much and I'll always thank the moon goddess for blessing me with you." He was at a loss for words he nodded and put his hands on either side of my head bent down and kissed me. I broke away and sucked on his neck and left a love bite. I tugged at his boxers and he took them off letting his member come out.
I tried my best not to stare but my wolf was starting to take control.
"I'm all yours don't be embarrassed," he whispers as he catches me staring. My face turned a deep red.
"Your smell is intoxicating," he says taking a deep breath of my scent. My wolf let out a purr from his scent.
"You sure?" He asks. I nodded and I felt his member slide into my heat. I let out a purr and I wanted to hate my wolf for doing that. He starts thrusting slowly but gradually getting faster.
"Sophia you feel so good," he moans. My wolf felt pride cause she knew we were the only person that could get that reaction out of him. The wave of pleasure started to come back then suddenly I was pulled out of my conscious.
I saw memories out of Titus' eyes. I saw the training he endured from his dad. I saw the night his dad died. I saw the torment he went through. I felt the pain he felt. I felt the torture he put himself through. Everything he never told me rushed its way into my head.
"I love you so much," he moans and pulls me out of my subconscious. The wall came crumbling down again and I felt Titis' member stiffen inside of me. His thrusts became shorter, harder, and faster. I moan into his neck as my claws Gus into his back. I held onto his back as he continued to thrust. His breaths getting shorter and heavier.
He let out a large grunt and moaned my name into my ear. Shivers flew through my body. Our bodies fit together as he lays on me. He pulls out of me as a sticky substance follows.
 He leans down and kisses me and we take a breather. We were both breathless and he held me close to him."Why didn't you tell me?" I ask. The memories replayed in my head as he caressed my bare back.
"I didn't want you to see that part of my life and frankly I didn't want to remember it," he whispers, knowing exactly what I was talking about.
"What did you see," I ask him as he pushes my hair out of my face.
"I saw your life from the start through the end. All the nights you cried yourself to sleep because you were scared. All the times they tortured you in that horrible place. I saw you attempt to take your life that night in your cell."
Memories of that day flashed through my mind. Tears threatened to escape my eyes and I cried into Titus' chest.
"I was tortured to my breaking point that night," I said letting out a skaldic breath. I sobbed into his chest and he comforted me.
"They'll never get you again," he whispers. And I believed him.
---
25
Sophia's POV
The last two days of my heat was easier than the first. Titus stayed by my side the whole time. The pain was bearable and I constantly took painkillers and my meds. On the last day before we had to leave, we spent the day wandering in the forest.
"So Titus when am I meeting your mom and sister because you've met most of my family except Laura," I said while we were walking on the edge of a lake.
"I was thinking, since Thanksgiving is in a few days, we can host a family Thanksgiving at our house," he said. Our house. I liked the sound of it.
"That means I get to cook," I squeal. He laughs and kisses my temple.
"Let's go on a run," he says. I quickly agreed but my wolf growled at the thought. I haven't released her in a while but why doesn't she want to shift?
I brought her forward so we could shift but when my bones broke a sharp pain went up my arm.
"She doesn't want me to shift," I breathe back. I snap my bone back into place and shake it a little to dull the pain.
"Why?" Titus asks. I shrug and she growled again.
"She's just growling at the thought of us shifting," I said.
"Well I guess you'll have to miss out," he said and shifted into his black wolf. He jumped and leaped on me. He landed on me and I was on the ground and he was on top of me. He had a wolfy grin on his face but my wolf was just not having it today.
She pushed her easy through my hold on her and I felt my claws and canines come out. She let out a growl and his wolf backed up and whimpered at his female resentment.
"What the hell is happening to her," Titus says, shifting back. It was beyond me why she was struggling against me.
"I think we should go back to the cabin and start cleaning up," he said pulling on a pair of shorts. I nod and run my arm, still feeling a slight pain from where she refused to shift.
When we were packing I was thinking about my wolf and the dinner I have to plan.
"How many people are coming for Thanksgiving?" I ask Titus.
"Well Brody and his mom are coming, his dad might join. Jacob's mom and dad will come and his sister. My Mom, sister and her mate will come and your family can come, including Tala," he said. I counted in my head and it totaled up to 16 including me.
"Damn, I'm gonna be cooking a lot. Y'all eat like wolves," I laugh. He chuckles and throws his last pair of shorts in his backpack. He put the bags into the car and I locked the cabin up. I finished locking the front door and I saw something sharp fly at my head. My wolf was quicker than me. She quickly took control and moved out of the way.
I fell to the ground and looked up at the arrow lodged in the door. Titus lets out a growl and his eyes became black with fury. There was no scent at all of any species.
There was a piece of paper sticking off the arrow. I reached up and picked it off the arrow and read it.
Dear Sophia and Titus,
Congrats on finishing the mate bond. Soon Sophia will be mine. Mark your calendars 3 weeks from today we'll have her back.
-R
I dropped the note and my hands were trembling. Three weeks, three short weeks and I'll be taken.
"I will do everything in my power to kill whoever is behind this," he growled. My mind flashed through memories. My eyes and birthmark had been triggers for people to act weirdly around me.
"We need to talk to an elder the minute we get back," I said. He looked at me with a confused look on his face.
"Just trust me, I think I know what I'm doing," I said. He nods and pulls out his phone.
"Hey it's Titus, do you think you can meet us at our house in an hour?" He ask. There was a pause.
"Thanks, Mason," he says and shoves his phone back into his pocket. "We better start going if we're going to reach home in time." I get into the car and he starts driving before I can put my seatbelt on.
"Why call? Why not just mind link?" I ask.
"I wanted to have a little bit more time to ourselves before being bombarded with people," he says. I nod and put my hand on top of his.
"So the Alpha Meeting is next week and I'm thinking that we can do your Luna ceremony a day or two before," he brings out of the blue. My heart rate started to pick up. Was I ready to become Luna of this pack? Was I ready to be accepted into his pack? To leave all my family behind?
"If you're not ready we can reschedule it to a later day," he says when he hears my heart rate speed up.
"I'll do it next week," I said.
"You sure?" He asks. I nod and lean back into my chair.
"I love you," I whisper to him. He gives me a smile.
"I love you too." And with that I fell asleep.

I felt the car come to a stop and my eyes flutter open.
"I'll get someone to get our bags but we have to do meet Mason," Titus says when he saw my eyes open. I nod sleepily and got out the car. We walk into the door and walk to the living room. I see a man sitting on the couch.
"Thank you for coming Mason," Titus says offering his hand. Mason stands up and shakes his hand.
"It's my pleasure," he says.
"This is my mate Sophia," he introduces me. He reaches hand out and I meet it with mine.
"Nice to meet you," I say shaking his hand. He nods and we sit down.
"So what seems to be the problem," he asks starting off the conversation.
"Sophia is in danger by rouges and we think there is a reason behind it," Titus says. He nods like he was taking note of it.
"What's the reason?" He asks. Titus pushes his hand on my back to signal to show him. I pull down my shirt to show my birthmark. His eyes widen and I pull my shirt back up.
"There's also one more thing," I say. I brought my wolf forward and opened my eyes to my wolf's silver ones. Realization flooded his face and I pushed my wolf back.
"I haven't seen one in years," he says.
"What haven't you seen?" I ask. I became frantic to find out what I was. Now it's confirmed I wasn't a regular wolf.
"You're a servant of the Mood Goddess," he says. I freeze. Servant. For. The. Moon. Goddess.
"What the hell does that mean," Titus says getting frustrated. I put my hand on his arm and he became less tense.
"You're meant to keep peace in the world when the Moon Goddess can't," he says.
"But she controls everything. We all have a fate to follow," I say. He nods.
"Yes, and some werewolves' fate takes them down a terrible path so you were made to set it straight. I haven't seen one like you in 117 years. He's been alive for a while. Werewolves tend to age slower so I'm not surprised he's seen a lot of things.
"So what does my birthmark have to do with this?" I ask.
"Have y'all mated?" He asks. My face became red with such an embarrassing question. Titus nods and grimaces.
"The birthmark is to protect you before you find your mate. After you mate you have to protect yourself with your mate. You'll become stronger," he says.
"How will I protect myself?" I ask. He gives me a light smile.
"You'll have to see. It's different for every servant of the Moon Goddess," he says.
"Thank you for your help Mason," Titus says and stands up. He nods and we say our goodbyes.
"Sophia," I heard as I was walking back into the house. I see Tala running up to me with her arms reaching out to me. I see Jacob running up from behind her.
"Hey Tala," I smile. She jumps into my arms with a grin. Jacob walks up from behind her and tickles her.
"Y'all smell like sex," he laughs after covering Tala's ears. My face became red and Titus chuckled.
"Could you watch Tala for a bit longer so we can shower?" Titus asks. He nods and I hand Tala back to him.
"I'll be back soon," I tell her and kisses her cheek. She nods and goes back to playing with Jacob.
We walked to our room and when I closed the door, I was slammed on it. Titus' lips found mine and he picked me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist and my arms around his neck. My back hit another wall and I pulled away.
"We're supposed to be showering," I whisper to him.
"Then let's shower," he whispers.
---
26
Sophia's POV
Thanksgiving is a time for family. There is always something something to be grateful for and Thanksgiving is a time to celebrate it.
"Do you think it'll snow tomorrow in time for Thanksgiving?" Brody asked while we jogged through the forest. I shrugged and looked at Titus.
"It's getting pretty cold so there's a possibility," Jacob said. We reach the lake and stop catching our breaths. I sat on the edge of the lake letting my feet cool off in the water. I heard a few childish giggles behind me and felt two hands on my shoulder. I quickly grab them and fling the body over my head.
I see Jacob's body fly over my head and into the freezing water. I heard laughs from behind me when Jacob came out of the water. He pushed his hair out of his face.
"Holy crap this water is cold," he gasped. I smirked at him as he walked out of the water completely drenched. His shirt stuck to his body and became see-through.
"Dude, when did you get so strong?" Brody asked when I stood up. I shrugged and felt a cold rush on my back. I see Jacob shirtless and see his shirt clinging to mine.
"Jacob you dumbass," I scowled and threw it back at him. I felt my shirt being lifted off me and a warm one being put on my body. The scent of Titis seeped out of the clothing.
"I think we should head back because it's getting dark and we definitely don't want Jacob to freeze to death," Titus says sarcastically. "I also don't want you being out too late," he says pointing at me. We all nod and they all shift into their wolves.
I haven't attempted to shift since that day and I don't know if my wolf wanted to. I brought her forward forcefully and my leg snapped. I let out a whimper as a wave of pain rushed through my leg. Titus whispers and nuzzles his nose to my hand.
My wolf growled at me inside my head and I pushed her forward. I used her strength to crack my leg back into place. I immediately pushed her back and let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding.
"Is she still resisting?" Titus asks through our link. I nodded and carefully stood up making sure not to hit my sore leg. Brody and Jacob's wolves looked at me confused.
"Get on my back," he said. I club onto his back and hook my arms around his neck. I felt his wolf shiver at my touch. His mind links to Jacob and Brody and they both nod and they take off.
The wind flew through my hair as the leaves blew up from the ground as they ran by. The mixture of the wind and the cold made my skin freeze, but was easily heated it back up. The trees rushed past in a blur. Our house came into the distance and he came to a stop at the edge of the forest. His fur went back to skin and I still hung onto his neck. I hung from his neck as he shifted back to human. I hop off and grab two pairs of shorts for Brody and Jacob. I throw it at their faces and they shift back and change.
Charlotte comes out of the house holding Tala and sets her down on the grass.
"Luna, the 7 Turkeys, and 5 hams came," she said. I nod and smile as Tala jumps into my arms.
"Charlotte said it may snow tomorrow," she says excitedly. I look at her clothes and realize she's probably cold.
"Then why are you in a shirt and shorts," I said. She giggles and reaches out for Titus.
"Can we go for ice cream?" She asks making a puppy dog face. He frowns at her and she laughs.
"Please," she says poking at his cheeks. I belt back my laughs and I saw that Jacob and Brody were enjoying it.
"Isn't it kind of cold right now for ice cream?" He asks. She shakes her head and she laughs.
"Fine but you have to ask Sophia first," he said. She turned around and looked at me with her puppy dog eyes. I laugh and nod at her and she squeals.
"I'll be back in an hour," he whispers and kisses me. I nod and look back at Brody and Jacob.
"Hey man I want a goodbye kiss too," Jacob called out. We burst out into laughter and Titus walked away laughing.
"Let's go prepare the food for tomorrow so we can just cook them and eat," I told them. They nod and we walk back to the house.
"Wash your hands y'all were in the forest all day," Charlotte says. I quickly wash my hands and fling the water at Brody. He scoffed and I felt two wet hands drag down the back of my shirt.
My wolf pushed her way through and snapped at Jacob, barring her teeth. I pushed her back and balanced myself against the counter.
"Why is your wolf being defiant today?" Brody asks. I shrug and push her back.
"She's been like this since we were at the cabin," I say. I was beyond confused. She has never lashed out at anyone before so why start now?
"Brody and I can go get the things we need from the pack kitchen," Charlotte says. I nod and she grabs him by his arm and drags him with her. I looked up and saw the turkeys and hams spread out on the counter.
"That is a lot of food," he laughs.
"Well I have to figure out a way to feed 16 wolves," I laugh. He laughs and sits down. He pulled out a seat for me but then I felt very sick.
"Excuse me," I mumble quickly. I ran to the bathroom and threw up everything I ate in the past 24 hours. I was my mouth and sit back down, leaning on the bathtub.
"Is it possible that you're pregnant? Is that why you're wolf is snapping at everything," Jacob asks, walking into the bathroom.
"Oh my god," I whisper. It's why she won't let me shift and is snarling at every threat. She protecting me.
"You can't tell Titus," I say quickly. He looked at me confused and sat next to me.
"He's your mate. Shouldn't he know that his mate is expecting? Shouldn't the pack know their future Alpha is being born," he questions.
"He's so focused on protecting me, I don't need him to be more stressed than he already is," I said.
"You haven't seen him protect anything yet. If someone threatens anything he cares about, he goes crazy. You haven't seen his dark side. When his dad died, he was so blinded with sorrow he focused it on rage," he said. "But I'll respect your decision."
"Thank you," I whisper. He nods and helps me up from the ground. I flushed the toilet and sprayed freshener to get rid of the smell.
"So what's the plan for tomorrow?" He asks.
"Well, there's 7 turkeys 5 hams. I plan on making 3 platters of spaghetti. Mashed potato, dressing, green bean casserole, and a lot more food," I said sitting on the seat. He nods and sits next to me.
"When are you going to tell Titus?" He asks.
"When all of this blows over," I said. At that moment, it occurred to me that I had a living baby inside of me. The future Alpha of this pack.
This baby was planned by the Moon Goddess.
Hours Later
Titus' arms wrapped tightly against my waist as we lay in bed. His light snores filled the room but I couldn't sleep. I made sure to close the link so he wouldn't find out about the baby. I stayed wide awake thinking about my future. Our future. I thought about my future with Titus and this pack. I was going to be a Luna in a few days. Titus started to shift against my body.
"Why are you still awake?" He mumbles. I didn't know what to say and he definitely felt my heart rate go up.
"I was thinking about our future," I whisper. He flipped me over so that I was facing him and he kissed me.
"Tell me about it," he says. His baby blue eyes seemed to glow in the night.
"I was thinking about our future, my future with the pack," I said. His thumb caressed my back slowly as he was listening to me.
"Do you want to start a family with me?" I ask. My mind raced with possible answers he would give me. His reaction to this question would determine the future.
"Of course, I want to start a family with you. That's all I want. We can settle down in a cabin away from everyone so we're together with our family. Our eldest child becomes Alpha when they are 18 and we can release ourselves from our duties and spend our days together with our children away from all the drama of our pack," he says. A tear slips from my eye and he wipes it away.
"I love you so much," he whispers to me.
"I love you too," I whisper back. Titus was the best thing that happened to me. I couldn't have asked for a better second chance mate.
"You know we haven't been on an official date yet," he mentions. "How about tomorrow for an early breakfast?"
"My family is coming and we have to get Thanksgiving ready," I say.
"They won't mind us disappearing for a few hours in the morning," he said. I agree and his scent drifted me to my much-needed sleep.
The familiar trees surrounded me. The trees that bordered our house. The difference was that our house was not there but instead a large pasture. It wasn't a memory of mine it was somebody else's. I walked through the pasture until I saw two figures.
There was a man who radiated power. His face had several of the same features as Titus. His dad. A young boy stood in front of him. A young Titus.
"When faced with a challenge that you can't beat, you can't show your opponent that you're scared. You have to show them confidence. If they see you are worried, they'll automatically win." Young Titus nods and his dad continues.
"As an Alpha, you can't show your emotions. The pack comes first. Everything you do is to benefit the pack," he says. I felt like I was intruding on someone else's memory. I was watching one of Titus's memories. I felt Titus' eyes become cold. He was holding his emotions back. He was becoming the terrible Alpha in the stories everyone tells.
---
27
Sophia's POV
I groaned as a loud commotion started to become louder in the kitchen. People must be coming already. I heard a series of hushes in front of my door. I heard it open and I quickly brought my wolf forward. I let my canines grow and my eyes glow. When I sensed the person next to my bed, I turned around and let out a loud growl.
"Holy shit," James cursed. He jumped back and put his hand over his heart.
"You can't pull that shit on me," he said still in shock. I rolled my eyes and pushed my wolf back.
"And you can pull that bullshit on me?" I say pointing at the air horn in his hand. He shrugged and threw it at me.
"All our ears are sensitive and if you blew that in my ear, everyone else in this house could hear," I said. I looked out the door and saw an audience that consisted of Jacob and Brody.
"SOPHIE," I heard. I saw Laura run into my room and tried to jump up on me but luckily Jacob quickly caught her.
"Let's not jump on Sophie," he says setting her down next to me. I was thankful for him because I didn't know what my wolf would have done if she jumped on my stomach.
"I missed you," I laugh and hug her.
"Where's your mate?" She asked quickly. She was always fascinated with mates and excited when I found mine.
"Is he not out there?" I ask Jacob. He shakes his head and I sigh. "Is Tala out there?" He nods.
"Do you want to go play outside in the snow with Tala?" I ask Laura. Her face lit up and she nodded.
"Can you take them?" I ask Jacob.
"Yeah sure but Tala needs a jacket," he says. I point to the closet.
"I'm gonna look for Titus," I say grabbing my hoodie and putting it on really quick.
"You're in shorts," James said. I rolled my eyes and grabbed my sweatpants off the side of my bed.
"Well, I'm waiting for y'all to get out of my room unless y'all want to see me change," I said. They all quickly dashed out of my room. I chuckle and quickly change.
I walk outside and greeted everyone quickly and left to go find my mate. I tried mind linking him but it didn't go through. I casually made my way to the pack house as the snow became heavier. The warmth surrounded me as I walked into the pack house.
There was a series of Lunas from the pack wolves. They lowered their heads in submission. I nod and they all lift their heads again.
I spot Nikolai at the couch. I walk over and lean on the couch.
"Do you know where Titus is?" I asked he shrugged and I sighed.
"I can help you look for him though," he said getting up and ditching his friends.
"No it's okay you can stay here if you'd like," I said. I didn't want to trouble him with my problems.
"You're the Luna and it's my pleasure to help you," he said. I rolled my eyes and nodded.
"I'm gonna check the offices first," I said pointing up the stairs that led up to the high-ranked wolves. I reached the top step and the smell of lust and sex filled my nose. I followed the scent to Titus' office. I opened the door and saw Lyra, naked, facing the door. The back of Titus' chair was facing the door. She bounced up and down and her eyes meet mine and she smirked.
"Ohh Titus baby that feels so good," she moans. It felt like thousands of needles piercing my heart at once. I couldn't focus on anything and I felt my head become light. I stumbled out of the door and into Nikolai's arms. Tears flooded my eyes and down my face. I felt no need to live any longer. My mate had cheated on me.
"I n-need to g-et our of h-here n-now," I choked out. He nods. He carried me as I cried into his shoulder. He was the string that kept tethered to my sanity. He was my will to live and he took that string and cut it. I floated into the middle of the ocean of my own self-hatred. I was surrounded by it and my mind flooded with reasons why I wanted good enough for him. I didn't feel the chill of the air as we walked out into the snow. I didn't feel the warmth of the house when he brought me back in. Everything hurt and everything became dizzy.
"What the hell happened to her," I heard someone demand. My brother kneeled next to me.
"I need to go back home now," I whisper to him. I felt my whole body tremble and my only focus was on my brother.
"James if I stay here any longer I might kill myself," I growl. I went limp in his arms as he carried me outside.
"We're leaving now," he said to my parents. They grabbed their bags and I shook my head.
"W-we can't go b-by a c-car h-he'll catch u-up to u-is," I choke out through my hiccups.
"Jacob," I said quietly. He came next to me and put his hand on my shoulder. "Send someone to send their stuff to our pack," I said.
"Of course," he said lightly. "What happened?" He asked.
"I lost my will to live. The bastard cheated on me," I whispered. I didn't need anyone else to know.
"I swear James if we don't leave now," I said. He nods and picks me up.
"You can go in the car with Laura it'll be safer. Sophie and I can run back," James said.
"I can't shift," I said. "My wolf is too devastated right now." He nods and carries me outside. He shifts into his wolf and I climb on and hold tightly onto his neck. I heard a roar that shook the trees as we crossed the border. James' paw tracks disappeared as fast as they appeared. My tears felt frozen to my face but I still had tears left to cry. The snow got heavier as we got deeper into the forest.
I felt a push on the wall I put up between the link Titus and I had but I pushed back. My heart felt like the needles were being plucked out one by one and letting the blood drain from it. My thoughts kept me busy when James stopped at our house.
I never noticed that he shifted back and changed. I never noticed that he put me in my room. I was too blinded by my misery. I couldn't imagine my life without Titus.
"Do you want any food?" James asks lightly after he set me down. I shake my head and turn away from him.
"Sis...I know you're mad but you're pregnant. You need to eat. The baby shouldn't pay for Titus' actions," he said.
"How the fuck did you know I am pregnant?" I asked, snapping my head towards him.
"You're scent is becoming stronger. I'm surprised that asshole hasn't noticed it yet," he scoffed. I rolled my eyes and turned back around.
"I'll eat later," I said softly. I felt him leave the room and the tears were flowing down my face and making a puddle on my pillow.
"James?" I call weakly. I heard him come into the room and close the door.
"What do you need Soph," he asked.
"Call Elizabeth for me and ask for permission to let her cross the border," I said.
"The witch?" He asks. I nod and he sighs.
"Alright," he says and walks out the door. Elizabeth is a friend of mine who helped me escape from the Rouges. She lives in a coven nearby.
My mind got pulled into a subconscious I was no longer in control of. My vision became red, flooding with anger. I saw Jacob in front of me and I felt grief flow through my body. Something I was already feeling.
"WHERE THE HELL DID SHE GO," the familiar voice roared. I realized I saw what Titus saw through his eyes. I quickly struggled to be pulled back into my conscious but the pull was too strong.
"Sophia wake up," I heard. I quickly sat up and saw James sitting at the edge of my bed.
"How long have I been asleep?" I ask. He looks at his watch and shrugs.
"Maybe like an hour," he says. When I was pulled it felt like 5 minutes. I sigh and lay back down. My pillow was still damp from where I was crying.
"Wait Elizabeth is here," he said after spacing out for a second. I heard the doorbell ring and James got up and came back with Elizabeth. K wanted to smile at her but I couldn't bring myself to. I had lost my will to live and the only thing holding me back was the baby inside of me and the faint line of false hope that Titus wasn't cheating on me.
"So what do you need help with?" She asks. She could tell I was hanging on by a thread.
"I need you to help me hide the scent of my baby," I said. Titus will eventually come storming to the door and I don't need him to know that I'm expecting. She puts her hands over my stomach and mumbles a spell.
"It's only temporary for maybe 2 out of the 5 months. She'll get stronger than regular wolves," she said.
"She?" I ask.
She nodded, "Did you forget I can look into the future," she said. My baby is going to be the first Alpha.
"Thank you for your help," I said. She nods and smiles.
"Call me when everything passes over," she says and I nod.
28
Sophia's POV
The last few days were spent with starving myself and long nights of no sleep. The bags under my eyes were definite and I had visibly lost a few pounds. James came in to check on me every few hours and when he brought food, I threw out the window. I got up every once in awhile to use the bathroom then try to go back to sleep. Every time I did sleep, I only saw visions of what Titus saw so I tried my best not to sleep. My parents left me alone and let James take care of me.
I've noticed Terry around our house every once in awhile. I no longer wanted to have any ties with either of my mates. In 4 days, the Alpha Meeting is happening and that means James will be leaving.
I haven't sleep for the past 72 hours. My eyes began to droop as my tiredness kicked in. My mind was pulled deeper into my subconscious.
I felt my chest start to burn and warmth around my body or more like Titus'. The trees whipped past him as he ran through the forest. The anger from before disappeared and he was now filled with grief. He moved faster as he reached a pack border. My pack. I pulled my subconscious out of his.
"He's coming for me," I whisper. I throw the blanket off of me and quickly stand up. My head became dizzy and I fall to my knees. My hand instantly went to my stomach and my other hand to my head.
"James," I weakly call. He's been handling his beta duties from home to take care of me. He bursts through he door and sees me on the floor.
"What the he'll happened?" He asked helping me up. The hurt in my chests started to hurt more as I felt him get closer. The bond swirled, begging for us to be together again.
"He's coming back," I said. I didn't want to see his face. My wolf has disappeared somewhere and I can't find her. His scent became stronger and my head began to hurt. I heard a long, familiar howl. There was a loud bang at the door and I shivered.
"Stay here I'll be back," he said. I heard distant shouting and a large growl.
"LET ME SEE HER," he growled. I swear I felt the house shake from their fighting. My wolf started to come back and wanted to see Titus. She wanted to loose control and let the bond lead her.
"You're trespassing on pack lands," James snarled starting to get irritated. I felt my wolf push through my hold. My head started to throb and a wave of pain went through my head.
My wolf pushed through and I felt my canines grow and my claws came out. I dug my claws into the wooden floor as my wolf let out a roar. My hands went to my head as I screamed trying to push her back.
I heard my door fly open and a hand on my arm. Sparks danced between our skin and my wolf seemed to calm down but I let out a growl.
"Get the hell away from me," I said moving back away from him. My head started to pound as I started to get farther from him. My wolf started to push through and I felt myself shifting. I had to use all my strength to stop her. If she shifts, she could hurt the baby. Her wolf was having a fight with my skin.
I gather the remaining strength I could, which wasn't a lot since I haven't slept in awhile, and pushed her back. My body fell and I caught myself letting my arms drop to the floor so I could hold myself up. I heavy breathing continued and all my energy was drained.
"Are you okay?" James' voice asked in my ear. I nod and he helped me to my feet.
"You can't exert your energy like that it's bad for her," he said. He didn't use baby but her gender. Titus could think he meant wolf. I brushed him off and balanced myself on my bed frame.
"Titus you have 5 seconds to get out of my house before I lose it," I growled lowly not making eye contact with him.
"Can I explain cause it was not what it looked like," he begged.
"Really? Cause it looked like you lied to me and had sex with Lyra. It looked like you broke every promise you've ever promised me. It looked like I lost my will to live," I felt his pain through the link and he looked at me.
"It wasn't m-"
"No I don't want to hear your stupid excuses about why it happened or that it wasn't you or that you would never pull that shit on me. You said that you wanted to start a family with me but I don't want it. It looks like you don't want it with me either so go to Lyra," I said.
"Open your link," he said. I shook my head. I didn't want to let in all the emotions that have been bordered up.
"You don't want me to tell you anything so I'm going to show you," he said. He moved toward me in a swift motion and kissed me, letting my guard down. My wolf took this chance and let down the wall.
Third Person POV
Suddenly, the scenery changed. Sophia saw Titus standing in a pavilion with two omegas. Lights strung the roof and flowers were placed on the pillars. One omega arranged the table in the middle while the other kept snow off of the platform. She was watching Titus' memories.
This was happening while Sophia was on the way to look for Titus. He felt a pang in his chest and his eyes became frantic. He was worried that Sophia had gotten hurt. Little did he know, he was the one that hurt her without being there.
He ran towards the pack house following her scent. He ran up to the office hallway where her scent lingered. By now, Sophia has already started leaving with James.
The smell of lust filled the hallway and his office. He let out a large roar as he saw Lyra with one of his warriors having sex. He called for other warriors to throw them in the dungeons so he could deal with them later.
Nikolai came up the stairs and was surprised to see Titus standing in front of his door.
"What the helm happened to Sophia?" He asks lowly and quickly. Nikolai was still in shock at seeing Titus standing in front of his office door while Lyra and the warrior was being escorted off.
"S-Sophia saw you in there h-having sex with y-you," he said pointing at me. Another wave of pain rushed through my chest but it wasn't Sophia's pain. It was his. He felt her pass the border and he let out a roar of pain. His desire for her grew as she got farther away.
He stormed his way out of the pack house and into his. Sophia's family had their bags in their hand and Jacob looked at him with disgust.
"WHERE THE HELL IS SHE?" he yelled. He was blinded by rage at himself. How could he have let that happen. He should have stayed by her side this morning. She would still be standing here, next to him, in his arms.
"YOUR STUPID ASS CHEATED ON HER," he growled back. He was hurt at how Jacob though he would do such thing the only thing making his life worth it. Another of hurt spread through him.
"You actually think I would do such a thing?" He asked. Anger that was in him was replaced with sadness. "Lyra was found having sex in my office with one of our warriors. They're in the dungeon until further notice."Jacob's eyes soften and he realized what was happening. By then, Sophia's parents had already left.
"She left already," he said. Titus fell to his knees. He couldn't loose her like he lost Brooke. He couldn't suffer another death of his mate. Titus loves Sophia and he would give up anything for her. Now she was gone with a thinking that he cheated on her.
Sophia's POV
I stumbled back away from Titus grasp and my back hit the wall.
"What was that?" I ask.
"That was what happened that day you left. The day you thought I cheated on you. Sophia I want you to know that I would never do that to you. You mean so much to me. I thought after Brooke died, that my life would have no meaning. That I would wake up everyday morning and work in my office for hours and go to sleep and repeat. When I met you, your life gave me meaning it gave me hope that I could make something better out of myself than the constant repeat of my boring life. You may not believe what you just saw and you might hate me for the rest of your life but I want you to know you were the best thing that has ever happened to me," he said. At that point, I was in tears.
"I love you," I said. He wrapped me in his arms and kissed my forehead.
"I love you too."
29
Sophia's POV
On the way back home, I had my first normal sleep in a while. James wasn't happy that I trusted him so quickly and was heading back to the pack so easily. My wolf was easy to trust him but there was a part of me still hurt and didn't want to trust him.
Charlotte distributed the Thanksgiving dinner to the families the night I left so at least no food was wasted. I felt bad that Thanksgiving was ruined because of me. My stomach growled from not eating the past few days.
"You need to eat," Titus said when we walked into his house and he heard my stomach growl. I nod and set my stuff on the counter. I suddenly felt light-headed and I started falling. Titus is quickly by my side and catches my weak frame.
"We need to go to Doctor Jones now," he said carrying me bridal style. My throat felt dry and my head throbbed. I smelt the fresh air of pine trees and felt the cold wrap around my body but everything was blurry. I couldn't make out any figures my senses got mixed up with everything and then I saw darkness.
***
I could start to hear things around me but I still pretended to be asleep. My other senses came back to me. I could smell disinfectant that reminded me of the day I first stumbled on the Scarlet Moon Pack. I was in the pack hospital. I heard the steady beeping of the heart monitor.
I smelt two familiar senses in the room. I heard Titus and Doctor Jones talking at the end of the hospital bed.
"She's deprived of nutrition and liquids so she might be a little loopy for a bit," Doctor Jones's voice says. "We're pumping liquids and nutrition into her stomach to help the baby gain nutrition loss for the past few days."
He was silent for a few seconds then I felt my heart rate speed up and the heart monitor started to beep faster.
"Please leave the room," he says lowly. I heard the door close and I could feel his presence next to me.
"I know you're pretending to sleep," he says. I open my eyes and I see hurt on his face.
"Why didn't you tell me that you're pregnant?" He asked raising his voice a little. I felt my heart race and a pain in my chest but it wasn't my pain, it was his.
"I didn't want you to stress about it. I've caused so much trouble here with the rouges after me and now people are looking for me. There's word all over the werewolf community that there is a servant of the Moon Goddess," I said.
"It's my child why the hell would that make a difference? I'll do anything to protect you and our child," he says.
"Exactly, you would do anything and I don't want you to stress more about this. I was going to tell you just when everything passed by," I said.
"That's no excuse." With the last word, he let all the rage come through and his dominance and power seep through into the room. My wolf didn't want to submit but the power was too much and I lowered my head in submission.
I heard him growl and then I saw him put a hole in the wall out of the corner of my eye.
"Why can't I smell the baby," he growls. His eyes were black. They were threatening to release his wolf.
"I had a friend of mine come and hide her for a while so no one can use her as leverage," I said. His breathing was uneven and I hated how he looked at me with hatred. He sighed and his eyes went back to his regular baby blue color.
"When did you find out?" He asks a little calmer than he was before.
"The day before I left and when you brought Tala for ice cream," I said. I felt his emotions through the link. He was conflicted about how he should feel about this. He's excited that we're starting a family but hurt because I hid it from him.
"How many people know?" He asks.
"Jacob and James that's it. Jacob only knows cause he saw me throwing up and James smelt her on me," I told him. He looked at me and his eyes became big.
"Her?" He asks slowly. I nod slowly and lightly smile.
"My friend, she's a witch, she can see the future and our daughter will be the first Female Alpha," I said.
"And you starved yourself knowing you were pregnant?" He said getting angrier again.
"I'm sorry," I apologized, my voice shaky. Tears threatened to slip down my cheek.
"You can't hide things from me anymore," he said. I nod and wipe the tears from my eyes. He swipes a stray tear from my cheek and kisses my forehead.
"You know I love you right?" He whispers. I nod.
"I love you so much and I'll do anything to protect you," he says caressing my cheek. I nod and smile.
"Your Luna Ceremony is later tonight," he mentions suddenly. I sat up too fast and the IV needle was almost pulled out of my arm.
"What?" I squeal. "I look sickly right now and it's 1 PM." He laughs and I'm silently freaking out.
"We'll get you out of here in half an hour and I'll send a few omegas to help you get dressed and ready then we can try that Thanksgiving dinner again tonight with everyone," he explains. I was still freaking out. Was I ready to be accepted into this pack? Was I ready to be a leader next to Titus? Was I ready to take on all the responsibilities?
"You don't need to stress Sunshine," he smiles. I nod and lay back in the hospital bed. Titus left the room to find Doctor Jones so that I could leave. He came back with a different doctor instead.
"This is Doctor Jenny," he introduced. She gives me a small smile and wave. She gave Titus her clipboard and a pen from her pocket.
"Sign these papers for her release and I'll clean everything else," she says walking over to me. She took the IV needle from my arm wiped the dry blood off took the tube from my nose that pumped nutrition into my stomach and gave me a fresh set of clothes.
She helped me get up and I walked to the bathroom. After that, everything happened so quickly. The sound of glass echoed through the room and blood splattered on the floor. I dropped the clothes and clung to my arm. Shards of glass implanted intakes into my arm causing blood to drip onto the floor.
Titus's eyes became pitch black as he looked out the broken window. I looked out and saw the same red eyes I saw when we found Tala.
"They're coming for me," I whisper. Titus looked at me then grabbed onto the window frame ready to jump out.
"Don't try and leave now you won't find them," I said grabbing his arm with my other hand. His eyes had turned golden and his wolf took over his body.
"Why," his voice boomed through the room. Dr. Jenny lowered her head in submission but it didn't affect me.
"Do you smell them? How do you think he got past border control?" I ask him. He sniffed the air and he growled.
"How do they hide their scent," he grumbled. I pull his nose down to my neck so my scent can calm him down before he goes on a rampage. He takes a deep breath and his eyes go back to normal.
"They have a witch on their side. I used to be a test subject on several spells. She's powerful she can take down a small pack single-handedly with a few spells," I start to explain. My wound was already healing but I quickly pluck out the glass before it closed over it.
"Can your witch friend help with this?" He asks. I shrug as Dr. Jenny wipes my wound with disinfectant.
I winced a little and my foot moved backwards. I almost tripped from a small rock on the ground but Titus quickly caught me.
I bent down and picked up the rock and with it, there was a note attached.
Congratulations on the baby Sophia! I'm glad you're with a baby that way we can find more ways to torture you.
-R
I quickly crumpled up the paper and threw it out of the window. I quickly put my hand over my stomach and sighed.
"I won't let them get to you," he whispers. All of these empty promises I've been hearing. He has no idea how powerful this small group of rouges are.
"Who knows you're pregnant?" De. Jenny asks.
"We'll probably be the whole pack. If Brody smelled it on me when I walked into the pack house they probably smelt it on me," I said.
"That means there's a mole in the pack," Titus growls. By now my wound was healed and the blood stains were gone.
"Where is Dr. Jones?" I ask Titus.
"She went on a lunch break," he said I nodded and collected my belongings from the table.
"Can we go now I don't want to worry about this. I want to go home and get ready for tonight," I say. He smiles and nods.
"Thank you, Dr. Jenny," I smile and we head to our house.
30
Sophia's POV
It was about 3 Pm when we got home and I took a shower. I took a look in the mirror and I could see my ribs. It was slightly better than when I was back in my old pack. I wrapped the towel over my hair and walked out to see Titus sitting on our bed and two omegas by the door.
"Luna," they said bowing their head in submission.
"Hello," I say. They lift their heads and I give them a small smile. They quickly smile and then look back down at the floor.
"They're here to help you get ready for tonight," he said. I nod and he gets up.
"I'll see you tonight," he whispers as he kisses my forehead lightly.
"You're not going to escort me down to the front?" I question. He lightly chuckles and shakes his head.
"That's Jacob's and Brody's job. One on either side of you that way you're not lonely," he said. I smile and nod.
"Love you," I said as he opened the door to leave.
"Love you too," he smiles and walks out and shuts the door. The two omegas stood there waiting for my instructions.
"What is your name?" I ask. They lift their heads slightly to look at me but don't make eye contact. The petite blond spoke up first.
"My name is Natasha," she said. I complimented her name then the brunette spoke up next.
"My name is Cassie," she says. I compliment her name and I smile.
"Don't be afraid to speak up. I bet Titus is fierce but I'm not as harsh as him."
Titus' POV
I grab two guards Brody to follow me down to the dungeon. I had Nikolai tie up Lyra and Evan(the warrior) in silver cuffs and they both said. Brody nodded and came into the room followed by Jacob.
"Wow that's a very big skirt," Brody laughs as he looks at me. Jacob lets the omegas leave and he smiles at me.
"You look beautiful in that dress," he says.
"Of course, I'm wearing," I said sassily. Brody and Jacob laugh and hold out their hands.
"We have to make our way to the limo," Brody says.
"Limo? Isn't the pack house like a 3-minute walk away?" I ask. Jacob rolls his eyes and laughs.
"You want to walk in the grass with heels on and there's a chance that your dress could get dirty so yes we're taking a limo for a minute drive.
We drove to the pack house and walked through the enormous halls. I don't think I'll ever be able to navigate my way through this place. We come to the familiar double doors with guards guarding the door. The room was noisy then suddenly got quiet.
"That's our cue," Jacob whispers in my ear. My heart was racing. To say I was nervous was an understatement, I thought I was going to faint the minute I got into that room. I was gonna weigh the pack on my shoulders shared with Titus.
The doors swung open and the pack members cleared the middle of the room so we could pass. I wrapped my arm around Brody's and Jacob's and they led me down the middle of the room.
'You don't need to be nervous sweetheart,' Titus' voice said in my head. I smile to myself and nod. I looked up on the platform and saw Titus waiting there for me dressed in a suit and a red tie. The three elders stood behind him watching my every move. All eyes were on me as I walked down the room. My heart was pounding so hard against my chest that I think everyone in the room could hear it.
Brody and Jacob helped me up onto the platform and stood behind Titus. In between us, was a golden bowl filled with water. He smiled at me lightly and turned to the pack.
"Today we are all gathered to not only accept a member into our pack but to accept my mate as your Luna," he starts.
"Before we start are there any objections to this addition to our pack?" He asks. The whole room was silent. "And now let us begin with the oath."
He unfolds a cloth next to the bowl to reveal a steel knife. It was no ordinary kitchen knife. It was long and slender and had a short handle. My fingers fumbled with the hem of my dress as anxiety crept through me.
"This blood symbolizes my loyalty to you and the union you and I will share as we rule the pack together as equals. We will get through any hardships together like everything we do. I promise to stand with you while we protect this pack. I grant my permission on behalf of the pack for you to join the Scarlet Moon Pack," he says. He takes the knife and slits his hand and lets a drop of blood flow down his hand and into the bowl.
The blood swirled around in the water until it became a lightish pink color.

He handed me the knife and it felt heavy in my hands. I was terrified. Before I open my mouth Mason steps out from the line of elders.
"Before you begin, are you willingly taking this oath?" He asks. I nod slowly. I was sure I wanted to be a part of this pack but it terrified me. "Then go ahead."
"This blood symbolizes my loyalty to you and the union you and I will share as we rule the pack together as equals. We will get through any hardships together like everything we do. I promise to stand with you while we protect this pack. I accept your offer to join the Scarlet Moon Pack," I repeat without missing a beat.
I bring the knife into my hand and let my shaky hand bring it up to my left hand. I wrap my hand around the blade and quickly pull it out of my fist. Blood dropped off of my palm and into the water. My blood swirled with his and it was only halfway done.
I had watched this happen before when my aunt had become Luna of the Nirvana Pack. Titus and I now have to complete the blood oath.
"Now we complete the blood oath. You know how to do that," he asks me in a whisper. I smile and nod. I handed him the knife and he quickly slashed his palm open and held it out over the bowl. I quickly took the knife from him and cut my palm so his wound couldn't close.
I held my palm out to him and we let our blood touch. I felt a searing pain in my palm but it clearly wanted my pain. Titus slightly winced but it was hardly noticeable. He let go and wiped his hand with the cloth and handed it to me.
"Here is Luna Sophia," he announced. Everyone bowed their heads. I felt special but I didn't need the recognition from everyone. I was just a Beta's daughter.
"Thank you everyone for accepting me," I said. I felt myself connected to this pack and I was released from my old pack. I saw my family in the crowd smiling at me.
"You're all excuses," he announced. As people began piling out of the room, the elders left one by one until it was just Titus, Brody, Jacob, and I.
"Let me see your palm," I said. He held up his palm and the cut was barely healed and was red and inflamed.
"What the hell happened?" Brody asks when he gets a look at his palm.
"It felt like silver when our blood touched. It wasn't the knife because I had already used it before," he said taking his palm away.
"Let's go to the pack hospital and see if they can find out what happened to you," Jacob said. I rolled my eyes and sighed.
"You're talking about me like I'm a disease," I laugh.
"Doctor Jones isn't back," Jacob informed. We nod and we make our way outside.
"Isn't there a dinner we have to get to?" I ask.
"That can wait," Titus said.
31
Sophia's POV
Before we got into the limo, Titus started fumbling with the back of my dress.
"What are you doing?" I ask trying to see what he was messing with. I felt something click on my dress and the fluffy skirt fell off my body and it became a casual dinner party dress. Suddenly, my legs could breathe.
"H-how did you just do that?" I said turning around and pointing to the skirt on the ground. He lets out a deep chuckle and picks it up off the ground.
"I got the tailor to get it made like that so you could be more comfortable for tonight," he said. I gave him a peck on his lips and thanked him. The limo finally came and we got dropped off at the pack hospital.
"Do you think there is anything wrong with me?" I ask Titus quietly. He looks at me with his soft baby-blue eyes and shrugs.
"I don't know sweetheart but I hope you and our baby are healthy," he says giving me a kiss on my temple. He wraps his arm around my waist and I lean into him as we walk into pack hospital.
"Alpha, Luna, Beta, Gamma," Doctor Jenny greets. "How may I help you?"
"During the blood oath, there was a problem when Sophia's blood touched Titus'," Brody says. Titus holds up his inflamed hand to show her.
She lightly touched the wound and I had to bite back a growl from my wolf. She didn't like seeing another female's hand's on her male. She quickly pulled her hand back after an audible burn.
"There is definitely silver in that wound," she said. The pack hospital was empty. I wasn't surprised it was quite late at night and everyone had just come out of my Luna ceremony.
"You can go to the end of the hallway and to the room on your right while I get my supplies," she says. We all nod and walk to that room.
"Soph when we get back to your house I need to tell you something," Brody says. I nodded but I was confused. Was it something to do with the rouges? Or maybe it was something about his life? Doctor Jenny came in with gloves on her hand and she had a tray of supplies.
"Alpha I have to cut off the infected skin. It will heal instantly and it will remove any silver in your hand," she says. He nods and she grabs a knife and takes his hand and digs the knife in his hand. I rub my thumb up and down his arm to help ease the pain. I saw him wince and I winced a little as his pain mirrored in my palm.
She cuts off the rest of the skin and puts it in a metal pan. Fresh skin started to form already and it looked less inflamed.
"Doctor isn't there a special supplies you keep for the Alpha and Luna?" Jacob suddenly asks. She takes her gloves off and nods.
"Yeah I think Doctor Jones takes care of that room but I can show it to you," she says. The fact that Doctor Jones wasn't back from her "lunch break" was a little suspicious.
She leads us to a back room that smelt normal. It was filled with IV bags, disinfectant, medicine, and a bunch of other medical stuff. Jacob Wales over to an IV bag and carefully and ripped open the top. He carefully stuck his finger inside and it steamed and became red. He instantly flicked out his hand.
"There's silver in these bags," He says.
"Doctor Jones never came back today," I whisper.
"Why the hell can't I smell the silver?" Titis growls. My mind raced with memories of the dungeon then something clicked in my mind.
"The witch that is with the rouges. Doctor Jones is working with them. I'm immune to silver I can't feel it," my voice trailed off.
"But my baby can," I said barely above a whisper. I start to tremble with fear, worried about our baby.
"She could be hurt Titus," I said frantically grabbing onto his arm. She could be poisoned with silver right now. My heart raced, I was terrified.
"I can take a blood test right now and get you results later," Doctor Jenny says. I nod quickly and she nods. She walks into a different room and grabs a needle. We go back into the hospital room and she draws some blood.
"I'll get the results later tonight but it will take maybe an hour," she says. I nodded but I was still scared.
"She's not even as big as pinky finger yet. What if I've been pumped with silver all this time? I can't protect her," I said weakly. I couldn't lose her.
"I need a phone," I said quickly as I got up. I ran to the front desk and grabbed the phone from over it and dialed Elizabeth's phone number. I was on the verge of tears. There's a chance I could lose my firstborn.
"Elizabeth?" I ask in a shaky breath.
"I saw I'll be there soon, I already left," she said. I sigh and thank her.
"Who did you just call?" Titus asked. He held me in his arms for a while but it didn't calm me down.
"My friend. She helped me escape from the rouges. She lives in her coven about an hour away," I explain.
"Coven? That means she's a witch," Brody said. I lightly nod. Doctor Jenny came back into the room.
"I sent the blood in for testing I'll get it in maybe an hour or so," she said. I nod and she let us leave. I didn't want to do anything but wait for Elizabeth and the blood results but there was family at our house.
I was silent the whole ride. I didn't have anytime to say.
'Luna?' A voice said in my head. I jumped a little by the sudden noise in my head. I forgot that now anyone in the pack could link me.
'Yes?'
'There's a witch at the border requesting to see you,' he said.
'Let her in,' I said quickly.
"We need to get home now," I said. Titus nods and tells the driver to speed up a bit. We reached the house and I rushed out of the car. "Be careful sweetheart you're pregnant," Titus says keeping his hands on my waist to help me keep steady as I get out. I ran up the stairs and into Elizabeth's arms.
"Silver. There's silver in my system and I need to know if my baby is okay," I quickly say to her. She smiles at me and nods.
"She's perfectly fine," she said. Titus came up behind me and put his hand on my back.
"H-how do you know?" I ask. By now, the limo had left and Brody and Jacob stood on top of the stairs.
"When I came over the other day to hide her scent, I put a protection spell on her," she says. I let out a sigh of relief and put my face in Titus's chest.
"She'll be okay," he cooed. He rubbed the back of my head and then wiped the tears off my cheek. He invited Elizabeth for dinner and we all went inside.
"Hey Soph can we go on a walk so we can talk?" Brody asks. I looked at Titus for permission and he nodded so I went outside with Brody while the rest went inside.
"So what did you want to talk about?" I ask. I took a seat on the steps and Brody sat down next to me on the steps.
"The stars look pretty tonight," he comments. I look up and nod. They sparkled in the clear night sky but I knew something was bothering Brody.
"I know you didn't keep me out here to look at the stars. What do you need for talk about?" I ask. He sighed and looked like he was going through the lines in his head like I would when I was ordering food.
"I uh found my mate," he said. I gasped and smiled.
"That's good why are you so worried?" I ask. He looks at me and smiles.
"Soph she's your sister, Laura," he said slowly. I was so excited but I think Brody was scared of my reaction.
"You just have to wait 13 years but good thing time passes by quickly for us werewolves," I smile. He looked shocked at my reaction.
"Y-you're not mad?" He asks.
"Why would I be mad? I'm so excited for you. You found your mate and plus now you are my future brother-in-law," I laugh and give him a cheeky smile. He lets out a sigh of relief.
"I thought you were going to be mad because your sister is 5," he laughs a little. I shake my head and look back out at the stars.
"I'm scared," I whisper. He brings me into a hug and I start to cry. "They're gonna catch me again. I don't want to go back there."
"Titus won't let that happen to you. You should have seen the glare at the other males who were looking at you. He's become very possessive of you lately. Maybe it's because you're pregnant, but he loves you," he says. There's nothing Titus can do to save me. Another empty promise. I wipe my tears from my face and stand up.
"Let's go in. I don't want to keep them waiting," I said. I grabbed his hand and pulled him up and we walked back in. I walked through the long hallway and it was silent but the smell of food flowed through the house. I walked through the entrance to the kitchen and confetti flew into the air.
"Congratulations," everyone screamed. There was a permanent smile plastered on my face. Everyone I cared about was here to celebrate with me.
"Congratulations baby," my mom and dad said hugging me. Laura jumped into my arms and I could feel everyone's eyes on me.
Laura gave Brody a big smile and waved. Just 14 years till she finds out. Tala jumped into my other arm and clung onto my neck.
"Y'all are so heavy. How much ice has Titus fed y'all," I laugh. I hand Laura to Brody and let Tala climb onto my back.
"Sophia this is my sister Sienna and her mate Alpha Kian," Titus introduced. I smiled and waved but Sienna had a different idea.
"Oh my gosh I'm so excited to meet you. Titus always talk about you," she squeals and gives me a big hug. Alpha Kian laugh and pried her off of me.
"Honey she's pregnant out need to be careful," he laughs. I silently thank him and he smiles.
"Nice to meet you Luna Sophia," he greets holding his hand out. I shake his hand and greet him. I heard Titus let out a growl. "Calm down Titus. I mated to your sister. I have no interest in your mate."
"Sophie this is my mom, Carrie, dad, Dimitri, and my sister Nicole," Jacob introduces next.
"It's a pleasure to meet you," Carrie says. I thank her than Brody introduces me to his family.
"This is my dad, Garret, and you already know my mom," he laughs. I wave and go back to Titus.
"There's a lot of people here," I whisper.
"Of course, they're all here to celebrate you."
---
32
Sophia's POV
Omegas brought food to the large dining table and I helped bring alcohol around. I drank water because I don't like alcohol and I didn't want to affect the baby. Titus and I sat at the end of the table and everyone sat at the other side.
My family sat next to me and I noticed something. I looked nothing like them. I tried to put it off till later but I knew it would bother me the whole dinner.
"Here you go," Titus said putting spaghetti on my plate. He took the bowl of mashed potatoes and put that on my plate too. He took a fork and scooped up some mashed potatoes and held it to my mouth.
"How many times have I told you I can eat by myself," I said looking at him. He smiles and keeps his hand there. I groan and eat the bite of mashed potatoes.
"Fine if you're going to feed me, every bite you feed me you eat two bites of your food," I said. He gasped and shook his head.
"That's unfair then I'll finish faster than you," he says. I shrug and he gives me a playful glare. He quickly and grudgingly ate two bites of his food and then was eager to feed me my next bite.
Dinner was filled with laughter and a lot of talk but in the back of my head, I kept thinking about my parents and how the rouges had been watching me since the day I arrived. It made me nervous about what else they knew.
"I'm sorry guys but Sophia and I have to cut this dinner short. Something just came up," Titus says standing up. He signals for Elizabeth to follow us and he holds out his hand to me. I grip his hand and he pulls me up.
"The limo will be here soon," he said as we were walking down the hallway to the front door. His hand was wrapped firmly around my waist and Elizabeth walked next to me.
"You know I can walk right. Just because I'm pregnant I'm helpless. I'm not even showing yet," I told Titus. He shrugs and smiles at me.
"I like to pamper you," he smiles. I lean into him as we stand outside. I gaze out at the stars as we wait for the limo. The moon shined brightly that night. It was close to a full moon and I always lose control of my wolf on full moons. It takes a lot of willpower to get her to calm down.
The gravel ground on each other as the wheels of the limo drove over it. Titus helped me into the car and I had to keep pinching myself to keep awake. I was knocked in and out of consciousness on the way there. Today just exhausted me.
I got out of the limo and met with Dr. Jenny in the pack hospital.
"Sophia's blood has been constantly pumped with silver. Usually silver passes through a wolf after 1 or 2 days but you have enough silver in your system to take down a small pack," she said. I haven't felt any of it in the past few days. Am I that immune to silver?
"Elizabeth I think there's a room with a spell over it," I said. She nodded. We led her to the room. She held her hands up and mumbled something. She lets out a huff of frustration and turns to me.
"Delphine," she says to me. My heart dropped. They were closer to me than I could ever imagine. I fell to my knees and tears flowed down my face like a raging river.
"Sophia you need to breathe," Titus whispered. But I knew it wasn't a whisper he was shouting at me, trying to reach me but my mind was in a different place. It was filled with fears and memories. The constant fear that had disappeared for a short time when I was with Titus had rushed back into my head.
My head was pounded with fear. It hurt my head. Everything was blurry. I couldn't focus on anything. The red eyes that haunted my memories pieced my vision.
Everything hurt.
Titus' POV
I was in pain watching her. Mentally and physically. I tried talking to her but she wouldn't listen. She looked like she was in her own world. There were small puddles of tears under her. I couldn't do anything but just watch. I spike of pain went through her head and my head started throbbing. It was her pain.
Her hands went to her head and her breaths were short. A final wave of pain flew through our heads and she let out an ear-piercing scream. A wave emitted from her body that pushed us all back. My back slammed into the racks. Racks were on the ground and her crying became soft sobs.
I picked myself off of the ground and hurried to her side. She was passed out on the floor. I pick her up bridal style and hold her close to me.
"I'm sorry Elizabeth but I have to go take care of her," I apologize. She nods and picks herself up using the fallen rack.
"Go and keep her safe. I'll tell Dr. Jenny what happened in here but you won't see me for awhile. I'll be doing research on Sophia but I'll appear when you need me the most," she said.
"Can I ask you a question real quick?" I ask her. She nods and I shift Sophia's weight into my other arm. "Can the spell put on the silver in this room work on wolves too?"
"Yes but that witch has to be damn strong and Delphine can do that," she says. All the rouges that have been spotted but not smelled. All the rouges that have gotten past my border control were a spell.
"Who is Delphine?" I ask her.
"You have to ask Sophia when she wakes up. She knows the most about her," she says. I nod and leave the pack hospital.
Sophia's POV
I wake up to the cool breeze of the winter air. I looked out the balcony and saw it was still dark outside. I had no memory of coming home from the pack hospital. Memories of earlier in the night made their way back into my memory.
I sit up and see Titus come out of the bathroom with shorts and a gray T-shirt on.
"I brought you home after you passed out," he said. I nod and wrap the blanket around my body. The winter air became cold and I think Titus noticed. He walked over to the glass door and closed it. He sat on the bed next to me and smiled.
"Who's Delphine?" He asks slowly. I look outside of the window, take a deep breath, and look back at him.
"She The witch I told you about tested on me," I said. His eyes flashed gold but then went back to normal.
"I promise you won't fall into their hands," he said. And that set me off. I get out of bed with fury in my eyes.
"You have to stop giving me false hope," I growl. He stands up and faces me from across the bed.
"No one will touch my mate," he growls. His eyes were golden. His wolf was out.
"You have no idea what you're going against. I barely got out of that place alive," I snarl. He smashed his hand through our wall.
"You'll need a miracle to get through all of them," I said and I stormed out of the room.
33
Sophia's POV
I storm into a guest room where I kept extra clothes just in case something like this would happen. I open the closet and take out my shorts and my sports bra.
"Brody, can you come out with me and train?" I asked him while I was changing. I waited for a few seconds but there was no answer from him. It was 1 am so I assumed he was sleeping. So I tried Jacob next.
"Are you free right now?" I ask. I made my way out of the house and stood in the freezing night. It was a mistake to wear shorts. I brought my wolf forward to warm me up a bit.
"Yeah, you need anything?" His voice asked in my head. I sat down in the grass and let out a sigh.
"You want to come out and train a bit?" I ask him. He's silent for a few seconds then I get a response from him.
"Yeah just give me a few minutes to get ready," he said.
"Oh can you also get me a sweatshirt I'm kinda cold. I picked the wrong outfit for tonight," I ask him. A cool breeze hit my face on and I shiver slightly.
"Yeah I'll bring one over," he said. I thank him and lay down in the grass. The dirt was cold but it felt nice. The stars scattered the sky but there were clouds hiding half of them.
Suddenly, I felt a soft cloth fall on my face. It was drowned in Titus' scent. I picked it off my face and saw Jacob standing over me.
"I brought Titus' sweatshirt because I don't think he'll be happy if he smelled my scent on you," he said. I nod and put it on and it instantly warmed me up.
"So why are you awake at 1 Am?" He asks. I shrug and he helps me up from the ground. I wipe the grass off my back.
"I think the better question is why you're awake at this time," I said. He shrugs and gives a light smile.
"I always do this. I always think about the life I could've had with my mate," he whispers. Sadness glazed over his eyes and I give him a big hug.
"She doesn't deserve you. You deserve so much more than her," I whisper into his chest. Jacob is such a great guy and when Isabella rejected him, she made the biggest mistake of her life.
"Hey, the Moon Goddess gave me Titus after Terry rejected me. Your second chance mate is somewhere out there. You just have to find her," I said. He nods and sniffs a little. A guy who can protect someone and still show emotions.
"So do you want to get going?" He asks. I nod and I hear cracking come from his body and he turns into his beautiful gray wolf that glistens in the moonlight.
"Climb on. My wolf won't bite," his voice said in my head. I could see his wolf give a little smirk. I roll my eyes and climb onto his back carefully.
The second both of my legs were off the ground, his wolf had sped off already. The force of the movement almost knocked me to the ground.
"Could you slow down a bit?" I laugh as I watch the trees go by in a flash. I wrapped my arms around his neck and held on just in case.
"Nope," he said. I could basically see his smile as he said that. I looked up and saw a snowflake fall from the sky. It became a small flurry on the forest floor. I saw the familiar sign that marked the restricted area and saw two guards as we passed by, I think. They were just kind of two blurs because Jacob was going so fast.
He came to the slow trot and I rolled off his back laid on the cool leaves on the floor and let the snow fall on my face.
I heard Jacob's bones crack into place and he put his clothes on. I sit up and grab the tree to help me up.
"I can't do this after 2 weeks," I said balancing myself. Soon I will start showing because werewolf pregnancy is only 5 months. In 2 weeks it'll mark a month.
"Well let's make this worth it," he said. He led us to the cleared area with no trees but leaves still scattered the area. There were punching bags hanging on trees.
"Pick one and have your go on it because I sure can't fight you since you're pregnant," he said. I gasp and laugh.
"I can't believe I have special treatment just because I'm pregnant," I laugh. He rolls his eyes and smiles. I chose the punching bag that looked the less worn out. It had a few holes here and there but it wasn't as bad as the other ones. Jacob chose the punching bag across from mine and started going at it.
I get ready to start letting my anger out but then I saw red eyes that pierced my memory a few hours before. They came closer to me and I saw his terrible smile. He pounced on me and my back slammed onto the ground and he was right on top of me. I let out a yelp and I heard movement from behind me.
I moved my head backward and saw Jacob held against a tree by another rouge I'd never seen before.
"Sophia get out of here," he growled. He tried to push the rouge from off of him but he was too strong.
"Oh Sophia how I've missed you," he said. His claw trailed my neck. I was terrified but I couldn't show it. Rule 1 of training, don't let opponents see your weakness or they can use it against you.
"Sophia," Jacob roared. He managed to get a hand free and grabbed the rouge's neck and lifted him in the air. Two more rouges came out from the woods and held him back to the tree. His eyes were a bright golden in opposition to green eyes.
"Oh Sophia you should really control your Gamma," he said pressing his claws to my neck. I've seen him long enough to know his tricks.
"You won't hurt him," I say giving him a sly smile. He pushed his claws deeper into my neck. Not breaking skin but almost.
"And why is that?" he questioned.
"Because if you do, I'm not going with you willingly," I said. "And if you take me against my will, I'll make my living hell yours." There was a large roar that shook the trees in the distance. He loosed his claws from my neck and growled. I let out a gasp and scooted away from him.
"Two weeks. You have two weeks to say goodbye to everyone you love and then you ours," he said backing into the darkness.
"Why did he send you Josh," I said his name with distaste. "Why didn't Adrian just come and take me himself?"
"He's with Delphine setting your cell up," he smiled and took his rouge pose, and left. Jacob let out a growl and punched a dent in the tree.
"I'm going after them," he growled ripping his shirt off. I hold his arm and shake my head.
"You won't find them. Take a second, calm down, and try to find their scent. You can't," I said. I heard him steady his heart rate but then I heard the crunching of leaves and a heavy breathing in the distance.
"You linked Titus?" I ask him he nods and I let out a groan. He's already so stressed out about everything I don't need him to be stressed out even more.
I heard bone cracking and Titus came out of the shadows with shorts on. Thank god.
"What the hell happened here," he growled. Jacob explained what happened and he violently started shaking.
"Why would you come out here while you're pregnant?" He scolded me. I rolled my eyes and stormed off into the woods.
"Sophia get back here," he growled.
"Yeah, 'cause growling will totally make me feel better. I'm not someone you can just push around. If you want to order me around make me an omega and maybe I'll listen. I have two weeks left before I can either give myself to them or let you all suffer. I know you know which one I'll choose so maybe having my mate just there next to me while I can would be nice. But you decided to boss me around so I'll just go now," I finish.

I bring more wolf forward slightly jump up onto a low-hanging branch and swing myself up the tree. I heard Titus' calls for me but I didn't listen. I swung myself all the way up and sat on the sturdiest branch I could find. I could see our house and the pack house from here.
Why did I have to be the one the Moon Goddess chose? Why couldn't I have a normal life where I lived happily with my mate? Why does everyone want to hunt me down?
I wiped a stray tear from my cheek and let out a soft sniffle. The snow landed softly on my body and since I was up high, it was a bit chilly. I steadied myself leaned back on the trunk of the tree and drifted into sleep.
I woke up but I was no longer in the tree it also didn't feel like I was on the ground. I was standing on what felt like clouds. I couldn't see my feet because there was some form of mist over it. The sky was not blue but more like a pastel pink.
"Why am I here?" I whisper to myself.
"Why dear child, you're here to talk to me." A lady came out of the mist and she emitted a lot of power. I've never felt anything like this. Then it hit me. She was the Moon Goddess. I lower my head quickly in submission.
"You don't need to bow to me, Sophia. You're my helper," she said. I look up and nod.
"Why am I here?" I ask her. She shrugs and gives me a smile my mom would give me.
"What is my purpose as your helper?" I ask her.
"I can only do so much to help the werewolf world. A lot of people don't follow their fate and that causes separation in the world. So while I'm up here, your job is to keep peace in the world where I can't," she says. I let that sink in for a minute then nod.
"Am I my parents' daughter?" I ask.
"That's something you have to ask them yourself," she says. "It's time for you to leave Sophia."
My vision goes dark then I wake up again. On top of the tree.
34
Sophia's POV
My mind raced with memories of my dream. I haven't figured out if it was a dream yet. I jumped off the tree and let my wolf take over my body. We ran in human form back to the house. I walked into our room and I instantly knew it was a mistake.
I saw Titus packing two suitcases on our bed. One had his clothes and the other had mine.
"Sorry," I mumbled and went to close the door but he stopped me.
"Wait Sophia," he says. I stop in my tracks. I take a deep breath and turn around and face him.
"I'm sorry for last night and the last few days. I've been stressed lately. I've been contacting Alpha's the past few days to help us against these rouges. And I've just been really worried about you and now that you're pregnant, it's been intensified. Last night was the most scary I've ever been. Jacob linked me and I thought I was too late. So I just snapped. And for that I'm sorry," he apologized. I knew he was stressed and I knew that it was a genuine apology.
"I forgive you," I said barely above a whisper. He gave me a light smile and came over and hugged me. I considered telling him about the talk I had with the Moon Goddess but I decided to keep it to myself.
"We leave for the Alpha Meeting soon," he whispers. Why does he always do this to me? Telling me plans right before it happens.
"I'll help you pack," I said going into my closet and all the empty spots have been filled with more clothes.
"Where are all of Tala and I's clothes?" I asked. Everything was cleared out of the closet. I looked outside and I saw that everything on the nightstands was missing.
"Where is all my stuff?" All I ask him. It takes him a second for him to comprehend the question.
"Oh yeah. I moved all of your things into my room so we can stay in one room instead of having our stuff in different rooms," he said. I always forgot we stayed in different rooms. He always just stayed in my room. "All the other clothes I asked them to leave are in that suitcase now."
I nod and look at the clothes he packed for me. I saw a few shirts, leggings, and two beautiful dresses, and dinner wear, but I mostly saw a bunch of lingerie.
"Really?" I ask holding up the stack of lace lingerie. He gives a little cheeky grin and I throw half of the pile on the floor.
"I need more shirts than lingerie," I said.
"Well I think I'm going to see you more in lingerie," he whispers into my ear. Shivers go down my spine and I gasp.
"It's rude to do that in other Alpha's packs," I retaliate. I felt him smirk lightly against my ear. Sparks flew when his lips touched my skin.
"I'm sure Alpha Ryan won't mind," he whispers. Alpha of the Lotus Pack. His lips trailed down to my neck and to my mark. My stomach has twisted as he sucked on my mark.
"Titus," I whisper. I let out a small moan as he continued to leave small love bites on my neck. I still only had shorts and his hoodie on. He pushed the suitcases off the bed while his other hand was placed on my back. He flipped me around and my back hit the soft bed.
He moved from my neck to my lips. Tingles go all through my body. He pulled his hoodie over my head and now I was left in my sports bra and shorts. We were breathless. I pulled back from him so I could catch my breath but he kept going.
He went down to my chest and down to my stomach. His hands grabbed my inner thighs. He pulled my shorts off my body. He starts to play with my heat through my underwear.
"Titus," I moan. A shiver went up my spine. His hand went to my bra and he grabbed the edge of it ready to tear it off. I heard the door swing open and I silently cussed.
"Shut sorry," I heard Brody's voice apologize. We were both panting and both our lips were swollen and our hearts racing. I turned away from the open door so that Brody could only see my back.
"What do you need Brody?" He asked breathlessly. He didn't look at him but instead, he was looking at me, lust was in his eyes.
"You might want to take a cold shower and pick up those suitcases from the ground because Alpha Ryan gave us the okay to cross his pack borders," Brody snickered a little.
"Give me a few minutes," he grunts. "Brody help Sophia pack the suitcases back up."
I grab his sweatshirt and shorts off the floor and put them back on and pick the heavy suitcase back on the bed.
"Sorry for interrupting your session," Brody laughed. I rolled my eyes and threw the clothes back in the bag.
"Give me a second I need to go take a shower. Throw Titus' clothes back into the other suitcase and I'll be back in a few minutes. Titus took my shower so I grabbed my towel which still hung on the back of the door.
I walk into Titus room and his scent smelt old. He hasn't been in here for a while. He always came to my room. I pick fresh clothes out of our now-shared closet and take a quick shower. I wrap my hair and change really quickly grabbing a few more clothes out of the closet to bring to the Lotus Pack.
The Lotus Pack is up there on the list of strong packs. Ruled by Alpha Ryan and Luna Mia. They've ruled the pack for 7 years already and have gained a lot of pack members. They are known for being generous to rouges. Stories of how Titus and Alpha Ryan are total opposites float around the werewolf world. Titus was one of the most cruel Alpha's out there but apparently he never showed that part of him to me. Alpha Ryan was very generous and liked.
I packed the rest of my clothes and Brody zipped the bags up. Then I remembered I had to talk to my parents.
"Do you know where my parents are staying?" I ask Brody. He nods.
"2nd floor Room 233," he said. I thank him and make my way to the pack house. Everyone greeted me as I walked in and I made my way to the room I was told they were in. I have two soft knocks. Then I heard my dad's voice invite me in.
"Hey sweetheart what brings you here?" My mom asks. She was also packing. Probably to go back to the pack.
"I'm about to leave for the Alpha Meeting in an hour or so but I need to ask you something that's been bothering me," I said. My dad nodded and I took a deep breath.
"Am I your daughter?" I ask. Their eyes went wide and they looked at each other worried. That already answered my question.
"You were found at the border of our back. Your dad found you and instantly fell in love. We tried to find your birth parents but we couldn't find them. But we knew you were one of our kind," My mom explained. The first 18 years of my life have been all a lie.
"I'm sorry honey we should have told you," My dad says. I was speechless. I had no response to what they just said.
"Just give me a few days to process," I mumble and I walk out the door. I heard them calling my name but I was far gone. Everything I had known was a lie. I raced back to our house.
There was a pain in my chest. Not out of physical pain but of betrayal. I walked into Titus's room and tried not to punch anything. I was beyond hurt.
"What's wrong?" I heard Titus ask. I turned around and saw him changed and ready to leave. I shake my head and sit on our bed.
"I know there's something wrong. The pain in your chest mirrors mine," he said sitting down next to me. I leaned on him and let out a shaky breath.
"I'm adopted. My whole life is a lie," I whisper to him. He holds me in his arms and rubs my back. "I don't really want to talk about it."
"Alright well I'm always here if you need me," he whispers then pecks my lips. "But we really need to get going now if we're going to make it in time."
I nod and stand up. I walk outside and see Brody and Jacob with 4 suitcases.
"Tala's with his mom and everything is taken care of," Jacob says pointing to Brody. I smile and nod.
"Alright let's roll," I smile. 
35
The drive was 7 hours long and we were only 2 hours in. Titus drove while I sat in the passenger seat. Brody and Jacob sat in the back.
We walked into the garage while Brody and Jacob carried our bags. My jaw dropped to the floor. It was a large garage and the cars ranged from Corvette Stingray to Teslas.
"How the fuck do you have so many cars?" I gasp at Titus. There were at least 16 cars.
"Well, we all share this garage so they're not all mine. The Lamborghini, Bugatti Veyron, Corvette Stingray, and Tesla are mine. Brody and Jacob each have 6," he said. There was a range of colors but all the ones Titus pointed out were black.
"As you can see Titus loves expensive cars and black," Jacob laughs. "They all have names."
"You name your cars?" I ask.
"Not this fucking joker is trying to frame me," he says pointing at Jacob. We all laugh.
"You better love me more than your cars," I said fake pouting and crossing my arms. He grabbed me by the waist and kissed me.
"Of course not I only love you, and the Tesla, but mostly you," he says. I heard a few chuckles from them behind us. I scoff and slap his chest. "I'm just playing."
"Dude get a room I almost saw you get Sophia naked. I've seen too much today already," he laughs.
"Today you wanna see more of that?" Jacob asks him. I roll my eyes and shake my head.
"If we don't leave now we're going to be late," I said.
"So the Alpha Meeting is 4 days. Every night there's a dinner with everyone. On the first day, tomorrow, it's a chill day we can meet later that night. There is a huge ball, that's what the two dresses I packed are for. The second night there's a Meeting where we address problems we have in our packs. The third night we see what we can talk about solutions to those problems. On the 4th night, we go on a huge run then we feast. The fifth day we leave," Titus starts to explain. I'm going to meet so many Lunas and Alphas.
"I think I'm gonna be out of place. I mean these rulers have been ruling their pack for years. I haven't done anything to help the pack," I said.
"That's partially my fault. I always did your work so you didn't have to do it," Titus says putting his hand on my leg.
"Why I'm supposed to contribute to this pack," I say. He shrugs and looks at me and smiles. "Hey look at the road."
"I like to spoil you. Make my mate feel comfortable. You've been here for 6 months already. I didn't want to throw you into it straight away," he said. I watch the trees zip by.
There was fresh snow on the road but it had stopped snowing. The car left tracks in the snow.
"Ya know I always did my father's Beta work. I thought it was fun," I say casually. I could see Brody gasp in the side mirror.
"Fun? Beta work here is far from fun. He loads my desk up with so much work," he accused Titus. He laughs and shrugs.
"Fine I'll consider giving you some work when we get back," Titus said. I smile and I hear Brody groan.
"If y'all share an office, y'all are never going to get any work done," Brody groans. I heard Jacob snicker and my face turned a beet red.
"I call dibs on not sharing a room with Sophie and Titus," Jacob calls out quickly.
"We're all getting our own rooms dumbass. Since they're mates they get their own room," Brody explained rolling his eyes. I snicker a little and adjust my chair and lean it back.
"Hey I'm sitting back here," Jacobs says.
"There's a whole other row and you can lie down there," I turned around and pointed to the back row. He groaned and got up and moved to the back row.
"How much longer till we get there?" I ask trying to get comfortable in my seat. I take my pillow and blanket out of my bag and get comfortable.
"Maybe two hours. I haven't been keeping up with time," Titus says. I nod and lean the pillow on the door.
"Wake me up when we get there," I mumble and close my eyes, and fall asleep.
I woke up shortly but two hours had passed. We were on a rocky path and we were approaching the pack entrance. Guards lined the road.
"Are we here?" I ask. I groan as I sit up. I had fallen asleep on my arm and indentions of the pillow were on my arm.
"Yeah we're about to cross onto pack lands," Brody says pulling himself up using Titus headrest. The trail went further into the woods for about 20 more minutes then we came up to this huge mansion. It wasn't as big as Titus' pack house but it was pretty big.
The side doors opened and someone had opened my door for me. I got out and let out a groan as I stretched.
"They'll bring our bags up to our rooms later," Jacob said walking up next to me. Titus got out and handed his keys to a wolf and came up next to me and grabbed onto my waist and held me close to him. Two people walked up in front of us that emitted power.
"Welcome to Lotus Pack Titus and Luna Sophia," Alpha Ryan greeted and shook Titus hand. Luna Mia stood next to her and gave me a sweet smile. I lightly smile and wave.
"Thank you for having us," Titus thanks. He holds out his hand to me and I shake it.
"Hi I'm Ryan no need for formalities," he smiles. I felt Titus' hold on my waist tighten. Even though Ryan was mated, it was clear he didn't like a male touch what was his.
"I'm Sophia," I smile. "Titus calls me Sophia but you can call me Sophie or Soph if you'd like to."
"I think I'll just stick to calling you Sophie," he says. Luna Mia stuck her hand out to Titus I now know how Titus felt when Ryan shook hands with me. I hated the fact that another female's hand was on Titus even though it was just a handshake.
"I'm Mia but you don't have to stick the 'Luna' in front of it," Mia smiled and stuck her hand out in front of me.
"I'm Sophia," I say quickly and smile. I felt uncomfortable and out of place next to her. She looked elegant and independent and I just looked like a normal she-wolf.
"This is our Beta Noah and Gamma Ethan," Ryan said. They both came up and shook hands with us. "They'll show you to your rooms."
We nod and say our goodbyes and follow them around the pack house. We come to a hallway of rooms.
"Okay so this room 117 is Titus' and Sophia's room," Gamma Ethan pointed. "And Beta Brody and Gamma Jacob's room is next to it. It has separate beds."
"In about 3 hours they'll be a dinner down in the ballroom. Formal wear is nothing to fancy. So you can make yourself comfortable," Beta Noah said. We thanked them and Brody and Jacob walked down to their room and Titus and I walked into ours.
Our bags were in the middle of the room and the curtains were drawn. We walked in and Titus locked the door. It was fairly big. A white room that led to a balcony. A bathroom and closet were given and it smelt like lavender.
⚠️Sexual Activity⚠️
Titus rushed and closed the curtains and came back over to me and smashed his lips into mine.
"Let's continue what we started," he said. His eyes filled with lust and his voice deep. He grabbed me by my waist and I wrapped my legs around his waist.
"Titus...," my voice trailed off as he put his lips back on mine. "We're in someone else's pack."
"Nothing can stop me from showing you how much I love you. And the rooms are soundproof," he whispers. He brings me to the bed and my back hits the bed.
My legs were still wrapped around his torso and his waist was pressing against mine. He nibbles on my ear and leaves small kisses trailing down to my neck.
He pulls my shirt up and plants small kisses on my stomach. I let out a gasp of pleasure as he got closer to the waistband of my shorts.
"You're so beautiful," he whispers against my stomach. He pulled my shirt over my head and stared at me.
"I'm so lucky to have you," he says. I blush and his fingers trail up my arms and in between the crevice of my chest. He unhooks the back of my bra and takes it off my body.
I take his shirt off and unbutton his jeans. His bulge in his pants was obvious. He slipped my shorts and underwear off. He dipped his head underneath. His tongue explored my heat. I let out a moan in pleasure. The knot in my stomach began to build up.
My hands went down to his hair. I moaned in delight as he kept going. The knot became unbearable to hold and the walk came crashing down. I let out a loud moan and Titus came back up with my juices in his mouth.
He brought his lips to my mouth and we kissed. I ripped his boxers off while we kept kissing. I felt his member hit my leg. I felt it throbbing begging for it to be pleased.
My hand wrapped around it and stroked it up and down. He stops kissing me and takes a breath. Both of our lips were swollen. His forehead touched mine while I kept stroking him. My other hand was on his back. I thought he was uncomfortable so I took my hand away from him.
"No don't stop," he said breathlessly. He grabs my hand and wraps it around him. His breath wavers and he lets out a moan. I felt his high coming then he stopped me.
"No, not yet. I want to please you," he whispers against my ear. It sent shivers to my body. I nodded and I felt his member at my entrance, teasing me.
"Please, Titus. I want you," I groan. He kissed me and then swiftly thrust into me. I moan his name and I see his eyes turn black again. I felt the knot building up again as I felt his member twitch inside of me.
"I'm so close," he groans.
"Me too," I said. I felt the wall fall one last time and my walls close around him. He moaned in my ear and he released his seed inside of me. We both were breathless. He pulled out from me as his seed trailed behind him.
He collapsed next to me and I snuggled my head into his neck and breathed in his intoxicating scent.
"I love you," I whisper to him.
"I love you so much," he says back.
36
Sophia's POV
We got out of bed to get ready for dinner tonight. I dug through my suitcase and found a pink off-the-shoulder dress.
"Did you pack any shoes for me?" I ask Titus. He nods and hands me a bag. I looked in and saw too many pairs of shoes.
"Why did you pack so many??" I ask. He shrugs.
"I wanted you to have choices," he said. I picked out a gold heels and took my makeup bag out of my bag.
"Why do you need makeup you look better without it," Titus says coming up behind me and wrapping his arms around my body. He rested his chin on my shoulder. He was wearing and dress shirt and pants.
"You want me to go into a whole dinner with Alphas and Lunas around the United States with no makeup on? Well, you thought wrong," I said starting it.
"You would stand out more," he says.
"Yeah I would be the only one there who didn't have the decency to put on any makeup," I said. I took another 20 minutes then there was a knock at the door. I put on the finishing touches to my lipstick and Titus opened the door.
Brody and Jacob walked in. They were wearing dress shirts and jeans with boots.
"Boots? Really? I question. They shrug and I roll my eyes.
"It smells like sex in here," Jacob comments. My face immediately heated up and I looked away from them. The room was soundproof but not smellproof. I quickly took my perfume and sprayed it across the room.
"I think we should get going," Brody said. I set my perfume back down and grabbed my purse.
"Alright I'm ready," I said. We walked through the large pack house and found the ballroom. Guards were posted on either side of the door. I felt waves of power in the room. Each Alpha trying to fight for dominance in the room.
I could feel Titus exerting his dominance like everyone else. There was so much food and so many tables. Titus chose a table with several plates of food on it.
"We can just eat and leave," he whispers to me. I nodded and filled my plate with food. There were several people already eating. People came by with drinks. I took a glass of water and handed Titus a cup of whiskey.
"We only need to greet people tomorrow," he explains to me. He picked my fork up and scooped up some food and held it up to my mouth.
"I told you a million times I can eat by myself," I said.
"I know," he shrugged and kept the fork held up to my mouth. I ate the food and he kept feeding me until My plate was empty.
"Do you want more?" He asks. I shook my head but he filled my plate up again and held the filled fork to my mouth.
"I'm not hungry anymore," I lied. I didn't want to eat like a pig in front of everyone so I just settled with one plate.
"Well you had one plate and you're pregnant. You eat 3 plates at home," he says.
"Why did you expose me like that?" I pout and take another bite. The food was great but Titus had not eaten yet.
I took a plate and filled it up with food and grabbed a fork and filled it with food.
"Eat," I said putting it up to his face. He shook his head.
"I'm supposed to be feeding you. Not the other way around," he said.
"Well then eat because you haven't taken a single bite yet," I said. He held my hand and moved the fork to his mouth and took a bite.
"Hey Sophia," I heard from behind me. A familiar voice. I turned around and saw my brother standing there next to Terry. His Gamma was a familiar face, Scott Dean. Titus pulled me close to him after seeing my rejected mate.
Did James know? Did he know that I'm not really his sister. How the hell do we look so alike? Maybe it's a placebo effect and because everyone thought we related.
"Did you know that I'm adopted?" I ask softly. I didn't see any greetings or special hellos. Terry's eyes widened. So I guess it was news to him but James' eyes filled with sorrow.
"Yeah, I did." My brother. Or should I even call him that? He lied to me for 18 years. Everyone did. Who can I trust anymore? These past months have been filled with lies.
"And you didn't tell me?" I ask. I should have listened to Titus and not worn any makeup because if I cry right now my makeup will run.
"Mom and Dad made me swear not to tell you," he said. I could see regret in his eyes. Tears well up in my eye and I quickly wiped them away.
"And you listened to them," I whisper. I grab my purse and quickly walk out of the ballroom. I didn't see anyone follow me out. I was half relieved but also hurt that Titus didn't come after me.
I went down the hall that I thought was our hallway but I was wrong. I kept taking the wrong way and I ended up just sitting in the hallway. I let out a sniffle and wiped my tears from my face.
I heard footsteps come down the hall and I quickly grabbed my purse and got up.
"Sophia, are you okay?" I heard Ryan ask. I turn around and shake my head and sniffle.
"Titus is looking for you. He asked me to come find you," he said. "I can bring you to him."
I nodded and flowed him through the maze again. I saw Titus waiting for me nervously. He saw my face and he came up to me and hugged me.
"Let's go," he whispers into my ear. "Thank you for finding her Ryan.
He picks me up bridal style and I lean into his chest, careful not to smudge my makeup on his shirt. He unlocks the door and sets me down on the bed.
"It was all a lie," I say. My breath wavers and my breathing becomes uneven. He sits next to me and caresses my cheek with his thumb. "They all lied to me."
"Shh it's okay," he says soothingly. I get up quickly and grab a makeup wipe and wipe all my makeup off.
"Can you help me unzip my dress?" I ask him. He stands up and helps me. I totally forgot I wasn't wearing a bra. I saw Titus' eyes darken as he looked at me in the mirror. I saw him force his wolf down and he took a deep breath.
"Do you want to talk about it?" He asks. I grab a shirt out of my bag and put it on.
"Talk about what? That my parents hid the biggest secret they could ever hide from me?" I snap. I sit down on the bed and sigh.
"Think about Tala. When are you going to tell her you adopted her and that her birth mother thought she was a mistake," he said.
"I'll tell her when she's ready," I said.
"And when will she ever be ready to hear that? She's seen her mom leave but she hasn't comprehended it yet," he said. "When in your life are you ever ready to hear that you're adopted?" I shrug trying not to show that he had a point.
"I know you feel betrayed right now but your parents were doing what was best for you," he says. I nod and sip a final tear off my cheek.
"Charlotte told me Tala is asking for you," he said. I smile at the thought of her. She's not next in line for Alpha though. Not born with our blood but she still means so much.
"I noticed you're starting to show," he said pointing to my stomach.
"Are you calling me fat?" I say fake offended.
"Of course not but our baby is starting to show." He lifted my shirt and he was right. A small bump had started. He lightly kissed my stomach.
"I love you so much," he whispers.
"Are you talking to me or the baby bump?" I ask chuckling. He chuckles and smiles.
"Of course, I was talking to both of you," he smiles with a devious fling in his eyes. He flings me over his body and I was straddling him. He sits up and kisses me.
"Just looking at you with me makes me aroused," he whispers in my ear. He takes my ear in his teeth and smiles against my ear. A feeling started to grow in my heart. I feel his fingers start to work their way into my underwear.
"You're so wet for me," he groans.
"All I want is you."
37
Sophia's POV
The commotion outside in the hallway woke me up. I groaned and turned in the bed and saw that Titus was getting ready for the day.
"Why didn't you wake me up?" I ask, quickly sitting up realizing that I have meet everyone today. I fling off the blanket and wash my face quickly in the bathroom.
"I didn't wake you because we have time, and I thought I would let you get a little rest," he explains. I wipe my face with a towel that had his scent all over it.
"That doesn't matter it takes time to make me look approachable." I always look half dead in the morning and I'm making an impression today.
I dig through my suitcase and pick out a dress. I wouldn't wear it to a dinner party but it was a casual dress. I go back into the bathroom and comb through my hair a few times. I didn't like how it poofed up in the mornings. I go back out and see Titus fixing his fair using the vanity mirror.
"Titus you can do that in the bathroom. I need to do my makeup now," I said nudging him out of the way. I heard him chuckle. His voice is always deeper in the morning. Not like I'm complaining or anything.
"You're bossy in the morning," he laughs giving me I smile.
"You haven't noticed? You literally see me in the morning almost every day." He shakes his head and walks into the bathroom.
I did my makeup to match my dress. I take my black spaghetti strap and shorts off and pull my dress on. I try to zip my dress but unfortunately, my arms don't bend that way.
"Do you need me to help you?" He asks from behind me. I sheepishly nod but I don't feel my dress tighten.
"First say sorry for being bossy to me this morning," he says. I shake my head.
"You're just not used to having people tell you what to do. You need to learn if you're going to have me in your life," I said. He gasps and puts his hand over his heart fake hurt.
"Fine then the back of your dress is not getting zipped up," he contradicted. I shrug with a cheeky smile on my face.
"Okay I bet there are a lot of Alphas outside that can help me," I shrugged and reached for the door handle. He let out a huff and I felt him zip up my dress. I smile and turn back around.
I heard him grumble to himself but I just ignored him. I picked up my perfume bottle but his hand covered mine and put it down.
"I don't want other males to smell you," he says being overly protective. I roll my eyes and spray it anyway.
"And you have cologne on and I'm not complaining about how other she-wolves could smell you," I shrug. He lets out an irritated huff.
"You don't want Terry smelling me?" I question him. I saw him look away and clench his jaw. I sigh and take his cheek in my hand.
"I don't want that bullshit of a mate. I love you," I whisper. He leans into my touch and nod. I peck him on the lips and grab socks out of the pocket of the suitcase. I dug through the bag of shoes he packed and found ankle boots.
I held on to Titus' arm to help stabilize myself as I put them on. I heard a knock on the door and I opened it and saw Brody.
"Y'all take too long to get ready," he laughs. I roll my eyes and grab my purse.
"Well you can blame Titus for not waking me up," I grumble and off the light. Our hallway was connected to the common area so it was quite loud.
"There are at least 21 packs from all over the United States," Jacob whispers to me. I let out a yelp because he came out of nowhere.
"You can't scare me like that," I huff. He chuckles and I shake my head.
"Who are we meeting first?" I ask Titus. He shrugs and looks through the crowd of people. The room felt the same as yesterday. Everyone was fighting for dominance. Titus held his elbow out and I hooked my arms on him.
I saw Terry approach us with James and Ethan and I silently cussed in my head. My hold on Titus' arm tightens. I haven't heard from my wolf since she's worrying about our pup but I felt her stir as he got closer. I had to keep her from snapping at Terry.
"James it's better to stay away from Sophia. She can't get worked up," Titus growled. He gave a glare to Titus and I felt myself get agitated again.
"Why can't she get worked up?" Terry asked. I could tell Titus had a smirk on his face when he replied.
"Because she's pregnant. It's not good for the baby," he nonchalantly replies. Terry's eyes raged with furry and his claws came out.
"You got my mate pregnant?" He raged and leaped at Titus. My wolf was quick and moved in front of Titus and caught both of his hands before he got to Titus. I let out a growl letting my eyes glow silver. I could tell all the attention was on us now.
"What the hell is happening?" An unfamiliar voice asks. I man walked out of the crowd with his Luna by side. Alpha Liam. The strongest Alpha. Even stronger than Titus.
Stories about him and his dad's relationship. His dad was abusive. Wanted him to grow up to be the strongest Alpha. He grew tired of it and killed his father after he was strong enough. His mom was a sweet Luna. But she was killed by rouges. Alpha Liam's mate was human. Luna Lily was kind. Set Liam in order. The only pack bigger and stronger than Alpha Liam's pack is the Alpha King but he's not here.
Terry sling his hands out of my grasp. And I calm my wolf down and my eyes went back to their natural blue color.
"Alpha Liam it's good to see you again," Titus greets. He smiles and nods.
"Is this the Luna Sophia you've been talking about?" He questions. He nods and I give him a sheepish wave. Everyone was still looking at us.
"Well, Luna Sophia would you care to tell me what happened here?" He asks. He was radiating power.
"You don't have to tell him if you don't want to," Titus whispers in my ear I lightly nod.
"Alpha Terry got angry because he found out I was pregnant," I said. He smiled and I heard a few gasps.
A wave of 'congratulations' came towards us and my face became red and I just stood and smiled.
"And why would Alpha Terry be angry about this?" He asks.
"Don't you dare tell him, Sophia," Terry ordered me. Alpha Liam let out a growl and so did Titus and I.
"Remember. I left the pack. You are no longer my Alpha. I don't follow your rules," I threaten. He snarls and I let my wolf come forward to show dominance.
"You've got a strong wolf there Sophia," Liam commented.

My wolf felt pride by the compliment.
"Alpha Terry rejected me. I found Titus and he was my second chance mate," I said staring dead in Terry's eyes. Multiple gasps go across the room.
"Well Alpha Terry," Liam says with disgust after finding out what happened. "You have no say about what happens in Titus' and Luna Sophia's life. If you slip up again you will be asked to leave." He says. And with that, everyone went back to what they were talking about.
Alpha Liam came up to us with Luna Lily. She gives me a soft smile and I slightly wave.
"I'm sorry for the inconvenience," I apologize. Titus grabs my waist tightly.
"It wasn't your fault," he dismissed quickly. "You need to watch your eyes though. I haven't seen one of your kind in a while."
"Everyone else's wolves eyes are golden and yours are silver so I would be careful," he warns. "A lot of people are going to come after you and you need to be ready."
I nod and thank him and we move on. Titus and I meet all the other Alphas and Lunas. They were all so nice and sweet. But I was worried for the ball tonight.
I don't know the first thing about dancing.
---
So I have a list of descriptions of main characters I make so I'm just going to add it so y'all know what everyone looks like.
Sophia Moretti
Dark silver wolf
Blue eyes
Brown almost black hair
5'6
18
Crescent moon birthmark
James Moretti
Brown Wolf
Brown Eyes
Brown Hair
6'2
21
Laura Moretti
No wolf yet
Brown Eyes
Brown Hair
3'6
5
Beta Derrick Moretti
Brown Wolf
Brown Eyes
Brown Hair
6'6
47
Beta Female Sierra Moretti
Brown Wolf
Brown Eyes
Brown Hair
5'9
45
Maya Bush
Light silver wolf
Greenish Eyes
Blonde Hair
5'7
18
Kira Laine
Brown with pink tail (dye)
Blue Eyes
Black Hair
5'7
19
Terry Moore
Blonde wolf
Brown Eyes
Blonde Hair
6'1
19
Alpha Titus Stone
Brown Hair
Baby blue eyes
Black Wolf
6'4
21
Beta Brody Montgomery
Reddish brown wolf
Light brown hair
Brown eyes
6'3
21

Gamma Jacob Lynn
Gray wolf
Greenish eyes
Dirty blonde hair
6'4
21
70
Sophia's POV
Titus, Brody, and Jacob helped bring all our bags out and into the car. I carried my backpack but it took a lot of convincing since Titus didn't want me to overwork.
Everyone has been leaving at different times. From early in the morning to now. We decided to leave in the afternoon. We stood at the entrance until we saw someone drive Titus' Tesla in front of us.
We packed all our stuff into the car and I put my backpack in the front with me.
"Thank you for having us Ryan," Titus thanked. He smiled and nodded.
"It was our pleasure." We said goodbye to Sienna and Alpha Kian who were leaving later. Titus helped me into his car and Brody and Jacob climbed into the back.
Titus started driving on the rocky road until we got to the back roads. I took my blanket and pillow out and leaned the chair back. Brody let out a groan and climbed to the back. I gave him a cheeky smile and then got comfortable.
"Thursday," I said out of the blue. "They said they're coming for me Thursday."
Titus gripped the wheel tighter. His knuckles became white against the wheel and the gear stick. I sighed and placed my hand over his hand that was on the gear stick. He visibly calmed at my touch but I could tell he was still tense.
"They're not going to get you, Soph. I've been working to pick out our best border control. They won't get past the border control," Brody said.
They didn't know my plan though. They won't have a chance to hurt my friends and family. I'm going to turn myself in. I can't bring torture to the people I love. If war breaks out between packs and the rouges, it'll be a massacre and I can't bring that upon the people I love
Over the years they've been gaining numbers. Rouges that have been banished by their pack seek out Adrian's pack of rouges. Wolves that have been overlooked and blinded with rage. And I'm just another one of their projects. They are all over the place but have always stayed near where I've been.
Powerful. I heard them talk about how I'm powerful and can be used to help dethrone Alphas but the only powerful ones I saw were them. Elizabeth almost died for me that day helping me escape them. I don't know how she found me that night but I am so grateful.
So I can't put my loved ones in danger. I can't bring myself to let them sacrifice their lives for mine. I'll have to find a way to get through their torment.
"We'll do whatever it takes to keep you safe Sophie," Jacob says leaning forward in his seat. I let out a small sigh and nod.
"Get some sleep, Sophia," Titus whispers to me. I nod and grab my fluffy socks and put them on. I put my feet up on the seat and leaned my pillow on the car door.
I closed my eyes but didn't sleep. I was scared that Delphine could mess with my mind again. She didn't do it last night but I'm scared she could do it today.
I did my best to stay awake but I was just so tired. So I eventually gave up and let myself fall asleep.
"Sophia we're home," Titus said which woke me up. I let out a small groan as I sat up in the seat. I cracked my back and neck and saw the familiar setting of the garage.
I put my shoes back on and hand my blanket over my shoulders and my pillow in my arms. Titus got out and helped me out of the car. Omegas were immediately sent to help get the bags out so I didn't have time to grab my bag before they did.
I saw the garage door open. Tala comes running to me while Charlotte
"Momma," she calls out with her hands open. My heart burst with joy. She jumped into my arms and wrapped me around my neck. Tears ran down my face out of pure joy. This was the first time she'd ever called me mom.
"Why are you crying?" she asks. I let out a small sniffle and wiped my tears.
"I'm just really happy," I whisper to her with a smile on my face. I toss my pillow to Titus and hold on tightly to Tala. I bring her to our new room. She hasn't really been in Titus's room but now all our things have been moved in here I have to get her used to it.
"So what have you been doing with Aunty Charlotte?" I asked Tala as we walked to Titus's room.
"She read me stories and we got a lot of ice cream. Oh! We also went to play with the other kids and got to make a cake," she started to ramble. She told me about her past 5 days.
I bring her into the closet and let her choose her own pajamas. She climbed into the middle bed and let out a yawn.
"You've had dinner right?" I confirm with her. She nods and lets out another small yawn. I turn off the lights and let her fall asleep. I sit in the rocking chair in the corner of the room. I look around Titus' massive room. It was visibly larger than mine.
It had the same glass wall window as my room just bigger. The moonlight shone into the room. I let out a small sigh as I started to get comfortable in the chair.
The door opened slowly and a crack of light shone into the dark room. Titus' head peeped into the room looking for me until his eyes landed on me.
"Do you want anything specific to eat? If not I'll get one of the omegas to go get pizza."
"I'm not that particular just get me cheese pizza," I whisper so that Tala won't wake up. He nods and closes the door.
I grab a towel from out of the closet and my pajamas. I walked into the bathroom and the smell of Titus hit me in the face like a breath of fresh air. Two sinks line one wall. One was elevated and one was filled with Titus things. The other one was empty. All my makeup would probably go here.
I hang my towel on the door and take a quick shower. I change into my pajamas and throw my dirty clothes into the hamper. I walked out and offed the bathroom light. The smell of fresh pizza seeped through under the crack of the door.
I walked out to see 4 boxes of large pizzas. Two pepperoni, one pineapple, and one cheese.
"Ew who eats pineapple pizza?" I asked as I walked up to the island. I grabbed a slice of my cheese pizza and took a bite.
"Hey don't hate on my pineapple pizza," Brody said taking a slice of it. I rolled my eyes and laughed.
"Did you know Tala was gonna calm me, Mom?" I ask Titus. He nods.
"Charlotte told me," he said. I nod and eat the rest of my pizza.
"I'm tired," I said letting out a yawn.
"How you literally took a 7-hour nap on the way back. It's been two hours since you've woken up," Jacob lets out a laugh.
"Well now, I'm going to sleep go goodnight everyone," I said. I walk back into our room and climb onto my side of the bed.
Tala snuggled closer to me as I got comfortable. Her light snores told me that she was still sleeping though. Titus came in shortly after and took a quick shower and climbed into bed.
---
71
Titus's POV
Monday
I felt Tala start to squirm around early in the morning. I let out a small groan and look down at her. Her eyes open slowly and she let out a squeak as she stretches her tiny arms. She rubs her eyes and looks at Sophia then looks at me. She saw that I was awake and smiled and waved at me.
"Are you hungry?" I ask her. I was trying to distract her from waking up Sophia. I wanted her to get some more rest since it was only 9.
She nods and I let out a small sigh. I got up and she stands up on the bed and climbs into my arms. I rest her on my hip and she wraps her arms around my neck.
"Before I make breakfast, we have to get ready," I told her. She nodded and I carry her into the bathroom. "Do you know where you step stool is?"
She nods and I set her down. She closes the door that leads to the bedroom and opens the bathroom closet door and points to her wooden step stool.
I put out the step stool in front of Sophia's sink and she climbs onto it and grabs her toothbrush out of the glass cup and puts her toothpaste on it and starts brushing her teeth.
I hold my hands on either side of her just in case she were to fall. She washes the rest of the toothpaste off of her toothbrush and rinsed her mouth. I carry her to the towels and she wipes her mouth.
"Are you ready to go choose your clothes?" I ask her. She nods and I off the bathroom light and carry her into our closet. I set her on the floor and she goes through her clothes that hung on the lowest rod nearest to the floor. She picks out a yellow dress with different colored flowers on the skirt.
"Do you need help changing?" I ask her. She shakes her head and she starts to take her pajamas off.
"I've got it," she told me. She finished changing and she grabs her Velcro shoes and puts them on. She hold her arms up at me and I carry her.
We carefully make our way out of the room, making sure Sophia doesn't wake up.
Sophia's POV
I let out a yawn and stretch my arms out above my head. My knuckles hit the headboard and I let out a string of curses under my breath. I quickly cover my mouth remembering Tala was in the room.
I look down and realized that she had disappeared. So had Titus. Their scent lingered in the room but it wasn't fresh. I let out a sigh of relief and sit up on the bed.
The curtains were drawn open and the sunlight was beaming down on our room. The smell of eggs, cinnamon, and butter filled our room. I grabbed my jacket of the closet door and slip into it before I walk outside.
I see Tala sitting on the bar stool patiently waiting, swinging her feet back and forth. I see Titus cooking shirtless, quietly whistling to himself. He turns around and see him but I signal for him to be quiet. I creep up behind Tala while she still watched Titus.
I yelled and tickled her and she let out a little squeal and jumps into my arms.
"Momma you're awake," she smiles. I was still not used to her calling me momma but I would have to get use to it since our baby girl is on the way. Which reminded me that Tala still doesn't know.
"Tala?" I ask her. She nods and I take a deep breath before starting. I look up at Titus and he looked a bit confused.
"What do you think about getting a baby sister?" I ask her. She takes a second to answer and my heart pounded faster.
"I would love that," she squeals.
"I could play with my dolls with her and we could play dress up and we can go play with the other people and we can make cookies and brownies and cupcakes and...," she rambled. I let out a small sigh of relief. Titus lets out a small chuckle as she continued listing things she could do.
Later, I needed to talk to Titus about names because I hated referring to the baby as her, it, she, the baby, and so on. I want to give her a label, an identity.
I put her back down on the bar stool as she kept talking to herself and walked over to Titus.
"Hi," I whisper to him. I leaned my back onto the counter. He puts his hands down on either side of me and stares into my eyes.
My breath hitched as I felt his breathing on my neck. No matter how long we're together, I would never get used to him doing this. It'll always have the same effect on me every single time. He moved his lips onto mine and deepened the kiss. I move away from the kiss and leave our foreheads touching.
"Tala is behind us," I whisper to him. He let out a small sigh and I suddenly smelt a burning smell. "And I think whatever you were cooking is burnt."
He turns around and lets out a curse. I slap his back and point to Tala. I see black smoke come off of whatever he was cooking. He groans and offed the fire and dumped the burnt thing in the trash.
"What were you making?" I ask him. He puts the pan in the sink and rinsed it in water.
"Well I was attempting to make French Toast but then you distracted me," he started to blame me. "I'm sorry Tala you'll have to wait a few more minutes."
Tala didn't seem to mind that she had to wait longer for her food though. I think she was still caught up in the idea of a sister.
"Don't blame all of this on me. It's not my fault you couldn't help yourself. I had to control my wolf after she saw you shirtless," I shrugged. I walked to the fridge and grabbed a few eggs, milk, and butter out of the fridge.
"You has to control yourself after looking at me," he said cockily. I roll my eyes and set the things on the counter.
"At least I did control myself," I shoved in his face. I grabbed the bag of bread out of the bread box and cinnamon from the pan of spices. I grabbed some vanilla extract out of the pantry and grabbed a bowl and a plate out of the cupboard and measuring spoons and cups out of the drawer.
"I was supposed to cook for you and Tala," Titus grumbled to me. I cracked three eggs into a bowl and miked in 2/3 cups of milk and a teaspoon of vanilla extract, and a 1/4 teaspoon of cinnamon in the bowl.
I looked up at Tala and see Titus playing with her. He brought her dolls out and started playing with them with her. I smile at the sight of them and go back to making the French toast.
I whisk the bowl of ingredients together until they were fully mixed. I grabbed the bag of bread and took 6 slices of bread out. Two for me one for Tala and three for Titus. Knowing him, he'll eat a lot.
I heard their distant talking while I hummed a song my mom used to sing to me when I was little. I still need to talk to her about how I'm not her biological daughter. I also need to apologize to James.
I take a pan and butter it and put it on the stove. I take two slices of bread and soak them in the bowl of mixed ingredients. I place them in the pan and turn the heat on. I grab a spatula and press down on the bread hearing a light sizzle.
As I continue to fry each side of the bread, I smell the two familiar scents approach our house. I look up at Titus and he smelled it too.
"I told them today we were going to spend the whole day together," he growled. I rolled my eyes and heard the front door open.
"It's fine. I don't mind," I said. I heard their indistinct talking from down the hall as I continued to make breakfast. Tala let out a gasp and quickly climbed down the stool.
"Jacob," she yelled and ran into the hallway. I heard her let out a laugh. I smiled to myself and put the two golden French Toast on a plate. I moved one to another and let it wait for the other two pieces of toast for Titus.
"You know I'm not making you two breakfast," I said as I saw them approach the kitchen from the side of my eye. "Because apparently, you all went invited."
"Don't worry we already ate," Brody said. Jacob carried Tala on her back as she let out giggles as he spam her around. I take the powdered sugar out and syrup out of the pantry. I take a box of strawberries and blueberries out of the fridge and rinse them.
I slice the strawberries while Titus, Brody, and Jacob talked. I arrange some slices of fruit around the toast and pour maple syrup on top. I take a spoon out of the drawer and sprinkle it on top. I slice the toast into little squares and place a fork on the plate.
"Make sure she doesn't poke herself," I whisper to Jacob as I pass the plate to Tala. He nods and she smiles as she sees her food.
"Tala what do you want to drink?" I ask her.
"Can I have apple juice please?" She responds. I grab the bottle of apple juice and pour some into her plastic cup and give it to her.
"I'm offended Sophia you didn't offer me any drinks," Brody scoffed. I rolled my eyes and shut the fridge.
"I don't need to offer you. You'll probably just get your own drink," I said starting on Titus breakfast.
When I was finished with everyone's, I let out a groan as I sat down on the bar stool. Tala has already finished and was off playing with Jacob and Titus was almost finished.
"Hey Soph," Brody started. I hummed in acknowledgement. "You remember when you first came here and was pissed at Titus and he sent me to check on you."
"And I scared you and tackled you to the floor. Yes I remember that," I laugh thinking of the memory.
"Well if I remember correctly, you still owe me that rematch," he said.
"Well you'll have to wait a bit longer after the baby is out," I laugh. And if I ever make my way out and away from the rouges.
"I'll be waiting still," he smiles.
72
Sophia's POV
Wednesday Night
From Monday night to now, it has been nonstop planning. Titus hasn't come home at night and he's been in his office the whole time. I bring him food and drinks but he still doesn't leave.
I've been writing notes to everyone and leaving them in my drawer so Titus could find them. Tomorrow I may never see them again. I can't put everyone I love through what I had to go through.
So, everything Titus is doing is useless but it distracts him from my plans.
We all sit in Titus's office now while Charlotte watches Tala. Titus grumbled as he broke his pen in half and threw it into the trash. There was a map of the pack territory was spread on top of his desk.
He grabbed another pen from out of his desk drawer and stood up.
"This is where the pack house is," he said marking it with two X's. "This is where Sophia's and I's house is."
"Pack town is 5 miles from the pack house," Brody said marking it with his pen. "And 20 miles away from the border."
"And the pack border stretches 31 miles away from the pack house in the other direction," Jacob points out.
"That's a lot of territory to cover," I mumble. And a lot of people waste their time to protect me when I'm going to turn myself in. I let out a huff and walked to the door.
"I'm going to take a walk to clear my head," I mumble to them. Titus lets out a grunt and I walk out. I let out a sigh of relief that he didn't send anyone to come with me. I walk outside and into the forest. His peering red eyes stared straight at me.
"I'm surprised that you didn't tackle me to the ground and asked me if I was followed," I say to him. He let out a deep chuckle and came out of the shadows.
"You just walked into the invisibility cloak. No one can hear you or see you or help you in here, but we were ordered to not lay a hand on you until midnight, Thursday," he said with a devilish grin. 4 hours.
"We?" I ask.
"Delphine's somewhere around here just in case you tried anything," he says. I roll my eyes and back away from him.
"Say your last goodbyes, Luna," he sneers. "At midnight, you will block any contact with your pack and you'll come right back here and that'll be the last time you'll see your pack," he said walking in circles around me.
"You're not as scared as I thought you would be," he lets out a small chuckle. To be honest, I was fucking scared but I had to hide it. "I want you to tremble in fear."
A sharp pain went through my head and I grabbed my head and fell to my knees. I let out a muffled scream and Delphine came out of the trees.
"Delphine we were ordered not to hurt her," Joshua growled at her. She rolled her eyes and let her hands fall. The pain in my head released and my hands fell to the ground.
"You have roughly about 4 hours so go," he growls and I pick myself off the dirt and walk through whatever spell they put around us. I looked back at where we were standing and they were gone.
"Charlotte?" I call her through the link.
"Yes, Luna Sophia?" She answers back.
"Bring Tala back to our house I'll put her to sleep," I tell her.
"Yes Luna," she said. I walked back to Titus' office and saw them still working on the map.
"I'm going to go to sleep," I tell him. He gives me a nod. He pulls himself away from the deck and hugs me.
"Goodnight angel," he whispers and kisses me on my forehead.
"Take a break for a few hours," I mumble. "Go to sleep and get some rest." He nods and looks back at his desk.
"Give me a few more minutes and I promise I'll be back before you fall asleep," he whispers. I nod and make my way to our house. I see Tala waiting on the couch and she runs into my arms.
"Thank you for watching her," I told Charlotte. She nods and leaves. "Have you gotten ready for bed?" She gives me a smile and a nod. We sit down on the bed and I turn the lamp on.
"Remember I love you," I whisper to her. "And no matter what happens, you have to remember that I'll always love you."
She nods and I plant a kiss on her forehead and let her fall asleep. I got ready for bed. I lay down getting ready to turn the lamp off but Titus walks in.
"Hi," he whispers as he lays down next to me. "You can sleep now." He turns off the lamp and I get my last few hours of good sleep.
Titus' POV
I watch her fall asleep and I sit up and go take a quick shower. It was about 3 hours to midnight and I needed sleep. I've been working with Brody and Jacob on a way to protect Sophia.
Tomorrow is Thursday and we're prepared for anything. All our warriors are stationed all around the pack and border.
I let out a sigh of contentment as I lay down on our bed. Tala's light snores mixed with Sophia's heavy breathing let me know they were both asleep.
I tried and force myself to stay awake a bit longer but I couldn't. I had been sleep-deprived for 2 days already.

I woke up to Tala's crying. I looked outside and it was dark outside.
"What's wrong?" I ask her. She muffled her sniffing in the blanket.
"Mo-momma left," she says. I looked over to her side and Sophia was missing. Her scent was fresh but she was no longer in the house. I looked at the time and it was 12:02.
"Charlotte come watch Tala for a bit. She's in the room," I order. "Stay here Tala Charlotte will come watch you for a little bit." She nods and I take off.
I follow her scent out of the house and into the woods. I entered the forest and saw Sophia being held by a rouge. I let out a growl and tried to run and attack him but my feet couldn't move.
Vines grew out of the forest grown trapping me in my position. The vines grew up my legs and forced me to fall to my knees. It wrapped around my arms and chest.
A lady came out of the forest holding her hands out at me as the vines continued to constrict me. I struggled against them to try and get out but they were too tight. The lady started chanting and her eyes began to glow a bright blue. A witch.
"Aw how cute the big bad Alpha is kneeling before us," the rouge laughed. Sophia wasn't struggling. She stood there being held with silver ropes.
"Let her go," I growl. I heard one of the vines snap under my struggle and witch closed her fists and the vines stuck to my body like glue.
"Say goodbye Alpha this will be the last time you see your mate," he laughed. He dragged Sophia back a bit and a ring of fire grew around them as the witch continued to chant.
"Sophia," I growled. She had sorrow written across her face.
"I'm sorry," she whispered and they disappeared in a flash. The vines around me dropped and the ring of fire died down.
She was gone.
73
Titus' POV
"Fuck," I roared. The birds flew out of the trees as they shook from my outburst. My vision was blinded by my fury. My breathing became heavy.
I lost her. I should have been more attentive. I was too busy focusing on protecting her I didn't check up on her.
"Damn it," I yell smashing my fist into a tree. She's gone. I couldn't feel anything through our link. It was silent. No feeling no thoughts no communication.
"What the hell happened? Why are you screaming?" Jacob asks through our link. A low rumble emits from my chest as I go back to our house.
"They took her. She gave herself over to them and I was helpless. I couldn't fucking do anything. The bitch witch is strong," I growl. "I lost her and I don't know what to fucking do."
"Go through her stuff maybe she left clues or something," Brody said butting in the conversation. I go upstairs and see Charlotte holding a sleeping Tala.
"Bring her to Sophia's old room," I order she nods and carefully carries Tala to the room making sure she doesn't wake her up. I tear open the closet looking for places she could leave anything.
I open my bedside drawer and it's empty. I go over to Sophia's side. I pull open her drawer and see a pile of envelopes. Each one had a name on it. I see my name and rip it open.
Titus,
I know you're freaking out and raging but I need you to calm down and focus on what you're about to read. I gave myself to them willingly. I can't let you and everyone go through the torture I went through. I've been through it but it'll be worse if you went through it because you're not immune to silver and wolfsbane. You need to find me. Go to my old pack and bring your best trackers and warriors. From the edge of the southwest border of Blue Crescent run 27 miles straight. You'll find a clearing of trees. It'll be bigger than a natural clearing of trees. You won't smell anything but you need to walk through the spell. It's an invisibility spell. When you first cross there'll be no guards at the border but a lot of traps. You need trackers for that. There will be a big building in the middle, the "pack house". There will be 7 entrances leading underground. I'll be in one of them. You need to bring your wolf forward to find me. Two guards will be guarding my prison. Kill them quickly so they don't have time to link anyone. Be careful as you come down. The witch Delphine will set up traps. There are no bars in my prison. You won't like what you see when you find me but you need to stay calm. If you save me, prepare for war.
Love,
Sophia
Brody and Jacob came into my room while I was reading my letter. They had found theirs and were reading them. There was one to her family, Tala everyone. Had she been doing this while I was busy?
"We need to get her now," Jacob says. "I've contacted Nikolai, Seth, and Nate."
"We need to leave now," Brody said throwing his letter onto the bed. He looked furious. Brody is an outgoing guy and I haven't seen him this mad ever.
"There better not be a scratch on her when I arrive," I growl as I storm out of our room. Blue Crescent is 40 minutes away in wolf form so we needed to leave now.
I took out my phone and dialed Terry's number. I don't know why I have that bastard's number but I need to get permission to enter his pack.
"Do you need anything, Alpha Titus?" His annoying voice asked through the phone.
"I need to cross through your pack borders. We won't be much of a hassle," I respond meekly. The three warriors Jacob called came through the front door.
"You're not invited to Blue Crescent," he growls through the phone. I let out a growl at him.
"Well unless you want Sophia to get hurt further I recommend you let us in your pack," I threaten. Brody and Jacob walked out of our room.
"What the hell happened to her," he said. His voice softened at the worry for her.
"I guess you won't find out since we can't cross the pack border," I growl.
"Fine but I want you to explain everything to me once you enter my pack." His voice regained his harshness from before before hanging up.
"We leave now," I order. Nikolai, Seth, and Nate nodded. Nikolai was one of the best warriors we have. Seth and Nate were natural-born trackers, the best.
"Listen to my every order. We do this swiftly and get out quickly," I explain. "They are strong so do not underestimate anyone. Remember what I teach in training."
"Stay close and move quick," I order walk outside, and shift into my wolf. I wanted rage on everyone and everything in my way but Sophia is my priority.
My wolf was on edge and furious. Everyone shifted into their wolf and I took off. Throughout the whole run, all I could think about was Sophia. What if she was hurt? What if it was worse?
My wolf was angered by all my thoughts. He was angry that he couldn't sense Sophia.
I felt my wolf enter Blue Crescent and everyone else followed behind. I didn't have time to talk to Terry, my only focus was Sophia. The mutt can challenge me later if he'd like but I'll always put Sophia before anything.
I ran through the pack and to the southwest border.
"27 miles southwest straight then we find the traps Sophia talked about," I told everyone through the link. Their wolves nod and I take off. I heard a howl from their pack house but I had already passed the border again.
My wolf wasn't exhausted at all. He was filled with adrenaline. We ran fast and swiftly, dodging trees quickly and not stumbling.
"That's a huge ass clearing," Jacob says as we approached it. We were here. "I Don't smell anything." Jacob's wolf lifted his nose in the air to try to catch a scent.
"You won't smell anything the witch hid their scent. Shift back and find clothes quickly," I order. I found clothes fast and threw them on. We stood in front of the clearing and I held my hand out.
It touched something that wasn't there. The air in front of me seemed to ripple at my touch like water would.
"What the hell was that," Brody asked.

Sophia's POV
I watched Titus being held down. I wish I could've done something to help him but I couldn't let them hurt him further.
"Leave him don't hurt him further or I won't let you take me this easily," I growl. Josh sighed and gave Delphine a look. She sighed and a circle of fire surrounded us.
Titus has hurt and anger in his eyes. He looked lost and confused. I could see the reflection of the flame in his beautiful eyes I got lost in.
Delphine started to chant louder and suddenly I wasn't in the forest watching Titus anymore. I was in the prison I was held in. My throat closed up as I saw two hooks on the wall with chains hanging from them.
"Tie her up to the wall," Josh ordered. He pushed me onto the ground and my hand went to my stomach instinctively. Two unrecognizable rogues grabbed my arms. I gasped for my breath as I got closer to the wall.
Flashbacks and memories flooded my memories as I got closer. I let out a scream and pulled my arms out of the rouges' hold and punched one of their faces and kneed the other one where the sun didn't shine. The other guard rouges. Came up to me and shoved me up onto the wall. The silver cuffs wrapped around my wrists.
"Let me out," I screamed at the top of my lungs. I heard scraping on the wall of the stairway that leads to my prison.
"Well Sophia," Adrian's voice chuckled. "No one can hear you screaming. You're trapped here with me forever." He turns the corner and I see a knife in his hand.
"You'll stay here and become my mate and rule the rouge kingdom with me," he smiles.
"Good luck trying to mark me with another male's mark on me," I snarl. He chuckles and walks right up to my face and pokes the knife into my throat.
"Well, Sophia, the only way to get rid of a male's mark is for the male to die. So the way you saw Titus before Delphine teleported you here is the last thing you'll remember him for. Kneeling for Josh, the beta of the rouge kingdom," he laughs. I struggled against the chains and tried to kick my way out of them but the knife was so close to puncturing skin.
"You won't lay a hand on him. Do not bring my mate into this," I yell into his face. He laughs and releases the life from my neck.
"I won't lay a hand on him but I will get someone to kill him," he smirks. I move forward shoving my face into his and growling. My wolf was coming to the surface. I felt my eyes glow and my canines grow.
"Watch you temper mutt," he growled. He slashed the knife on my arm and my wolf let out a whimper. The silver doesn't affect my human form but it does to my wolf. She retreats and I hang back on the wall.
"You will learn to respect me and treat me with respect."
74
Sophia's POV
Blood was dripping down from my body and onto the ground. My wolf was weak. They kept objecting to me with silver and wolfsbane nonstop. They laced my wounds with silver so they wouldn't heal.
I had no strength to stand back up on the wall. They've hit everywhere except my stomach. My arms had lost so much blood in them from being hung up so long.
I haven't even been here for an hour and I already feel worn out. My clothes were torn and soaked with my blood. My wolf was tired and trying to heal. I tried linking Titus but it was blocked. I hope he found my letter. It explains to him how to find me.
"I guess you've had a long enough break," Adrian's voice boomed from the stairwell. It's been 7 minutes. There was a table of weapons in the corner of the room. He picked up a gun and a few silver bullets.
"Let's play a game," he says. "These bullets are the darts and you're the dartboard."
He points the gun at me and shoots. The bullets hit my arm and I let out a scream. He lets out a chuckle and picks up a small silver dagger.
"That bullet went deep into your arm," he grins. "Let's see if we can get it out of you." He digs the dagger into my skin and I let out another scream. He dug around in my flesh in search of the silver bullet. The silver of the knife stung. It didn't use to hurt this much but the silver felt stronger.
"Hurts more doesn't it," he laughs.
"Concentrated silver. It burns more than 10 times more for regular werewolves. But for you," he says taking the dagger out of my arm on pushing it onto my neck.
"It will hurt like it would to a regular werewolf." He dug it back into my arm and I felt him hit something. I wince as he pulls the bullet out.
"Found it," he smiles. He throws it to the ground and sets the gun back on the table. "I sent Delphine on a little trip to find your mate. She'll be back soon then she can start her tests."
"No," I scream. "If anyone dares lay a hand on him, I swear I'm going to kill all of you when I get out of these goddamn chains." I start to thrash around and try to pull the chains from the wall.
"Respect," he shouts at me. "I told you you have to show respect towards me that means not you don't raise your voice at me."
He lets out a growl and storms back up the stairs. I go limp and let myself hang there. I tried my best to hide my sobs but I couldn't.
I heard the door swing open again I thought Adrian was coming back again. I cursed silently in my head and muffled my cries.
I heard an arrow go off. One of Delphine's traps. It was probably a rouge that wandered in here.
"Sophia?" I heard. I looked up and heard quick footsteps. I saw Jacob come across the corner.
"You can't be he-here. They'll get you," I start to stutter. He shakes his head and looks at me. He looked shocked. He reached for the chins but I quickly kicked him back.
"Don't touch them. It's concentrated silver," I told him.
"Fuck how did they get that shit," he grumbled. "How do I get you put then."
"If you break me out of hear you are calling war onto our pack," I said. He shook his head and picked up an axe.
"I'll risk my life for yours any day," he says. He swung the axe at my chain and my right arm fell limp and onto the ground. He hit the other chain and my whole body fell.
"Where's Titus?" I asked.
"You don't want to see him like this. He went crazy on the rouges. We need to get you out of here and fast. He'll be okay." He wasn't going to be okay he had no idea how what he was getting himself into.
"Delphine is after him. She's going to kill Titus," I cry. "He's not safe."
"Y-you have to listen to me right? Because I'm Luna," I ask. He nods slowly and I let out a huff.
"You grab everyone you brought and get Titus out of here. If you want someone to stay with me fine but only one person but I want you to get Titus the hell away from here," I order. I could see Jacob trying to defy my orders. He let out a grunt.
"I'm sending Nikolai to get you back and I'll get Titus out of here," he said. I let out a sigh of relief and nodded. I heard more footsteps but Jacob didn't look worried. Nikolai rounded the corner and looked at me with pity.
"Get her to the pack hospital and make sure Doctor Jenny works on her no one else," Jacob orders. Nikolai nods and helps me up.
"You don't look too good," he says giving a light chuckle while helping me climb the stairs. We get to the top and Nikolai scouts the area. I heard gunshots in the distance and a roar.
"Jacob I swear if you don't go now I'll kill you," I growl at him. His eyes widened and he took off. All the guards were gone. Several were dead around my prison. I guess they were all focused on killing Titus. We started walking to the border then Nikolai stopped.
"There's a tripwire right there," he points. He takes a stick and pokes at it. A net fell down that reeked of wolfsbane. We reached the border but then I heard a large roar.
I pushed away from Nikolai and dashed through the forest. I heard him calling for me but I didn't listen. I wanted to get to Titus. I peeked behind a tree and saw Delphine pinning Titus down with vines just like when they took me.
She let out a giggle and took a knife from Adrian's hands. She walked up to him swinging it on her hand.
"No," I roar as I run up to Titus. A wave of power coursed through me and everyone was pushed back. I picked up the knife that she had dropped and Titus fell out of the hold of the vines.
He looked terrible. There was blood everywhere and he looked more wolf than human. It's like his wolf took over his body and he can't reel him back in.
"Who the hell do you think you are," Delphine snaps as she picks herself off of the ground. I let out a growl and threw the knife at her arm. She let out a shriek as it stuck into her arm.
"I told you if I got out of these chains I'll kill all of you for hurtling him," I growl at Adrian. He lets out a small laugh as he wipes the dirt off of him.
"How Sophia? You can't shift the only thing protecting you is Titus and he was easily held by Delphine." As he was saying this, hundreds of rouges came out looking ready for war. Their scent was terrible.
"Well you'll have to fight us then," Titus choked out. He was fighting with his wolf for his power back. I looked behind and saw hundreds of our warriors.
"You're playing on our land Alpha. We make the rules and we know this place like the back of our hands," he says. He pulls out a syringe from his pocket and holds it up.
"Let's play a game. In this syringe, there is enough silver to kill a back of 357 werewolves. Also, enough silver to kill Sophia. I've realized that I don't want her to be Luna of this pack. It'll only cause me trouble. So, whoever kills Sophia will get a reward."
Our pack stood behind Titus and me as their pack of rouges stood behind Adrian and Josh. He smiles and throws the syringe into the air.
"Go."
75
Sophia's POV
Rouges jumped into the air fighting for the syringe. Our warriors charged and it was chaos. Titus ran up to me and wrapped me in his arms.
"You're going back with Nikolai like you were supposed to," he orders. I shake my head in disagreement.
"They're going to kill you. You need to get out of here," he growled.
"And if I leave they're going to kill you. What the hell do you think I'm going to do in a pack hospital healing? The moon goddess said I have to bring peace to our world while she can't and I can't do that in a pack hospital," I fight back.
"When did you talk to the moon goddess?" He questions. Shit, I forgot to tell him.
"That's not the problem right now. If I leave they'll kill you," I said. He shook his head and there were roars. There were pains in my chest from all the warriors going down for me.
"I can feel them," I whisper to him while clutching my chest. Someone had a syringe but I didn't know who.
"You need to leave. If you die I don't know what I would do without you, Sophia. Just please leave," he said. That made me furious. No rouges were around us right now. Our warriors were fighting them off well.
"And what if you die huh? What would I do? I'm pregnant Titus and I don't need our baby to grow up without you. We stay out here together because this is our pack and we protect our pack. We fight together." He takes a minute to process it and nods.
I turn my head and see a rouge in the air. He had the syringe in his hand. I swiftly and easily move out of the way grab his neck in the air and snap it. The syringe flew out of the air and I ran to go get it then something wrapped around my legs.
"Where the hell do you think you're going?" Delphine asks. The vines snaked up my body. Thorns dug themself into my body. Another rouge had gotten to the syringe.
I struggled against the vines but it caused more pain. I let out a whimper at it coiled around my mouth. Titus attacked Delphine then I heard a loud crack. He let out a loud roar as he began to shift. Delphine's chanting became louder as she made him forcefully shift. My scream was muffled. I didn't know what to focus on the fact that I was about to be killed or that Titus was.
The rogue approached me with a grin. He lifted his arm ready to kill me. I saw everyone rushing to protect their Luna and Alpha. I was going to die. Trapped, away from Titus, watching him die, while I was pregnant with my baby.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't have enough time to bring you into this world. I'm sorry you never got to live a life where we lived a normal life. I'm sorry I failed you. I couldn't be the mom you needed. I couldn't even give birth to you. What a failure I am.
I closed my eyes, ready for the injection then I heard more cracking of bones. I opened my eyes quickly thinking it was Titus. I saw the rouge's hand in a deformed shape. He dropped the syringe and gasped in pain. I looked over and saw Titus catching his breath. The vines had been uncurled from my body and dropped to the ground.
I looked at Delphine and saw Elizabeth injecting something into her. Delphine's eyes stopped glowing and she backed away from Elizabeth.
"What the hell did you do," she said rubbing the injection wound. Elizabeth chuckled and dropped the syringe to the ground. Delphine lifted her hands up at Elizabeth and she just kept smiling.
"The fun thing about witch hazel is that your powers are temporarily stabilized," she giggles. She lifted her hands up and said a quick spell and Delphine's eyes rolled to the back of her head and she dropped to the ground. I looked back at the ground and saw the syringe was gone.
"Fuck," I shout. "It's gone again."
All this time fighting and talking, our warriors were dead on the field. There were still hundreds of rouges left. Adrian stood in the back watching everything unfold.
"I'm going to kill that son of a bitch," I growl. Shouts and orders flew in the air as I ran past the fight and straight to Adrian. He kept a grin on my face as a rouge shifted in the air and pounced on me.
I let out a cough as my back hit a tree. My arm went to my stomach protectively and held the rouge's neck with my other hand. His canines snapped at my head and his claws scraped my body.
"Get away from me you nasty mutt," I scream. I push myself up off the tree and pin him up against the tree. He bit my arm and a scream flew out of my mouth. I took my other arm and pushed his head until I heard a crack. I let out a sigh and caught my breath as he fell limp in my grip. I drop him and see two more rouges after me.
I ran towards Aiden and pounced at him. He grabbed me by my neck and slammed me into another tree. I gasped for a bath as he lifted me higher.
"You bitch," I spit at him. I thrashed around and kicked at him while he just laughed.
"Get away from her you bastard." I see Brody let out a growl as he pounced at Aiden. He looked shocked as his jaws clamped onto his torso. I drop to the ground and gasp for air.
The pain in my chest grew. The warriors were falling. I let out a sob as I got up. I look around for that syringe that could be used to kill me.
I saw a rouge approaching Titus with a syringe in his hand from behind him. I let out a scream as I ran again.
Titus' POV
I snap the rouge's neck as they keep attacking me. If I shift, my wolf will have no control. He'll just start killing everything not just enemies. I heard Sophia let out a scream and start running. I look behind me and see a rouge lighting his arm up at me, with the syringe in his hand.
"Stop." Sophia moves in front of me letting out a scream. The syringe stuck in her neck and injected her.
A wave of power courses through her body and onto the field. I was blown away from her and so was the rouge. Everyone on the field was blown back and onto the ground. Elizabeth let out a scream and all the rouges had blood falling from their eyes and ears.
Then Sophia fell to the ground.
76
Titus' POV
Everyone was dead. Rouges lay on the field with blood pooling at their head from their eyes. Brody snapped at Adrian's now-dead wolf and tore his neck out. Josh lay dead next to Jacob's wolf. The pain of our dying warriors settled down in my chest.
I ran to Sophia and turned her around so that she was on her back.
"Come on Sophia you cant die," I whisper to her. I felt the pain that went through her body course through mine. It was absolute torture. What I felt was only a fragment of what she felt.
"Titus she's still alive but not for long. The wave of energy knocked the rouge back before he could inject everything in but you need to close your link if you're going to help her," Elizabeth said kneeling down next to us.
"You won't be able to tell where she's hurting," I spit out. It grew worse. It was spreading everywhere.
"I know where she's hurting. Silver spread through blood fast so right now I need you to stop being so arrogant and listen to me," she raises her voice at the last part. I let out a growl and she waved her hand and a sharp pang went through my head.
"You may be Alpha but you have no idea how to help Sophia right now so you need to listen to me. Close your link so I can pull enough silver out of her body so she can survive." Survive that means she could die. A pain washed over me that was self-induced. If she dies I'll be alone again. I love her too much to lose her. I'm supposed to die first. Sophia will know what to do if I die. But I don't. She would keep on living but I would be alive but dead inside.
I force myself to close my link. The pain faded from my body slowly until I couldn't feel her pain anymore. I looked up at Elizabeth and gave her a nod.
She nodded, held her hands in front of the injection wound, and chanted something. Her eyes began to glow as her hands started to shake. I took this moment to notice how terrible the shape Sophia was in. Cuts lined her arms and legs and strangled marks around her neck. Her clothes were in pieces and other marks had already been healed.
My wolf wanted revenge but everyone was already dead. My head began to ache as he forced himself out of me. I let out a growl as I pushed him back into my mind.
"Sophia is dying and I swear if you don't pull yourself together I'll never let you out again," I growl at him. He lets out a snarl and goes back into my mind.
Liquid began to pour out of Sophia. The silver was mixed in with her blood. Elizabeth's hands dropped and her eyes stopped glowing. All the surviving warriors had surrounded us. Brody and Jacob, we're ordering them around.
Sophia's injection wound closed up. Her breathing was still shallow. I placed my hand on her neck and felt her faint hard-working, trying to keep her alive.
"You need to get her to your pack hospital now. Tell your doctor to pump her with fluids and keep her asleep. I'll catch up to you but you need to leave now," she orders. My wolf's pride was taken down a notch as we followed her orders.
"Shift and I'll secure her to you," she orders again. I stifled a growl from my wolf as I shifted. My bones cracked to form a new form. She carried Sophia onto my back and I felt a pressure around my body.
"She won't fall off but you need to leave now," Elizabeth said. I nodded and signaled for Brody's to Jacob to follow me.
"Nikolai make sure you get everyone back safely," I ordered as I started running towards the border of their "pack lands."
"Yes Alpha," he responds. I easily and swiftly dodge the traps and make it out of the barrier. I couldn't focus on anything but getting Sophia back safely. I would have to pass through Terry's land in order to shave a few minutes off the time.
We crossed the borders and I instantly heard shouting. Border control was on our tail but was too slow compared to Alpha. I saw a familiar wolf, James' wolf. He ran beside us in the forest then exerted himself and used his energy and sped up. He slowly merged in front of us and turned around.
"Jacob," I order. I felt a breeze go by as Jacob leaped into the air. James jumped up into the air and I ran underneath him. I looked back and Jacob had pounded James back on the ground. A gamma beating a beta. That's how I train them.
He pulled away from the fight and came back to Brody and I saw the other edge of the border where Terry stood with warriors.
"How the hell are we going to pass them," Brody growled.
"Just follow my lead," I replied. As we got closer, Terry's wolf dug its feet into the ground. As they charged at us, I diverted right and they chased us. As they turned away from the border I turned a sharp left and quickly got past their border.
I heard them let out a roar as we ran deeper into the forest. My legs weren't tired even though they should have been. I saw our pack border near.
"Doctor Jenny you need to bring out a stretcher for Sophia and three pairs of shorts. I need you outside in 4 minutes," I tell her.
"Yes Alpha," she responded. We near the pack hospital and I lay down on the ground and let Sophia roll off slowly. I caught my breath and stuck my ear near her nose. She was still alive.
Doctor Jenny ran outside and threw the clothes on the ground carried Sophia on the stretcher quickly. I shift back and pull the shorts on quickly.
"She's about to die. You need to pump fluids into her to wash out the silver in her body," I tell her.
"Elizabeth is already here she already told me what to do but I think one of you border control found someone," she told me. I nod and let her take Sophia.
"Stay with her I'm going to check who tried to trespass," I told Brody. "And Jacob go check on Tala." They both nod and I take off in a sprint to the dungeons.
"Alpha Doctor Jones came back while you were gone," one of the warriors informed me. I nod and walk to the end of the hallway.
"Alpha," she gasped as she ran and grabbed onto the bars. I broke the cell door and grabbed her by her neck and pinned her on the wall.
"Why the hell are you here," I growl at her. She let out a raspy breath as I held her tighter.
"I'm sorry Alpha. I shouldn't have betrayed you. I know how to defeat them," she gasps.
"Too late," I snarl. I break her neck in a swift motion and let her body fall to the ground. I walked out of the cell and passed the guards.
"Titus you're supposed to tell the elders before you kill a pack member," Mason said coming down to the dungeons. I let out a scoff and walked past him.
"Endangering the Luna, attempt murder of the Luna, traitor do I need to go on, or is attempting to murder the Luna not enough." He stayed silent and I continued walking out. "Now if you'll excuse me I have to see if Sophia is okay."
77
Titus' POV
I watched the food sit on the floor as I tried not to sleep. The bags under my eyes were very visible as I sat next to Sophia's bed. The sun barely peaked over the tree line. 6 days she's been out. She's healthy and so is the baby but we stopped giving her sedatives 2 days ago. She was moved back here our room woke up.
Elizabeth said she should have been waking up yesterday. Yesterday was 24 hours ago. I get up from my chair and grab the tray of cold food. I walked up to the balcony and threw it on the ground.
What's the point of eating when I can't do it with Sophia? What's the point of sleeping when I can't do it with Sophia? What's the point of living when I can't do it with Sophia?
I go back and pull my seat up to Sophia's side of the bed and hold her hand. I hated how sickly she looked. The silver had mostly passed through her body. Enough to kill a regular wolf was still in her body but it would pass eventually.
I tear slid down my cheek as I sat and watched. Waiting every second for her to grip onto my hand or for her fingers to twitch.
"You can't leave me yet Sophia. I'm so lost right now without you," I start to whisper to her. "You make my life so much better than it should have been. I never thought I could love someone so much until I met you. Just please wake up."
I let out a sniff as there was a knock on the door and I opened it. I quickly wipe my tears and look at the door. Elizabeth leaned on the door frame and just stared.
"Your mom is worried about you. Especially after you just threw your dinner out the balcony," she said casually. She didn't seem to care that Sophia wasn't waking up. No one did only me. Why only me?
"Tell her I'm fine and lock the door on the way out," I told her and went back to looking at Sophia.
"I'm a witch I can still get in," she points out to me. I shake my head and sigh.
"But all the non-witches in this house can't so please leave," I grumble getting a little bit irritated.
"She loves you you know. She has trouble expressing her feelings," she said. I merely nodded and didn't give Elizabeth a second glance. I heard the door lightly shut and heard her lock it with her powers.
"Baby please just come back to me," I whisper to her as I lay my forehead on our bed.
"Bottle up your emotions," my dad's voice rang in my head. I let out a scoff as I look at Sophia. This girl could tell me to spill my guts onto the floor and I would do it. She is my world.
Sophia's POV
I don't remember how long I've been seeing black, but it feels like days. I couldn't hear anything or feel anything. It was like the only sense I had left was my sight and all I saw was darkness.
I felt isolated and alone. I wanted to scream. I felt trapped in my own body and my own thoughts. Is Titus okay? Is he still alive? Am I even alive?
I kept trying to move. Trying to wake up, but it was no use. I started to hear a loud ringing in my ear then everything was silent again. I heard soft sobs. My sense of touch started to come back. It felt like when someone's foot fell asleep and it's just now waking up.
"Don't leave me, Sophia," I heard. It was like an echo in my head. I know it was Titus. I could feel the way our bodies sparked as he held my hand.
I wanted to scream to tell him I was there. To tell him I won't leave him and that I'll stay right next to him until we're gray and old for hundreds of years.
I didn't want him to cry. I've never seen him cry in the few months I've known him. I felt like I'd known him for my whole life. The greatest thing that has happened in my life is Terry rejecting me and meeting Titus.
I wanted to wake up and have him hold me in his arms. To finish the family we started and lived happily together with the pack. I didn't want to leave him in this world. I don't want him to grow depressed and live without me.
I want to be with him for the rest of my life. I don't want to live the rest of my life with anyone else. He is my world. He is the reason I choose to live. He is the reason I know what Love is now.
I started to see a light peek through the darkness I had just gotten used to. It was a small light at first but then it got brighter. This is it I'll never get my happy ending.
The light had consumed the darkness and I saw faint shapes but everything was mostly blurry. Am I dead? Was this it? Everything started to become clear like a camera focusing on something.
I had full movement of my body. I could move my fingertips and mouth. I let out a small noise as a pain rushed through my body. There was a ceiling, I was in Titus's room. I felt a weight on my left arm. I turn my head slightly and see Titus sleeping on my arm.
He had dark eye bags under his eyes. What about the war? Did we win? Did anyone die? Is my baby okay? I look down and see the small bump still growing.
I took my free hand and sort of nudged Titus. He let out a noise and shifted against my arm. I started to poke him again making sure to not make any sudden movements.
"I swear Elizabeth this better be good," he growls. His eyes widen as he meets mine. I give him a little smile as he smashes his lips into mine. His hands held onto my face and his elbow slightly pressed into my chest.
"Ow," I whimpered as the pain got worse. He backed away with tears in his eyes. He caresses my cheek and stares at me.
"What did I miss?" I ask him. He states silently for a few moments and smiles.
"You saved me. You've been out for 6 days. You created this wave and knocked everyone back and Elizabeth killed them all. Our baby is still alive and I love you," he finishes. I give him a slight smile. "Your wolf is trying to heal you but she's still wearing. You still have bruises on your body."
"Aria," I say out of the blue. He looked at me weirdly then I repeated, "Aria, I want to name our child Aria." His eyes glimmered and he nodded.
"That's a beautiful name," he whispers. He presses his forehead to mine.
"I love you," I whisper.
"I love you too."
78
A few years later
Sophia's POV
I jumped into the ring letting my bare feet rub into the dirt. I tie my hair back into a ponytail then take it back down knowing it'll snap when I shift.
"Why isn't Aria here today," Brody called from the other side. I rolled my eyes and shifted my weight from side to side.
"Yeah, I'll let my 5-year-old watch me get bloody and fight," I let out a scoff and rolled my eyes with a slight smile.
"Yeah I've been waiting for this rematch for 5 years you better put up a good fight," he taunts. I laugh and push my hair out of my face. "Wait then why is Tala here she's only 9."
I look behind me and see Tala hiding behind a tree watching us closely. Her eyes widen as I make eye contact with her.
"Titus I thought you left her with Charlotte," I told him. He looked just as surprised as I did.
"I thought you left her with Charlotte," he said pointing at me. Jacob let out a laugh and I jumped out of the training ground and walked over to Tala.
"I wanted to watch," she pouted. I roll my eyes shake my head and pick her up.
"You can't watch this or you may get nightmares. Remember how you had nightmares when you saw Jacob coming back from training?" Her eyes widened and I stifled a chuckle.
"So do you want to go back to Charlotte now?" I ask her. She quickly nodded and I gave her a small smile. I see Charlotte walking towards the training ground holding Aria in her arms.
I set Tala down and she runs over to Charlotte and latches onto her arm. I give her a smile and walk over to them.
"Thank you so much for watching them," I thank her. Aria was sound asleep on her shoulder.
"It's no problem but I think we should leave so you can get started," she said. I nodded and thanked her again then she left. I jumped back in the dirt.
The warriors gathered back around the training ground and let out a cheer.
"Alright, today we're hosting a rematch between Beta Brody and Luna Sophia. Watch their technique and form. You could be going against them in training tomorrow," Titus announces. I crack my knuckles and plant my feet on the ground.
"I'll be the referee of this rematch. Shift only when I say," he says standing on the side so he could see everything. I saw Brody standing with a smirk on his face.
"3..2..1..Go."
He immediately charges at me making the first move. I sidestep him but he follows my actions and gives a blow to my stomach. I slide on the dirt and catch my breath again. He kneed my chest as I tried to stand up. I grab his leg and kick him in his side. He quickly caught my leg and pinned me down on my back.
He swung his fist at my face and I just barely caused his fist in time. The impact caused my fist to hit mine. I let out a groan as he sent another blow to my side. I ran under him flipped him off my back and landed on him.
He lifted his legs and I flew over his head and onto the ground. He holds me by my neck and holds it to the ground.
"Shift," Titus says. I let out a playful growl and my wolf was eager to shift. She was ready to attack. She was the first to shift and I sat back and let her have control. 
She latched onto his leg with her jaw the second she turned around. He let out a growl and tried to snap at her neck. She used her body and slammed it into his.
He kicked her off of him and she stumbled back but quickly balanced herself but he he was already at her again. She let out a growl as he jumped into the air. She followed his movements and jumped into the air.
She snapped her jaw trying to get a bite in but she let out a yelp as his canines sank into her side. She felt the blood drip down her coat she fell onto the ground.
She slid back onto the ground until she hit a tree. She let out another yelp as he pounced on her and pushed on my neck.
"Come on Sophia I know you can do better," Brody said through our link. I felt my anger being built up. He let out a wolf laugh. My breathing became short.
I let out a large growl as a wave of power courses through my body and out at Brody. He flew back into the opening. I picked myself up and sprinted towards him.
I sank my canines into his side as payback pushed my paw into his neck and let out a growl. I exerted my power and pushed harder into his neck as he tried to resist.
He finally gave up and submitted to my wolf. She let out a sigh and her legs gave way. She flopped onto the ground as Brody let out a grumble as he shifted back.
She caught her breath on the ground as she could feel the dirt get stuck in her bloody coat. Titus walked over put on her head and threw us some clothes.
I grabbed them in my mouth being careful not to drool on them. I go behind a large tree and shift back to my human form. I put the large T-shirt and shorts on and came out. I felt it sticking to my body from the blood.
"That's unfair she used her powers," said Hike putting his shorts on. I let out a little laugh and wrapped my arm around his neck.
"There was no rule that said I couldn't use my power," I smile. "I think this makes me the true winner."
"Bullshit," he scoffs.
"Watch how you talk to my mate," Titus warms as he wraps his arm around my waist. I see the warriors stare at me with awe.
"Alright, who wants to fight against Sophia tomorrow?" Titus asks the warriors. I see no one raise their hands or speak up. I see one hand in The back and everyone parts to show Nikolai.
"I'll go against the Luna under one request," he says. I nod signaling for him to tell his request.
"You can't use your powers on me," he says. I nod and agree.
"I can't promise you anything because I still don't know how they fully work but I'll try," I promise. He nods.
"Alright training for today is dismissed."
"I want another rematch," Brody grumbles. Titus lets out a laugh and then tells him to follow the warriors into the showers. He nods and jogs after them.
"Aria is asking for you so you better hurry and take a shower go get her," Titus said. I nod and walk with him to our house. I take a quick shower and wash all of the dried blood off of my body. I brush all the dirt and blood out of my hair.
I change into new clothes and rush to Charlotte's place. I knock on the door and hear a faint 'come in.'
I slowly open the door

and see Charlotte and Aria playing with dolls on the floor and Tala sleeping on the couch.
"Mama," she squealed and ran into my arms. I let out a laugh and brushed her hair out of her face.
"Hi sweetie," I smile and kiss her cheek. "Do you know how long sister has been sleeping?"
"She fell asleep before...I...," she said thinking.
"She's been sleeping for around 20 minutes," Charlotte said. I let out a small laugh and thanked her.
"Thank you so much again for watching them. I'm sure they were difficult to keep up with," I told her.
"It's not a problem at all I love watching them. The real question is who won?" She asked letting out a chuckle.
"Her, she used her powers," Brody grumbled from behind me. Charlotte let out a laugh and shook her head. "I had her also but those stupid powers."
"Look I have to go back but I'll come by later today," I said. Aria was starting to fall asleep in my arms and I needed to get her to her bed.
"Alright, I see y'all later," I said. I picked up Tala with my other arm and she continued to sleep in my arms.
I quickly went back home and set them both in their beds. I let out a sigh and flopped onto my own. Titus came out of the shower washed and clothed and climbed into our bed.
"They're both sleeping," I tell him. He nods and suddenly sniffs something.
"What's wrong?" I ask him. After a few seconds of thinking he finally says something.
"When was your last heat?" He asked me.
"Three weeks ago?" I said confused at why he was asking.
He smelled again and his face lit up.
"Angel... you're pregnant," he whispers. I let out a small gasp.
"Really?" I ask in a small voice. He nods slowly and lets out a small squeal.
---
79
Yay
I cannot thank you all enough for reading my book.
All the support I have gotten was beyond anything I could've imagined.
I'm sad that this book has come to an end but I already have ideas for new ones.

The Alpha King's Tribrid Mate
An Abnormality.
That is what Nicolette is. A monster that has to be kept hidden from the world. A witch. A vampire. A werewolf. All in one person. Such power in such a small form.
Nicolette never thought she had a chance of a mate. Her wolf never bugged her about it for 683 years and she never bothered looking. She stays hidden. Never wanting to be found.
The Real Monster.
The Mighty Alpha King. Malcom.
He's never needed a mate to satisfy his needs. So why look for one?
What happens when they stumble upon each other on accident?

Will it be like every love story?
And that's the teaser for The Alpha's Tribrid Mate.