
###chapter 1  Rejection

********
"I reject you, human." Alpha heir Dwayne's public humiliation of his mate Klaire shatters their bond. But when she resurfaces as silver-haired royalty with lethal secrets, he must claw through war, betrayal, and his own pride to reclaim her—before ancient enemies turn her hidden power against all werewolf kind.
********
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Wolf:&quot;Dwayne! Don't you feel her?&quot;
  Leaning against my car, I was struggling to hold my wolf down as he stirred to escape from my control. I tried to push him behind me, but he reacted more resistant.
  Damn it! I couldn't find any other way to solve his over excitement other than chaining up this rutting wolf.
  Wolf:&quot;It's her! There she is!&quot;
  And there she was... I stood there with my eyes wide open, staring at the woman who was making my wolf crazy.
  I could certainly feel that fatal attraction, and the moment I looked up, my eyes are suddenly widened and easily locked on the woman who was driving my wolf crazy.
  The moment our eyes met, tingling sparks crawled down my skin with addictive pleasure.
  Long black hair stuck out of her hoodie and hung down to her waist. Her beautiful blue-gray eyes stared at me with wide-open eyes, as if she was sucking me into her eyes at that moment, making it impossible to take my eyes off her.
  My eyes soon rested on her tantalizing red lips which she nibbled on, while what I wanted more is to bite them myself.
  The sweet smell of her vanilla lingered in my nostrils and I declared that from today onwards vanilla became my favorite smell.
  Mate!
  The word popped out of my mind as I stay staring at her. I grabbed the door of my car harder to keep myself from claiming her. My wolf whimpered in excitement and joy as he stared at our beautiful mate. How can someone look so perfect with hoodies and sneakers! She was hiding her beauty behind her hood trying not to stand out from the crowd.
  I was about to take a step toward her when reality hits me.
  She's a human, but weak humans don't deserve to be my mate.
  That idea itself made me stop my track. A slight growl escaped my throat as I stared at her, a brush of anger started surfacing in my head. I can feel my wolf starting to surface but I blocked him out. I knew he won't do any good once he reveals himself.
  &quot;Come with me.&quot; I knew exactly what I should do with this human being.
  She slightly frowned but I still found it adorable. I could feel my friends staring at us like the other students.
  Wake Up! Dwayne! She is just a human!
  A slight irritation had shown on my face as I watched her having second thought but she finally gave in and started following me at the back of the school.
  Once where alone I had this urge to fight myself from marking her. Her beautiful eyes stared at me with confusion but I can see a glimpse of affection with them.
  I needed to end this now...
  &quot;I Dwayne Carter Reject you human as my mate. I don't need a weakling human as my mate.&quot; I said emotionless as I looked into her eyes. Sadness and pain were written all over them but it changed into a rage in no time. Her tortured look haunted my inner self.
  &quot;What the hell are you doing? Dwayne!&quot;
  My wolf cried as I felt his anger at me for rejecting his/our mate. I can feel something inside me was breaking into pieces and it was discomforting like my soul was being torn into two. A growl escaped from me as I felt my wolf trying to surface so he could mark her and stopped me from rejecting her.
  I felt her touch my arm as it lit a thousand sparks up throughout my body. I found my wolf relaxes in her touch. Once I gained control of my furious wolf I shut him out at the back of my mind. She watched me closely when she was sure I gained control, she let go and I began to miss her touch.
  My eyes soon stopped on her kissable red lips. She was about to speak but I forbade her and the next thing I knew is my lips claimed her. I found myself getting crazy as her warmth send a shiver to my body. I bit her lower lips to ask for entrance she was hesitating at first but she let me. A moan escaped in her mouth as I slid my tongue inside her tasting her sweet mouth. My hand traveled around the hem of her shirt while her hands kept playing with my hair, tugging it harder. I deepened the kiss as I let out a groan. I inhaled her scent and found myself getting even crazier I felt my canines surfacing... MINE! My wolf groans in my head.
  But what happened next caught me off guard. She pushed me away, wiping her lips with the back of her hand as she stared at me with hatred and disgust. My body stiffened as her beautiful eyes looked at me with slight confusion but were now consumed with nothing but pain and anger. I felt my wolf become cold all of a sudden.
  &quot;W-what do you think you're doing!&quot; She hissed, I must be crazy but I found her voice sexy and it was turning me on. But this wasn't the right time to think about that.
  I took a step forward but she stopped me, eyes glaring with pain and hatred. But that is nothing compared to what she said next...
  &quot;I accept your rejection.&quot;
  I stood there frozen as I watch her turn her back on me and at that moment I didn't know that my whole world will crumble into pieces.

###chapter 2  Mate
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I was walking around the campus waiting for Clint to finish whatever business he had around here. And as expected the students keep staring at me because I was distinct from them. I pulled my hood over my head to hide my face just to avoid their piercing gaze. But none of it works because they could smell me even if I was across the field.
  One of the students even tried to dump his drink on me but I was fast enough to avoid it which resulted in getting his shirt soaked with orange liquid.
  &quot;Now look what you've done!&quot; he exclaimed. Now we were getting some attention, the students started crowding at us and I do not like it.
  &quot;Sorry,&quot; I mutter. I just have to escape here as soon as possible. A larger frame is blocking my way, looking at his pissed face makes me even want to get out of here faster. He involves in that orange juice guy's friends. He was around 6 feet tall or taller than that, towering my 5'7 height.
  &quot;Getting somewhere?&quot; he mumbled, I didn't answer instead I turn my back on him, keeping my head down.
  Keep calm... keep calm...
  I was trying to calm myself by keeping my breathing in check.
  &quot;Are you deaf?!&quot; He pulled my right arm harshly making me gasp in pain. He was a werewolf so his strength is far from a normal human being.
  Some of the students around us are enjoying the show, while others are too afraid to become involved.
  I let out a deep breath.
  &quot;Let go of my arm,&quot; I whispered.
  &quot;Did you catch her? She's trying to give me a command.&quot; He and his friends started laughing and the crowd followed.
  &quot;What are you gonna do about it?&quot; He pulled my hood down exposing my bare face. His eyes are glimmering with malice, and that triumphant smile makes me wanna throw up.
  His expression soon turns more wickedly as he examines my face. Making me disgusted just by being near him.
  &quot;You were really pretty. Maybe I can let you be more useful.&quot; He was trying to touch my face but I slap his hand.
  &quot;Don't,&quot; I warned. This time I stared him in the eyes. He was taken aback by my sudden reaction making him lose his balance. But I know too well why...
  They all look surprised about what happened. This is my cue... I pulled my hood back and escape to the crowd who is now too busy asking what just happened. I even heard someone cursing before I escape.
  As I get out of the door an alluring scent of mint and winter welcomes me. I tried to find where the source of that scent from the crowd. And there I found him leaning on his car with his blue-green eyes staring back at me.
  It felt like time stopped and it was just the two of us here his gaze is piercing my soul making my whole body shiver. It was like I was being pulled into an unknown black hole and I cannot escape from him.
  My eyes grow wide when all the realization of what is happening hits me.
  Mate. That thought felt so strange in my head but I don't dislike it.
  I watch him march in my direction and I suddenly feel a lump in my throat. This is just not me! How can someone look perfect without even doing anything? His blond hair gleams as the sunlight hits it. Showing a golden silhouette. My thoughts stop as he stops walking. I heard him growl. His expressive eyes turn cold and I don't like the idea that is popping in my head.
  &quot;Come with me,&quot; he said coldly not letting me even mutter a single word. I stared at him confusedly... I can touch my heart beating so fast. I silently followed him not minding the piercing gaze of the student who wondering what is happening which is I do not even know.
  I was following and he was going in the direction behind the school. Maybe he just wanted to talk privately? Nevertheless, my guts are telling me there is something more to what is about to happen here.
  He stops when we are completely alone far enough from the ears of the other werewolves. He turned around to face me and that coldness in his eyes is telling me this was not the kind of thing that I was expecting. And I was right.
  I stood still as I watched him blow everything in my face.
  &quot;I Dwayne Carter rejects you human as my mate. I don't need a weakling human to be my mate.&quot; His voice kept echoing in my mind as I felt a thousand knives stab me.
  When everything registered in my mind, anger boiled out of my system as I tried to keep myself calm down.
  Breath... You need to calm down.
  I gazed back at his eyes and my eyes grow wide when I felt his wolf surfacing as his blue-green eyes started to turn black. I let myself touch his arms to tame the beast inside him. Sparks of pleasure flowed in my entire body as I felt his skin into mine.
  &quot;Calm down,&quot; I whisper, not so sure if I was saying it to him or myself.
  I took my hand off once I felt his body relax.
  I look away from his gorgeous face as I felt the excitement and pleasure urging inside me not wanting to make a fool of myself. As his voice echoes in my head reminding me that he doesn't want me.
  &quot;I Dwayne Carter Reject you human as my mate. I don't need a weakling human to be my mate&quot; his words echo in my head. My anger surfaced is once more the hint of sadness and pain collided, I open my mouth to say something but what he did next catch me off guard his lips claimed mine. I can feel a thousand sparks running to my whole body and it felt so right Like this is what we were meant to do, to be together.
  I can taste the strong mint in his mouth as he kisses me. He bit my lower lip for entrance and I found myself hesitating. This is wrong! He rejected you! Was all I can hear in my head but my body had its mind and found myself letting him. A moan escapes from my mouth as his tongue slides inside my mouth tasting and devouring me. I trail my hands in his blonde hair while his hands travel on the hem of my shirt his kiss deepens as I heard him groan.
  My eyes shot open when I felt his canines. And found my strength to push him away despite the excitement and pleasure of lust I am feeling right now. I wiped my lips harshly as I gazed at him with confusion but soon turn into a complete hatred. How dare he even tried to mark me when he just rejected me!
  &quot;W-what do you think you're doing!&quot; I manage to say while catching my breath. He was just looking at me in the eye I saw the same pain, sadness, and just reflecting mine as he rejected me. Nonetheless, I flipped the thought away. HE REJECTED YOU!
  I watch him turn stiff as I utter the words that he doesn't seem to expect to hear.
  &quot;I accept your rejection...&quot; I turned my back at him before I fully let myself break in front of him.
  Tears were streaming down my face but I wiped them off just like how I will wipe him off my system.
  Stupid Mate Bond!
  A groan escaped from my mouth as I let my hand brush my hair out of frustration. I didn't know that finding my mate will turn out like this. I smile bitterly as I recall what he called me.
  &quot;I don't need weakling human as my mate.&quot; His words are like stabbed in my soul tearing it apart like a piece of paper. I didn't notice that I was using my ability until someone snaps me out of my building rage of anger.
  &quot;Something happened little sis?&quot; I watch as Clint stared at me with the curiosity of my sudden rage. How I loved to stare at his eyes who have the same color as mine except for his is dominated by gray.
  &quot;I found him.&quot; I tried to mutter. He remains silent wanting me to continue. &quot;And he rejected me.&quot; The last statement turned out to be a whisper.
  His silver-white wolf surface. He looks into my eyes with full anger but turns to sympathy, I brushed it off by touching his soft fur. His outraged I can feel because he was my better half.
  &quot;Calm down my twin brother&quot; I whispered, his eyes soon turning softly as he shifted back to his human form.
  He cupped my cheeks gently with both of his hands and I found myself feeling safe.
  &quot;I will make sure he will regret what he did to you.&quot; I chuckle at my protective brother but soon tears started streaming into my eyes again.
  &quot;You need to let it go by Klaire. I can feel it...&quot; He whispered in my ears, he touched my now silver-white hair with his hand and kissed me on my forehead. My mouth twitches into a weak smile trying to blink away my tears.
  &quot;Let it go.&quot; He assured me. Letting my hand goes. I took a step away from him letting myself sink into the unknown.
  Blue-green eyes haunt me as I close my eyes. Everything went black as I felt my rage fully take over.

###chapter 3  Blue gray eyes
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  It was already a month since I found my mate. And all this fucking month was hell for me. My wolf won't stop crying in pain for losing our mate. The pain is incredibly increasing every time I remember her sweet voice uttering those words.
  I know it was me who rejected her first and it was stupid of me to reject her. I grabbed another glass of beer on the counter and drink it straight. I lose count of how many drinks have I taken since this morning.
  &quot;Get yourself together Dwayne and stop drinking!&quot; I growled at Zion who is my soon to beta once I inherit the alpha title.
  &quot;Shut up and leave me alone!&quot; I took another shot but he stops me. I glared at him but he didn't flinch an inch instead he glared back at me.
  &quot;I know you're a total asshole for rejecting your mate but acting like a total ass won't get her back.&quot; He then let go of my hand.
  &quot;SHUT UP!&quot; I grabbed his neck and growled at him as I felt my wolf wanting to rip his head off.
  &quot;Go ahead kill me, but that won't change the fact that you rejected your mate.&quot; His bark made I me tighten my grip on his neck. He started to turn pale. I know I should let him go but my wolf is really angry and out of his rage. We are tired and hurt to even think straight.
  &quot;STOP THAT DWAYNE! &quot; I cussed when I heard my mother rush to us. I let go of Zion's neck and he stumbled on the floor catching his breath. I could see the red mark left on his neck.
  &quot;What is wrong with you?!&quot; She glared at me but I dismissed her and pulled myself to the bathroom I don't want to hurt her. I heard her sigh and walked closer to the bathroom.
  &quot;I understand how you felt Dwayne, but nothing will change if you're just gonna keep sulking and being wasted. You're a soon-to-be alpha so act like one.&quot; She mutters before I heard her walk out of my room.
  I let out a groan and pulled myself on the floor. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked like a complete wreck! My eyes were bloodshot from crying and drinking. I knew this is stupid of me to even cry after rejecting my mate. I could feel my wolf turn numb and lost for losing our mate and it was all my fault! His pain is nothing to me I felt sorry for him.
  I pulled a towel from the stool of my bathroom and took a warm shower.
  I still couldn't get her out of my head. Her blue-gray eyes kept haunting me every time I close my eyes. I let the water drop in my skin but nothing felt the same when her skin touches mine. I can still feel her touch and I'll do anything just to feel her touch again. I know this is all my fucking fault but fuck! I regret everything I said to her! I don't care anymore if she's a weak human, all I just want right now is to see her again. All this time I tried to find her but I can't even find a trace of her scent.
  I got out of the bath and pull some clothes in the corner. I somehow look decent for someone who did not even shower for almost a month. My wolf does not even want to communicate with me except for the time when he feels like killing everyone around us lately. And if he could kill me, I know he would not think twice about especially after what I've done to our mate.
  I saw the empty glass of beer and throw it away, the shattering sound of breaking glass echoed in this empty room. My room is nothing but a complete disaster, falling pieces of furniture, broken glass from empty bottles of beer, clothes scattered around the corner. I sat down at my broken bed and bury my face in my palms. What have I done?
  I glanced down at my hand's drops of water pouring down on it, my whole body shiver as I let my eyes welled with tears again.
  A knock on the door followed by my father who I can't seem to read. He glances around my room and lets out a sigh. I know too well why he was here. He probably wants me to start acting as his rightful heir for his Alpha title.
  &quot;I know that you just want to lock yourself in your mess, but you have to remember that you are soon be inheriting the alpha title. I'll see you at the training ground tomorrow. &quot; He said. But I knew too well that if I don't show up he will drag me outside my room to the training grounds not that I even care about it. But my wolf lost so much already and I can't let him lose his rightful position as an alpha.
  ***
  The next day I got up early, took a shower, and ran to the training ground. I was the first one here because I could not even sleep a wink. I started by doing my warm-up by lifting the log of trees in the area after I'm finishing other werewolves started arriving. Some of them can't even hide their surprise to see me here.
  &quot;Good to see you back,&quot; Glen said. He was one of the strongest warriors in our pack and now the Vice-Captain.
  &quot;Yeah.&quot; He seemed to get the idea that I don't want to talk to anyone right now. And I know that already knows why. Because there is no other reason for a werewolf to be agitated and broken unless it was related to their mate.
  They probably guess after my sudden outburst in the school that almost killed five pack members. I would have killed them after I heard that Dino almost broke my mate's arm, if not for my Father's command that time they are already burried underground. I heard they are already being sent in the borderline to keep them away from me because if not. Their death will be early.
  &quot;Wanna spar?&quot; I gazed at the new arrival. I don't recognize him at all. This is the first time that I saw him Is he even a member of this pack?
  &quot;You probably don't know him. His name is Lindon from South Lake Pack, he's with them.&quot; He said pointing to the group of 10 unfamiliar werewolves that I hardly notice.
  &quot;Well wanna have sparred with me?&quot; the new guy added. I'm not in the mood to do anything right now but may as well be trained while I'm here.
  I nodded my head and he smiled. I don't like that smile it makes me wipe it off his face. During sparring, we are not allowed to transform into our wolves. Everyone gathered around us wanting to watch who would win. Well, it was to his advantage in knowing I haven't been training for a month and some of them are probably thinking the same.
  But I'm too pissed and broken, and I wanted to do something to lessen it. My wolf finally agreed with me for the first time. We both gather in the center, the other circles around us. Glen stands between us and reminds us about the rules that no killing but until no one surrenders we won't declare a winner. Glen will still supervise to stop the match to keep us from getting badly injured to the point of dying.
  &quot;Are you ready?&quot; Glen as we both nodded our heads and were ready for the position
  .
  &quot;FIGHT!&quot; Glen walks out of the circle.
  We circled each other, watching each other move. Trying to figure out what attack will be the other does. He watches me like a hawk, giving me a cocky smile.
  &quot;Soon to be alpha. Why don't you show me what you got?&quot; he said. I can hear the excitement in his voice. He also wanted to die early.
  I launched a punch at him but he dodged it, so I attacked again using my left leg and he did not expect it, hitting his side.
  &quot;I would focus if I were you,&quot; I warned. This time he was the one who attacks for giving me punches from both sides, he was quick but I was able to block them all. He jumped midway and tried to kick me but I dodged it, he was lucky enough to almost hit me.
  &quot;Aww, you were fast,&quot; he whined. I don't know why he was acting like that. But he was eminence with power. I did not feel it at first but now I am sure of it. He could hit me earlier if he was serious enough in the fight.
  His brown eyes are gleaming with excitement. He tried attacking again and this time he hit me right below my right abdomen. I wasted no time while he was still in awe. I make my move fast and swiftly move behind him and smack the back of his head.
  He is collapsed on the ground unconscious. He was powerful but not enough to watch my movements.
  &quot;I think that concludes my training. I'm going.&quot; All of them fell silent and I took that as my cue to get out of here.

###chapter 4   She's here
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I watch as the buildings started to become trees as we started to get further away from the city. We now took the dirt road taking us further to the forest. I looked at Clint who was driving. He gave me a small encouraging smile.
  &quot;Are you ready little sis?&quot; I just nodded my head and smiled back at him. It's been a month since I last saw him. The pain is still there but I can bear with it.
  &quot;Are you sure you wanted to come with me in the pack? You can just stay in the mansion.&quot; He said, I squeeze his hand to assure him I'll be fine. And besides, we need to do this because I am part of this and whether I like it or not I am partly the reason why.
  &quot;I'll be okay Clint.&quot; I smiled at him while he returned it with a sigh but nod in the end.
  I looked outside the window, the marking of the Crescent Moon Pack is written in bold red and black font with the red moon in the center, and from the center, a sword is lying. As we got closer to the border of the territory more warriors are guarding it.
  A few warriors are waiting for us at the border probably already expecting our arrival. They are the usual pack warrior, but since this is one of the four major factions of packing their warriors look more intimidating with their bulky build and their towering height making me look small.
  Clint got out first on the car they automatically lowered their head as they saw Clint out of the car. Now that I think maybe I should have taken Clint's offer on waiting on him in the Mansion. But there is no turning back. I held the grip of the door and swung it open.
  Some of the near warriors stop what they're doing as they realize that I am different from them and what is more shocking is I'm with Clint.
  &quot;A human?&quot; I heard one of them whisper to another warrior.
  Good thing I'm wearing a hoodie, so they won't see my face. I know werewolves co-exist with humans and was known by few but they still hated our guts. Clint cleared his throat to get their attention. I could feel his irritation with them. His power was radiating around him making the air tense.
  &quot;Got a problem? &quot; He narrowed his brow and I bite my lips to keep myself from giggling. He was trying to look intimidating which affect the pack warriors to even lower their heads. Clint is the most patient among us but once he snaps, you better ran away from him if you can.
  &quot;N-nothing your highness.&quot; They are all utter. We walk into the pack with the warriors leading the way. I can see that this pack is a huge one in the scope of the territory comprises half of the North.
  The four factions, the North, South, West, and East are ruled by the four strongest packs.
  The Crescent Moon of the North is known for its strength, mastery, and speed. They are rulers. All the ancestor's leaders of the three other factions came from them. No one dares to mess with them as they know for being barbaric.
  South Lake Pack of the South is known for its weapons and craftsmanship. They stand in battles with the North for ages and their weapons can destroy anything that comes their way.
  The white moon of the West is known for its medicines and poison. They are the weakest in terms of physical strength but they are not someone to be a mess with. They live harmoniously with the human territory; you can say that they are the calmest pack.
  Golden arid of the East known for their kin eyesight and art battle. The desert is their habitat which resulted in their unique area of battle. Once you cross their territories there is no going back.
  The only faction that does not follow them is the Central Kingdom known as the Royalties. They are believed to be the descendants of the King of werewolves and are truly respected because of their unknown power. They consider above all the four factions. Clint is one of them...
  &quot;Klaire, are you listening?&quot; I stare at Clint who is now walking towards me, probably because I haven't moved a single step.
  &quot;What is it again?&quot; I ask confused. He lets out a sigh. He looks worried again.
  &quot;Are you sure you wanna come with me?&quot; he asked again. This is probably the 10th time that he asks me this ever since we left the car. Again I nodded my head at him and he rolled his eyes at me. Not liking my answer at all he walks faster but not fast enough to leave me alone.
  We are getting closer to the main house known as the packhouse, the pack members are already gathered outside of their homes to check our arrival probably, they all stand there in awe, as Clint just stand there without even trying... already caught their attention. You can smell the pressure in the air just by his presence alone.
  I watch as the unmated she-wolf stared at my brother with hearts in their eyes. While others started whispering about how can a weak human be here. I just rolled my eyes at hearing that word again. Shaking the memory off, I scan my surroundings, at first glance, it looks like a normal town of humans, children running around and playing, wives folding laundry, and doing housework while their husband is busy with work. But it is far from reality. These are all werewolves capable of snapping your head into two without a sweat.
  &quot;Your Highness welcomes to my pack I am Brent Carter the Alpha.&quot; I look at the 560 yrs. Old wolf who looks like a 40 yrs. Old wolfs. He has brown blonde hair and blue eyes. He was gorgeous for his age.
  &quot;It was a pleasure to be here Alpha Brent.&quot; My brother said politely even though I know he's looking for something or someone may I say. I look around for a moment. My heart is hammering inside my chest. I inhale sharply trying to calm myself.
  &quot;Just Brent is fine.&quot; He smiled and then a beautiful woman came beside him. He had blonde hair with green eyes. She looks like a great and nice Luna. &quot;And this my wife, my Luna, and my Mate Stella.&quot; He said proudly. I found it adorable. I just hope the same thing happened to me... I shook the memory away.
  &quot;It is a pleasure to meet you. Luna Stella,&quot; Clint said. He gave them his million-dollar smile which made the unmated she-wolf lose it. I just rolled my eyes at him.
  &quot;Stella is fine. Your highness,&quot; Stella says while smiling, she's so beautiful whenever she smiles. She looks at me and smiles.
  &quot;And who is this young lady over here.&quot; She took a step in my direction.
  &quot;I'm Klaire,&quot; I answered.
  &quot;She's with me&quot; Clint added this seems to confuse the Luna but she was kind enough to not ask how did that happen.
  I just smiled not wanting to let them pry further about the details of how why I ended up coming with him. And Clint was already showing that he won't entertain any question.
  &quot;I see, please let us go inside,&quot; she mutters but stops on her track when we heard a loud growl coming from inside the Packhouse?
  &quot;LET ME GO ZION! SHE'S HERE!&quot; The door burst open and I stop breathing as he stands there staring at me with his blue-green eyes.
  My whole body stiffens as I let myself take in everything that is happening, and there he is again making my whole world stop. Inhaling his mint winter scent. How can he just suddenly swift me off my feet by just being a few steps away from me? His gaze made me shiver down my spine, making my whole body feel alive just by his gaze.
  He tried to get closer to me but his friend caught him and Clint won't make that easy. Clint moves in front of me as everything registers in his head. He held me in his arms trying to block my view away from him. This stops me from running in his direction.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; I look away from our staring game. Focusing my attention on Clint who is now on the verge of killing someone. I nodded my head but a loud voice boomed in the air.
  &quot;DWAYNE STOP RIGHT THERE!&quot; it was the Alpha. My eyes grew wide as I realize why he reacted that way.
  He was marching towards us. His are all black which means his wolf is out of control. He snaps out. Once he calms down his eyes soon return to their original color, a color that I once longed for to stare at me with love.
  He just stood there and stared at me with pain and longing evident in his eyes. I gaze back at him but do not return his affectionate stare. I stare at him coldly and with no evidence of emotion can be seen.

###chapter 5  I watch her
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I got myself up earlier than usual and had my way to the bathroom. I heard that the royalties are coming here to discuss something about the war which is getting out of hand with the rogue king.
  We don't particularly like the Central Kingdom but they hold this unknown power and the way they kept everything to themselves is intriguing and their numbers are unknown. What we know is they are smaller in terms of number over the other factions. But they are not to mess with. That was the exact word my father said as he talks about their arrival last time.
  I took a warm shower to get myself back to my senses. I kind of feel weird since this morning especially my wolf, he is starting to feel restless. And it was making me nervous a bit and excited? Then something hit my nostrils, the familiar scent of sweet vanilla. This can't be?
  I hurried out of the bathroom and grab my clothes which are already lying on my bed. I sniffed the air and found her scent getting stronger. My wolf is getting excited with joy while I don't know what to do. I just want to see her beautiful face and feel her warm again.
  I opened the door and found Zion standing right next to my door. I almost forgot that I haven't talked to him for ages since that incident 3 days ago.
  &quot;Where do you think you're going?&quot; He said, I gave him a wolfish smile which he didn't expect. He looks surprised by my sudden changes knowing that I was nothing but a walking time bomb this past few days.
  &quot;Looks like you're back to normal? What gets into you?&quot; He asked unsure. I didn't answer him and turned my back to run downstairs but he stopped me before I could even open the door. I stared at him annoyed by his interruption.
  &quot;You can't. The royalties are here and the Alpha forbids you from getting out of your room after your sudden outbursts,&quot; he said while giving me his serious look. I growl at him as my wolf is getting more impatient as we stay here. I can smell her scent from where we are standing and I know she's right next door.
  &quot;Let me go to Zion,&quot; I growl to warn him but he didn't bother instead he holds my arms and tried to drag me but I was stronger than him.
  &quot;You can't Dwayne.&quot; My wolf is getting angrier right now for him stopping us to see our mate. I growl at him but this time I used my Alpha blood and he bows his head down.
  Wolf: &quot;Mate! I can feel she is here!&quot;
  My wolf howl in happiness as we reach the door but Zion stopped us again and this time I snapped. I growled louder that I can feel the whole pack now shaking.
  &quot;LET ME GO ZION, SHE'S HERE!&quot; I groaned and he let go, the door bursts out open, and found her there staring right back at me with her blue-grey eyes. My wolf jumps from excitement as he looks at our mate who is nowhere and in just one snap I forgot everything that I've been through when she left.
  &quot;Ma--&quot; Before I even utter a word someone pulled her arm and my head snap angrily at that person. He held her in his arms which made my wolf furious! Don't you dare touch what's mine! My wolf is itching to take over.
  Wolf: &quot;Get your hands off her, she is mine!&quot;
  My wolf wanted to rip him apart until he can't be recognized. I let out a loud growl as my wolf started to get out. I watch her stare at me with wide eyes which make my breath stop. I can't believe it! She's here standing right in front of my eyes.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; My head snaps once she looks away and stared at the bastard next to him. I'm gonna kill him! I was about to shift when my father used his Alpha voice.
  &quot;DWAYNE STOP RIGHT THERE!&quot; My father's voice boomed out and I found my wolf stop from getting out of the surface. He was still my Alpha so basically; my wolf will still listen to him.
  I stop from my track and look in her direction. And it almost breaks me when she looks at me with her emotionless eyes.
  Cold and emotionless eyes stared back at me.
  &quot;Dwayne get back there.&quot; My father said I didn't move an inch and just stare at my mate. My wolf started to panic about the way she looks at us. He whimpered in pain but still felt the joy of seeing our mate.
  &quot;No!&quot; I growl and took a step toward her a loud tug filled the air as I felt myself against the wall. A loud growl escape in my throat but he didn't bother he just stood there staring at me with his gray-blue eyes.
  &quot;Let go!&quot; My voice started to change. A roar erupted in the air and my bones started snapping. He was fast enough to ditch my attack. He even gave me a smug smile. My anger rises again and this time I'm aiming for the kill.
  My wolf fully took over and he was angry. He just wants to be with our mate. He digs his paws on the ground ready to attack. The bastard just smirks and the snapping of bones started as the big silver-white wolf appeared. He was a little bit bigger than my wolf but nonetheless. I will kill him and take off that smirk on his face.
  My wolf lets out a loud growl. My teeth show as I run to his wolf for the attack. He was fast enough to jump and attack us, but my wolf was angry enough and found a way to bite his legs. A whine erupted from his wolf. I can feel my wolf smirking right now, he even tightened his bite. I can taste his blood in my mouth. But what surprised me is when he bites my shoulders, a groan escaped from my mouth. His teeth dug further in my flesh.
  My wolf took another bite in his legs breaking his bones. My wolf even wants to rip off his legs as I remember how he touched our mate.
  He found a way to flip us around. A groan escape in my mouth when I hit the hard concrete wall. My wolf shakes his head angrily. We stood there both watching each other. His gray eyes watch us closely waiting for our next move. My wolf didn't wait any longer to attack but a sudden pain stops us. My wolf lets out a loud cry as we felt the unbearable pain.
  &quot;That's enough you two.&quot; A sweet voice erupted in the air it was like music to my ears. But the unbearable pain snaps me from admiring her voice. My wolf whines in pain and her eyes snap instantly in my direction.
  I watch her walk in my enemy's direction which makes my wolf let out a growl. He hated it just like how I hated it. The pain I had right now is nothing compared to what I felt whenever she stared at me with her cold eyes.
  Once again she looks in my direction and the pain stop.
  &quot;You don't need to do that.&quot; I snap from what I've heard. The bastard is now in his human form. My anger emerged when I heard his voice.
  &quot;Enough.&quot; She mutters but I can feel the authority in her words. My wolf just stands at the back of my mind and lets my human instinct take over. I run into the woods and grabbed a pair of jeans in the wood as I change into my human form.
  &quot;I have to Clint.&quot; Her voice echoed in my head like a piece of beautiful music. They look at me once I walked out of the wood. But I keep my eyes locked on her.
  &quot;You shouldn't be standing right now if not to your Alpha blood.&quot; He mutters, my blood is still evident in his mouth.
  &quot;And you should be dead by now.&quot; I hissed, he just smirked. I wanted to get that smirks on his face.
  &quot;I want to watch you try.&quot; A growl erupted in the air coming from my father. He is mad and in his Alpha mode.
  The tension in the air became heavier and darker.
  &quot;Okay, that's enough. Let's go inside and discuss it more calmly.&quot; My mother's sweet voice snap, the tension submerged. She lets out a sweet smile and pulls my father inside.
  &quot;I shouldn't be here&quot; I heard her whisper. I look in her direction with adoration and our eyes meet but no emotion is evident in them.
  &quot;Mate&quot; those words suddenly escape from my mouth. A glimpse of emotion appears in her eyes but was consumed by hatred.
  &quot;You are no mate for me.&quot; Those words are like a tornado in my head, taking away all the hope that I hold. It was a nauseating gut-wrenching sadness that I never feel to come close to.
  And for the hundredth time.
  I hate it!
  I hated myself!
  I just stood there broken as I watch her walk away from me...

###chapter 6   Don't come near me
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I took a deep breath trying to calm myself but it is not working at all.
  I cursed myself before walking inside where she was sitting next to that bastard who was now holding her hand. A growl escaped from me and their head snap in my direction except her she keeps her eyes on the wall like it was the most interesting thing in the world. I even find myself wanting to crush that stupid wall!
  &quot;Sit down Dwayne.&quot; I let out a sigh and sat on the seat across from her. I keep my eyes locked on her.
  &quot;Okay now we first wanted to discuss my son's situation with--&quot; My father was cut off by that bastard who is now standing and giving me a death glare.
  &quot;There is nothing to discuss that matter.&quot; A loud growl erupted from my father but he didn't care, he just stood there and gave my father the same intensity of power. It was disrespectful to cut off any Alpha while he was talking.
  &quot;You wouldn't want to fight with me Alpha.&quot; This time my father stood still and glared at him.
  The fact that they belong to the Central Kingdom makes him even harder to deal with. Because they don't follow the rules of the four factions.
  &quot;I can try.&quot; My father said calmly but I know him better than he already wanted to snap his neck.
  &quot;Stop that!&quot; They are both interrupted by my mother, I can smell the intensity in the air as well as my mother's fear, and lastly, I can smell my mate that calms my wolf from ravaging.
  &quot;Stop it, Clint.&quot; Finally, she said something. But it irritates me more that instead of me she was talking to him.
  &quot;Okay.&quot; He agreed and took his seat back.
  My father also came back to his senses once he heard my mother who is now standing beside him.
  The mate bond is really strong... As I thought of that I look at her and she was just staring at my father and mother who are now holding their hands together.
  &quot;Now can we continue what we are here for?&quot; My mate suddenly said, she sounded impatient but I know better that she wanted to get out of here which hurt me and my wolf.
  The bastard and my Father took their seat and started their discussions about what should they do about it and I heard that the other royalties will come too. I even found out that she was adopted, which explains why she was with him. They didn't give in further information about her and my father did not seem to mind. But I do mind everything about her.
  &quot;We need to put more warriors to guard the borderline. These bastards keep coming!&quot; My father mutters, marking the east part of the northern border.
  &quot;The south has already been in contact. Some of their warriors have been injured. Items have been found missing in their warehouses.&quot; The bastard said. Staring blankly, his expression does not give much.
  &quot;How did that happen? That is impossible! There must be a traitor!&quot; I could not agree less with what my father said.
  The South is known for its craftsman and weapons. Weapons that can be used to kill our kind. And their warehouses are not an easy one to invaded by some useless rogues.
  &quot;That is why we are here to find out.&quot; He mutters while staring at the map.
  &quot;The other Alpha's will also be arriving soon, so we could start discussing the matter.&quot; My father announced. I have never seen my father this serious in my entire life. His personality is too far from being savage but once he was in battle, you won't even recognize him.
  &quot;Good, the others will be here by then.&quot; He mutters. He keeps staring at the map which is in the center of the table. He circled the South Lake Pack. &quot;This is where we start to hunt for the mouse.&quot; He added.
  At the rest of the discussion, I found myself not listening to them and just staring at her. She remains silent for the rest of the meeting.
  Her beautiful black hair gives her this elegant and mysterious personality. As her blue-gray eyes show every emotion that flickers on them except now all I see is hatred. Her perfect shape lips that I found myself wanting to bite them...
  I remember how those lips tasted back then. How I claimed those damn lips!
  &quot;Dwayne, are you listening? &quot; I was brought out of my thoughts as I stare at my Mother confused.
  She lets out a sigh and stares at me.
  &quot;The other Royalties will be staying in the east mansion of the pack with them and I want you to stay away from there as much as possible.&quot; I look at her in disbelief. Are they going to do this to me?
  &quot;WHAT?! You wanted me to stay away from my mate?!&quot; This time I stood up and look in her direction but she just stares at me with nothing but emptiness in them.
  &quot;She is not your mate!&quot; I snap in the bastard's direction. He was glaring at me and so do I. My wolf does not like the idea of having him near her especially now!
  &quot;Dwayne Stop!&quot; My mother came to me before I can even pin down that bastard. He gave me a cocky smirk. After I rip you open, let's see if you can still smile like that!
  Wolf:&quot;Want mate！&quot;
  I can feel my wolf wanting to get out, he's angry, furious even. Sad and hurt his longing for her. Calling for her to give her the attention he wanted for the past month.
  &quot;Please... stop! This is for your good.&quot; My wolf calms down but not he still wanted to crawl out of here and tear him apart. I didn't answer my mother instead I stare in her direction.
  She was just sitting calmly with her gaze fixed on him! That son of a bitch! I'm going to kill him.
  She was this close to me and it was making me insane. I just wanna grab her and feel her. Her scent is the only thing that keeps my wolf in control.
  I walk towards her but before I could even take a step closer to her she stood up and stare at me in the eye. Her eyes are cold as eyes making a stop.
  &quot;Don't come near me.&quot; She whispered enough for me to hear it loud and clear. And with that, she left the room leaving me in pieces. I stood there unable to move as the world had just crashed into me.
  I can hear my heart beating so fast like I ran a marathon. It was beating loud and clear but I felt like my heart had just stopped beating.
  &quot;You don't want to get involved with us, so you better listen to her.&quot; He mutters before he went to the door where she left.
  I glance at my parents who now staring back at me with the look of sadness and pity in their eyes. My mother looks so heartbroken as she was about to cry. She hated seeing me like this! But I cannot blame anyone because this is what I wanted!
  We may know for being savages but our pack value the mate bond. Only I consider it as a weakness. But shit! Now I just wanna rip myself open!
  &quot;I know how you feel my son, but you need to understand the situation. &quot; He squeezed me in the shoulder before he sat down in his chair.
  I glare at him! No one understands my pain! He told me to not show any weakness!
  I let out a frustrated growl and left feeling all these emotions that I tried to hide. There are so many questions running in my head.
  Who are you, people?
  A let out a loud growl knowing that I don't know anything about her and the fact that this is all the result of what I've done!
  I found myself entering my room destroying the first thing that caught my eye flipping it over until it crashed on the concrete wall. But that didn't satisfy my wolf. I flipped, throw, punch, crushed everything that caught my eye, and the next thing I know my whole room is destroyed. Falling pieces of glass are scattered everywhere just like how I feel right now. Blood is dripping down my knuckles but I don't give a fuck about it.
  You can hear the voices of the pack as well as the smell of fear and pity in the air. Of course, they already know what happened. After my sudden outbursts.
  Damn it!
  The familiar smell of my mother caught my nostrils probably running her way up here I don't wanna see the look in her eyes. Closing my eyes, I picked myself up and jump outside as I let my wolf take a run to the forest. I wanna get out of here and just be with her. Before I know it my paws are taking me to the east part of the park where the east mansion is located.
  I need to find answers and right now she is the only one who can give me what I want...

###chapter 7 Surreal
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I stay in the mansion since we came here. After that incident, I didn't have the gut to meet his blue-green eyes that I started to love...
  The memory of what happened keeps hunting me. The way he looks at me with those emotions is breaking me inside like all those emotions that I sealed away are being open little by little. It was making me crazy fighting every inch of my body is screaming to be with him.
  I don't know what to do with him anymore. He wanted this! He was the one who rejected me but why is he acting like a lost puppy waiting to be picked up. And I know for myself I shouldn't pick him up! Not anymore...
  I let out a frustrated groan. Clint was so furious about the way he reacted when he saw me again. He was even angrier at the fact that he even tried to get near me. And I can't blame him for being like that. I was even angry at myself for reacting like this!
  The way it almost crushes me as I watch him be in that pain. It even took my breath away when I heard him cry in pain because of my doing. But I had no other options I have to stop them before one of them gets into a serious injury or worse death, knowing my brother will take no time to kill him.
  Part of me wanted to see him and see if he hurt anywhere. I wanted to stay in his arms and feel safe but I need to control myself. I blame this stupid mate bond that I have this feeling of affection towards him! And it was getting out of hand! It was an ironic feeling that I can't explain!
  &quot;Mate&quot;
  Those words keep echoing in my head. How dare him to even call me his mate! After what he did a month ago? I can still feel my world-shattering into pieces every time I remember that day.
  &quot;I Dwayne Carter rejects you as a mate. I don't need a weakling human to be my mate.&quot;
  Hatred, sadness, disappointment, and betrayal are the things that left me since that day. And it should remain like that! Damn it!
  A loud noise brought me back to my senses. I close my eyes to sharpen my senses but heard nothing? I pull myself out of my room and head outside where the noise earlier came from. I sniff the air and find the familiar sweet scent of mint and winter. I even close my eyes to sniff the scent when the reality hit me.
  A pair of blue-green eyes are standing a few feet away from me, who is now staring at me with so many emotions. Everything flickers in his eyes mirroring me but I tried to conceal it. It is a good thing it was dark and my hair is covering my face a little because of the wind.
  He's wearing a white shirt that hugs his chest perfectly, with his jeans. He was barefooted stating that he came here running with his wolf form. His blond hair is a mess but still looks flawless at the same time.
  If that even makes sense at all.
  &quot;What are you doing here?&quot; I tried to make my words loud but it turns out to be a whisper. I can feel my whole other trembling from excitement and anticipation.
  &quot;We need to talk, Klaire.&quot; The way he said my name gives me so much pleasure as my whole body reacted to every word. I even close my eyes to hide the affection that is flickering out.
  &quot;There is nothing to talk about.&quot; I bite my cheek to keep myself from calling his name. His name that I keep calling in the past month.
  I blame the mate bond for this!
  He took a step closer to me but I took a step backward afraid that once he was near me I wouldn't be able to control myself.
  &quot;Don't.&quot; It sounded more like a plea rather than a threat. I can't even look at him in the eyes. I'm too frightened to see what those gorgeous eyes look like.
  He didn't listen to me and took another step. This time I looked up at him but what he did next catch me off guard. He pushes me to the wall with my arms locked with him. The smell of mint and winter makes me lose control. The feeling of wanting keeps popping.
  I closed my eyes to control myself before I throw myself at him and completely forget that he doesn't want me. A wave of sparkling tingles my whole body.
  &quot;Let me go&quot; I finally found my voice. I felt so powerless as I stare into his eyes. Longing and lust are written all over them and I'm pretty it was mirroring mine.
  &quot;I can't do that.&quot; He even moved closer I can feel his breath on my face.
  His lips are brushing with me as he speaks. A bolt of pleasure made me close my eyes and bit my lip to stop myself from moaning. How can he do this to me?!
  &quot;I am not yours, so you had no right to claim me.&quot; I reminded myself of those sleepless nights. Crying and nothing but pain. But it was all completely useless! I was completely captive by him.
  A growl escaped from his mouth and his eyes started to turn black. This time I know his wolf was about to come out. He closes his eyes trying to fight his wolf.
  &quot;MINE!&quot; He said with full of power. His possessiveness is evident.
  And with a blink of an eye, his lips are crashing to me. My eyes pop wide open as I let him send sparks throughout my whole system. I found myself closing my eyes and returning his harsh yet show so much belonging kiss it was like he is marking his territory.
  A moan escape from my mouth as I let him slip his tongue inside my mouth, letting him taste it. We both fight for dominance but he didn't let me. I gave in to the pleasure.
  All those reasoning that I keep reminding myself earlier was completely washed away in an instant.
  &quot;You are mine&quot; he whispers between our kisses. I didn't answer instead I let my hands brush his soft blond hair. He closes his eyes as he lets out a moan. A smirk crosses my lips knowing that I can give him so much pleasure by just tugging his hair.
  His hand caressed my hair pulling me closer to him like the limited space between us is still too far. It was not enough for both of us. The feeling of having him next to me even feels surreal.
  My eyes shot open when I heard something. And I think he also heard it because he frowns. I even heard him curse.
  &quot;Wolf paws.&quot; He said the same thing that is running in my head. There are werewolves coming to us. My eyes shot wide open when everything, we had just done slapped me like a wildfire. I quickly move away from him but he stops me before I can even take a step.
  He grabbed my waist and pulls me closer to him. Back to our position earlier. I can feel my cheeks heat up.
  &quot;They are getting close.&quot; He whispered while staring at me, I look away. I shouldn't let him do that again. I felt a pang of slight guilt to my brother for not feeling guilty at all. Damn this is hard!
  I sniff the air and find the unfamiliar smell of rogues. I heard him curse under his breath. His grip tightens and with just a few swifts he pulled me inside. We are now in my bedroom how did he know where my room was? He carefully lays me down on my bed. Like I will break any minute if he wasn't careful. I almost smile at the thought, a good thing he didn't see it.
  &quot;Don't come out unless I came to get you.&quot; He mutters, cups my face gently.
  I can feel his power radiating over his body as he stared at me full of concern. He was hesitating to say something but decided not to.
  Before I can utter the word, he was already gone, leaving me his scent that soon vanishes in the air. I found myself missing his presence.
  I bury my face into my hands. Why did I let this happen?! My tears started streaming down my face. I don't understand myself anymore. All my rationality is all gone just by being near him.
  I thought I was ready to face him that I can control myself, that I will be okay once I saw him again. But I was wrong! This is all wrong! The day I met those blue-green eyes everything completely falls out-of-place.
  Especially now...

###chapter 8  Rogues
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  As I step outside, I was welcomed by fifteen snarling rogues. They look larger for a normal rogue. And they seem to come here prepared.
  A smirk formed in my lips as I let my power radiant, the pressure in the air can be smelled from across the field.
  One of them shifted back to his human form. He has black hair and a good build body, and I'm sure he wasn't just a normal rogue. This one is imitating a much more powerful wolf compared to the other fourteen rogues here.
  &quot;We don't wanna kill you, we just want the girl.&quot; He said calmly. His eyes shifted to the upper floor where my mate's room is located.
  &quot;If you can kill me.&quot; I hissed, my wolf is itching to snap them one by one.
  &quot;Very well then.&quot; I can feel that he was dangerous. He tilts his head to the side and the other made their move.
  He motioned to the other 3 wolves pointing to the second floor.
  &quot;She was there. Gets her.&quot; They made their way out. They will look for another entrance one of their head to the side door. The other jumps in the air aiming for the balcony. I caught him in the air pulling his feet with me.
  &quot;Where do you think you are going?&quot; I throw him back to that bastard. He shoved him away with a swift in his hand I heard a faint snap indicating he broke his neck. He ended up lying on the floor breathless.
  I was a little surprised by it. He was one of them. How can he just kill him like that?
  &quot;What a useless thing.&quot; He mutters while shaking his head his smile remains to flash in his face.
  &quot;I never thought rogues can be this ruthless.&quot; I stare at him with a discussion he just shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;I'm just here to get her anyway.&quot; Now he was getting into my nerves. Other rogues tried to attack me but I dodge them. I caught one of them and snap his neck using my bare hands.
  &quot;Not bad.&quot; He is muttering joyously. What a fuck up psycho. &quot;This is gonna be fun.&quot; He shifted to his wolf form. I didn't notice it earlier but he was larger compared to the rogues with him.
  I heard glass breaking inside the mansion, meaning some of them got inside.
  &quot;Shit!&quot; I ran back inside but four wolves blocked my way. They really wanna die early.
  I let my wolf come out, the snapping of bones as I shift filled the air. My wolf growls in delight as he stares at them passed by their sudden interference.
  My wolf was way larger than them and he likes it, crashing this bug is nothing to him. I can even hear my wolf letting out a snorting sound. This will be fun but I have to make it quick and kill those bastards who are inside.
  The three rogues attack me at the same time but I was faster enough to dodge their attack. I bite the leg of the first wolf that was near me and throw him in the air until he landed on the wall. Another one attacks me from the side but I was furious enough to snap his head. I let out a loud growl when they all attack me at once. Lucky enough they scratched me but my wolf is out of my control as he bites, snaps, growl at the remaining rogues.
  They are far stronger than I thought. These wolves know how to fight. And it makes me worry knowing any minute those rogues can find her.
  Other rogues didn't let go of the chance and launch their attacks on me. One of the rogues was lucky enough to bite my shoulders. My wolf groan in pain and sang at him, I can taste the blood in my mouth as I bite his head off.
  I stare at the 4 remaining wolves standing. My dark fur is now covered with blood. I have to make a quick shower after I finish them off.
  The largest one circled me following his direction the other also made their way to surround me. My wolf remains at center watching, waiting for them to attack. The wolf on my right tried to bite my right leg but I kick him making his wolf stumble. The other pounced on my back catching me off guard. The largest one used this chance and bit my left leg, I can hear my bone breaking as his teeth dig deeper down my flesh.
  I shifted my weight and strike the nearest wolf to me. I bit him hard making his hold on me loosen. This time I made a quick move I got out of his grip but my legs are bleeding heavily.
  Another crash inside the mansion this time I heard a loud growl. Shit! They found her. My wolf agitates. I charge forward and bit the first wolf that I caught. Tearing his limbs out, the metallic taste of blood stays in my mouth. I attack the next wolf and grip his arms, tearing them open. Then I made my way to his neck, I let my canine dig deeper until I heard a loud snap.
  I made my way to the largest one who is now making his way to attack me but I caught him just in time. Gripping, tearing, ripping is all you can hear as we fight. I threw his body on the ground when I satisfy enough. I shifted back to my human form. He shifted not so long ago after me, because of the damage I had caused.
  I walk in his direction. I can smell his fear as his body started to tremble in fear. There is only one reason why he was still breathing right now and that is I need him to tell me what they want from her and how they got here without being noticed.
  I look at his blood is all over his body just like mine but most of it is not my blood my leg is the only concern. A slight irritation came to me as I remember how we are interrupted by this foolish rogue now I have another reason to rip his head off. My wolf wanted to crawl out again and want to kill him at last for disturbing us with our mate.
  &quot;Who send you here.&quot; He just laughed at me but the pain is evident in his eyes. I growl at him and stop myself from pulling his heart out of his chest.
  &quot;D-do... Y-you really think*cough* I will t-tell you?&quot; I grab his neck and tighten my grip. He was trying to fight me but it was useless.
  &quot;I am not here to play jokes with you. And if I were you, I will shut my mouth and tell me what you know.&quot; I growl at him. His breathing became slower as he whipped in pain.
  &quot; M-maybe the little mate of yours can tell you who sent me.&quot; And with that, he kills himself by pulling his own heart out.
  I glared at his lifeless body annoyed and confused at the same time. Why would my mate know who sent them? Well, that is not important right now. I heard another loud crash inside.
  Fuck! I forgot about that! I ran fast inside and found two bodies. They smell like the rogues from earlier. Blood, broken glass is all over the place. I made my way to check the bodies they are lifeless. And something about their death is a little unusual because there are no wounds at all only blood.
  &quot;Klaire?&quot; I made my way to her room and found no one. But the sweet scent of vanilla is still there. I saw a figure on the balcony I know it was her. I walk in her direction but I feel dizzy all of a sudden.
  A slight pain causes me to lose my balance, my leg is still bleeding. I let myself fall on the floor but a soft arm held me steady. I don't need to look at the person as I smell the familiar scent of sweet vanilla. Sparks erupted in my whole system as I let her guide me to her bed. I wanna stay awake but this sleepy feeling is pulling me.
  &quot;Shit! It was poison.&quot; She mutters, she sounded so cute. My heart flutters at the thought that she worries about me.
  I tried to focus. I open my eyes and stare at her but everything is blurry. I stroke her hair. It was white? Am I seeing things? She stares at me but the sleepy feeling is too strong. I even heard her call my name before my eyelids started to feel heavy. And the next thing I know darkness consumed me with the questions running in my head.

###chapter 9  Glimpse
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I glance at him now. He was sleeping. The bleeding of his legs stops. He looks so peaceful while he sleeps. How I wish I could just stare at him like this. But I can't especially now. Good thing he didn't get to hurt that much. I took his hands and hold them, that familiar feeling is there again trying to overwhelm me.
  &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; I mutter. I close my eyes. I shouldn't be near him right now. He didn't see me earlier, right? He hurts and it was all because of me.
  Letting go of his hand, I made my way to the living room where the body of two rogues remains unconscious. I didn't kill them they just look like they are dead. Their blood is all about over the place.
  &quot;What happened here?!&quot; Clint rushes in my direction. They probably don't know what happened. And I was not surprised at it.
  &quot;Another attack,&quot; I mutter, J tried to move the unconscious rogues but Clint stops me. He shoved my shoulder to face him.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; I stare at him trying to hold my laugh. How can he be so cute sometimes? I pat his shoulder assuring him that I'm completely fine.
  &quot;You of all people, know that they couldn't do anything to me.&quot; He narrows his eyebrow. He glances at me from head to toe. I followed him and stare at myself. I was also covered with blood.
  &quot;This is not mine,&quot; I assured him. He walks towards the rogues. He squats down to check their necks for markings.
  &quot;It was him.&quot; He confirms my thoughts earlier. I didn't notice I was trembling until he took my hand and squeezes it.
  &quot;I won't let him have you. I will kill him if he even shows up.&quot; He kissed my forehead. I close my eyes and let the tears that I was holding downslide my cheeks.
  We made our way to my room and he stared at the unconscious Dwayne. He wasn't covered with blood anymore because I wash it away earlier while I'm attending to his wounds.
  &quot;I will call for the pack doctor and let him be transferred back to the main house.&quot; He said and headed outside to call whoever he had to.
  It didn't take that long for someone from the pack to get him. They carried him. One of them even looks surprised to see me unscratched. The other one glared at me, maybe because he thought their soon-to-be alpha was badly hurt because of me. And they were not wrong about it. I just lowered my head and let Clint handle everything.
  &quot;Sleep in my room tonight.&quot; I just nodded my head and didn't argue with him because I am too tired.
  I went to his room and sat on the bed with my eyes closed. I know this would happen. He sent them here to get me and I can't let them get me not again. I shiver at the thought of seeing him again. It makes my stomach turn upside-down.
  The coldness of that night sends me to the grave of my despair as I feel my rage I wanted to kill those rogues over and over again. Taking a deep breath, I didn't let it my anger consumes me as I remember what might happen again.
  I close my eyes and tried to get some sleep... 
  Not for a while I found myself stand in dark place. I looked around and saw nothing but pure darkness. I have used in the dark my eyes adjusted on their own for the past years I am here.
  But the familiar smell of faint metal and dusk as I tried to walk around but failed. I realized I was dreaming about the past. The pain was all over my body, I leaning on the wall to keep me from falling again. All I know right now is the fact that I need to get myself to stand on my own. Whimpering in pain as my wounds started to re-open again.
  All I know right now is I can't let him do whatever he wants to me. I shiver in pain as I remember how his nails dig deeper into my pale skin.
  A loud knock pulled me back from that nightmare. Those dreams again.
  Clint was standing at the door holding a glass of water in his left hand he offers it to me and I gladly took it from him. It was already morning and what happened yesterday was not a dream; I glance at my clothes it was now clean.
  &quot;You were in deep sleep, and I change your clothes.&quot; My eyes went wide at the realization that he took my clothes off.
  &quot;I didn't see anything, and you were wearing something underneath. I just took your bloody shirt.&quot; He continues. He gave me water and I drank it down. My throat feels so dry.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I ask. He sat down on the chair near the bed.
  &quot;We found no traces of how they got here without being noticed.&quot;
  Of course, it was his doing. He wouldn't let anyone find him and he won't stop after he gets what he wants.
  My whole body feels cold at the thought of having him near me. I shook my head trying to get that thought out of my mind.
  Clint gave me a confused look but I just smiled at him to assure him that I'm fine. He walks over to my bed and gave me a slight pat.
  &quot;I heard him awake now.&quot; We both know who he was talking about. I let out a heavy sigh.
  Everything that happened last night flashes in my head like a movie. Those rogues are enough to kill a normal werewolf. Luckily, he was stronger than them if not... I don't even want to imagine what might happen.
  &quot;It was my fault.&quot; I can't forgive myself if something did happen to him because of me.
  &quot;It was not your fault. He deserves what happened to him after what he did to you!&quot; I look away from him. A pang of sudden guilt came up to me about what happened last night before the attack.
  &quot;He didn't know anything,&quot; I mutter. Maybe it was right after all that he rejected me. He needs to stay away from me. Far away from that, he wouldn't end up unconscious in my bed again.
  &quot;I know and that's why I'm here.&quot; I just gave him a slight smile. Knowing my brother was here giving me a little comfort.
  &quot;Now let's eat.&quot; I just nodded my head and let him walk himself out first. I will follow up after I took a shower.
  I made my way back to my room and slide down to take a shower. I close my eyes, feeling the cold water in my skin. It was cold enough to take me back to my senses. I took the tower from the stool and wrap myself before I went out of the shower.
  A familiar smell of mint and winter made my eyes wide open as I stare at him standing there beside my bed. Blue-green eyes stared back at me.
  &quot;Shit! What are you doing here?!&quot; I ask surprised. He stares at me with full of affection but the confusion was there and visible.
  I grab my clothes and turn my back on him. I can still feel his gaze burning in my back.
  &quot;Can you please get out?&quot; He didn't badge but I heard the door at the balcony slide open. I took the liberty to put my clothes on.
  A pair of oversized shirts and a short. I didn't bother brushing my hair. He was still on the balcony so I made my way out.
  &quot;What do you want?&quot; I asked. I crossed my arms trying to look a little intimidating.
  Now that I take a closer look at him. He doesn't have any trace of injury except for the bandage on his right arm the one that I tied. His legs look much better but the bandage is still there.
  &quot;You know why I'm here.&quot; He was about to come closer but he stops himself. Maybe he knew what will happen if he came closer again to me.
  &quot;You shouldn't concern yourself with that,&quot; I mutter, his expression changes. He looks angry?
  &quot;Seriously, that is all you're going to say?&quot; He exclaimed. He was furious and I understand why. His pack is also affected because of those rogues' attacks.
  &quot;Yes, and don't ever come here.&quot; A slight pain took over me. I stared at him coldly shielding a thousand emotions as I look at him. I felt like it was killing me from the inside. Like how I die not long ago...
  &quot;I can't play with you. So don't show yourself here anymore.&quot; I turn around to get inside. But he stops me before I can ever protest. He grabbed my hand and the next thing I know his lips were on mine.
  I stood there frozen unable to think of what should I do.
  &quot;I won't.&quot; He mutters, and he kissed me again. This time I was returning to his intense kiss.
  All my thoughts fade away like how the snow in the winter melts.

###chapter 10 Stop
  Klaire's P.O.V
  The sweet taste of mint welcomed me, letting a familiar sensation of lust come to life inside me. Until something pulled me back to my situation right now. I can't do this! Stopping myself to go further I push him. He stared at me confused and disappointed.
  I just stood there staring at him as my tears started to fall out of my eyes. A sudden alert washes over his beautiful face. He cups my face with his hands. His hand feels so warm and comforting.
  I look away and took a step back away from him. His hands froze not knowing what to do he just stood there staring at me.
  &quot;Just leave me alone please...&quot; I whisper enough to let him know that I mean it. He shook his head and insisted to come near me.
  &quot;Please s-stop&quot; I sob he pulled me in his arms. It made me even cry more letting myself melt in his arms.
  &quot;Shhh... I'm sorry.&quot; His whisper, his voice is muffled as he burry his face onto my shoulder.
  &quot;Just let me go... this is what you wanted in the first place&quot; I muttered trying to convince myself to wake up from everything.
  He didn't move and kept on stroking my hair. I close my eyes trying to find the urge to push him away.
  &quot;S-stop!&quot; My voice broke, this time I push him all the strength left in my whole being.
  Finally, he lets me go, he just stood there. My tears fall heavy as I stare at him. Tears fell down his face. He looks completely shattered.
  I wipe my tears away. This is the right thing to do! I reminded myself.
  I don't know what to do. It feels like it's killing me inside. As thousands of swirling emotions came to life inside me, it hurt so much.
  He stood in his place not saying a word while looking at me with his broken eyes. I wanna look away but my eyes lock on him. Like how I always find myself mesmerized by those pairs of eyes.
  &quot;I know it was stupid of me to reject you, but I wanna make everything right.&quot; He whispered, he grabbed my hand and kisses it. I closed my eyes fighting the urge to pull him and continue what we left earlier.
  &quot;You wouldn't want to involve with me,&quot; I mutter, he stared at me confused.
  I know he had a lot of questions about me. He was probably asking himself. But it was better for him to stop looking for answers to his questions. And if he was involved with me his life won't be at peace.
  &quot;Why? You know I can protect you if those rouges came back again.&quot; He clenched his fist probably remembering what had happened the other night.
  I stare at him sadly. He looks so desperate. Like how desperate I am to keep him away from me.
  &quot;You don't even know what you were saying.&quot; I look at him in the eyes and keep a blank expression. This had to stop right now.
  &quot;I might not know why they are after you but I will find out.&quot; He took a step closer to me and I took a step back. He looks serious and determined.
  This is not the answer that I wanted to hear from him.
  &quot;What are you, hiding mate.&quot; He whispered and that frightened me. My whole body froze as his eyes stare at me piercing down to my soul.
  No, please! Don't... I wanna say those words but my words don't want to come out.
  He walks to the railings he stops his track for a bit and turns around in my direction his gaze staying on me.
  &quot;I will see you again&quot; with that he jumps off the railings leaving me completely unable to understand what just happened.
  Clint was busy looking at the map in front of him when I went to the dining. The food has been prepared on the table. He lowers the map for a moment and glances at me before taking his eyes back to the map.
  &quot;What took you so long?&quot; I went to my seat and grab something from it.
  &quot;I just have to deal with something.&quot; I can't look at him in the eyes. I even took another shower just to get his scent off me. So Clint won't pick up his scent.
  He didn't answer instead he rolled the map and started eating his food. My mind is wandering about what just happened earlier.
  Everything is just chaotic. He wants me back and I want him more than anything but I can't! I can't have him... During that one month, everything completely falls out of place. And that is something I shouldn't let him get involved in.
  &quot;Klaire, are you okay?&quot; Clint's voice brought me back to my dilemma. He looks quite worried about me.
  &quot;Yes, I'm just thinking something.&quot; I gave him a slight smile to assure him that I'm okay.
  He lets out a sigh and didn't say anything. Maybe he felt that I was not in the mood to talk about it.
  Our dinner ends up with only the clacking of plates and utensils filling the silence.
  After dinner, Clint went to grab the map and motion me to follow him. I followed him to his office. I didn't even know he had his own office here. He rolls the map on the table. Showing the whole North territory.
  He circled the East Mansion where we locate. The east surrounds by cliffs.
  &quot;How did they get here without being to notice.&quot; He mutters to himself. I look around the map and he was right the east is surrounded by pack warriors guarding the nearest border.
  We are missing something. I glance once again at the forest is next to the border. And next to the cliff is the ocean.
  &quot;They didn't use boats do they?&quot; I ask. His eyes glimmer by the sudden thought.
  &quot;The ocean next to the cliff is filled with sharp rocks, making it hard for boats to get near it. Except if there is a secret passage where they can safely dock their boat.&quot; So it means someone is telling them this information within the pack.
  &quot;We need to investigate further. But we cannot let anyone know about this.&quot; I didn't say anything and just keep staring at the map. Where could that passage be?
  &quot;Also that poison they used. It was not a simple poison. Someone is turning their back to the factions.&quot; He added. I remember Dwayne's leg from the incident. It didn't heal quickly which indicates something is going on here.
  Good thing we caught two of them for questioning. I wonder where they are right now.
  &quot;I took them to the dungeon. This Mansion is full of surprise.&quot; He said, answering my questions earlier.
  &quot;So you read minds now?&quot; I joke, he just shakes his head and smiled at me.
  &quot;Your face is showing it.&quot; He pats my head and walks his way out of his office.
  I followed him from behind. He went to the right part of the corridor. And press something from the wall. The huge wall soon opens showing a dark staircase down the dark path.
  He grabs a torch in the side and made his way down. I follow him our footsteps echoes as we go further down. I guess this is where the dungeon is located.
  I can hear the chains clicking as we reach the bottom of the staircase. I can feel my whole body trembling. This familiar feeling is making it harder to breathe.
  Clint notices my panic and he grabs my hands.
  &quot;I'm here, you are not alone.&quot; I squeeze his hand and let out a heavy breath. Nodding my head so he can continue to walk.
  The dungeon is dusty and old. It has a large prison cell. The torch from the wall is the only source of light. Does it look like it hasn't been used for years or maybe a century?
  We stop at the third cell and there they are. Both hands and feet are tied to each corner of the room. They are bleeding looks like Clint already went down here.
  They are both still unconscious. Clint grabbed a bucket of water in the corner. And splash the water to their face. They both flinch and gasp for air at the same time.
  &quot;Wake up! It's time for you to answer me you fucking bastard!&quot; I can feel his anger radiating.
  &quot;HA-HA-HA *COUGH* he is coming,&quot; one of them said. The other one also started laughing.
  &quot;You think it was funny?&quot; He punches them in the face blood splat out of their mouth.
  &quot;Y-you don't frighten us.&quot; They both stared at us with nothing but the humor in their eyes.
  &quot;His *cough* going to get you.&quot; My whole body shivered, his cold gaze stared at me like he was saying I can't escape.
  &quot;Then I will kill him!&quot; Clint shouted at them. Their laughter erupted. He tightens his fist and punches them again and again.
  Blood scattered around... And again I found myself unable to do anything.

###chapter 11 Legend
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  After I left her I went straight to my father. I know he might answer some of the questions running in my head. I didn't know much about the royalties except for they inherit some different abilities from the moon goddess or something like the bloodline of the King of werewolves.
  He was currently looking at the documents on his table as I entered his office. &quot;What brought you here son?&quot; He took a glimpse in my direction then went back to what his doing earlier.
  &quot;Who are they?&quot; Was the first sentence that came out to my mouth. He stopped for a second then cleared his throat. Knowing he knows who I was talking about.
  He stood there for a second. He hesitated for a moment but gave in.
  &quot;We hardly know anything about them the succession of the royalties is already present before I was even born son, but there is a legend where that said they are from the straight bloodline of the King.&quot; He walks towards his bookshelves and took a big brown old book.
  &quot;Back then there is a king of werewolves. He was the strongest werewolf and standing by his side is the mighty Beta his Brother. They said their bond is stronger than anything. And going against them will make you see the death of you.&quot; He put the book on his table. And started to flip the pages.
  &quot;The king was furious until he met his Luna...&quot; he stops for a second to look at me in the eyes.
  &quot;A human.&quot; He added.
  I look at him in disbelief, it was really rare to even be mated by a human because they are so fragile and you can end up killing her during the marking. And here I am having a human mate.
  &quot;She tamed the raging beast inside the King, peace had been achieved ever since then. With the help of the King with his Luna and Beta, all the packs united as one and let him rule as their true King. But his Beta doesn't like the fact that he needs to follow a human girl like his Luna. He was so against them that one day the Luna was killed by the King's Beta.&quot; He flipped another page of the book and starts reading it.
  &quot;Hell is how they described the scene, knowing that the Packs are again separated and there are Packs who went against the King and stand beside his Beta. The King was devastated by his own brother's betrayal. That leads him to kill his Brother in just one snap and all the other werewolves who are traitors.&quot; I stayed at the corner listening as my father retell the legend I used to hear when I was a child. But had been forgotten.
  &quot;The King turns his back to all the Packs and ran away with his daughter who was blessed by the moon goddess herself. No one heard anything about the King and his daughter.&quot; He closed the book and looked at me.
  &quot;After that war, the Four Elders who fought beside the King decided on creating the four factions to maintain the peace between packs.&quot; He muttered, I just nodded my head. He was talking about the North, South, East, and West territories.
  &quot;But the peace didn't last long another war erupted, this time it was against a pack of rogues. Another rebellion of Rogues, the factions is no match for them. They almost lost the battle the number of deaths costs them to be outnumbered by the rogues but then another hope came to them a group of werewolves save them. Their strength is no match for the rogues. And they are being led by a woman, nothing more is written here except for her silver-white hair gleams like the moonlight with her unusual golden eyes.&quot; He continues. He flips another page of the book and continues reading.
  &quot;The war ended and they won but she vanished without a trace no one knows what happened to her or where she went. After that Central Kingdom was built as the remaining werewolves with her resided there. The Elders believe that she was the daughter of the late King, and the moon goddess blessing was passed down her.&quot; He added, he flipped the last page of the book. I stared at him confused, that was just a legend.
  &quot;That didn't answer anything,&quot; I said trying to patch things up. But nothing makes sense.
  &quot;Son, that is the only thing we know about them.&quot; He closes the book and walks back to the bookshelf to return the book.
  &quot;It was just a legend.&quot; I frowned at the thought that we know nothing about those Royalties.
  I walk out of his office with another question added to my head.
  &quot;Legends are real my son.&quot; He yelled and started laughing. Damn! My Dad is nuts. Sighing that I got no answer made me more frustrated.
  I went straight to my room not bothering to take a shower I went straight to my bed. Her scent remains in me; I smell like her. And it comforts me as I let myself stumble to sleep.
  The next morning, I went to the training grounds. The werewolves from the South Lake were already there when I arrive.
  &quot;I know we haven't met but I'm Rion, the next Alpha of the South Lake Pack.&quot; An unfamiliar face approaches me. He offered his hand and I took it. We don't need another enemy at times like this.
  &quot;Dwayne.&quot; I shake his hand. He was around my height; his frame was well built. He looks much stronger than the rest of his pack here.
  &quot;I heard my beta had a sparring match with you.&quot; My eyes stop at the guy with who I had a sparring match before. No wonder he has some skills.
  I just nodded my head grab some sandbags and tied them. He followed me and did the same thing I did.
  I started punching it but it didn't last that to make a hole out of it. The sand started to fall out of the sandbag.
  &quot;Too eager aren't we.&quot; He muttered, I didn't answer and went to grab another sandbag.
  The other pack members started arriving in the training grounds. By the time Glen arrived, I was already in my 11th sandbag.
  &quot;Okay now, let me introduce to you Rion Altizer the next Alpha of the South Lake Pack. He arrives earlier than expected and he will start training with us.&quot; Glen probably wants them to be careful around the other pack especially to the next Alpha of the South Lake.
  They started to gather into two's. It was a one on one combat training. I walk to my opponent and it was other than Rion.
  &quot;Looks like this is going to be fun.&quot; He muttered, I didn't answer him.
  &quot;Okay now start!&quot; Glen shouted the other pair around us started fighting.
  We stay remaining standing, waiting for the other one to attack.
  I charge at him throwing a punch, he blocks it using his forearms. This time he hit me using his left hand in the V under my ribs where the sternum ends. His smile was triumphant as I yanked back.
  &quot;Didn't expect that ha?&quot; I straightened my back and stared at him. A smirk formed on my lips.
  My next attack caught him off guard I slipped to his side and pushed his elbow down away. Making him defenseless I caught his head and rolled him to the floor. A loud thug erupted in the air.
  I didn't notice that everyone is already done with their one on one training. They all stood there silently watching us both.
  In a minute he was already on his feet, he rushed towards me but I was already anticipating his attack. He smashed his elbow to my side but I blocked it. I yanked back and with free arms, I hit him in the face. He almost lost his balance. He wipes his blood from his nose.
  He pounces at me hitting my face. I can taste the blood from my lips. We are both bleeding already.
  We circled each other trying to watch each other. He didn't miss the chance and charge forward. He almost hit me again in my ribs. But I blocked it, I grabbed his wrist with my right hand.
  I hit him twice more with my right, square right below his ribs. He sagged and I shoved him away. I took another step forward crowding him.
  Glen run his way towards us and stood between us. He looks serious, I guess we've done too much damage to each other. But who cares? This is nothing compared to my training with my father back then. And he was fully aware of it.
  &quot;I think that's enough.&quot; He glances at both of us. I didn't bother answering him and just started walking away from the training grounds.

###chapter 12 Encounter
  Klaire's P.O.V
  Staring at Clint makes me dizzier. He keeps walking back and forth. &quot;Will you stop and sit down please?&quot;
  He stared at me in disbelief.
  &quot;How can I do that knowing that they found you... again.&quot; He whispered the last part. Worries and terror flash in his beautiful eyes, reflecting mine but easily hide the terror of the fact that it... ugh! I shook my head dismissing that idea.
  &quot;That won't happen again, not anymore,&quot; I assure him, he squeezed my hand and I smiled at him.
  &quot;The others are coming.&quot; My smile soon faded. He walks to the counter to grab a bottle of wine and a glass of wine.
  &quot;I know they shouldn't be here until the end of the month. But I can't calm my nerves unless I know we can take turns looking after you.&quot; He continues. I was about to disagree when he stopped me.
  &quot;Please?&quot; He added. I let out a deep breath and just nodded my head. He smiled and kissed my forehead.
  &quot;We need to finish the treaty earlier than expected.&quot; I can't agree more with him. The earlier the better, we can't afford to lose so many werewolves again. Plus, him... remembering him makes my heart ache more. This is the right thing to do.
  We have to move...
  &quot;What happened with the meeting?&quot; I ask trying to change his attention to the attack that happened last time.
  &quot;The other Alpha's will arrive much earlier this time. Looks like they are eager also want to wrap things up.&quot; He took another sip of his wine, he only drink like this when he wanted to calm himself.
  &quot;Don't get yourself too drunk,&quot; I said. Trying to remind him how hard it is to handle him.
  The last time he got drunk like this was the time our father died. I grip my shirt at the memory of it. He died because of me.
  &quot;You know I'm not gonna get drunk easily.&quot; He laughed. I just rolled my eyes at him.
  &quot;As if that would convince me,&quot; I mutter.
  I step out of the veranda, the cold breeze feels so good on my skin. I blush at the last memory of what we did here. I smile bitterly, our conversation here didn't end well at the same time.
  It's been two days since I last saw him and I don't know if I should be relieved or irritated. Well, this is what we both wanted should happen in the first place. A rejected mate should stay away from each other.
  But I found myself waiting for him to suddenly show up again like before. Maybe he came to his senses, after all, sooner or later he will mark another female wolf and this bond will soon be weakened.
  Just thinking about it makes my chest feels heavy, a tingling pain resurface when an image of him with another girl flashes in my mind. Ugh! This thought is driving me insane!
  &quot;You okay?&quot; I didn't even notice that Clint was already beside me. He offered me a glass of wine and I took it.
  &quot;Clint, I'm having a hard time fighting it.&quot; I look down at my feet trying to hide my embarrassed face. This is the first time I'm completely honest with him regarding my mate's issues.
  &quot;I figured, I know he went back here.&quot; My eyes widen, since when did he know everything?
  &quot;You can't completely wash away his scent. You know my senses are far from normal werewolves.&quot; He added. I open my mouth to say something but decided to not say anything. I don't even know what to say, I can't even make an excuse. He caught me red-handed.
  &quot;Klaire, looks at me, I'm not here to scold you or anything. You know I want you to be happy.&quot; He wipes my tears with his thumb. I didn't even know I was crying.
  I didn't say anything, I let myself melt in his arms. But we both know we can't live normally until this matter ended. And with that, I can feel my anger resurface.
  After my talk with Clint, I found myself roaming around the Pack, it was already being a week since we arrived here and this is my first time stepping outside the east mansion after the day we got here. And Clint is probably in the office discussing the matter with Alpha Brent.
  The other Alpha's will be arriving 3 days from now. The matter about the traitor remains a secret. We will wait for the arrival of the others before starting the investigation. We found a secret passage around the Cliff just like what we suspected. We won't even be able to find it if not for Clint's abilities.
  I stop my track when I smelled a familiar scent that I was longing for and found myself in the woods. I didn't notice I walk this far already. I need to get out of here before he even caught up on my scent.
  I was about to run back when I saw a familiar shadow standing there in the middle of the woods and he was not alone. The next thing I know, tears streamed down my eyes as I ran myself out of that scene.
  It was him kissing with another girl.
  My tears started to blurry my vision but I just wanna get as far away from this place. I stumbled on a rock, I hit my left knee. I can see my blood flowing out of my fresh wound.
  I lose all of my strength and just sat there in the middle of nowhere crying while recalling that image of him kissing another girl.
  I bit my lower lip, just a few days ago he went to me saying he wanted me back. But here he is kissing another she-wolf.
  Why does it hurt so much? I thought I will not feel this way again.
  It seems the sky felt my pain, the rain started pouring. I close my eyes and let the rain wash away all my pain.
  My eyes pop open as I felt a presence of an unfamiliar wolf. My eyes stop in his direction; he was just a few feet away from me. Gray fur soaked in the rain. He brushes it off as he walks slowly in my direction.
  I didn't feel any threat coming from him. He must be one of the pack, but his size is not like a normal wolf.
  His hazel eyes stay on me. I keep my eyes on him just in case he tried to do something to harm me. He stops in front of me, I look small for his size. Is he trying to comfort me? He sat down beside me. I brush his fur with my hands, it was so soft. It reminded me of Clint's wolf every time I play with him.
  &quot;Are you here to comfort me?&quot; I whispered. I continue to brush his fur; I lay my head on his fur.
  He flinched at my sudden action, but he didn't stop me. His eyes stop at my knee which is still bleeding. I curl up and hug my knees.
  &quot;Oh, that? I stumbled on a rock. I guess I'm too clumsy to even roam around here.&quot; I bury my head between my knees trying to hide my face. I know he saw me crying and I don't wanna imagine how I look right now.
  I don't even know what's gotten into me talking to a stranger, specifically a werewolf.
  We just sat there in silence, he covered me using his body just close enough so I wouldn't feel cold. The rain continues to pour down, only the sound of the rain-filled the silence between us.
  &quot;I have no idea who you are but thank you,&quot; I whispered, my eyelids are starting to feel heavy.
  I felt a pair of arms carrying me before sleep completely consume me.
  ********
  I woke up in an unfamiliar place. This is not my room. I look down at myself and my clothes are gone. I was only wearing a male shirt. Shit! Where the fuck am I? I started to panic, I scan the room trying to figure out something that might help me.
  A golden marking caught my attention, it has the familiar marking of the South. Wait am I at the South Lake Pack mansion? Shit! Did that wolf belong to the South?
  The door opens and a tall tan guy entered. He's not wearing a shirt, his well-toned body reflexes as he walks in my direction. Why are they so many good-looking guys around here? But this is not the time to wonder about that.
  &quot;Who are you? And where am I?&quot; He handed me a glass of water. I frowned at him not trusting is that the water is safe...
  His familiar hazel eyes stared at me. He was the werewolf earlier.
  &quot;I think you trust me better in my other form&quot; he smiled at me, he took a sip from the water.
  &quot;See? It was safe.&quot; I didn't answer him and just pull the cover tighter. I need to get away from here, but where are my clothes?
  &quot;I let your clothes dry, they are in the bathroom. You can change on them if you want to.&quot; I didn't answer him and just pull myself to the bathroom.
  I stare at myself in the mirror. I'm still in one piece. Only the bandage on my knees is different and the rest is completely fine.
  I slip into my shirt and pants, then grab my hoodie. When I got out of the bathroom, he was sitting on the bed. His eyes look up when he realized my presence.
  &quot;Why did you bring me here? And who are you?&quot; I ask again. I remain in the far corner of the room away from him.
  &quot;I brought you here in the Mansion for the South Lake Pack because I don't know where else should I take you. And I can't just leave a girl bleeding in the middle of the woods.&quot; I narrow my eyebrow at him.
  &quot;You didn't answer who you are.&quot; A slight irritation is evident in my voice.
  &quot;Rion Altizer, the next Alpha of the South Lake Pack.&quot;

###chapter 13 South Lake Pack
  Klaire's P.O.V
  My eyes grow wide after hearing his name. F**k! Why did I have to run into another Alpha?
  &quot;I heard there is a human who arrive with one of the royalties. I guess that was you.&quot; His statement is not even a question. I didn't answer. I slip into my hoodie; I have to get out of here.
  &quot;Thank you for the help but I gotta go.&quot; I wouldn't go there if I were. My hand stopped at the door knob.
  &quot;My pack members just arrived, and you probably know that our pack hated humans.&quot; He added.
  He was right, his pack was known for their hatred towards humans. Because most of their pack dies in the hand of hunters.
  &quot;Then what about you?&quot; He shrugged his shoulders and smiled at me
  &quot;What I know is what I felt about you is quite the opposite. In fact, I kinda find you interesting.&quot; I just stared at him in disbelief.
  &quot;You should stop that interest while it was still early. It won't do you any good.&quot; I scan at his room; it was huge like my room back in the East Mansion. Thick dark walls, concrete floorings. You can smell the smell fresh scent of woods.
  I stop at the table in the left corner of his room. A book rested on it, it was an old book. The legends about the old war.
  &quot;Have you read that one?&quot; I flinch when I felt him behind me. I didn't even feel his presence getting near me.
  &quot;Everybody knows about that, even humans know about that legend.&quot; I took a step away from him and continue my walk around his room.
  &quot;Well humans believe it was just a legend. But we both know it was not just a simple legend.&quot; I stop on my track and stared at him. He was also staring at me with his hazel eyes.
  &quot;Have you ever thought that maybe what we were thought about is all a lie?&quot; He added. I froze at his statement.
  He continued to flip the book on his hands. The book he was holding is not even the original one.
  &quot;Maybe? Maybe not.&quot; I shrugged and continue walking around. I trace the Golden markings, the lake that flows endlessly as the moon shines upon it. The letters that spell the South Lake Pack.
  &quot;Did you know the reason why it was called the South Lake Pack?&quot; I didn't answer him and let him continue.
  &quot;Back then during the war, they believe that the South Lake turned into a bloodbath, because of the number of death the lake turns red. Then after the war ended the moon shines so bright that it cleanses the lake back to its original state. That was also the reason why the markings look like that.&quot; I just nodded my head and glance at the window. You can hear his pack members playing around. 
  They took their shirt off and ran to the forest, their serious look showed that something happened. They are about 10 if I'm not mistaken.
  &quot;I think your pack members are already gone.&quot; I didn't wait for him to answer and walk myself out of his room.
  I can hear his footsteps behind me. The Mansion has the same features like the east mansion where we resided. Except that this one has a huge staircase connecting the right side of the building.
  &quot;I guess; I can't stop you then.&quot; The entrance is already in front of me when another member of his pack cane running back to the Mansion.
  He was bleeding
  Rion was already on the door before he even arrives.
  &quot;What happened? Where are the others Lindon?&quot; He guided him inside.
  Lindon looked shock for a moment because of my presence but focus on his attention to Rion who is now on the verge of killing someone. He tosses a cover to Lindon to hide his nakedness.
  &quot;We were attacked; we don't know who they are. They look like werewolves but when we fought with them they vanish in thin air. They are too fast for us to identify where they are. Before I know it, everyone is gone.&quot; Lindon explained.
  &quot;I will look for them; can you please stay here with him.&quot; Before I could even utter a word Rion was already gone.
  This is not good, I have to warn Clint about it but before that I have to help this guy and ran to where Rion is.
  &quot;Who are you? Why are you with him?&quot; I help him to stand he wanted to argue but he had no choice, his abdomen is bleeding.
  &quot;Who am I is not important; I was with him because he help me earlier.&quot; My answer doesn't seem to satisfied him.
  &quot;Look, I also don't wanna be involved with him. What you need to do right now is shut up and hold this.&quot; I told him to keep the pressure to his wound to stop the bleeding.
  &quot;The first aid is at the cabinet in the corner.&quot; Now he was back to his senses. I followed his instructions and opened the cabinet.
  I first cleaned his wound before applying some medicine and ointment. I bandaged it and he didn't badge. After I was done I look at him trying to find another wound. But only his abdomen needs a huge medical attention.
  &quot;Call for the pack doctor to get your wounds check.&quot; I instructed, I pull my hair tie in my pocket and tied my hair up into a ponytail.
  &quot;Where are you going? It was dangerous out there.&quot; He asked, he was now trying to get up.
  &quot;Stop moving around, your wounds will reopen.&quot; Glancing back to the forest, I wonder what happened to Rion.
  &quot;I have to go.&quot; I went to the door.
  &quot;Where are you going?&quot; Rion enter, he was carrying two of his pack members they are both bleeding and unconscious.
  He lays them carefully in the couch.
  &quot;I found them unconscious, bleeding not too far from the east mansion.&quot; He added eyeing me.
  &quot;How about the others?&quot; Lindon asked, he didn't answer but his fist tighten at the thought.
  &quot;They are all dead.&quot;Rion closed his eyes and that came out as a whisper. We all remain silent
  The pack doctor arrived quickly with Clint and Alpha Brent. They are both shock to know I was there.
  Clint went to my direction.
  &quot;Why are you here? And what happened?&quot; He asked as soon as he was beside me.
  &quot;Another attack this time, they weren't normal rogues.&quot; I glance back at the still unconscious pack members of the South Lake, Rion and Lindon was also busy answering the questions of Alpha Brent.
  &quot;I think they are the same Rogues who attack us back then.&quot;
  Flashback of what happened a month ago flooded in my head.
  A month ago:
  We were both on our way back to the Central Kingdom. I was exhausted enough because of the sudden event earlier. Clint remain quiet the whole ride back to the Central Kingdom. I can feel my eyes swollen because of crying.
  I just stared outside the window, watching the trees pass us, when something caught my attention. I look back to where I saw a huge shadow pass by. It was so fast that I didn't get to what it was.
  I yanked as a huge shadow slam into us causing Clint to lose control of the car. We almost crash into the oak tree.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; Clint ask, taking his seatbelt off.
  &quot;Yes.&quot; I mutter and followed him.
  We both got out of the car, there are 5 werewolves standing a few feet away from us. But something is different about them. They snarl at us showing their big teeth, their size is much larger than a normal Rogue. And their eyes are red. I have a bad feeling about this. I know too well what those red eyes means.
  Clint move in front of me trying to hide me away from them. He shifted to his wolf, His wolf is almost the same size as them. He growled at them, the ground started to shake as his growl grow louder making me close my ears.
  &quot;Be careful.&quot; I shouted.
  He didn't glance back. He strikes the first wolf on his right but they dodge it. They are really fast; I didn't even see him jump. Clint was also shock about what happened.
  &quot;Clint behind you!&quot; The brown wolf caught him, he bit his lower abdomen. Making Clint whimper in pain. Blood stain his silver white fur.
  He was now surrounded by them, Clint rise to his feet. His golden eyes glowing, I can feel his power radiating and I'm not the only one who felt it. The rogues started to step back.
  Clint growl at them once more, they growl back at him. They really don't want to back off. Two of them rush to us but something stops them.
  They all walk backwards trying to hide from something? Then it hit me. The familiar smell of him made my whole body shiver.
  Clint rush towards me. I look around my surroundings trying to locate where he is. He also done the same thing. But we found nothing, I can even sense his presence only the faint scent of him.
  &quot;He is here.&quot; I whispered
  A loud crash snap me out of that memory. We both stared the person who just arrived, who also his staring back at me with his green blue eyes

###chapter 14 The Lady
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  It was already two days since I last saw her and I was stopping myself to run towards the east mansion. Because right now I need to do something first, I have this feeling that this might be connected to all my question somehow. I ran back to where I saw her last time, maybe she could answer my question.
  Flashback:
  I remember our training from earlier. That next Alpha from South Lake is actually good enough to injured me. I need to get stronger to be able to protect her if another rogue attack occurs.
  I decided to get myself some time to think while I let my wolf go for a run. Maybe this will help me get my thoughts back in place. I remember again those words she mutters not so long ago; the way her tears broke my heart knowing that it was all because of my doings. And for the hundredth time I hated myself. My wolf let go a sad howl, I'm sorry...
  A blinding light stop my track; it was so bright that it obscures my vision. Once the light went out I found myself staring at a Lady with silver white hair that looks like it was shining because of the light coming from the moon.
  &quot;So, it was you&quot; she whispered enough for me to hear it. I look at her confused, I don't know but she seems harmless, she turns around to look at me and I was stunned. She looks exactly like Klare except for her golden eyes and silver white hair and she look much older. She reminded me of that Legend my father talks about.
  &quot;Who are you?&quot; she smiled to me sadly, and it made my heart ache all of a sudden. It was like I hate the idea of seeing her sad. I don't know what's gotten to me but it feels like I've known her for a long time.
  &quot;I need to show you something, come here.&quot; she mutter, pulling my hands closer to her. I know I have to shoved it away but as our skin touch a flash of images keeps popping in my head. It was like I'm watching a movie in my head and suddenly I was transfer into another place.
  It was a huge castle but not an ordinary castle, I can smell the scent of rogues lurking around. Moreover, it seems that they can't detect my presence, and suddenly I was transferred into an underground dudgeon. It was really dark that the only light available is coming from a torch in the corner, the smell of metal and dust welcomed my nostrils, as well the lingering faint smell of blood. Where am I? And where is that lady? I walk further and this time it was complete darkness, good thing my wolf vision is good.
  And there I was staring at the lifeless body of a little girl or so I thought, I instantly felt the urge to kill someone right now. My thoughts stop when the little girl move a little, the chain in her hands is covered with blood as well as her clothes. She looks so young maybe around 8 or 10? Her tiny little hands try to swift away the strands of hair blocking her eyes but she can't even lift her hands.
  &quot;W-whose there?&quot; she whispered weakly. I wanted to kill the people who did this kind of thing to this little girl.
  &quot;I-I k-know... s-someone is here, I c-can smell your s-cent&quot; she tried to stand but she was too weak and trip before she could hit the ground I caught her right in time.
  How come I didn't notice this earlier, her hair has the same color of that lady but hers is cover with blood. I was about to ask if she was okay, but she hurriedly pull away from me and move at the furthest corner of her cell. Once more I realized why she reacted that way as the smell of rogues approaches us.
  &quot;Well look at our little princess already awake after all the things the king have done to her.&quot; there are four rogues here and all of them are big enough to frighten the little girl. I could kill them with just one snap and my wolf was furious enough.
  &quot;Look it seems like she lost her tongue.&quot; they all burst laughing. The shortest one pulled the hair of the little girl that makes her whimpered in pain. I swear they wanted to see their death early.
  &quot;Do that later, you know that he won't let us go live if we didn't bring her back fast.&quot; One of the rogue mutter. The one pulling her hair frowned but follow the other one.
  &quot;Hurry up!&quot; They unlock her chains, she just stood there unable to move. One of them push her.
  &quot;Move!&quot; He shouted, pulling her hair. Her legs wobble as she took another step.
  I was ready to approach them and let them meet their death but the little girl stared at me. I have no idea how she knew where I was but her prepossessing eyes stop me. She smiled bitterly as if she was so used to it.
  &quot;Don't let him get her...&quot; was the last thing I heard.
  Before I know it I was back in the middle of the woods. With another question added in my head. Don't let him get her? Who is she talking about?
  Those last words of that lady and those piercing eyes of that little girl hunted me back
  Since that day I always find myself back here in the woods, getting my hopes up that maybe that lady will appear again. I don't know why, but this familiar feeling might be something. That little girl, I wonder what happened to her. Her unusual eyes, eyes with different color, red and golden yellow. Those eyes haunted me like I've seen them before but I'm just not sure.
  It seems that just like the other night she wasn't going to show up. I let out a deep breath and was about to go back when I heard some branches breaking. I turn around to find the familiar brown wolf. The smell of the autumn breeze reminded me of her.
  &quot;Miss me?&quot; She asks in a teasing tone after she transform back to her human form. I just shook my head. How did I even forget that she will be back? She grabbed a pair of clothes and change into them in no time.
  &quot;Sarah look we need to ta-&quot; she didn't let me finish my sentence and grappled me with a kiss.
  &quot;Sarah stop!&quot; I angrily brush my lips. Grabbing her shoulders to keep her distance away from me.
  She stood there staring at me with her innocent brown eyes, I don't know why I even think that those eyes are innocent. Right now it makes me wanna regret even meeting those eyes.
  &quot;You like that before though.&quot; she mumbled while pouting her lips.
  I let out a deep breath and started walking my way back to the main house. She followed from my behind. I have no time to even handle her right now. I bet she already heard about what happened between me and my mate.
  &quot;What brought you back?&quot; I ask, even though I knew the obvious answer. She smiled happily and gave me a wink.
  &quot;I came back for you.&quot; How I wish I could hear those words from my mate's mouth, a slight tingle of pain washing me over again.
  &quot;I know how it feels.&quot; She mumbled sadly and gave me a weak smile.
  It made me feel a slight guilt because of my harsh reaction earlier. Sarah is my childhood friend; she was the daughter of the third command of my father. Everyone thought that she will become the next Luna. But I was not even interested to her that way because she was more like a sister to me.
  We all grew up together including Zion. Until everything change one day, while the three us decided to have a quick run because we just had our complete first shifting. A sudden attack occurs exactly when her mate appears, as soon as those words escape her mouth.
  &quot;mate&quot;
  A large wolf rush towards her. It turns out that he was one of the rogues. His canines showing ready to bite the life out of her. Rogues are known for being ruthless even to their mates.
  I initially run towards them and the next thing I know the rogue was lying on the ground lifeless as I gaze with my hands covered with blood. While she stood there unable to believe what just happened.
  After that event she started to change, she became quiet, like a lifeless doll and only when she was with me will she start talking. I can still hear her scream every night she had nightmares, it was all my fault and that guilt keeps eating me alive. That is why I cannot leave her alone.
  Until one day she almost killed herself begging for me to fill in the void, she was crying helplessly and all I did was hug her, ever since that day we started to sleep together.
  I didn't think much about it during that time because I was not too entangled before about the mate bond. I thought that it wasn't necessary and I could just reject my mate if she was not fit to be my Luna and make Sarah my Luna because I took away her mate. But I was completely shaken after meeting those blue-gray eyes. Those eyes that made my whole world upside-down.
  &quot;Sarah you know that won't happen again.&quot; I think she already know what I'm talking about. Her smile faded, anger coursed her demeanor face.
  &quot;NO! You can't just leave me like this!&quot; her tears streaming down her face. she looks weak and desperate. I wanted to console her but I cannot do that anymore.
  My eyes went wide when a fainting scent of vanilla sweep the cold breeze. I know too well who that scent belongs to. I turn around to look where the traces of those scent came from but no one is there.
  But her scent tells me that she was just around not too long ago

###chapter 15 Traces
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  When we get back to the main house, the whole pack is in chaos.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I ask the first man that I bumped into.
  &quot;Rogues attack again, some of the members of South Lake Pack are still missing.&quot; I didn't have the chance to ask another question when my Father also went rushing out of the door with that bastard royalty.
  &quot;Good thing your here, go and check the surroundings make sure no rogues is nearby.&quot; He didn't give me a chance to say anything. They quickly made their way to the forest leading to the South Lake Mansion.
  Zion was now here beside me getting ready to take off.
  &quot;You coming?&quot; Zion ask. He took off his shirt. Sarah went inside the house as soon as we got here. She was sulking I know.
  &quot;Tell me the details as we go.&quot; I said, he nodded his head and we both shifted to our wolf. His wolf has a shade of brown and gray.
  We headed to the forest through the border.
  &quot;The rogues attack again, and no traces found between the border.&quot; He minds link.
  &quot;There are seven members of the South Lake who are missing after the attack. Three of them was badly injured.&quot; He added.
  We stop as we reach the border. The pack members guarding the border went to greet us. We both shifted back to our human form.
  &quot;What happened here?&quot; One of the member step forward. I remember him Derek, he was one of the leader of the Guards guarding the borderline.
  &quot;Sir, we found no suspicious activity in the border.&quot; He mutters, showing his confusion on the sudden attack.
  &quot;How about in the other borderline?&quot; I step outside the border, checking for wolf paws or anything that can give us any clue that the Rogues was here.
  My eyes shifted to the dark forest, I felt like someone is staring at me. But no one is around. I can't even feel a slight presence over there.
  &quot;You okay?&quot; Zion ask who is now also outside. His eyes darted to the direction where I was staring earlier.
  &quot;What are you looking at? Did you find something?&quot; He asks. Still staring at the dark forest.
  &quot;Nothing, not even a little traces of rogues.&quot;
  We both went inside. Derek contacted the other person in charge of the next border saying there are also no activity in there. I even talk to Glen who is now checking that premises.
  Just like me, he found nothing.
  How did they got inside without letting us know again? Did they used another passage? But where? Also last time one of the rogues said they are here for her, then why would they attack the members of the South Lake Pack? Unless she was there
  Don't tell me she was actually there? I shifted back to my wolf. Not liking the idea popping in my head. Zion follow from my behind.
  &quot;What was that? Where are you going?&quot; He asks.
  I turned right, running back to part of the territory where the South Lake Packs resided.
  &quot;I'm going to check something. Go to the last border, I'll meet you at the main house later.&quot; I didn't wait for his answer and run faster.
  My paws dig deeper down the wet soil as I ran the wind brushing my fur. I went back to where the fainting scent of her earlier.
  The metallic smell off blood caught my nostrils. I stop my track when I found some traces of blood. I growl as my realization; I can't be wrong this scent actually belongs to her. It was a faint scent but I'm sure it was her.
  I move a little further because of the scent of blood, just around the far end where I was a massacre of blood is all over the place. This is the place where the attacks happen.
  I followed the traces trying to keep myself from thinking any negative thoughts. This part of the woods was near the South lake and the East Mansion
  And this blood traces are coming to direction of the east mansion.
  &quot;Don't let him get her.&quot; And there the thing that the Lady said back then pop out of my head. The idea of her missing again is making me anxious. I wouldn't let that happen! I won't just stand and watch her got out of my grip.
  The traces stop near the east mansion. I hurriedly went inside to find her but there are no traces of her around. She was nowhere to be found. I went to her room but nothing is there. I went downstairs checking each room. A slight scent of her saying she was here not so long ago. I followed the traces of her scent but a huge wall welcomed me. It was a dead end.
  Something is off, I tried to look for anything that may lead to opening a secret door or something. Back then I really don't come around here because it was dangerous.
  A slight click and there the wall opened showing a dark staircase. This reminded me of the staircase down to the dungeon where that little girl is. I followed the staircase down to the dungeon. It was really a dungeon, but why is it hidden? There are six large cells, you can smell the metallic scent or rust and blood?
  I step closer to the third cell where the metallic scent of blood is getting strong. Traces of blood is still within the chains. Indicating that someone just died here, and the blood splash on the walls saying it was not an easy death.
  There is only one thing that I could think off. Rogues why would they hide the fact that they caught some rogues? Its either they don't trust us or something bigger is happening here.
  I went outside again trying to think where could she be. Right now finding her is what really matters. I know those blood don't belong to her but still
  I close my eyes, ears twitching. Trying to use all my senses to locate where she was right now. I open my eyes and gaze back at the direction where I felt a little tingling feeling.
  My paws stop right in front of the South Lake Mansion. I grab some clothes that are scattered around and slip on them. The sound of footsteps as well as voices reach my ears. I went inside in a hurry; I have to see her. I bump into a huge vase sitting right next to the entrance.
  All eyes stop on me as the loud crash of glass filled the air. There she was standing next to that bastard. I focus my gaze on her as I watch her eyes grew wide at my sudden appearance.
  &quot;Dwayne have you found anything?&quot; Our staring game stop as my father step between us. Taking my eyes off her, I look at my father who doesn't look please by the situation.
  &quot;Nothing, no traces at all.&quot; I mutter. I scan the room, Rion was standing at the corner watching us. Lindon the one I had sparring with before was badly injured. His abdomen was covered with bandage.
  My father went to that bastards and started talking to themselves. I didn't bother listening to what they are saying. I stood still watching her every move.
  She was now talking to Lindon and I was using all my strength to stop myself from growling or killing that guy. I frowned as I notice Rion was also watching her.
  Now that I think about it what on earth is she doing here? I step to her direction and grab her arms.
  &quot;What are you doing?&quot; She asks, trying to get out of my hold. Rion step forward between us.
  &quot;Let her go, Dwayne.&quot; He mutters, while grabbing my hand.
  &quot;Back off.&quot; I warned, my eyes focus on her. She was the only thing that keeping me from killing Rion.
  &quot;Rion just back off, let me handle this.&quot; She muttered, Rion took his hands off me and step back. Since when did they became close for her to say his name?
  &quot;Follow me.&quot; I whispered, she stopped for a moment, letting out a sigh she nodded her head.
  &quot;But first get your hands off me!&quot; She shoved my hands away and started walking outside. I follow her from behind.
  Her eyes were shooting arrows at as soon as we got outside. She crossed her arms in her chest. I glanced at her. She still looked beautiful even though she was pissed.
  I didn't notice earlier her left knee was covered in bandage.
  &quot;What happened? Are you okay?&quot; She glanced at her left knee knowing what I was talking about.
  &quot;Yes, I'm completely fine. So mind your own business!&quot; She shouted angrily. Why is she getting mad about?
  &quot;You know that this isn't just about our business right.&quot; I said, that made her stiff for a moment.
  I took a step closer to her but she raised her hand stopping me while shaking her head.
  She somewhat looks afraid? But what is she afraid off?

###chapter 16 The others
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;You know that this isn't just about our business right.&quot; I froze at his thoughts. Did he know everything?
  No! That cannot happen!
  He took a step forward but I stop him. I shaking my head at the thought that he might find something. And that won't do any good.
  Something inside me is whispering that sooner or later he will know everything. And when that time comes, we really can't be together.
  Am I still hoping for us? No! Erase that thought! Stop thinking about that! The moment you accepted the rejection everything ends there!
  &quot;Why can't you just let me in.&quot; He whispered, I glared at him. All myself control fading away.
  &quot;YOU WANT ME TO LET YOU IN?! BUT YOUR THE ONE WHO LEFT THE MOMENT YOU FOUND OUT THAT I WAS YOUR MATE! SO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LEAVE ME ALONE!&quot; I feel betrayed, heartbroken, tired and most of all afraid of everything that might happen is I gave in to his affection.
  He stood there unable to say anything. My tears streaming down my face. He just watched me as I let myself shatter into pieces. My trembling body is unable to support me. I hug myself for comfort.
  I can feel the gaze of everyone, they probably heard everything. I didn't bother to look at them and just run as fast as I can away from there.
  I even heard Clint cursing as I run further to the forest. When I finally have no energy to run I let myself stumbled on the ground. For the second time I found myself again on the ground. I let myself sink between my knees, hugging myself.
  A huge brown wolf jump from my behind, making me flinch. I glance at it and it was a female. I stand as soon as I notice that she was snarling at me. Is she also here to take me? She shifted back to her human form. She stared at her brown eyes flickering her anger and remorse?
  She gave me a smile, but I'm sure it was not a friendly one. She glanced at me from head to toe, she frowned as if she was thinking of something unpleasant.
  &quot;You better leave him alone.&quot; She mutters, her voice indicating possessiveness.
  I look at her slightly confused and then it hit me. That's why she looks familiar. It was her, the girl kissed Dwayne!
  I wanted to shout at her and tell her that she has no right to say that to me. But what happened earlier flashback on my head.
  &quot;You should know he promised to not take anyone as his Luna not even his mate if it was not me.&quot; She circled around me while giggling to herself.
  I remember what he said back then &quot;I don't need a weakling human as my mate.&quot; I bit my lower lip stopping myself.
  &quot;He always reminded me every night while we sleep together that I will always be his only Luna.&quot; She was mutter giving emphasis in every word.
  An image of him in the same bed with her made my stomach crunch.
  &quot;You will never be his Luna!&quot; She smirks at me.
  &quot;But you will still never be his rightful Luna.&quot; I mutter giving her a triumphant smile. I know everything she was saying was true but something inside me wanted to hurt her and remind her of her place.
  Her smile fades as soon as I say those words. She looked really pissed, her eyes started turning black.
  I turned my back at her, and started walking away from her. I don't wanna do something that I might regret later.
  But she wouldn't let me, she pulled my arm hard and yanked me to the ground, my right arm hit a huge stone that I didn't notice was there. I'll end up getting more bruises later.
  I look at her blankly, she looks pleased at my current state all the things she said keeps echoing in my ear.
  He didn't reject me because I was human, that realization made me lost it. All the emotions that I tried to gain control took a hold of me.
  Feeling my body feels lighter. I close my eyes liking the feeling of letting everything out.
  The wind started to blow stronger. Making it hard for her to see, she closed her eyes and put her hand over her eyes blocking the wind, keeping a small distance enough for her to see a little.
  &quot;What the hell is happening!&quot; She shouted still unable to see anything through the wind.
  The wind whirled around us, she started to have a hard time breathing as the oxygen decreases around us. I know I should stop but something inside me is actually satisfied on what I was seeing. Her naked body started to tremble as she gasped for air.
  &quot;H-he-lp.&quot; Tears streaming down her face. Her cheeks turning red as it became harder for her to breath.
  An image of Clint running in the distance stop me. He stops a few feet away from, hands covering his eyes as he took small steps closer to me.
  &quot;Klaire that's enough.&quot; I stared at him blankly not liking the idea that he was stopping me.
  &quot;Don't stop me Clint.&quot; I stared back at her, she was about to lose her consciousness.
  &quot;Klaire, enough!&quot; I didn't notice that he already gotten close to me. He pulled into his embrace.
  &quot;That's enough, sister&quot; he whispered between my ears. I snap out of it letting myself melts in his warmth. My eyes started to water again.
  I slip out of his arms, I keep my eyes on the ground embarrassed of my sudden outburst. Good thing no one followed him, he walks to the direction of her, who is now unconscious. He took his jacket off and cover her with it.
  &quot;You go back to the mansion, I'll handle this and wait for me there.&quot; I open my mouth trying to mutter something but close it again because I have nothing to say at all.
  I followed his instructions and started making my way to the East Mansion. The walk back there is cold and dark? I feel like something inside me is starting to eat me up.
  As I recall how satisfied I felt seeing her suffer. And wanting to see bleed to death. I shake my head at that thought. Not liking the idea in my head.
  As soon as I got in I went straight to the bathroom. I look at myself in the mirror, my eyes are blood shot red from crying my eyes out. Letting out a deep breath I need to get myself together. And this time there is no backing out! I won't be sway by him again. Not anymore. I smile bitterly and blink my tears away.
  The next morning Clint knock on my door. I open the door still sleepy. I somewhat feel so tired, and this is the first time that this happen again after a very long time.
  &quot;Good morning sleepy head!&quot; He patted my head, I glare at him. My hair is already a mess and now he was even messing with it.
  &quot;You okay?&quot; After he notice that I feel a little gloomy.
  &quot;Yes, I just feel tired.&quot; I mutter walking to the bathroom to get myself ready.
  &quot;Klaire, we have to go.&quot; Clint called, and again I took a deep breath trying to get myself into place.
  &quot;They are here.&quot; He announced, knowing what he was talking about. My eyes went wide,
  I know he already told me that they will arrive sooner but he did never mention anything that the sooner he was talking about actually today!
  &quot;Why didn't you tell me??&quot; I ask still shocked. I pick another hoodie just lying around my room.
  He remains silent, of course! After what happened yesterday especially the part where I almost killed someone.
  &quot;They were done earlier than expected.&quot; He mutters trying to hide the obvious fact.
  He probably notices my face; He squeeze me into a tight hug
  &quot;Everything is going to be okay.&quot; He muttered, which made me believe that everything is going to be alright... I hope so.
  We walk ourselves back to the main house, I followed on his behind hiding myself from those piercing eyes. I could even hear them whispering that now their real Luna is back, I don't really stand a chance anymore. I tightened my fist stopping myself from bursting again.
  I just hope I don't run into them for who knows what might happen if I couldn't control myself. Clint didn't say anything about what happened yesterday after I left. He probably doesn't wanna talk about it also. Making me even more guilty that he has to handle everything for me.
  My thoughts get a hold on me making me that I didn't even notice the large wall in front of me. Or so I thought
  I almost lost my balance but the large wall caught me before I even stumbled on the ground. I blink twice trying to make sure my eyes aren't playing with me.
  A smile automatically forms on his lips as I stare at the familiar person who helped me.
  &quot;Eliot?&quot;

###chapter 17 The Start
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;Eliot?&quot; He nodded his head, flashing me his bright smile. I immediately gave him a tight hug that he gladly replies.
  I didn't know that seeing familiar face will make me feel this better.
  &quot;And I miss you too Klaire&quot; he said while laughing. I let him go, so I could take a good look at him.
  He looked so much better than the last time I saw him. His hazel eyes beaming matching his brown hair that complement his tan skin. His physic is much bolder than before. Probably because of their last training.
  &quot;It's good to see you.&quot; I smiled, he always had this warmth within him like the bright light felt in the morning.
  &quot;How come he was the only one who receive a hug?&quot; Popping out of nowhere Noah stand between us. I smiled at him and pulled him into a hug.
  &quot;You finally grow up huh?&quot; Brushing his hair as I teased him. He was the youngest among us.
  &quot;Oh com'on that's the only thing you notice?&quot; I laugh at him and pretend I didn't notice how his build is much bigger than before. His toned muscle cannot be hide anymore by his shirt. His blue eyes shines like the deep ocean. I tried brushing his blonde hair again just to ruined it. But he immediately tilts his head to the other side.
  &quot;There's nothing much to see anyway.&quot; I mutter, he put his both hands on his chest pretending that he was hurt by what I said. We all burst out laughing. It's been so long since I laugh like this.
  How I wish this could last where I don't have to feel like my heart and soul is tearing apart. I push my thoughts away. I don't need to think about him or anything related to the both of them.
  I scanned my surroundings trying to find someone who is missing. How come I haven't seen him. The two notice me looking for him and they both stare behind my back. Until I heard footsteps from behind me. I turned around, seeing a tall figure marching towards me.
  His black hair still looks good as ever, black eyes piercing on mine like a black hole trying to draw me in. A smile form from his lips reflecting mine.
  He still hasn't change at all; you can feel his dominant aura making the people around him quiet as soon as he walks in. His deadly face is like there is a huge mark saying to not mess around with me kind of feeling. No wonder he was Clint's best friend.
  &quot;Yustef!&quot; He nodded his head as soon as he heard me his name.
  &quot;It's been a while.&quot; I mumbled, as I burry myself into his hug. Cowering away to my worries. His scent reminding me of the cold breeze of ocean night making me feel calm.
  &quot;Yeah.&quot; I smiled on how he still has this short response.
  &quot;What's wrong?&quot; He asks. I look up at his face, he was staring at me with those knowing eyes. This is what I don't like about him. It was too easy for him to read me.
  &quot;Nothing&quot; I whispered and bury my head in his chest. He stroked my hair and didn't say anything.
  A loud growl erupted in the air following the scent that made my whole world crumbled in pain and pleasure. My whole body froze not wanting to look where that growl came from.
  Yustef probably notice my stiffness. He stopped hugging me but didn't completely let me out of his grip, his hands move to my waist. Noticing why he did that I needed support because my legs feels like they lost all their strength to support me.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; He lowers his head to check on me and again the growl grows louder and more threatening but knowing Yustef, he didn't even bother and continue to check on me.
  &quot;Y-yeah.&quot; I whispered, I tried to stop myself from looking at his direction but my eyes automatically found its way to those green-blue eyes who is staring back at me with those painful expressions.
  Why is he acting like this again? The image of him kissing another girl and everything that happened between came like a flashing movies in my head.
  I tried to look away but my eyes lock at the hands who is holding him around his arms. I almost wanted to ripped them off. Getting a quick scan at the person who owns them. Mid-length red hair, small noise with freckles that complement her fair skin, chocolate brown eyes with her slim curvy body. She looked like a porcelain doll that could break any minute but she was giving you the urge to protect her from breaking. I hate to admit it but she was beautiful and looking at them they do fit each other.
  A shame of pain wash over me. Making me choke out of my breath. Like the stabbing pain that I let myself be killed over and over. I close my eyes trying to hide all my emotions that keeps my tears from bursting out. But it was really hard knowing the person in front of you causes you a whirlwind of emotions.
  &quot;Stop it Dwayne!&quot; I heard her mutter. She tried to get him to control and it work, she whispered something to his ear making him stop. His eyes immediately shifted to her. I can't see his expression but one thing I'm sure at whatever she said made him come back to his senses.
  My gaze stays at his back as he walks further away from me. Not even glancing back, he vanishes within my sight. My eyes stop at the chocolate brown eyes who is staring at me with a smirk on her face before running to where he went off.
  I immediately look away and just stared at my feet to avoid their piercing gaze. My tears wanted to crawl out of my eyes once more.
  &quot;Is that him?&quot; Knowing what he was pertaining to. I just nodded my head.
  Taking everything in Noah and Eliot rush towards me. They both stared at me not knowing what to say. Of course Clint probably end up telling them everything that happened.
  &quot;I'm gonna kill him.&quot; Noah muttered. I cannot believe what I just heard from him. Knowing him, he wasn't the violent type. He usually doesn't like fighting at all. He hated the idea of war and violence.
  I remember the trembling hands of the young Noah who is covered with blood.
  &quot;I'll assist you.&quot; Eliot added. The seriousness on his voice is evident that he was not joking. This is the second time that I heard Eliot say something about killing someone. He was the calm and rational one among them.
  &quot;I'll make sure that no one ever recognize him after I beat him up to death.&quot; Yustef mumbled. His face looks like he was ready to murder anyone that comes his way. I'm not surprised with his reaction.
  My eyes grow wide as they were about to follow them to wherever they both went to. How could they even say such things in a straight face? Before they could even take a step. Clint march towards us and alongside him is Alpha Brent and Luna Stella.
  &quot;Looks like I just got here in time.&quot; Clint said amused. While looking at the 3 towering people besides me.
  So that's why he just suddenly vanished earlier. He went to talk to Alpha and Luna.
  &quot;It's good to see you all.&quot; He mutters sarcastically.
  &quot;Shall we head inside?&quot; Brent suggested to lessen the heavy tension in the air. They probably heard the commotion earlier. It was no surprise with their kin ears.
  &quot;We better go inside to start the discussion.&quot; Clint added. Eyeing the three towering killers who are now on the verge of murdering anyone.
  I glance at Yustef, pleading him with my eyes to just let it go. He didn't say anything instead he started walking inside leaving us all behind. Sighing in relief I glance at Clint who is now heading inside the others followed.
  &quot;It's good to see you too.&quot; He mutters sarcastically.
  &quot;Com'on how could only Klaire have that welcoming feeling? I also haven't seen you for ages.&quot; He added with exaggeration. He continued to say something as they got inside.
  One again I glance back to where he vanishes and for the last time. I feel like my heart sinking into this empty pit of sadness with this unending pain.
  Letting everything sink in, I let out a heavy sigh. And headed inside where I belong. Seeing them right now reminded me of the reality the I keep running away from.
  The door opens and they are already seated in their own sits. Eyes on me as soon as I got inside. Three other unfamiliar faces were inside the room. They all look around the same age of Alpha Brent.
  I quickly went to my seat. Clint and Alpha Brent was standing in front. A smile plastered on Clint's face.
  &quot;Shall we start?&quot;

###chapter 18 In my mind
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  &quot;YOU WANT ME TO LET YOU IN?! BUT YOUR THE ONE WHO LEFT THE MOMENT YOU FOUND OUT THAT I WAS YOUR MATE! SO SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LEAVE ME ALONE!&quot; I was stunned by her statement. I wanted to comfort her. I wanted to wipe her tears and tell her that I won't go anywhere.
  I open my mouth but decided not to, she was right, it was my fault. I was the one who left her first. And there is no time that I didn't regret that.
  Now I can't do anything but watch her broke into pieces in front of me. She turned her back to me and started running away from me. I wanna chase after her but my body won't listen to me. I stood there frozen in my feet.
  Her brother glared at me if looks could kill I will be dead by now. I thought he will end up beating me but he stops in front of me.
  &quot;You better live her alone this time!&quot; He mutters, cursing under his breath before following where she vanishes.
  &quot;Son.&quot; My father whispered behind my back. He put his hand on my shoulder.
  I remain silent, I shoved his hand and walk my way out of that place. The sound of waves smashing the cliff reach my ears. I didn't even notice that my feet take me to the East Mansion. I was here again, I stared at the huge snow-white medieval-style castle mansion. I just stood there staring at it. I never even visit this place before but right now I always find myself coming here, where she was.
  I didn't even notice that I stay there staring at the Mansion for too long, until I heard some footsteps coming this way. I don't know why but I found myself hiding, not having the gut to talk to her even though I wanted to. For the first time I found myself afraid. Afraid that once I show up in front of her right now she would really despise me, or I'll see her shatter in pieces again because of my doing
  My wolf wanted to argue with me. He wanted to comfort her. I watch her walk as she made her way inside. My eyes observing her every move. She stopped for a second, which made my heart stop. I thought she notice I was here.
  A smile form on her lips, making me shiver down to my spine. As if she was thinking of something interesting? I don't know why but something about it is making me uncomfortable.
  As soon as she got inside. I decided to get out of here. I wanted to talk to her but right now is not a good time. I also need to fixed my thoughts. And the way she was hurting because of me, is eating me up
  My mother welcome me as soon as I got inside. She looked worried? She grabbed my hand as soon as she saw me walk inside the door. She guided me upstairs.
  &quot;Something happened to Sarah.&quot; She muttered worried. We entered her room, Clint was there with my father. Sarah was lying on her bed unconscious.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; They both look at me. Clint look pissed as he saw my face.
  &quot;I found her in the forest, she was unconscious.&quot; Clint mutter, I frowned at his statement not even sure if I should believe him. Knowing they were hiding so much from us.
  I was about to force him to tell me the details but my father bump in.
  &quot;We should go in my office and talk about what happened.&quot; Clint just nodded his head and went outside first.
  &quot;Stay here with her, you know how fragile that child is.&quot; My father said, reminding me of my responsibility to her.
  My mother glance back at me before following them outside.
  This is getting more frustrated! There are so much happening in just one day. I went beside Sarah. She had some small bruises on her arm but she is fine.
  Glancing at her sleeping demeanor. I didn't notice it earlier but she lost so much weight. Her face became paler, and her arms looks like she could break any minute
  Her condition worsens after his father's death then, the death of her mate made it worse. She was send to the White Moon Pack to get her better as an excuse of her training there.
  She looks weak, I stroke some hair away to her face and her eyes flinch. Brown eyes blinking as she tries to get her eyes adjusted to the light.
  &quot;Dwayne*sob*&quot; She started crying as soon as she saw me. I pulled me into a tight hug stroking her back.
  &quot;Shhhh you're okay now.&quot; I whispered, her sob continues.
  I waited for her to calm down and gave her a glass of water. I sat next to her, she put her head on my shoulder. Leaning at me for support
  &quot;Are you okay? What happened?&quot; I ask. She glanced at me, her eyes were on the verge of crying again.
  &quot;I don't know what happened, all I remember is the strong wind&quot; She mumbled and started crying again.
  &quot;I thought I was going to die.&quot; She added. Her eyes were staring blankly in the space. She looks frightened her whole body is trembling.
  I pulled her into a tight hug, wrapping her hand around she leans on my chest as she weeps.
  &quot;Shhh... Everything is okay now.&quot; I know I don't have the right to comfort anyone knowing my mate is hurting because of me.
  &quot;Please don't leave me alone, I'm afraid I don't wanna be alone.&quot; She mutters desperately gripping my shirt as she cries.
  &quot;I won't.&quot; I know I should say this to her but I cannot just abandon her, knowing I'm the one who took everything away from her.
  Her mother died giving birth to her, making her left with no one but his father. But his father died protecting me because of sudden attack when we were young. After that my family took her in and treated her as their own daughter. They even thought that she would be my mate. Then her mate appeared out of nowhere and there that incident happen. His mate died within my own hands.
  I gaze at her; she already fell asleep. I don't have any romantic feelings with her but my guilt is eating me. I'm hurting to important people in my life. I cannot help or comfort my own mate and that broke me into pieces.
  I walk to the veranda glancing back at Sarah who is now sleeping soundly. At least I did something good today? Or so I thought
  The next day, I was called early in the morning at my father's office. He was busy with some documents when I got inside.
  He glanced at my direction and stopped whatever he was doing. I sat at the chair next to his table
  His office is composed of large mahogany table with at least 12 seats, and his main table that sat at the center next to the large window. We only do some meetings here with Alpha's anyway.
  &quot;The Royalties will arrive today as well as the Alpha's &quot; he announces. His expression doesn't seem like he was liking that idea.
  &quot;Last night Clint mention about a traitor within each pack.&quot; I just remain silent, waiting for him to continue. I was not surprised by that news, that idea actually slip my mind a couple times after the incident yesterday. Someone is cleaning up the traces.
  &quot;They found out that the Rogues used an old passage that has not been used for ages.&quot; He added, while rubbing his temple.
  &quot;So what do you want me to do?&quot; He gazes at me; his expression is serious.
  &quot;I want you to investigate the passage with the Royalties. I don't know but something doesn't fit. And knowing that they hide too many things from us. We couldn't just trust them.&quot; So he also notices? I thought he was completely smitten by the Central Kingdom.
  &quot;I understand. Is that all?&quot; He just nodded his head indicating he was done talking to me. He continues glancing at the documents in front of him.
  Sarah was walking downstairs went I got outside my father's office. She hurriedly went to my direction. She recovered this morning but she still looks weak. She was wearing a pink sundress dress.
  &quot;Stop running.&quot; I reminded her, she went to my side and put her arms around my left arm.
  &quot;I miss you and you told me that you won't leave me! But when I woke up you were nowhere to be found.&quot; She pouted, and glance at me sadly. Her eyes were on the brink of crying.
  &quot;Silly, I'm not going anywhere.&quot; I patted her head, her eyes gleaming. She looked satisfied. We both head outside. And as soon as we step outside, I wanted to run back inside.
  There she was the only person who is always in my mind.

###chapter 19 Sarah
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I watched as Klaire laughed, this was the first time I saw her laugh. Her laugh was like music in my ears. I smiled bitterly knowing that I was not the cause of those laughs.
  &quot;They must be the Royals.&quot; Sarah mumbled beside me. I almost forgot about her.
  My eyes stayed on Klaire and watched her closely. The two guys besides her was without a doubt the Royals. The power radiating around them was not an ordinary one. You can feel the pressure coming from them.
  My eyes shifted at the tall figure who was heading in her direction. Her aura was much more than the other two. The pack members started walking away from them as it was starting to get hard to breathe.
  Klaire's eyes automatically gleamed as soon as their eyes met. She wrapped her arms around him, which made me growl. I didn't plan that but my wolf didn't like what he was seeing. The feeling of jealousy and our possessive nature were eating me.
  All eyes snap in our direction, even her. She stared at me blankly. then turned her attention back to that dark hair bastard. Another growl escaped from my throat, which was more threatening than the one earlier.
  The black hair bastard didn't even move and continue to cling on my mate.
  &quot;Stop it Dwayne!&quot; Sarah said and you can hear the irritation on her voice.
  &quot;Are you going to abandon me again? After you took everything away from me?&quot; She mumbled angrily, her eyes teary. The night when I took her mate away from her flashback. How she became nothing but a broken doll after that incident.
  I didn't say anything and turn my back away from the person that I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. I'm sorry.
  The guilt of everything I've done was so overbearing. I cursed underneath my breath! Just what the fuck are you planning to do Dwayne?!
  Sarah's footsteps followed from my behind.
  &quot;Wait for me!&quot; Sarah hissed. I stopped for a moment to wait for her, she wrapped her arms around me but I pulled away.
  I didn't want Sarah to get the wrong idea again. She stops walking, I glanced back at her.
  &quot;You know, I can't stay with you like before,&quot; I said, Sarah's expression automatically changing. She was angry, her eyes started turning black.
  &quot;No! You promised me, Dwayne! You promised me!&quot; She shouted.
  &quot;Sarah, I will still stay by your side,&quot; I added. She started shaking her head while glaring at me.
  &quot;NO! WE ARE GOING TO BE A FAMILY!&quot; After that, she shifted to her wolf. She jumps over me and head to the forest.
  Not letting me say any word she vanished within my sight.
  I stayed there, not knowing what to do. Contemplating to it I decided to follow Sarah. I shifted to my wolf, I need to make things clear with her. After I was done with the matter regarding Sarah. I will then go to my mate and tell her how I really feel.
  Tracking Sarah won't be hard. I know too well where she will be heading. The sound of the river stream reaches my ears. I head straight to where the waterfall is, there is a hidden cave just underneath it. This is where we usually go when we were young with Zion. We always go there whenever we wanted to ran away from training. Or just to hide from anyone.
  The smell of blood welcomes me as soon as I got inside the cave. I shifted to my human form.
  &quot;Sarah?&quot; There she was sitting on the flow naked, her sobs echoed. She glances at me when she heard my voice. Her eyes were staring at me blankly, tears streaming down her cheeks.
  Her hands are covered with blood. My eyes went wide as she started scratching her chest. She was shaking her head hard, mumbling something underneath her breath. She did it again.
  I run to her and grabbed both her hand to stop her from scratching herself. She was struggling trying to get her hands away from me.
  &quot;Let me go! No one wants me! I'm all alone!&quot; She mumbled and started sobbing hard.
  She burry her head on my chest. I freed her hand and she started hitting me. Yes! Just hurt me. I deserve it! It was all my fault that you were like this.
  &quot;Y-you promised me you promised *sob*&quot; I didn't answer her. I don't have the right to even say anything to her. It was all my fault. I started stroking her hair trying to calm her down.
  The same thing happened before. She was also like this after his father died because of me. I went to visit her because she wasn't eating at all. All she does was cry and cry. She lost so much weight that time. She was around 8 yrs old at that time.
  I remember how her little cry woke me every night. Whenever she had nightmares. I always blame myself because she became like that because of me. Since then I started visiting her every day trying to make her eat something. Her small hands even tremble as she lifts her spoon. I started feeding her also and eventually she started smiling again.
  But as soon as we reach our incoming of age. I took something precious to her again. She was once again back to that same state; she wouldn't even talk that time. Once again I took the responsibility of her. I promise to take care of her and fill in the people she lost because of me. I promise to be her family that time and make that possible. I promise to make her be my Luna. Which I totally regret now. I shouldn't have just made that promise at all.
  She fell asleep in my arms, I grabbed some blanket that we stuck before whenever we come here. I wrapped it around her naked body. I also took some shorts and slip on it.
  &quot;Dwayne, don't leave me please&quot; she mumbled as she sleeps.
  &quot;I'm sorry,&quot; I whispered before I lift her up and carry her, her wounds in her chest weren't deep. I came just in time before she could even do worse to herself.
  I didn't notice that we stayed there too long. When we reach the Packhouse everyone is already busy. I went straight to the clinic to get her wounds treated.
  I put Sarah slowly in one of the beds, the Doctor went to her and started treating her
  When I turned around, my heart stopped. Klaire was lying on one of the beds. She was unconscious. I walk beside her not knowing what to do. I stop myself from touching because I was afraid I wouldn't be able to control myself.
  My head snap at the Dante, he was one of the Pack Doctor. He probably has the idea of what I wanted to know.
  &quot;I'm sorry, but I have no idea what happened to her. They just took her in saying she just lost consciousness all of a sudden.&quot; Once again I glance at her sleeping face. She looks peaceful while she sleeps.
  &quot;Is she okay?&quot; My heart is beating so fast. I won't ever forgive myself if something happens to her.
  &quot;I found nothing when I check her earlier. She was just sleeping.&quot; I let out the breath that I didn't notice I was holding.
  &quot;Here wear this.&quot; He throws a polo shirt on me and I slip on it.
  I glance back at Klaire and hold her hand, pulling it close to my lips. This is the only thing I could do for now.
  &quot;What happened to her?&quot; He asks motioning to where Sarah is. I totally forgot about her.
  &quot;She scratches herself.&quot; He stared between Klaire and Sarah. He probably knows the story already.
  &quot;Good thing she didn't scratch herself deeper. Because by the look of it she was aiming for her heart.&quot; He added, giving me a knowing look. After he was done he went straight outside saying he have to grab some supplies.
  Zion entered the clinic panting.
  &quot;Where have you been? Wait, what happened to Sarah?&quot; He went straight beside Sarah.
  He probably didn't know, but I know too well that the way he looks at her is more than just an ordinary friend. I notice the way he always put Sarah first before everything. If only he could be his mate.
  &quot;What did you do this time Dwayne?&quot; His eyes accused me. Well, he wasn't wrong anyway.
  &quot;I told her I can't stay with her anymore.&quot; A loud tug, as he pinned me on the wall. I didn't move and let him do whatever he wants.
  &quot;You know how fragile she was!&quot; He mutters, gritting his teeth. He ends up punching the walk next to my face. I know he wanted to punch me right now.
  He cursed underneath his breath and took a step back. Freeing me from his grip.
  &quot;Just stay with her Dwayne, until she fully recovers.&quot; He said after he became calmer.
  &quot;After all, you took everything away from her.&quot; He added before turning his back on me.

###chapter 20 That place
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;Shall we start?&quot;
  Everyone nodded their head. Clint circled the area where we found the passage around the Cliff.
  &quot;This is the passage that the Rogues used to get inside without being traced,&quot; Clint mumbled. The commotion started, not believing that some Rogues know that passage.
  &quot;We haven't used that for ages and no one know that passage except for the higher officials,&quot; Arthur said, the Alpha of the South Lake. He somehow had a resemblance with his son Rion.
  They all became silent for a moment.
  &quot;There was a traitor,&quot; Brent announced. They all look surprised by the sudden news. Did they trust their officials that much?
  &quot;What do you mean, Alpha Brent.&quot; The one with the long hair asks. He was Gregory if I remember it right, the Alpha of the White Moon. He doesn't look pleased by what he heard.
  &quot;What I mean is someone within the Four Factions betrayed us. &quot; 
  They all remain quiet, not knowing what to say.
  &quot;It all makes sense, but how are we going to identify the traitor?&quot; The Alpha of the Golden Arid said. His name was Timothy if I'm not mistaken.
  &quot;We already set up some traps,&quot; Clint said. Their eyes focus on him, not even Alpha Brent knows this.
  &quot;How could we trust someone who belongs to the unknown Clan?&quot; Arthur hissed.
  &quot;Wanna find out?&quot; Clint utter, challenging the Alpha. He stood on his chair not liking the insult.
  &quot;Gentleman please, we are here to start a treaty, not another war.&quot; Brent tried to calm both of them.
  &quot;How could I trust them when they even brought a human with them!&quot; 
  Eliot, Noah, and Yustef stood on their sits. Glaring at Alpha Arthur who just insulted me. The atmosphere became heavier.
  &quot;I wouldn't say that if I were you,&quot; Yustef warned, taking a step closer to Arthur who is about to shift into his wolf.
  &quot;And if I did? He was just a human!&quot;
  I know why he was angry at me. His mate was killed by hunters. Since then their pack despises humans.
  &quot;Don't say I didn't warn you,&quot; Yustef mumbled after he throw a punch at Arthur. It was too fast that I was surprised myself.
  Arthur crash at the table, breaking it as he lands. His eyes turn black completely followed by the snapping of bones.
  Clint just watches them both not even trying to stop them. I waited for him to look at me, so I could tell him to stop the fight but he was avoiding my gaze. He was also pissed that's for sure.
  Arthur shifted into his big brown grayish wolf. Teeth snarling at Yustef, the other Alpha remain silent and just stood there watching them. They even look excited at the fight.
  Eliot and Noah also just watch them. They look satisfied with what Yustef did. Alpha Brent just let out a sigh. Probably giving up... and went next to his Luna.
  Yustef just remains standing waiting for Arthur to attack. He growls at him showing his sharp teeth. Yustef didn't even flinch. Knowing him? That wouldn't be enough to intimidate him.
  He was the strongest among the four of them, not even Clint can stand against him. I remember their last fight if I didn't stop them Clint will probably end up dying.
  Arthur jump in the air trying to get on top of Yustef. He caught just in time gripping his hands on Arthur's belly. Exposing his vulnerable side. Arthur whimpers, trying to scratch Yustef.
  The smell of blood reaches my nostrils; I suddenly feel dizzy. I hold onto the door trying to keep myself in place.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; my eyes scan the room trying to locate where that voice came from.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; the noise coming from their fight is making it harder for me to know who is calling me.
  I tried to focus on the unfamiliar voice but the noise is getting in my way. And why do I feel so light-headed?
  &quot;THAT IS ENOUGH!&quot; I suddenly shouted the room became silent. I put my hand on my head it was starting to hurt even more. 
  Why is the room spinning? 
  I stared at Clint who is running towards me. And the next thing I know everything went black.
  ******
  I woke up in a dark damp place. It was cold out here. 
  Where am I? 
  I scanned where I am, trying to find something that may help me know where I am. I found nothing, it was complete darkness.
  &quot;Clint? Eliot? Yustef? Noah?&quot; I continue walking further and still nothing. I can't even see anything but pitch black. It was frightening yet familiar?
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; 
  I look at my shoulder and found no one. That voice again.
  &quot;Who are you?&quot; I shouted, my voice echoing. No one answered.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; 
  I turned around and found nothing again.
  &quot;Who are you? Show yourself!&quot; No one answered again, all I can hear is my footsteps.
  I still continue walking to the unknown, hoping that by the end of it I might find the way out. It felt like hours already and it was still nothing, not even a glimpse of light.
  ******
  I cover my eyes with my hand, blinking until my eyes adjusted to the light. Staring at the brown wooden ceiling I guess I wasn't in my room.
  &quot;Hey, take it slowly.&quot; Noah stop me from standing up. 
  I scan the room and it was just the two of us here.
  &quot;Where am I?&quot; 
  The door opens, Clint walks in followed by Eliot and Yustef.
  &quot;In my room.&quot; Yustef matter, sitting next to my bed. Clint went to my other side.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I asked, and I saw them all stared at each other.
  &quot;We also want to know that.&quot; Clint mutter while staring so serious at me.
  &quot;I don't know? The last thing I remember is watching you fight the Alpha of the South Lake.&quot; I mutter pointing at Yustef. 
  My head is starting to hurt again. Trying to remember what happened before I woke up. I remember someone is calling me
  &quot;Klaire?&quot; Clint came forward to check my forehead.
  &quot;I'm okay Clint.&quot; I mutter, he hands me the glass of water on the side table. I drank it at once.
  &quot;You were unconscious for 3 days,&quot; Yustef mumbled making my eyes wide. 
  Did he just say 3 days?
  &quot;We transfer you here after you didn't wake up. The pack doctor was against it but we can't just leave you in that clinic&quot; 
  I didn't hear what Yustef said on the last part but he looked pissed.
  &quot;How did that happen?&quot; No wonder I feel so thirsty when I woke up.
  &quot;We don't know; I just saw you falling on the ground. Good thing I caught you just before anything worse happen to you.&quot; Clint mumbled.
  They all stood in front of me. Did something happen to them that I didn't know?
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I narrow my eyes at them.
  &quot;We found him.&quot;
  My hands stop mid-air as I was about to put the glass of water on the side table. I didn't say anything and just waited for them to continue.
  &quot;We found the place but he was already gone before we got there,&quot; Noah added. He looks hesitant to continue what he was about to say.
  So he was gone again. After all this year of tracking him. He still got away again.
  &quot;He was still continuing his experiments.&quot; Noah continues, looking down his hands.
  I clench my fist, just knowing his still freely roaming around was enough for me to make me shiver.
  I bit my lower lip, I didn't know I was biting it hard until I taste my blood.
  &quot;The last traces we found, he was heading to the North. That was also the reason why we arrived earlier than expected.&quot; Eliot explained.
  &quot;And once we receive the news that you were attacked twice during your time here, just confirmed our assumption,&quot; Eliot added. He let out a deep sigh.
  They all came here in a hurry because of me.
  &quot;We won't let him get near you.&quot; Yustef hissed, gritting his teeth.
  I grab his hand to calm him down. He closes his eyes as soon as our skin touches. We are all connected anyway...
  &quot;We will stop him!&quot; Noah utter.
  I smiled at him. Oh, my little brother is all grown up.
  &quot;Shall we all eat? I'm hungry.&quot; I mumbled, trying to change the subject and get the atmosphere a little lighter.
  They all agreed and went out first. I told them I will follow in a minute after I took a quick shower.
  The tears that I was holding up started streaming down my face. I hug myself, my whole body is trembling.
  I remember his last words to me. 
  'You won't get away from me. I will get you back.' 
  I shake my head trying to erase that thought away. But his sinister voice keeps whispering in my head.
  I will never forget those words and that place... and how his red eyes stared at me with nothing but hatred

###chapter 21 Staring
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  It's been three days already. I heard my mate is still unconscious. The memory of what happened at the clinic that day. It's making me feel even worst.
  ******
  After Zion left, His words stuck in my head. I took everything away from Sarah...
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; I don't know who am I apologizing to.
  I stayed by Klaire's side this might be my only chance to stay beside her. She looks so peaceful while she sleeps. I pulled her hand on my lips and kiss it.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; I whispered again. I still don't have any idea about what happened to her. Derek also has no idea about what happened inside the office. They just told him that she just fainted.
  I need to ask my father about the details later. I didn't notice that Sarah woke up.
  &quot;Ugh...&quot; Sarah mumbled, trying to scan the room.
  I quickly stood up to assist her, but I stop once I notice Klaire was gripping my hand. A smile form on my lips. How I wish she would do the same once she regains consciousness.
  I gaze at my hand which is being held tight by Klaire's hand then back to Sarah who is now fully awake. She sat down on the bed frowning, holding her head. I don't know what to do and just end up watching her. She scans the room, eyes wide by my presence.
  &quot;Dwayne!&quot; She exclaimed, jumping off the bed towards me. She stops mid-way when she notices who is lying beside me. Her eyes landed on me or in our hands rather. Her expression automatically changes.
  &quot;W-why?&quot; She mutters her voice being angry. Her eyes started tearing up. She looks so pitiful and desperate.
  I just stood there frozen unable to decide what to do. Zion's voice echoed in my head &quot;you took everything away from her.&quot; Those words stabbed me a thousand times.
  Closing my eyes, I let go of Klaire's hand and did the only right thing that I thought of. I immediately ran to Sarah. After all, Sarah needs me more than anyone else
  I don't know what emotions I should feel, all I know is, I am angry and fearful, and perhaps it can be tuned out to something like being disgusted with my whole existence.
  After that day, Sarah never left my side, she started to act normal again and she's back to her cheerful side. Zion didn't talk to me after that. He just looks pleased that Sarah is okay now. But every time I caught him staring at Sarah and he immediately looked away. He hasn't found his mate yet. And I hope he wouldn't do the same thing I did.
  He was in love with Sarah, but I just didn't know how long it would last. Because once his mate appeared. Those emotions would crumble.
  Every time I find a chance to go to the east mansion to visit my mate. I will always end up with seeing that bastard's face. That eyesore is really getting his way and this time another three eyesores were added to my list. I brush my hair out of frustration and let out a heavy sigh.
  &quot;Dwayne, are you listening?&quot;
  I stared at my mom who was now calling my attention. She shook her head when she noticed that I had no idea what she was talking about. I looked at her with confusion.
  &quot;Your presence will be needed tomorrow. The passing of title will begin by the end of the month, the day of the new moon.&quot; She continues.
  I totally forgot about it after everything that happened. So I was really going to be the Alpha, my wolf wiggled his tails with pride. He was excited about the new authority that will pass down on us.
  Mom sat down on her chair and motioned me to follow her and sat on the chair across her.
  &quot;Son, I know you are having these mixed emotions right now. But I have to remind you to do your part as the future Alpha and your father also have a hard time already because of the sudden events.&quot;
  I gritted my teeth at the memory of those sudden attacks.
  I didn't answer her because I knew she was right. She reached for my hand and gave it a slight squeeze. Now that I looked at her, the dark circles under her eyes showed that she wasn't getting enough sleep.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I ask. I know she didn't just call me here to tell me about the passing of the title.
  She averted my eyes. She wasn't telling me something, and I was right. She sighed and stared at me in the eyes, whenever she did this, it would be a serious matter.
  &quot;You have to take Sarah as your Luna.&quot;
  I took my hand away but she tightened her grip.
  &quot;Are you seriously, right now?!&quot; I asked again not believing what I just heard from her.
  &quot;You rejected your mate, Dwayne! And Sarah you have to take responsibility for her!&quot; She added contemplating whether she should continue or not.
  I already knew what she would say anyway. I wanted to protest but I decided to remain silent.
  &quot;Oh no! Dwayne, this is a huge disaster for us.&quot; My wolf may feel angry and hurt right now but still obeyed his Luna. He slowly buries himself into the back of my head.
  &quot;Please understand Dwayne.&quot; She muttered, trying to reach my hand but I pulled my hand away.
  I remained silent...My mon dismissed me after the long silence.
  Sarah was waiting for me outside when I got out. She looks happy about something. Her face turned confused when she noticed my expression.
  &quot;What happened?&quot;
  I didn't answer her, turning my back to head upstairs. I heard her calling my name but I didn't bother her call.
  I lock myself in my room. And started throwing things around. All the things that caught my eyes end up crashing on the walls. I thought I could still fix everything after I get my issue with Sarah, I thought I could at least try to chase Klaire back.
  My tears run down my cheeks, all my hopes shattered to pieces... Is this the sentence for my sins? For rejecting my mate?
  The next day...
  &quot;Dwayne get up!&quot; Sarah hissed, trying to make me get out of my bed. She burst into my room early in the morning just to wake me up.
  &quot;I'm not going.&quot; I turned my back on her trying to get myself back to sleep. She was here for the arrangements of my succession.
  Everyone was making a fuss about it already and I found I was not interested.
  &quot;Oh come on! You know you will end up doing it anyway!&quot; She exclaimed.
  They probably told her that she will also stand next to me as my Luna.
  I still haven't fully decided about that matter, because after that ceremony I will have to mark her, which will cause the bond between Klaire and me to fully weakened.
  I bit my lower lip at that thought, if have the same effect on Klaire will just make everything more impossible for us.
  &quot;Dwayne! Are you listening???&quot;
  I pulled a pillow up to my ear, Sarah pulled it away. Hearing a faint thud as it hits the wall.
  &quot;What is wrong with you! Are you going to really let me be mateless?!&quot; She mumbled.
  I opened my eyes and looked at her. She was about to cry again.
  &quot;Okay, I will go. I'll be downstairs in a minute.&quot;
  Sarah's face glows up and her arms wraps around me before heading to the door.
  &quot;I will wait for you downstairs. I love you!&quot; Sarah utters before vanishing to the door.
  I let out a heavy breath and lay down on my bed. My eyes drifted to the only painting intact in my room. I left it there because it was a painting of thunder cloud, but what keeps me to leave it is the color of it, blue with a mixture of gray, reminding me of Klaire's eyes.
  I still heard nothing about her, it was already 5 days since I last heard something about her. And that was still back in the clinic.
  &quot;DWAYNE I'LL COME BACK THERE IF YOU WON'T START MOVING!&quot; I heard Sarah shout.
  My room is still a complete mess. All the new furniture is completely destroyed.
  Grabbing the towel on the stool I head to my bathroom to take a shower. I remember I still have some matters to talk about my father.
  After I'm done, I went downstairs where Sarah was waiting with Zion. I hadn't seen him also in a while. They both notice my presence. Sarah waved at me, while Zion stood there awkwardly.
  &quot;Finally.&quot; Sarah looks relieved. 
  She wrapped her arms around mine. Zion averted his gaze.
  &quot;It's been a while,&quot; I mutter keeping my eyes on Zion.
  He scratches his head and we both started laughing.
  &quot;Yeah, good to see you get up on your feet.&quot; Zion said, trying to light up the mood around us. Sarah stared at us confused.
  &quot;Geez! Do that later. Let's go, Dwayne!&quot; She started pulling my hand, Zion just nodded his head.
  Sarah stopped all of a sudden, I stopped also to see what Sarah was staring at. My heart started beating fast...
  Blue-gray eyes staring right back at me...

###chapter 22 The Ship
  Klaire's P.O.V
  Half an hour ago.
  &quot;Klaire are you done?&quot; Yustef called.
  I pulled my hair into a ponytail. Looking myself in the mirror, I look pretty decent compare to yesterday.
  Clint was busy with something, which left our four to start our own observation. Yustef, Eliot, and Noah started investigating the other Faction on the days I remain unconscious.
  Yustef noticed a movement from the White Moon Pack, he found a ship just around the nearby coastline and it wasn't even reported during the following meetings.
  We already had our own suspicion and decided to go and check what was on that ship.
  I headed downstairs, they were already completed when I got there. Their heads turned in my direction as I walked down.
  &quot;Pretty slow aren't we?&quot; Noah teased, I rolled my eyes at him. Clint was nowhere to be found.
  &quot;Where is Clint?&quot; This was the first time that he went somewhere without telling me.
  &quot;He already went to the packhouse.&quot; Eliot answered. I narrowed my eyebrow at them. Something was fishy around here.
  &quot;Are you sure, you wanna come with us?&quot; Noah ask.
  This was the fifth time that he asked the same thing. When he heard that I was going with them this time. They all reacted weirdly.
  &quot;For the fifth time Noah, I'm okay.&quot; 
  He was still about to argue but I started walking.
  They all followed not long after. They remained silent the whole time when we were walking, which was kinda weird? Especially Noah, he was the one who can't keep his mouth shut.
  As we get near the packhouse, they all started acting weirder?
  &quot;Are you sure about this?&quot; Noah asks again.
  I stop and glared at him. &quot;If you ask that again, I will smack you in the head.&quot; I mutter. They all started looking at each other then they all let out a sigh.
  As I was about to ask them what was going on. Rion called for me, he was walking in our direction.
  &quot;I thought I won't be able to see you again.&quot; Rion said, and he was with Lindon, his beta. Lindon's wounds were already healed this time.
  &quot;Yeah, it's been a while.&quot; I mutter awkwardly. He was one of the people who witness what happened last time.
  &quot;By the way, I'm really sorry about my father. I heard you fainted because of him.&quot; Rion added with feeling guilty.
  Noah cleared his throat. I almost forgot about them. I rolled my eyes at them. They looked like they wanted to crawl their claws out.
  Rion looked at their direction with wide eyes and his cheeks started to flustered.
  Did Rion really didn't saw them?
  &quot;I apologize about that, let me introduce myself. I'm Rion Alterez, the next Alpha of South Lake.&quot;
  All their expression turn sour. It's not like they were friendly with the son of the Alpha who insulted me last time. They were just being nice.
  &quot;This is quite new. The pup of the South Lake is being friendly with a human.&quot; Noah muttered. I noted the sarcasm in his voice, so I glared at him, motioning for him to stop.
  &quot;About that, I deeply apologize for my Father.&quot; Rion muttered. Lindon was starting to feel a little uneasy with the staring game happening here.
  &quot;Tsk.&quot; That was the only thing Noah said and he started walking first. Yustef followed, Eliot remain beside me.
  Guarding, Eliot probably stayed because he didn't want me to stay alone with Rion and Lindon.
  &quot;Sorry about that.&quot; I muttered, Rion shake his head and gave me his million-dollar smile.
  &quot;It's nothing, I should be the one apologizing.&quot; Rion said smiling at me.
  He looked harmless, but that was also the reason why I felt like I had to stay alert around him.
  Rion's face suddenly brightened up as something came to his mind.
  &quot;Now that I remember, I still don't know your name. At least you could tell me your name after I let you sleep on my bed.&quot;
  Lindon and Eliot started coughing.
  &quot;Sleep on whose bed?&quot; Eliot muttered, trying to confirm if he heard it right. Eliot's eyes stayed on me. I shook my head at their thoughts.
  &quot;It wasn't like that, he found me on the forest and I fell asleep. He took me in his room because he didn't know where he should take me.&quot; I finished the story in one snap, not wanting for them to misunderstand any further.
  &quot;Nothing happened, I don't plan on doing anything to her...&quot; Rion mumbled something but I didn't hear it.
  &quot;Rion, we need to go. You are needed for the preparation of the succession.&quot; Lindon reminded him, I can still feel Lindon's dislike around me and I can't blame him for that.
  &quot;Now that you mentioned it, have you heard that the next Alphas will be having their succession by the end of the Month. I heard they will also declare their Luna by that time.&quot;
  My eyes shifted to Eliot who looked away. So, this was the reason why they were acting like they didn't want me to come with them.
  &quot;We better get going too. Let's go Klaire.&quot; Eliot pulled my hand, I followed him quietly. No one said anything, we both remain silent on our way to the packhouse.
  Yustef and Noah was waiting for us at the entrance. I pulled my hands away from Eliot's hold. Still processing on what I just heard, I suddenly feel suffocated. I continue walking, leaving them behind.
  I froze on my track when I heard Dwayne's name. And he was standing next to the girl in the forest. I wanted to look away but my body won't let me do it. My eyes glued on his, our staring game felt like hours until the girl next to him tucked his elbow on him.
  &quot;We need to go, Dwayne.&quot;
  His eyes drifted on that girl and just nodded his head.
  I remain there watching them pull away. That girl's hands travel to his, they walk holding each other's hand. I can feel my eyes starting to water.
  Someone cover my eyes with his hand.
  &quot;Don't look.&quot; Yus' cold husky voice whispered in my ears. I can feel his presence on my behind.
  &quot;Yus.&quot; His name was the only thing I could utter and my tears betrayed me again. He pulled me into his arms and let me cry in there.
  He didn't say anything and let me cry there in silence. After I calm myself, I let him go. His shirt is soaking wet because of my tears.
  Noah and Eliot stay a few feet away from us. They both look guilty and worried at the same time.
  &quot;I'm sorry, we didn't tell you anything about it.&quot; Noah said, his eyes remaining on his feet.
  &quot;It wasn't your fault.&quot; I mutter, feeling embarrassed that I'm still acting like this.
  &quot;And it wasn't your fault also.&quot; Yustef muttered, he clenched his hands. He looked angry.
  &quot;Yes, it wasn't your fault.&quot; Eliot agreed, he patted my head.
  I smile a little by their actions, I'm really glad that they are here with me. I somehow don't feel that alone.
  &quot;Let's go.&quot; I stop them using my hand when they were about to say something.
  &quot;Just make sure you will stay next to us. No funny business.&quot; Yustef said seriously.
  I nodded my head, they kept reminding me about the whole plan last night.
  And now I think I remember, they choose this day because they know the whole Factions would be busy because of the succession. They will start passing their titles during the New Moon.
  Why did I forget about it?
  &quot;Klaire, are you listening?&quot; Eliot ask.
  I just nodded my head. I didn't even hear anything they were saying earlier.
  &quot;You will stay with Noah, watching out for anyone who might come.&quot; Eliot added.
  Yustef took out a piece of paper on his pocket. He showed it to me, the layout of the ship. It was a three-level ship. We will enter the deck. Yustef and Eliot will head at the lower level of the ship. We have a guess that this was the exact ship that those rogues used.
  We arrived at the location of the ship and it was quiet. I can see some guards who are guarding the ship. One in the top deck and two on the port. Yustef head out first, we conceal our presence, making it hard for them to even notice us. Eliot followed after Yustef, and motioned it is clear.
  I and Noah follow them on behind. The Ship is a lot bigger than I expected. Yustef had already knocked down the 2 guards on the port. He pulled them on the side, they look like they are just sleeping.
  He told us to follow him and we did it quietly. They could just knock them out in one snap if they really wanted to but we need to stay low this time. We heard some footsteps coming our way, making us head back from where we were hiding earlier.
  They were holding some boxes that came from the ship. What was inside those boxes? We will find out soon.
  &quot;Let's go.&quot;

###chapter 23 Red flower
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;Let's go.&quot;
  Yustef mutter as soon as they got out of our sight. He jumped into the second level of the deck. Once the coast is clear, Eliot followed, the second level is quite high but what do you expect from this three.
  Noah and I used the entrance, we really just walk in inside like we own the place. The inside is full of boxes; we need to get upstairs to get some data that we could find. Noah started opening the boxes, he stopped once he finally saw what was inside. It was full of flowers, Red Spider Lily...
  &quot;Flowers?&quot; I hold out one. It is an eye-catching, coral red flower with a golden sheen that is adorned with elegant curl petals and exceptionally long stamens.
  Noah open another box and it was also full of flowers. Did we just do all this trouble just for a ship full of flowers? They probably will use these flowers during the succession.
  Yustef and Eliot appear out of nowhere with the same expression as us. They also look confused. My eyes stared at Yustef who was investigating this.
  &quot;Something doesn't make sense.&quot; Yustef muttered.
  &quot;Someone did come here before us and change the ship.&quot; Yustef continues, his eyes staying on the boxes.
  &quot;The scent of the ship is different from the previous one.&quot; Yustef added.
  We all stared at the boxes full of flowers silently. It only means someone is also watching our every move, they probably found out our movements, but how? In the end, we found nothing, not even a trace that Rogues used this ship.
  &quot;Let's go first and discuss this later. Someone is already coming.&quot; Eliot said, we all agreed to it and decided to go back.
  As we arrive, Clint was already there. He probably knew what happened already.
  &quot;We found nothing.&quot; Noah uttered as we got inside. Clint didn't even look surprised by the result.
  &quot;I figure, they are quite smarter than I thoughts,&quot; Clint said, he took a sip from the glass of his wine. Yustef also pours himself a glass of wine.
  &quot;I almost caught a rat roaming around here earlier. The rat jumps off the cliff as soon as I notice his presence.&quot; Clint went to the window that showed the cliff.
  &quot;I didn't even notice he was around if not because of his carelessness. That rat also has the same...&quot; Clint stopped and turned to face us.
  We already know what he was talking about.
  Clint walks to me and cups my cheeks. I close my eyes as he continues to do so.
  &quot;We will protect you.&quot; He muttered, I opened my eyes and gave him an encouraging smile to hide the fact that I was afraid of the possibilities.
  &quot;We won't be able to hide you anymore.&quot; Clint stared at me, concern in his eyes.
  That statement made me stiff. Looks like, we won't have any other choice. I can feel my heart beating fast, blinking away all my worries I nodded my head.
  &quot;After the succession, we will tell them everything,&quot; Clint announced.
  &quot;What about the traitor?&quot; Eliot asks, he doesn't seem to like the idea.
  &quot;It will help us to get less wary. Also, the traitor will probably keep us more in check.&quot; 
  Well, Clint was right. If they keep their tabs on us, then we could do something to identify who is behind them.
  We already knew someone from the faction is a traitor, and we were quite sure that it was a high rank one. It could even be one of the Alphas.
  &quot;Before that, did you find anything interesting in the passage?&quot; Clint was directing the question to Noah. 
  They already check first the passage yesterday, not letting other packs check it before them.
  &quot;We found nothing except for this.&quot; Noah showed us a necklace that he took out of his pocket. It has the markings of the South Lake Pack. Bloodstains are still visible.
  &quot;It probably belongs to one of the pack members who went missing after the last attack,&quot; I mumbled, remembering what happened that time.
  &quot;I thought so too. But something is questionable. There aren't even traces of a large amount of blood that indicates they used that passage to drag them down.&quot; Eliot utter.
  &quot;There is only one way to find out,&quot; Eliot added and took the necklace from Noah. Eliot closed his eyes, and once he opened, his eyes were glowing. He has the ability of vision, whenever he holds something. He can already see what happened to the person who owns the thing he was holding.
  &quot;I can't see anything; it was just shadows. I can hear the voices and growling of wolves.&quot; Eliot closes his eyes again, returning to normal.
  &quot;Someone is blocking me.&quot; Eliot utter. He put his hands on his head trying to massage his forehead. &quot;Those shadows are the same thing that attack us before.&quot;
  Clint remains silent as well as Yustef.
  &quot;We also did encounter them during on our way here. They sure do want to stop us but not to the extent of killing us.&quot; Yustef said while staring at the window. His hands clenched his shirt.
  Someone is playing with us, and we are being played.
  Now that I remember, I haven't seen any of their cars since they arrived. Meaning they rush here on their paws.
  After our talk, I finally end up staying in my room. They even don't want me to stay in my room after the incident before. There are so many things that happened in my short stay here. Twisting every inch of me, it was suffocating.
  I went outside to get some fresh air, and to get my thoughts straight. Everything became blurry since I came here.
  Clint's words stuck in my head, after the succession, everything would be revealed. My stomach was starting to turn just by thinking about their reactions...
  I stared at my reflection on the water in the fountain. The moon shined just above me. My hair was swinging as the air blows, which was calming. I closed my eyes trying to feel this period of time.
  My eyes snap opened when I heard some tree branches breaking. Looking at the direction where the sound came from...
  I found Yustef there standing just a few feet away from me. He was holding a bottle of wine in his left hand and two glasses on his right.
  &quot;I figure that you will be here.&quot;
  I smile at his thoughtfulness. He gave me the glasses and pour me a glass of wine.
  &quot;It's been a while since we last did this.&quot; Yustef smiled at the memory.
  &quot;Yeah, it's been a while.&quot; I agreed.
  Back then, we always end up staying up all night because we can't sleep. The nightmare that we've been through is still hunting us during that time. We will sneak out to the garden and stay in the fountain at the center of the maze-like garden.
  &quot;Do you still have nightmares?&quot; I blurted out, the wine is probably kicking in.
  He was stop for a while to think and nodded at the end.
  &quot;I always end up waking up in the middle of the night feeling like everything is still happening before my eyes.&quot;
  I knew what he meant by that. The hell-like experience was something we couldn't easily forget.
  &quot;But it wasn't that bad anymore like before.&quot; He added.
  I didn't say anything. I know he was lying and just want to make me feel a little bit better.
  We both remain silent after that and stare at the sky above us. I pulled my knees closer to my chest hugging myself.
  &quot;Let's go inside, it is starting to get colder here.&quot; He suggested, I narrow my brow at him.
  &quot;Werewolves aren't supposed to feel cold because of their body temperature,&quot; I said. He just shook his head and patted my head.
  &quot;Well, you aren't one, so get inside already. We don't want you to end up with getting a cold, do we?&quot;
  I just rolled my eyes at Yustef. He should know better than anyone that the cold is nothing to me.
  &quot;Okay, I'm going inside,&quot; I mutter laughing. Sometimes I don't know what they see me as. They even treat me like a child sometimes.
  Clint was still awake when I went inside. He was holding some documents in his hands.
  &quot;For the succession?&quot; I asked, pointing at the papers he was holding. Why would they even need papers as documents?
  &quot;Yes, I will be one of the elders to lead the succession rights.&quot;
  &quot;I see...&quot; I nodded my head.
  Remembering the time where they usually tell me about the succession rights that he attended before. How the process was like coronation except for the crowns?
  The words of Rion earlier came to mind.
  Clint probably notices the changes in my mood. He left the papers on top of the table and walked towards me.
  He stroked some strands of hair away from my face.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot;

###chapter 24 The Kiss
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I went to my room without saying anything to Clint. He was being sorry because of the fact that he knew about the marking that will happen after the succession.
  Dwayne will take that girl as his Luna. That thought almost crash my heart. My tears betrayed me again, ever since I came here all I did was cry and get angry.
  The succession will happen during the full moon, exactly the same time where the Moon Goddess power is stronger than normal nights.
  I lay down on my bed and close my eyes, I soon drifted to my sleep...
  *******
  I found myself again in that same old dark place, all I can hear is my footsteps again. What is this place? I did try scanning the room. But nothing is here.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; 
  I turn where the voice came from and found nothing.
  &quot;Who are you?!&quot; I shouted, no one answered.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; 
  She called again, this time I decided to follow the voice.
  &quot;Show yourself!&quot; I continue walking to the direction where I last heard the voice.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; 
  She called my name again, this time it was much nearer to me. I continue walking, and there I notice I was barefooted. No wonder I can feel the coldness of the ground.
  &quot;Where are you?&quot; I shout back. Hoping she will tell me where she was.
  &quot;Klaire... Open the door.&quot;
  I frowned at what she said. There wasn't even a door here. Or so I thought,
  A lard red door was standing in the middle a few feet away from me. Where did it come from? It wasn't even there earlier.
  &quot;Open it... Let me in.&quot;
  She whispered, my body just instantly moving on its own. I grip the handle...
  ******
  &quot;KLAIRE WAKE UP!&quot; A loud thug of the bed woke me up. Clint was in front of me shaking my arms. Eliot, Noah, and Yustef came to my room running.
  &quot;What?&quot; I ask confused. They all stared at me with that you really don't know what happened look.
  &quot;You almost turn the whole mansion upside down!&quot; Noah exclaimed.
  I scan the room and found all the furniture scattered around.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I asked unsure of what did I had just done while I was sleeping.
  &quot;You were doing it again.&quot; Clint answered, he let out a sigh and sit on my bed.
  I didn't know what really happened, all I remember is I was dreaming. The voice and that red door.
  &quot;Are you all alright?&quot; I mumbled.
  They all look disoriented. Clothes are rugged plus the way my room looks right now. I doubt the whole house won't look any better.
  &quot;Yes, no scratch at all.&quot; Noah mutter and gave me a smile.
  I glance at his arms which he was hiding at me. But he can't hide the smell of blood.
  &quot;You got injured! Shit!&quot; I felt sorry to him.
  Noah's smile fade, he looks a little guilty at my reaction. It should be me who should feel guilty.
  &quot;It was just a scratch; it will heal by tomorrow.&quot; Eliot mutter.
  I still feel sad that Noah got hurt because of me. And knowing it was my cause, that injury won't heal easily.
  &quot;You should tell us what happened before that happened.&quot; Yustef said. He on the wall with his arms on his chest waiting for my answer.
  &quot;I don't know; all I remember is I was sleeping.&quot; I tried to think why did that happen, but nothing came to mind.
  &quot;That's enough for today, you have your rest.&quot; Clint leans in front and kisses my forehead before heading to the door.
  &quot;Let's get you treated.&quot; Eliot said looking at Noah's arms.
  Noah's room is sitting right next to mine, so he would probably be the most affected one.
  &quot;Get some rest Klaire.&quot; Yustef utters before following Clint out.
  Noah and Eliot also started getting out of my room.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; I mumbled, I knew they heard me. All I could say was sorry.
  I tried to go back to sleep, but sleep won't visit me. I got out of my bed and started walking downstairs. I was right, the whole mansion is a mess, falling glasses is all over the place. The furniture is broken if not they were unorganized.
  The cold wind welcomes me as soon as I got out, my feet are barefooted just like in my dream. Feeling the cold damp ground between my toes. It was relaxing.
  I close my eyes thinking about my weird dream. That voice stuck in my head, who is she? Why do I hear her in my dreams? Maybe it was just some random dream that happened once in a while.
  The scent of winter and mint made my eyes snap open.
  I can't hide the surprise in my reaction as Dwayne walks closer to me. I froze there unable to process what should I do.
  He stops a few feet away from me. I can hear my heart beating so fast, I'm even afraid that he will hear it.
  &quot;What are you doing here.&quot; Finally, my voice came out, but it was weak. I look like a confused kid who was left in the middle of the road.
  &quot;Let's talk.&quot; He mumbled.
  I don't know how to respond. I turn my back at him.
  &quot;Wait!&quot; His hands grabbed my hand to stop me from getting inside.
  The sparks floated all over my body. It was delightful and comforting. I almost close my eyes just to remember that feeling of his touch.
  I cursed at myself, remembering what Rion told me earlier. I shoved Dwayne's hands, don't get carried away!
  &quot;There is nothing to talk about.&quot; I firmly answer, still turning my back at him. I'm afraid that once I glance at him I will end up being swayed again.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; He whispered, I don't know why but I suddenly felt like everything stopped after hearing that.
  I glance back at him; he was staring at me intensely. But his eyes were confirming the thing that I'm too afraid to ask him about.
  I remain silent, the whole time we were just staring at each other. Memorizing every inch of each other's face. Because this might be the last time that we can do this.
  &quot;Fuck!&quot; He cursed to himself and ruffled his hair, he also looks like a mess. His eyes are blood-shot red, now that I notice he also has some bags under his eyes. Nevertheless, he still looks gorgeous.
  My eyes stop on his lips; I remember the times where those lips were claiming mine. I flush at that thought and look away. He probably notices my reaction as he starts walking towards me.
  His arms automatically wrapped around as soon as he closed the space between us. His face remains just above my neck. I can feel his breath getting heavy mirroring my mind. I stood there completely frozen, I wanna push him away but the feeling of him being near me is overwhelming.
  &quot;I wish I could read what's running inside that pretty head of yours.&quot; He whispered, sending shivers down my spine. My face flushes again recalling my thoughts earlier.
  He tucked some strands of hair into my ear and stared at me. I know in myself that I promise that I won't get swayed by him again. But this might be the last time that I will feel this kind of pleasure. My eyes close, feeling his cold hands pressed against my cheeks.
  I can feel his gaze, tracing my lips with his hands. His breath became more heavy and needy? I can feel his breath against my skin. I open my eyes and found him staring at me asking for permission to kiss me. His heated gaze, making my knees weak. All my resolved just vanish in a snap because of him.
  His green-blue eyes staring wildly at me, his gaze is indicating his needs, longing, and love? I frowned at that thought. He apparently notices my confusion. He loosens his hold on me but his hand stays on my back.
  He remains silent, his eyes show his alertness, perhaps expecting my sudden outburst like last time. His hands continue to track my back sending chills all over my body. Damn this effect! I almost moan because of it. He noticed my body relax which made him smile.
  My eyes focus on his face. How can he still look perfect? The way his nose twitch and that dimple that I just notice today popping out of his cheeks as he smiles. My gaze stopped again at his lips, I didn't notice I was biting my lips if he didn't touch them.
  His eyes stay on his hands just above my lips. He glances back again at my eyes asking for my permission. And with that, I nodded my head unconsciously, like my body had a mind of its own.
  I gasp as soon as I felt his lips brushing against mine. The same old sensation was still there alive and kicking.
  I close my eyes and for the first time, I let go of all of my worries away and started kissing him back.

###chapter 25 Will be the last
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I was shocked when she nodded her head. I lean down slowly closing the gap between our lips. She closes her eyes as our lips touch. I mirror her actions. Sparks erupted my whole system, sending fireworks alive inside me.
  &quot;Kiss her!&quot; My wolf could not wait one second any more.
  I kissed her with the intention of telling her everything I feel, all this feeling is too overwhelming. She kissed me back with the same intensity. It feels like our lives depend on each other.
  Her hand caressed my hair, making me moan as she pulled the strands of my hair. A moan scape my mouth, I can feel that she was liking it. I bite her lower lip she gasps at the contact. Her breath was dry and needy; I slip my tongue on his mouth tasting every inch of it. She fought for dominance but I'm too eager for her.
  &quot;I love you...&quot; I whispered between our kiss, she stiffened as soon as she heard those words like a wildfire suddenly took her resolve. Her eyes were wide and cautious.
  She remains silent, the line of her jaw is strained and there is tension in her eyes. I was waiting for another blow of anger around her but instead, her index fingers trace the base of my neck. I gaze into the depths of her blue-grey eyes. I don't know what she was thinking right.
  &quot;No, you're not.&quot; Her words are full of confidence. Like she was sure that I don't love her. Her eyes are dark, pupils dilated from fear? From lust? I want to hurl myself at her, but I restrain myself.
  I open my mouth to say something but her index fingers shush me, the coldness of her finger melting away as she traces my upper lip. I have no idea what she was doing, but I like the urge of it.
  She tiptoes to lean closer to my left ear.
  &quot;Let's get out of here.&quot; She murmured, her words stuck in my head, I stop for a minute to process what I just heard from her. Her eyes gleam with lust and longing mirroring mine, the way her lips curl into a smile is making me shiver.
  I don't know why but how she behaves right now is making me confused? I was expecting her outburst, yelling at me what am I doing here. But nothing like that happened.
  I just came here to explain to her what she might hear from everyone. But she won't even listen to anything I say. That I myself don't know what to do, duty between love... Never in my entire life did that word occur to me. I never imagine myself to be doing all this because of love. I thought I gave up everything about my mate after the incident involving Sarah and her mate. But I was wrong, Klaire's blue-gray eyes got me smitten the moment I saw her. I was just too afraid to admit it.
  Klaire steps back, making a small space between us. I watch her every move afraid that she might actually be gone this time. The hollow in my chest expanding just by thinking about it is too painful for me.
  I wanted to say something, but I am too afraid to mutter a word. I remain silent watching her long white nightgown sway as the wind hits her. Her hair flowing, she tucks some strands of hair on her ear. She looks weak and fragile under the moonlight. Her pale skin glowing. She looks really beautiful... I could watch her forever.
  Her shoulders slump as he relaxes, she turns slowly to face me once again. Her eyes were burning with desire. She moved slowly towards me, her eyes stuck on mine, she was watching me like a prey. She wrapped both her arms around my neck, she smiles and some unknown emotion flits across her face, making me uneasy? My wolf brush that thought away, he likes the way our mate is not yelling at us to leave her alone.
  &quot;Kla--&quot; her lips claim mine once more, I was a little surprised, and kissed her back. She stopped mid-way, I frowned why did she stop? My wolf and I ask the same question.
  &quot;Let's stop here.&quot; she closes his eyes as fury and possibly regret, sweeps across her beautiful face. She unfolds her arms around my neck. My fear earlier is already happening in front of me. She averted her eyes, guilt is evident in them.
  A large lump stuck on my throat, she was watching me cautiously. Waiting for my reaction. Closing my eyes, I tried to conceal all these emotions swirling inside me. I don't wanna end things between us.
  &quot;Just this time, please allow me.&quot; I whispered staring deep into her eyes. She looks hesitant like she doesn't trust herself if she will stay with me longer.
  She opens her mouth to say something but I did the same thing she did earlier, I lay my index finger on her lips. She didn't say anything and just watch me with confusion. I pulled her hands and kiss the back of her palm.
  &quot;Please?&quot; I added, trying to keep my emotion in check. My eyes still fixated on her, hoping... My lips curl into a smile when she slowly nodded her head.
  I took a step back from her, took my shirt off, and shifted into my wolf. She glances up at me, blue-gray eyes alive, and it's there in the air between us, and that electricity.
  I lower my head down, caressing my fur by her hand. She closes her eyes as she leans her head on mine. My wolf rejoices at the feeling. I lower myself, she looked a little confused at first but then she pulled herself on my back. Her weight was right between my neck and upper back.
  She yelped when I started moving, her hands were tugging my fur. The cold breeze welcomes us; we move further in the forest. I peek up at her, and she's wearing her enigmatic half-smile. Her giggles feel like music in my ears. I stop right next to the cliff, he crawled down on me and I shifted back to my human form.
  Her eyes shut close as she notices my nakedness, I smile at her innocence, she looks adorable. I slip into the clothes I brought with me.
  &quot;I'm done.&quot; I mutter, she peeks a little making sure that I was already dressed.
  &quot;What are we doing here?&quot; She asked, I didn't answer her. Her eyes scanned the place. It was a remote area of the forest. I offer my hand at her, she just stared at it for a moment then took it. I let out a breath that I didn't know I was holding as she grabbed my hand.
  I guide her to a large three that are lying on the ground. I usually use it as my chair whenever I come here. She follows, pulling her into my side. I clasp her hand and trace my knuckles with her thumb, and all my muscles clench tightly.
  &quot;I usually come here whenever I wanted to be alone.&quot; I mumbled, glancing her reaction she was just staring at me intensely.
  &quot;I just want to show it to you.&quot; I added, her eyes clouded with a flicker of emotion. I run my index finger down her cheek. She closes her eyes at the contact, I took the chance to lean forward.
  &quot;I'm going to kiss you, if you hated it you can do whatever you want.&quot; I murmur between our lips. She remains silent and I close the gap between us.
  I inhale sharply, taking in her sweet vanilla scent as our kissed deepen, my arms supporting her back as we move closer, it felt like the space between us is still too far for us. I tug her hand on me and yank her so that she was on my lap. She has her arms around me, I snuggle my nose on her hair as my lips moves down to her neck. She let out a soft moan as I continue to kiss her. She clasps my hair tightly, making me close my eyes. The pain of it resulted in pleasure.
  I gaze at her for a moment, bewildered, as if she was some kind of mystical creature that might vanish if I let her out of my sight. My hand stops at the hem of her nightgown, I slip her out of it. I glance at her for a moment, her flush skin brushing against mine. As we embraced each other...
  I wake, too warm because of the sunlight hitting my face. Everything happen last night still feel like a dream. I peek up at the beautiful woman beside me but as I open my eyes she was nowhere to be found. I blink twice trying to adjust my eyesight. I hurriedly slip into my clothes and tried looking for her, hoping she was just close by.
  I groan in frustration, I shifted to my wolf and went to the place where she might run to. 
  I jump off to her balcony.
  I was right, she was here, she flinched once she noticed my presence. She was now wearing a different dress.
  She looked like she was actually waiting for me to show up.
  &quot;Why did you left without waking me up?&quot; I stepped closer to her but she stopped me like she was disgusted at what just happened between us.
  &quot;Forget what happened, because this will be the last.&quot; She mutters, with her voice expressionless.
  I stood as I watch all my hope crumbled into pieces...

###chapter 26 Goodbye
  Klaire's P.O.V
  A few hours age.
  I wake, feeling warm. I'm wrapped around a naked Dwayne. Even though he's fast asleep, he's holding me close. My mouth curls into a smile as I watch him.
  Soft morning light will soon arise. I lay my head back on his chest, my leg still tangled with his, my arm across his stomach. Feeling every moment that I'm with him.
  Everything still feels like a dream, I let myself forget all my worries and let him embrace me. But just like a dream, I have to wake up soon... 
  I raise my head slightly, slowly lifting his arms to get out of his grip. I was slightly scared that I might wake him.
  When I finally got out, I look for my nightgown and it was sitting just around the corner. I slip to it; it was slightly ruined. I flush at the thought of what happened...if things weren't as complicated as before we could stay like this forever.
  I bite my lower lip to contain myself.
  I stayed for a few more precious moments. I lean over and tenderly kiss his lips. I tentatively stroked his face, running my fingertips through the smattering of hair, he didn't stir. I smile again at how peaceful he looks while he sleeps.
  &quot;Goodbye...&quot; I whispered and kissed him again, whipping my tears away from my cheeks.
  I glance back at him once again for the last time and started heading back to the East Mansion. I wipe my tears away, determine that this would be my last farewell.
  Dwayne's words leave a tingling pain inside me. The thought of him telling the truth leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, but I dismiss it and try to keep my mind as numb and as blank as possible. I can't think about him... Not anymore.
  Clint was waiting for me at the entrance of the Mansion. He was a little surprised at how I looked but decided not to say anything.
  &quot;I'll go to my room,&quot; I mutter not waiting for his reply I went straight to my room.
  I open the door to the bathroom and started taking a shower. I stand and stare blankly at the brick wall letting the water wash away his scent from my body. I am numb, I feel nothing but the pain. How long must I endure this? I wrapped my hands around my body hug myself while sobbing.
  I stay in the shower for a while until I calm down, I pulled the red dress in my closet. It was hugging my figure as I slip on it. It was tight but not too tight that my figure will go showing off.
  Any minute now I know Dwayne would be here.
  The sun started rising, making me feel more uneasy. My heart is beating too fast. I don't want to start crying again not when I wanted to really end everything between us. Our bond should end a month ago. I know I will break even further and I have nothing left to break.
  This cycle of chasing should stop...
  I flinch as soon as I notice Dwayne's burning gaze at my back. That tingling feeling is there again. I slowly turn around, his eyes burning my gaze, his lost look, his hair burnished and bright... all haunt me slowly like his prey.
  &quot;Why didn't you woke me?&quot; His tone is so warm and welcoming it's almost enough to push me over the edge again.
  I inhale sharply, not wanting to end up hesitating again. I look straight into his eyes; I must be strong...
  &quot;Forget what happened, because this will be the last&quot; I mutter, my gaze blank and cold like my voice.
  &quot;What?&quot; His voice is low and confused worried at the same time. His tortured expression made my knees weak.
  &quot;You don't mean that r-right?&quot; His voice crack, I didn't answer him. His expression worsens. He mumbled something underneath his breath, looking at him is too painful.
  I look away, trying to stop my tears. I need to be strong, I reminded myself again. He steps closer to me but I flinch, he stops mid-way. He looked like he was in pain.
  His shoulder slumped as he gave up.
  &quot;If that is what you wish...&quot; His voice was slow and weak. He glances one more time at me hoping for me to stop him.
  I averted my gaze avoiding his eyes.
  He slowly turns his back on me and jumps off my balcony as he shifts back to his wolf. He never glances back as he continues to run further away from me.
  I slump on the floor, all my strength collapse. I wrap my arms around my body, hugging myself tightly, trying to hold myself together. I cry, crying all the pain away. I smile bitterly how the last remaining good memory I have with him will be last night.
  You made a deal with yourself, Klaire... I reminded myself.
  Clint knock on my door he probably heard me crying. He opened the door and found me on the floor crying my eyes out.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; He mumbled as he saw my situation. He kneeled down leveling me, hugging me tightly into his arms. I cried again like my tears wouldn't end.
  We remain silent the whole time only my sobs fill the room. He was stroking my hair as I sob in his chest. He knew this would happen sooner or later. Especially if we will reveal my identity...
  Clint lifted me up and carried me in his arms. As we reach my bed he slowly lay me down on the bed. He sat on my bed next to me. He holds my hand.
  We have already discussed this, the danger that would affect Dwayne and his pack that he will soon lead if I decided to stay with him. And that is what I couldn't afford to do it again, I can't be selfish and not think about the pack members that might suffer because of me.
  &quot;I'm sorry that you have to go through this.&quot; He mutters apologetically, I squeeze his hands and shake my head at him.
  But deep down I know it was my fault. If only I was born like a normal human or werewolf.
  I cry myself to sleep that night, wishing I hadn't walked out and said those words to Dwayne, wishing that I could be different, wishing that we were together. How long will this hideous overwhelming feeling last?
  I lost count of the days that I missed, the whole time all I did was stay in my room developing a cycle of wake, cry, sleep. Well, try to sleep. I can't even escape Dwayne in my dreams. Green-blue burning eyes gazing down at me, his lost tortured look, his hair burnished and bright blonde all haunt me.
  The treaty had already been done during my absence, Noah, Yustef, and Eliot were dealing with the traitor.
  They caught someone watching us last night and once they caught him, he killed himself. His identity was unknown, as the four Alpha's checked his identity, he belongs to none of the four fractions. Indicating he was a rogue.
  We still don't know who gave them access to get inside as the old passage in the Cliff was heavily guarded. Noah was even the one handling that matter.
  Yustef remain to surveillance the ship but he found nothing again. The shipment remains on products and materials that will be used during the succession.
  He was even pissed when he confronted the Alpha of the White Moon when he saw him lurking around the ship. And again he found nothing only some bunch of flowers. After that incident a fight broke down, making the faction not trust us more. Making the treaty almost fail but they handle it well.
  The White Moon Alpha just let it slide, they are known for their harmonious living anyway. But we know better, their cunning attitude making them dangerous. The way they look harmless is what makes them more dangerous.
  Eliot was the one handling the investigation over the higher-ups, he was busy watching the next Alpha's and their members. The next Alpha's of Golden Arid and White Moon already arrived for the succession. I haven't met them but Eliot said to be wary at them all.
  I let out a sigh, they are all busy while here I am all I did was lock myself in my room and cry. I don't even talk much to them; I haven't spoken about what happened but they already have the idea. I don't have the capacity for idle talk right now. I am surviving on a newfound tolerance for pain and heartbreak.
  The succession will be tomorrow and I have no choice but to attend. The day that I fear the most will come. Can I see Dwayne again? Could I bear it? Do I want to see him? I close my eyes and tilt my head back as grief and longing lance through me.
  I glance at the white long lace dress, with a hint of golden traces on the bottom part of the dress. It was hanging next to the glass box where my crown is resting...

###chapter 27 Succession I
  Klaire's P.O.V
  Forget about the long lace dress.
  I turn on my side, and hug my pillow, filled with an overwhelming sadness. The image of seeing Dwayne tomorrow is too much for me. I can feel my tears wanting to crawl down my face.
  I can't help but wonder if did Dwayne missed me? Probably not like I've missed him. I was the one who push him away this time.
  My thoughts plague me into the early hours until eventually, I fall into a fitful, exhausted sleep.
  ***
  In the large mirror on the wall, I take a long, hard look at my face. I am my usual pale self, except for the dark circles around my too-large eyes. I look gaunt, haunted.
  Dwayne's tortured expression haunts me. I always hear his voice in my head. In my mind, I visualize Dwayne's face, the last time I saw him as I left him with nothing but those painful words for him to forget me and everything that happened between us. I choke at that thought.
  Why would I stay when things had reached such an impasse? When in the first place there is nothing for us.
  I shake my head. I have an evening to get through first. How am I going to do this? Unsure about it myself. Sighing... I hurry out of the restroom to make last-minute adjustments. Grabbing my white long lace gown, I slip into it. It was hugging my figure; the back is openly showing my back.
  I stared at myself again, I look pretty decent than I expected. I curled my long black hair and put on some light makeup to hide my dark under eyes and my pale face. Tidying my hair for the last time so that it hangs artfully down my back, I take a deep breath. This will have to do.
  Clint knock on my door, he was wearing his gray suit, no tie. His white shirt is open at the collar. His gray-blue eyes are glowing... He looks sleek as his hair is finally in place.
  His eyes were watching my every move, he looks wary. He was worried, he doesn't want me to go. But it was my turn to do my part.
  &quot;The car is waiting downstairs.&quot; He finally spoke, I open the glass box. He walks slowly to me.
  &quot;Are you sure you wanna do this?&quot; He asks again. I rolled my eyes at him, he was always protective of me.
  &quot;Clint, we already talk about this,&quot; I mutter avoiding his gaze, I wouldn't want him to see my painful expression. Just thinking about seeing Dwayne with that girl... The thought is so painful that I dismiss it immediately.
  &quot;But Klaire, I can't just watch you break yourself again.&quot; His gaze was steady at me. Some unknown emotion flits across his face, making me smile. He was really worried; I squeeze his hands to assure him. He let out a sigh and gave up.
  &quot;Okay, just make sure if you feel uncomfortable we will head back,&quot; he mutters, his voice softer. I nodded my head at him. He won't stop nagging unless I agreed with everything he was saying.
  We both glance at the crown inside the glass box. I haven't worn this for ages. He was the one who took it out of the box, glancing at the diamond embedded in it with its softly golden outline.
  The crown was built by the fairy clan as it actual beams of sun and moon. For when light is ready, it realizes it is time to switch from waver to matter.
  He slowly places the crown in my head, he smiled as he stared at me. He looks like a proud father.
  &quot;I can't believe my little sister is already grown up.&quot;
  I giggle at his sentiment. He offered me his hand and I gladly took his offer.
  Eliot, Yustef, and Noah were already waiting downstairs. They all dressed up for this event.
  Eliot was on his white suit living his collar open. Noah was wearing a white inner shirt and black suit his collar is also unbuttoned. And lastly, Yustef was wearing an all-black suit, he left 3 buttons undone. What is with the undone button with these people?
  An SUV is waiting for us; this is the same car we used before we came here. The packhouse is not that far from here but they insisted to use the car.
  I turn and climb into the back, Clint sat next to me, and on my other side is Yustef. Noah was sitting right next to the driver who is none other than Eliot.
  &quot;Ready?&quot; Eliot asks, keeping his eyes at me through the mirror. I inhale sharply, nodding my head. He started the engine.
  I take my hand and gently skim my thumb across my knuckles as we sit in the back of the car heading to the packhouse. I am beginning to feel a dull, unpleasant ache deep in my belly, caused by my nerves.
  &quot;We're here,&quot; Eliot announced, making my face runs out of blood.
  Yustef notices my sudden reaction. I silently thanked him.
  &quot;You all go ahead, I'll stay with Klaire,&quot; Yustef mutters, saving me from collapsing if I step outside the car for the moment.
  Clint wanted to argue but he was caught up by someone from the Pack. He was taken by them. Probably something about the succession, Noah and Eliot also did follow him inside. Leaving me and Yustef alone.
  Idly, I wonder, how long will I be able to manage without crying.
  &quot;You okay?&quot;
  I didn't answer, because if I do... I know my voice will crack. I just nodded my head averting his piercing gaze.
  &quot;Okay then, we will wait here until it was your time to enter.&quot; Yustef said slightly annoyed about something.
  I was glad that he didn't say anything else after that. We sat there quietly...
  Clint knocks on the window after a few minutes. He looked hesitant to open the door, but decided to open it at the end.
  Everyone was already in place, the pack members of each faction were gathered outside waiting... They probably expect some elders to do the succession but they were all wrong. Now that our so-called father is dead, it was our turn now.
  &quot;Let's go,&quot; Clint muttered, he offers me his hand to help me get out of the car. Yustef was already outside waiting for me.
  I let out a deep breath, calming my nerves. I took Clint's hand and slowly step out of the car. I can already hear the curiosity of the ones who are outside waiting.
  &quot;You ready?&quot; Clint squeeze my hand and I did the same.
  Nodding my head, I wrapped my arms around his.
  The crowd became silent as soon as their eyes landed on me, their expression is priceless. They can't hide the surprise in their eyes as they stare at my crown. Yustef and Clint remain at my side as we head inside. All eyes were watching us as we enter.
  The Alphas was waiting at the front stage with the next line of Alphas, the surprise in their eyes is evident. The scowl on the Alpha of the South Lake Pack is quite funny honestly.
  I watch as his expression turn from surprised to embarrassed. The other also had that unbelievable glare. Rion on the other hand was smiling brightly at me. Alpha Brent and Luna Stella's look has taken me aback. They didn't expect me to be one of the Royals.
  My eyes stop at Dwayne.
  He looks glorious except he's scowling at me. he was wearing a black suit that look perfect on him. His hair is a little messy but he still looks hot... my heartbeat lurches at the sight of him. All I can see of his face, his beautiful chiseled mouth, and the way his jaw tensed as soon as he saw me. His green-blue eyes shifted to my crown, eyes widen then turn back to their blank state. A bit my cheeks trying to keep myself composed.
  I close my eyes for a moment as dark desire wanting to unfolds throughout my body. Once I open my eyes, all my emotions were gone.
  I scan the crowd; 2 unfamiliar faces are standing next to him. They are probably the next Alphas of Golden Arid and White Moon. Their frame is similar to each other, the other one has a darker tan skin color, green eyes, and black hair. The tattoos on his neck are showing all the members of Golden Arid have a lot of tattoos on their bodies. He looks exactly like the Alpha of the Golden Arid who is now watching me closely. The one on the right has pale skin and black eyes, his red hair highlighted in the lights. He was shorter than the other 3 next in line Alphas.
  Clint clears his throat to gain their attention, my eyes shift at him. Here goes nothing...
  &quot;Let me introduce to you all Amaris Klaire Calypso, the granddaughter of King Felcio Alec Calypso. And my sister.&quot;

###chapter 28 Succession II
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;Let me introduce to you all Amaris Klaire Calypso the granddaughter of King Felcio Alec Calypso. And my sister.&quot;
  I heard someone gasp from the crowd. And found her red hair, she clung around Dwayne's hand.
  My eyes focus on their hands, a flinch of pain resurface, I suddenly wanted to get out of there. Someone grabbed my hand making me turn around to see who is it.
  Yustef was staring at me seriously, I thank him silently for helping me get my eyes off them. He squeezes my hand as an answer.
  I let out a sigh, finding my courage back. I step forward to say my speech.
  &quot;Good evening, you are all probably surprised but that isn't the concern for today.&quot; I pause for a moment and lift my arms in the air to the next line Alpha. &quot;It is for them, for now, save your questions for later.&quot;
  Directing my eyes to the Alphas in front of me. They are probably dying to ask questions.
  I step forward right at the center where a huge circle sits on the center of this stage. Clint, Yustef, Eliot, and Noah were watching from my behind. Make sure no one tries to interrupt.
  The succession will begin once the moon shines right at the center of the circle. The oaths will be taken by then and the markings from the Alpha's will be transferred to the next line.
  It would be a painful one as the moon shines making their power even stronger. The Alpha's who first successfully claimed the new Alpha mark will be the Center of the faction's authority. Which is right now the North being the center.
  I can feel their eyes watching my every move, the moon started to line up at the center.
  Closing my eyes, I wave of light shine upon me, making a wave of golden auras circulates to me. The crowd remains silent in the process, letting go of my chains.
  I can feel my whole body feeling lighter. My hair is brushing the wind, the wind circulates my body, creating small golden butterflies flying around me. I open my eyes lifting my head to stare at the moon directly.
  &quot;May the Moon Goddess grants us her power... &quot; I mutter, the moon shines brighter. My mouth curls into a smile, as I feel my body radiating the power that I always hide.
  My hair started to turn to its original color, that silver-white hair. The crowd's eyes were now wide and in fascination. I close my eyes once more.
  &quot;As the Moon Goddess grants you your position, may you continue to serve with all the power vested within you,&quot; I mutter for the last time, before slowly opening my eyes.
  We all remain silent, only the crickets can be heard around us. I lifted my arms motioning them to gather in their rightful places. Clint stands right next to me, holding the red-black ink that I will use to mark their foreheads.
  Clint started the Oath, and they followed they are all kneeling right next to each other. Clint stood at the center. Each Oath taken, I place the markings of a C like downward in their foreheads all eyes were close.
  Rion smiled when it was his turn to receive the marking. My movement started to slow down as I move to the next person. Dwayne's eyes were close but I can feel his green-blue eyes gawking at me like his prey. And I let myself be captured.
  &quot;I, Dwayne Carter accept the position of Alpha.&quot; His voice was low and hard, sending chills down my spine. I lifted my hands, dumping my index fingers in the black ink. It suddenly feels cold right next to my skin.
  &quot;May the Moon Goddess gives you her blessing,&quot; I mumbled, my hands almost freezing as our skin touched. Sparks started traveling down my whole body, I almost close my eyes as the pleasure started to build up. This is what I've been longing for these past few days. It felt so right but wrong at the same time.
  I can feel Dwayne's hard intake of air as I move my finger to draw the markings. Once I'm done I hurriedly took my hand away like I was burnt from something hot. And I can't imagine anything hotter than the person in front of me.
  The first part is done, the Alpha's step forward standing right to the new ones. This is the part where the markings will be transferred to them.
  Clint warns me about how it feels and it would be painful... Very painful as he said. It will take a minimum of an hour before your body accepts the new markings and power. I and Clint made our way to the seat prepared for us at the center next to the Alpha's seat.
  They took their coats off, next is their inner white clothes.
  My hand clench at the armrest as I watch Dwayne's muscles move magnificently. He was just taking his shirt off... I scolded myself. 
  Dwayne's eyes shift and turn toward me, I almost run away by how his intense gaze locks on mine. His eyes glowing. I can't read what he was thinking.
  They kneeled again in front of their Fathers. The Alpha's place their right hand in the head of the next Alpha's. They received another Oath that is made from each faction. As the Oaths continue the pressure of their power filled the air. Making other Pack members uncomfortable.
  It was getting harder to breathe to some. I lifted my hand, creating an invisible barrier to contain their power inside and not crash the people around them.
  After the Oaths with ended, the former Alpha's took their step out away from them. We all watch the four being in front of us, their eyes all turn black indicating their wolves are the ones present. The challenge here is they have to tame the ravaging beast inside of them. It was an inner battle between their human and beast sides. Their beast side is one of the higher scales.
  During this time, you can hear their growls and screams as they are taken deep down their minds where the line between them and their beast is equal.
  Their fight will start, if they failed to beat or tame their beast the Alpha's marking will remain but their power won't be like the other Alpha's who successfully beat their beast. Control is one of the main objectives of this part. How they handle their new power will be tested.
  My eyes stay at the only calm one among them. Dwayne's eyes were close, making it hard to figure out if his beast was reacting.
  My heart stops, Dwayne's eyes were slowly open. Black eyes gaze back at me... I inhale sharply he was watching me.
  He grins his boyish grin. Wow...I've not expected that. It didn't take so long, his eyes shifted back to their original ones. Green-blue eyes, he turns and smirks at me, and for the first time in five days, I feel uneasy... I can feel another storm coming.
  Dwayne's newly awaken power is radiating around him. I can feel his dominance, his gaze remained at me the whole time, like how a predator selects his next prey.
  He steps out of the barrier, his pack members started to cheer. Feeling the pride for their new Alpha. Stella hugs her son congratulates him, Brent remains silent but you can see the pride written on his face.
  Rion was the next one who gain control, his friendly demeanor is still there. He smiles at me as he steps out of the barrier. The South Lake started cheering also, welcoming their new Alpha.
  The next one who steps out is the White Moon followed by the Golden Arid. They all successfully gained control, it only means the last part will be my worst nightmare.
  The claiming of Luna's.
  The successor of the Alpha Title will always end up finding their mates, it will only depend on their decision to claim them and reject them if they find them not suitable for being the Luna of their pack... In my case, the former happened.
  I shove that memory to the back of my mind. Not wanting unintentional emotions popping out.
  Clint ended the ceremony by then. The last part is already not our concern. The new Alpha's will be the ones in charge after this. Their chosen Luna will be presented tomorrow. And the marking will happen by then.
  Based on Noah's information most of their mate is only ordinary rank werewolves, which made them reject them and take another she-wolf. I don't what is wrong with this bunch of Alpha's that they have to break the mate bond. Only Rion was the one who accepted his mate as his Luna.
  A loud explosion brought me back to my senses. It was coming from the East, my eyes shifted to Clint who nodded his head. It was the direction of the East Mansion. Followed by the explosion was the noise of werewolves' paws heading in our direction...
  &quot;ROGUES!&quot;

###chapter 29 Succession III
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I froze at my feet, as I realize who was the person wearing the crown was. Klaire looks gorgeous in her long white lace gown. Her hair is curled sitting just around her waist.
  Clint clears his throat to gain our attention, my eyes shift at him. His gaze was focused on Klaire.
  What is her relationship with them? And the crown? I scowled when the thought about the legend hit me. She was related to that?
  &quot;Let me introduce to you all Amaris Klaire Calypso the granddaughter of King Felcio Alec Calypso. And my sister.&quot; Clint announced, all this time the answer was right in front of me.
  Sarah gasped, I even forgot that she was standing next to me. She wrapped her hand around mine for support. She looks shocked and frightened. Her eyes are a bit teary.
  &quot;It was her...&quot; Sarah mumbled, I stare at her confused. But she ran away before I could even ask her.
  Never mind that, I'll ask her later.
  My eyes darted back at Klaire, she was distracted by someone. My eyes stop at her hand and shifted to the man who is holding her hand. He was also staring back at me.
  The staring contest stops as Klaire spoke, my attention focused on her. She was avoiding my eyes but I let myself watch her graceful movement.
  &quot;Good evening, you are all probably surprised but that wasn't the concern for today.&quot; She pauses, lifting her arms in the air.
  &quot;It is for them, for now, save hour questions for later.&quot; She added, directing her words towards us.
  In the corner of my eyes, the surprise in their faces is evident. I gaze at the only one who is smiling... Rion, he doesn't even look surprised at all. Instead, satisfaction is glowing between his eyes.
  &quot;Focus, Dwayne.&quot; My mother whispered, making me turn my eyes back to her.
  Klaire was now at the center of the circle, eyes closed. I watch in fascination as she gracefully moves and starts the succession. She lifted her head, gazing at the moon as it starts to shine above her. My whole body shivers coldly, her power radiating around us... Golden auras move around her. The wind is starting to blow stronger, circular around her.
  They all started to cover their eyes to avoid the harsh blow on their eyes. I just remain there standing, watching as her black hair slowly turns into a silver almost white color. My heart started beating fast... What is this? The heavy feeling in my chest.
  Golden butterflies started appearing, circulating her. She looks like she belongs to a different world as I watch her. I wanted to ask her everything right now. But something within my guts is telling me this isn't the right time.
  'Don't let him get her...' 
  Suddenly the voice of that Lady echoes in my head, reminding me of the same silver-white hair.
  My gaze stays at Klaire, everything was moving slowly like she was the only person around me.
  &quot;As the Moon Goddess grants you your position, may you continue to serve with all the power vested within you.&quot; She mumbled, her eyes opening slowly... Red and Golden eyes staring at me.
  My eyes widen, the same eyes that little girls have. The way she looks with those eyes is different from that little girl. Klaire's eyes are cold and blank... The little girl from the dungeon's eyes is soft and scared.
  They can't be the same person right?
  Sighing to myself, there is only one way to find out. I step forward following her instructions. It was already the second part of the succession. The transferring of markings.
  According to my father during this time we won't be able to freely leash our beast. Because in this part we have to tame and dominate than to control their real power. It would be an inner battle.
  I was the last person to receive the markings, I kneeled. Her scent is stronger this time. Clenching my fist just to help me be more rational. Her presence is big enough to almost make me lose control. My eyes remain close making all my other senses more sensitive.
  My heart almost jumps out of my chest as I feel her presence in front of me. Her breathing slows, I almost smile that I still have the same effect as before.
  &quot;State your name and title.&quot; She whispered, her voice sounding soft yet wary between my ears.
  &quot;Dwayne Carter accepts the position of Alpha,&quot; I stated, lifting my head like how I imagine myself staring right at her.
  Her breathing slows, I heard a slight sound in the ink, as she dumps her index fingers on it.
  &quot;May the Moon Goddess give you her blessing.&quot; She mumbled.
  I inhale sharply as I felt her finger on my skin. Sparks climbed all over my body like I was being electrified with the pleasure of her next to me.
  Her hands slowly live traces between my skin, it was a slow and torturing minute of my life. She hurriedly took her hand away from me as soon as she finish placing the marking on my forehead. It feels like she has been burnt, not wanting to even be close to me for another minute.
  I take a deep breath. It doesn't begin to fill the void in my chest, a void has been present since that day when I claimed her yet lost her at the same time, a painful hollow reminded me of my loss again.
  I open my eyes and she wasn't in front of me anymore. They took their sits next to the Alphas. My eyes remain at her; I gaze at her trying to tell her my intense feelings. Her eyes remain gazing back at me, a flinch of emotion is flickering, not sure what it was.
  The next part is the Oath taking between the Pack. This is the bond that will let me connect to everyone who is part of the Pack. My father stood in front of me as I kneeled.
  I took my upper clothes off, lowering my head. He places his right hand above my head.
  &quot;I am passing the Alpha to you, my Son, as you will be the father of this Pack. Do you swear to protect this pack with your life?&quot; My father utter.
  &quot;Yes, I swear upon the Moon Goddess,&quot; I answer, my heart started to beat faster. My body somehow feels heavy.
  &quot;You will be the foundation of the pack with your Luna. Your power and authority will always be respected as you respect your members. Will you be able to let go of everything and put the pack first?&quot; My father added.
  I pause for a moment. He wanted me to let go of everything, my eyes darted at the only person who makes me feel lost without her.
  &quot;Do you swear?&quot; My father added.
  &quot;Yes, I swear upon the Moon Goddess,&quot; I answer, he took his hand off me. I glance up as he instructed. He lifts both his hand up.
  &quot;I announce you, Dwayne Carter, as the new Alpha of the Crescent Moon Pack of the North.&quot;
  I gasp at the sudden pressure I feel. Clenching both my fist, the burning sensation in my chest is starting to grow stronger, making it harder to breathe.
  A voice boom in my head, it was my wolf's voice but different at the same time. I close my eyes trying to block his voice out, it stops for a moment.
  I felt a sudden pull inside me when I open my eyes. I was in a dark place; it was inside my mind. I scanned where I am, a large black wolf was standing in front of me. It was too large to be my wolf.
  ***
  &quot;What do you desire...&quot; It muttered, its blue eyes gazing at me, piercing deep inside me.
  I remember what my father told me once you gave in to your darkest desire you lost.
  &quot;I know what you want.&quot; It was walking slowly around me, I didn't answer it and just remain silent.
  &quot;You wanted to make things right.&quot;
  I froze at its words; it smirks at my reactions.
  In a snap I was taken in the forest, it was familiar like I have been here. There I found a familiar face, it was me when I was younger. Sarah's father was with me... No! I shouted the day of Sarah's father flash in front of me and again I can't do anything.
  &quot;I can give you power if you let me out.&quot; its voice was whispering between my ears.
  &quot;No!&quot; I firmly answered, again I was shifted into another place.
  This time it was the day when Sarah, Zion, and I just had our coming of age ceremony. It was our first shift. We were all very happy not aware of the danger that will come our way.
  I froze as I saw I take out the life of Sarah's mate again. I close my eyes not wanting to see that again.
  &quot;You can't keep me here.&quot; It whispered again. I block it out, its laugh echoing around me.
  Then, it changed to another place.
  I frowned at the unfamiliar place, it was snowing. Blood is scattered around, I followed where the blood came from and froze, my face became pale at the scene in front of me.
  It was me, with a heart in my hand right... And right next to me is the lifeless body of my mate.
  Klaire...

###chapter 30 Night
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Klaire
  I rush towards her but she vanishes within my site, living me with nothing but my bloody hands.
  &quot;That is what will happen to her.&quot; It whispered, I slowly turned around to face it. Its eyes glowing with satisfaction.
  &quot;I, Dwayne Carter reject you as my mate.&quot; My eyes snap open, it was recalling the time where I rejected Klaire. Her tortured expression gaze right at me. Piercing at my soul... she slowly turns around.
  &quot;You rejected her, killing her using your words.&quot; Its words are like knives cutting deep inside me. I can feel my anger rising...
  &quot;Shut up!&quot; I shouted.
  I chase after her, she stops and slowly turn around me. Blood is dripping on her mouth, there is a whole in her chest blood flowing on it. Her eyes were cold and blank.
  &quot;Y-you k-killed me...&quot; She mumbled, pointing at me.
  My eyes grow wide, looking down at my bloody hand. My whole body tremble at the sight of her heart still beating in my hands...
  NO! I didn't kill Klaire! I loved her!
  Her voice started to grow louder, her dead body was moving slowly to me. Whispering those words over and over. I wanted to vanish and run away... But the memory of the time where I turn my back on her stops me.
  Closing my eyes, trying to remember something else. Another scenario flash in front of me. It was the night where we sleep together. She was peacefully sleeping in my arms. My wolf glare at me not liking what he was seeing.
  I smile to myself, remembering the way her beautiful eyes glows as she stares at the night sky, how her soft skin touches mine. that memory was the only thing that keeps me going. Once I open my eyes all the voices were gone.
  I stared directly into my wolf's eyes. His eyes were still glowing but they look calmer now. I took a step closer to him. His black fur reminded me of this dark place where he was lock up. It was cold and empty, just like how it felt when she was gone.
  &quot;You wanted to her back...&quot; He whispered, I patted his head and nodded my head. He looks satisfied right now,
  &quot;You were really a selfish prick.&quot; He mumbled laughing at his statement.
  &quot;Yes, and now let's go back to our mate together.&quot; I mutter looking directly into his eyes. His eyes softened.
  &quot;I hope you will be able to protect her this time...&quot;His eyes glows one last time before finally close them.
  ***
  I close my eyes and breathe slowly, trying to calm my anger. And feeling the flow of this new power inside me. I open my eyes, only to find that the first person that I wanted to see was looking back at directly at me with surprised.
  I slowly stand on my feet the ground started to crack as I step, so this is what my father meant when he said that your beast will test your control. For it will determine how you will use his power. This new power flowing in my body is overwhelming. I can feel my muscles grow bigger and my body feels lighter than before.
  The pack members started cheering as I step out of the barrier. My eyes still focus on Klaire, she was also watching me back. Her hair returns to black as well as her eyes.
  &quot;I'm proud of you my Son!&quot; My mother wrapped her arms around me and pulled me into a hug.
  I didn't hug her back, afraid that I might crash her because of my new found strength. My father once reminds me that it will take time before I get myself used to this strength.
  The cheer from the South Lake Pack started, indicating Rion succeed and was the 2nd one to regain his power. I glance at him; he was still smiling. I followed who he was smiling to.
  I clench my fist trying to stop myself from snatching Rion's eyes off. I let out a deep breath as I watch them stare at each other.
  &quot;Dwayne...&quot; My mother squeezes my hand taking my attention off her. I look back at my mother who is now worried that I might burst out again. I shake my head. I started walking away from them.
  I stop as I heard the loud explosion, my head snap at the direction of the loud explosion. It was coming from the East Mansion. Everyone started moving, the other Alpha's is already done by the time being.
  &quot;ROGUES!&quot;
  Someone shouted. The footsteps of the rogues were getting louder as they got near us.
  I automatically went in front; Zion was right next to me.
  &quot;Go, help the children and elders away from here.&quot; I instructed, he nodded his head and started moving.
  The rogues appear not long before Zion was done. They are hundreds surrounding us. I don't have a good feeling around them. It was my first time seeing red eye werewolves.
  &quot;Those rogues look exactly as the ones that attack us.&quot; Rion and his Beta Lindon started moving around.
  I glance back at the Rogues that Lindon was referring to, they are the once with red eyes and dark fur.
  One of them remain on his human form. His eyes were red like blood; I can't see his face because something is blocking my eye view. Only the color of his eyes is visible.
  &quot;Give me back what you took from me.&quot; His voice was low and cold but something about it is giving me goosebumps. The pressure of his words is overbearing...
  The rogues around him started to lower their head. They were too afraid to lift their head at his presence.
  &quot;What the hell are he talking about?!&quot;
  I glance at the new Alpha of the White Moon; his name is Cameron if I'm not mistaken. The irritation from his voice is evident.
  The leading rogue didn't answer; his eyes was staring blankly on me?
  &quot;We don't have the patience to play around rogue.&quot; The one from the Alpha of the Golden Arid said, flashing his claws. His name is Harid, if I remember it right. He tilts his head on the side.
  &quot;I see...&quot; The leading rogue utter, a wave of overbearing pain made me gasp. I felt this before. The same pain, it was like every limb of my body is being thorn into pieces.
  I was on my knees before I knew it, it wasn't just me. Everyone around us is feeling the same thing.
  Harid was already on his knees, hands on the ground trying to support his weight.
  &quot;Fuck!&quot; It was Rion's voice, he was also trying to keep himself from falling.
  I tried to scan the crowd everyone is already unconscious. It was just me, the Alpha's and the Royals who are still standing. Even my Father can't stand it and was now unconscious.
  I was surprised to Klaire standing like she wasn't feeling anything, as well as the 4 Royals. They are all glaring at one direction. The Rogues surrounding us.
  &quot;Get everyone else away from here.&quot; Klaire's voice was directing at us and with that, the pain stops. I turn my head to her. Her hair was back to silver-white, her gold and red eyes was furious.
  She didn't even glance at my direction; with a swift move she was already gripping the neck of one of the rogues following a loud snap.
  My eyes grow wide at what she just did. She snapped it like it was nothing. She turned to look our way, I didn't notice that I'm the only one who is not moving. Rion, Harid and Cameron was already carrying the unconscious body away.
  I took a step forward, feeling my power radiating over my Body. My wolf is quite excited to come out and try his new strength. Especially after he felt that overbearing pain.
  &quot;Don't.&quot; A soft voice stopped me from my track. She was staring at me; the Four Royals were standing beside her.
  Cameron, Harid and Rion already returned. They all stood beside me, the presence of their power is quite known, as I feel their auras.
  &quot;Shall we show them what we got?&quot; Harid mutters with his sly smile. I ignore his remark and focus on her.
  Klaire's eyes was intense and worried? She shifted her eyes with the 3 other Alpha's. Her eyes glowing...
  &quot;Get out of here.&quot; She ordered, her voice send shiver down to my spine. The authority on her voice is really something.
  &quot;Klaire, calm down, we need extra hands right now.&quot; Clint mumbled.
  Klaire head snaps at Clint. Does she hate the idea of having me around her? That was more painful than earlier.
  &quot;We can't...&quot; She stops and just nodded her head. She didn't glance back at me after that.
  &quot;Focus on their heart.&quot; Clint said, grasping the first wolf that was near him. Clint's hand put a hole on the Rogues body. His heart was out.
  &quot;Get ready, this night will be long.&quot;

###chapter 31 Attack
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  &quot;Get ready, this night will be long.&quot;
  My mouth curl into a smile, my wolf was relentless. He wanted to crawl his claws out. I scan the grounds we are totally outnumbered.
  &quot;This is going to be fun.&quot; Cameron mumbled to himself. As he started shifting to his wolf, revealing his dark brown wolf.
  Harid followed his new wolf, it was bigger as expected. Snarling at the Rogues in front of us. My eyes stop at Klaire's direction. She was just standing at center with her eyes only looking at one direction. I follow where she was staring so intensely but found nothing.
  She turns her head at me, feeling my gaze. Her eyes are blank; I can't read what she was thinking. In a swift move she made the rogues whimper. the rogues near her was now crunching on the ground. Crying in pain, it was just a guess but that was exactly the same thing that happened before us. How did she?
  A loud growl snaps me out of my thoughts. A rogue was now on top of me, snarling his teeth at me. I used my hands to stop his head from getting near me.
  &quot;Ack-&quot; a loud cry came from the rogue who attack me, as he lost his strength. Stumbling on the floor in pain. His claws were digging at the ground as he whimpered in pain and in a snap.
  I glance back at the only person who could do this, Klaire was staring intensely at the rogue. Her eyes were glowing. She just stops once the rogue was dead.
  &quot;Either you help, or get out of here.&quot; She said coldly, shifting her eyes back in front of her.
  The four royals beside her, shifted to their wolves. Four silver white wolfs was standing beside her. Their eyes are glowing with intent to kill whoever comes their way. You can smell the metallic scent of blood mixing in the air.
  &quot;Some of the rogues are like just shadows, our attacks are useless.&quot; Rion mumbled, I didn't even notice he was standing next to me.
  &quot;What do you mean?&quot; I ask, he was pertaining to the weird rogues with red eyes and dark fur.
  &quot;I tried to attack one of them, but my hand just slips into nothing. &quot; Rion pointed at Harid who is fighting one of them.
  Harid was in disadvantage, one of the Royals help him. I don't know who is who among them. But he jumps right above the rogue and chew his head off.
  &quot;Aim for the head if you want to fight one of those.&quot; Clint mutter, then shifted back to his wolf.
  I shifted to my wolf, Rion did the same thing. We somehow manage to kill some of the rogues but they still keep coming.
  I growl at the rogue who is challenging me. It was one of the red eyes rogues. His eyes are glowing with the killer intent. Teeth elongated, Sharp canines flashing. We both squared up each other. I can't underestimate their strength. If I didn't receive my new found power, I wouldn't last to him.
  Letting out one loud growl, the rogue charges once more. I quickly went to defensive position, preparing for the impact of his attack. The rogue was a lot heavier than I had predicted as the rogue slams into me with full force. Letting out a grunt, I bite his neck, wrapping my canines deeper. I heard the snap of his bones, but he still tried to bite my face off while his body trembled with pain. When I finally let go of my grip he was already dead.
  This time I charge to another rogue, he was busy fighting Cameron when I jump over his head, and chew his head off. I can taste the metallic taste of blood in my mouth. Cameron nodded his head and we both went back to fighting with the other rogues.
  I didn't notice one of the rogues attack and end up getting hit. I gritted out before falling onto my back, using the momentum to kick the rogue over my head. He whined from the impact but I didn't give him a chance to recover and broke his neck. He lay their breathless.
  Another wolf came rushing to me, I kicked him in the stomach as soon as I saw an opening. He yelped and by the sound of the crack, I knew I broke a couple of his ribs. I jump back not letting his take a breath and snap his head off.
  By the time we are done fighting all the rogues, another group came running. We are already exhausted and Harid got injured during the fight, his arm is bleeding heavily. His wounds were not healing, one indication that they use poison to keep us from healing faster. Harid and Cameron was already in their human form. The field is already covered with blood, bodies of rogues scattered around. The Royals fur was covered with blood, just like me and Rion.
  I glance my surroundings to look for Klaire, she was nowhere to be found. Did she get caught up by the rogues? I was on the verge of panic when I felt an intense power emerging around us.
  I followed the source of that power and saw Klaire. I could see a distinct outline of glow around her, I couldn't see the details but more or less the heavy feeling of the pressure around her is evident.
  The rogues also stop on their track as they felt the intensity in the air. Klaire's gaze was focus on the new arrival rogues. She was surrounded by this golden light; her silver-white hair was flowing.
  I notice a large flow of energy emanating around her, it was much distinct than the glow around her. Black and gold was the color of it. The atmosphere around us is changing a certain heaviness in the air would sit on your shoulder until it felt like you would be crashed. It was getting harder and harder to breathe.
  I tried keeping my focus but it became harder as the pressure is crashing me. I shifted to my human form because it was getting harder for me to maintain my wolf form, Rion was already in his human form before me. He was with Cameron and Harid. Harid was already unconscious. Probably also due to the pressure.
  The rogues growl louder at us; we are still outnumbered by them. But they aren't that many like before. I glance back at Klaire. Her back was facing me so I can't see her expression. My eyes grow wide when the rogues started attacking each other.
  I have no idea why, but they are killing each other. My eyes snap at Klaire. She was smiling at the gruesome site in front of her. Like she was enjoying it? Her eyes were blank when she turns her to my direction. She probably felt my gaze. Her gaze was sending shiver down my spine.
  &quot;Sleep...&quot; Her voice is the last thing I remember before, I felt the sudden heaviness in my eyes. And before I know I was falling into a deep sleep.
  ***
  When I woke up I was already in my room. I supported my head with my hand as I felt a little dizzy when I got up of my bed.
  Sarah burst out of the door, she hurriedly wrapped her arms around me. She was crying.
  &quot;I was so worried about you, when I heard that there was a rogue attack. I didn't know what to do.&quot; She mumbled while sobbing.
  I stroke her hair to comfort her. I was still feeling a little confused about everything that happened.
  &quot;I was okay, Sarah.&quot; I mumbled, putting my hands on her shoulders to keep a distance.
  &quot;You were unconscious for 3 days!&quot;
  I frowned at what she said. 3 days? So that happened already 3 days ago? I went to my balcony to check the surroundings. It looks quite normal like before. No more blood around, not even the smell of blood or rogues.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I ask, unsure what I wanted to hear.
  She crossed her arms and gave me a glass of water. She was staring at me intensely.
  &quot;The Luna marking is postponed after the attack. Then the Royals track down the rogues who attack that night but they still found nothing. The Alpha of Golden Arid was still unconscious. They found poison on the canines of those rogues. Also the flowers used in the succession was also one of the reason why the pack felt unconscious except you and the other Alpha's.&quot; She explains.
  Flowers? So that was the reason why it was harder for us to locate the scent of rogues.
  I nodded my head, letting out a deep sigh. I still have no idea what just happened. But the connection between the rogues and the royals is quite obvious. The way Klaire reacted to that unknown man is quite suspicious.
  &quot;I'll take a shower; you could go downstairs first.&quot; I didn't wait for her answer and step inside the bathroom.
  I need to clear my thoughts and the cold water will help me come back to my senses.

###chapter 32  Diary
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  After I shower, I head downstairs where my parents are waiting for me together with Sarah and Zion.
  &quot;Good morning Alpha.&quot;
  I nodded my head to the pack members that started greeting me when I finally reach the 1st floor.
  &quot;How are you?&quot;
  My mother asks worried, I hug her back.
  &quot;I'm fine mom.&quot; I let go of her and look at my father's direction. He nodded his head indicating he knew what I was thinking already.
  &quot;Let's talk to my office.&quot; I mumbled and head to the old office of my father. Zion followed us from behind.
  The office had change a little but the same interior is still there. A new long table was already being replace. I sat down at my new claimed position. My Father and Zion sat in front of me.
  &quot;Any news with the Royals?&quot;
  They look intrigued as I am right now. Zion shake his head.
  &quot;After the incident, the Royals remain silent. But we already talk to Clint about it and he agreed to come here when the princess is awake.&quot;
  I froze on Zion's last statement, awake? Did Klaire get hurt? What happened to her after I lost consciousness?
  &quot;Klaire was fine, they said she just used to much of her power.&quot; My father said, noticing my sudden discomfort.
  &quot;On the other hand, did you find out who is behind the flower?&quot; My father clenches his fist at the thought.
  Those flowers have some kind of poison that weakened our senses, during that night we didn't even notice the rogues got inside our territory.
  &quot;We suspected the White Moon Alpha, but found no evidence at all. The poison found in the flower didn't match to the poisons they develop. It was a higher type of poison wherein you won't see any traces until it releases the toxins itself.&quot; My father explained.
  We also did inspect those cargo of flowers before we let them use it. But we found nothing suspicious about them.
  &quot;Keep investigating, Zion you will be in charge of this matter. The damn rat is getting into my nerves.&quot; I didn't notice that the pen I was holding snaps because of my grip.
  &quot;Yes Alpha.&quot; Zion answered.
  After both of them fill me in about everything that I need to know while I was unconscious, I dismissed them. I need to see the other Alpha's and discuss what happened last time.
  The issue with the Royals, with Klaire... I need to address it as soon as possible. I let out a deep sigh, what is happening? Is this also one of the reason why she keeps on pushing me away? And that guy, the one who is leading the attack. Who was he? All I can remember is the red blood eyes, his face is blurry in my head. Like a picture.
  According to Zion's report, they woke up the next morning in the pack house. And when they get out there is no traces of rogues found anywhere in the Territory. We suspect the royals clean it up after we lost consciousness. But I have no idea how or why would they do that.
  My thoughts are still puzzled; one thing is sure. Klaire was from the direct bloodline of the King. But nothing about it is clear. The history or the truth behind them is still unknown. Also those powers aren't normal.
  I even remember how fast the royals are to the point that even those shadow like rogues can't handle them. They tore those rogues to pieces.
  A knock brought me out of my thoughts. I glance at the person who just entered it was Rion. He has a bandage on his left arm, he got it obviously from the fight.
  &quot;Please take a sit.&quot;
  He took the seat where Zion was seated earlier.
  &quot;I heard you also just woke up.&quot; Rion mumbled. He places his hand under his chin.
  &quot;It looks like we all woke up after 3 days.&quot; He added. I don't know why he was here.
  &quot;What do you want?&quot; I ask, not wanting this conversation to take longer.
  &quot;Well, I found this.&quot; Rion drops an old book that I didn't notice he was holding.
  &quot;What's this?&quot;
  Rion pulled the book and flip it open. It was too old, the page of the book brown already, and the smell of old books mixed with a hint of dust reach my nostrils.
  &quot;I just found this, and it might contain something that may help us.&quot; Rion announces. He looks proud at that thought.
  I was about to ask where he got this but something caught my attention as he flips the pages.
  It was the same markings that I saw in the child's back. I didn't remember seeing it that time, but somehow it flashed through my mind like a piece of memory. It was a crescent moon symbol with some unknown language written inside the crescent moon.
  &quot;Have you seen this?&quot; Rion asks, noticing my attention on the picture.
  &quot;They said it was the forbidden marking or the marking of death. It was used by the Demon followers. I'm not sure about the details.&quot; He explained.
  &quot;Where did you find it?&quot; I grabbed the book in his hand and started flipping the pages.
  &quot;I found it in the forest it was lying on the ground. Like someone drops it.&quot; He answered, shrugging his shoulders.
  It was a diary. The handwriting was cursive and an old style. I scanned the pages of it.
  'It was the 22nd moon day?' 
  What does that even mean? I continue reading.
  'It was still unconscious during this time, it was already being a month since the experiment started. There is still no sign that this body will accept it. I injected another dose of blood as instructed, the subject woke up but again no sign of any progress.'
  I flip the pages and continue reading it.
  'It was already being 5 months and still no sign of progress. They even captured another subject to use for the experiments. I was now in the cold laboratory where the first subject is chained. I grabbed the syringe with blood on it, lifting the subject arms before injecting the blood on it. I waited for a few minutes to see if there will be a reaction this time. But again nothing.
  I turn my back on the subject and instructed them to take the subject back to the dungeon.'
  I flip another page...
  'Another session was done today with the same old process of injecting blood on the subject. Then this happened, I was just done injecting the subject when I felt the warm liquid running down my nose. I wiped it and found blood, followed by the sudden dizziness. I glance back to the subject who is staring at me coldly, with a blank expression.
   
  I suddenly shiver when our eyes meet, lips forming a smile. I order them to take her back quickly to the dungeon after that.
   
  I stumbled to the floor when the subject was out. I have no idea what just happened back then.'
  Flipping another page and started reading again.
  'After what happened last time, the subject started showing progress. It was starting to accept the blood. We are now going to move to the next stage after the 2 years' progress. The other subjects were also taken to the laboratory. during this period. This time, it would be the blood that is taken from the first subject before the experiment starts will be the one that we will use to the other subjects.'
  I continue reading the other entry.
  'It was already being 4 months since the blood transfusion started for the other subjects. They started showing progress faster than expected. The physical strength started to increase as well as their speed. The phase became progressed faster than anticipated. At this rate, the goal will be achieved in just a matter of time.'
  I trace the last part of the entry...
  'We are under attack, I have no idea what happened but the Subjects just got out of hand and started killing everyone they see. I was able to get out of the building before I was caught, not the first subject let me out. I trembled at the thought of remembering when our eyes met.
   
  He would kill me once he found out that the subject that he treasured was gone. I set the whole place on fire hoping that it would stop them.'
  That was the last entry from the diary. I scan it again trying to see if I miss any pages. But there is none, I didn't notice it earlier but the diary is covered with a stain of blood?
  &quot;So what do you think? Someone drop that on purpose.&quot; Rion stated, having the same thoughts as me.
  &quot;We need to find who drop this.&quot;

###chapter 33 Dream
  Klaire's P.O.V
  *** In Vision ***
  I open my eyes and found myself back in that same dark place. I'm here again, but this time I wasn't alone.
  I was staring at me myself?
  No, it was not me at the same time.
  She looks exactly like me except for her red eyes. She was smiling at me.
  &quot;Open the door, let me in.&quot; She whispered in my ears.
  I glance at the red door, my hand moving on its own. Slowly twisting the doorknob.
  &quot;I don't know who you are but what the hell do you want from me?&quot; I shouted. She smiled at me the started moving closer to me.
  &quot;Stop lying to yourself... You know me, because I was you!&quot; She giggled while rolling the strands of my hair with her hand.
  &quot;You know that better than anyone else. Look at what is in front of you!&quot;
  I glance at my own reflection; she shows me the markings on my back. It was the same as her.
  Tears started streaming down my face as my memories started flooding back to me...
  No this isn't real! It can't be true!
  I close my eyes trying to block her out.
  &quot;You are not real! You are not me! So get out of my head! This isn't real!&quot;
  She lifted my face up, I close my eyes tightly not wanting to open them.
  She whispered again to my ears and my body move on its own. I slowly open my eyes; tears were streaming down my face.
  What is in front of me was me, but the older version... Striking silver-white hair but with red eyes.
  I'm glowing, I have no idea where was this place bat on what I can picture it was a battlefield. Bodies were scattered around, blood is everywhere.
  The other half I notice the familiar markings; those are from the factions. And on the other side where I or the older me was standing holding a beating heart in my hands.
  I can't even recognize myself, the older me look completely different, she's expression was blank, and the chilly feeling around me. I can feel her killing intent. The smirk on her face was giving me goosebumps.
  &quot;You're all gonna die out here.&quot; Her voice was different. It's like someone was inside me? It was low and creepy.
  With one look the werewolves who wanted to attack just vanished, blood splashed as they became dust.
  &quot;That was funny...&quot; I heard she mumbled, and saw she licking the blood in her hands. She already throws the heart away.
  They all froze as they witness what just happened to their colleagues. None of them wanted to move. She tilted her head, she looked bored.
  &quot;If you won't fight anymore. I could start doing this-&quot; She vanish and when she reappears she was holding another heart in her hands.
  My eyes went wide at who that heart belongs to...it was Noah, or he looks exactly like Noah. Blood gushed out of his mouth. His hand was holding his chest where his missing heart was located
  That's when I notice that their faces were familiar, Eliot or the person who looks like Eliot rush to where the lifeless Noah was lying. Yustef and Clint were nowhere to be found...
  I scan the battlefield trying to find where they are. My hands went to my mouth, eyes wide. Clint was lying on the floor next to where the one who looked like me was standing. His heart is also missing. Then it hit me, the heart that she was holding earlier was from Clint.
  &quot;Amara stop this.&quot; Eliot's voice was pleading. He was holding Noah's body in his arms.
  &quot;But I was just starting.&quot; She mumbled then laughed like everything was just a joke to her.
  I glance back at the Faction, only a few of them were standing, 10 werewolves in total including Eliot. Yustef was still nowhere to be found.
  &quot;I don't wanna fight with you, but I won't let you kill everyone here.&quot; Eliot slowly let go of Noah's body.
  Eliot's eyes were glowing and within a minute he shifted to his Wolf, that same white fur gleaming to the moonlight.
  &quot;Finally.&quot; She mumbled with excitement. She even claps her hand as she walks slowly to Eliot.
  Eliot's wolf growl at her, you can feel the ground shaking. He slowly marches to her, eyes watching.
  She attacks first but Eliot dodges it smoothly, the impact of her attack on the ground was evident.
  She shook off the dust in her hand, glancing at Eliot with a boring look.
  &quot;Oh yeah, I forgot you have a vision.&quot; She uttered, then vanish again. This time she caught Eliot's neck. His wolf was towering over her but she lifted him like he was nothing.
  &quot;But did you forget that those powers belong to me?&quot; She smirks, tightening her grip on his neck. I can hear the bones breaking.
  A loud crash made me flinch, I didn't see what exactly happened but the next thing I know she crash on the wall across the field. The whole wall crumbled to pieces.
  I glance back at the cause of the loud crash. My heart started beating fast... It was Yusef and Dwayne.
  Dwayne looks exactly as I remember him to be. Blond hair, green-blue eyes glowing. He looks more mature and firmer right now. His chest was showing his Alpha marking.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; Yustef asks Eliot who is gasping for air. Eliot shifted back to his human form after he got out of her grip.
  Eliot nodded his head while his hands were still on his neck, the bruise was showing. Yusef helps Eliot standstill.
  &quot;Seriously? What a buzz kill.&quot;
  My eyes snap at her; she was already on her feet like nothing happened.
  &quot;Amara, stop this nonsense already!&quot; Dwayne said, his voice was low but wary. I notice his hand was shaking...
  &quot;And if I don't stop? Are you going to kill me, my mate?&quot; Her words were amused, what she just said made me stiff. What the hell was happening?
  Dwayne didn't answer instead Yustef shifted and rush forward to attack the older me or Amara. Yustef's lightning speed made it hard for me to follow his every move. Only the sound of clashing filled the air followed by a loud thud in the ground.
  Amara was sitting right above Yustef, pinning him down on the ground. Yustef tried to struggle but it was useless? He shifted back to his human form, meaning he was giving up.
  No! You can't! I wanted to shout that but my voice won't come out.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; Yustef mumbled, then glance at Dwayne's or Aiden's location. &quot;NOW!&quot; Yustef shouted.
  Everything happened too fast, Dwayne rush to Amara, and he was holding a sword that I didn't notice earlier. Yustef made sure that Amara won't get out of there, he used his body to hug her.
  &quot;NOOOOO!&quot; Amara started struggling but it was useless, the sword was already buried in her chest.
  Dwayne was closed his eyes as tears streamed down his face. His hands caught Amara's body. He holds her in his arms as he cries.
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; Dwayne keeps mumbling,
  &quot;I-I w-will c-come back... We w-will meet a-again,&quot; Amara said struggling to her words. Her eyes turn back to normal just like her hair. She smiles sadly...
  I didn't notice that I was crying until I felt the warm water on my cheeks. I clench my chest, I can feel their pain and it was sad and tormenting. Like my soul had been stabbed into pieces.
  *** Vision finished ****
  &quot;Klaire!&quot;
  I blink a few times trying to adjust my eyes from the light. I was already in my room. And Clint's face was right next to mine.
  &quot;Are you okay? I heard you shouting.&quot; Clint mumbled worried. Eliot, Yustef, and Noah rush to my room, probably hearing the same thing.
  I can feel my heart still beating too fast, I glance at Noah. The image of his heart in my hand made my face pale. I glance at my hands, there's is no blood in them.
  It was just a dream. Klaire, calm down!
  I tried to calm myself but then I saw Amara. She was staring at me with the same smirk on her face.
  Clint notices my reaction and turns around to see what I'm looking at.
  &quot;What is it?&quot; He asks worriedly.
  I close my eyes and shake my head. Clint hug me tightly and I did the same. Closing my eyes, feeling his warm body. The image of his lifeless body was buried in my mind. I can't believe that I did that to him and all those werewolves...
  &quot;Shhh... Everything will be okay. We are here with you.&quot; Clint whispered. I hold him tighter.
  No! You can't be with me... You can't!
  &quot;I saw something, I... I killed everyone and&quot; I wasn't able to finish my sentence as tears stream down my face.
  I can feel Clint's body stiffen at my words. I pulled away and stare at them in the eyes. Clint wipe my tears away using his thumb... then whisper something and I felt my head become light-headed.
  &quot;It was just a dream...&quot;
  It was the last thing I remember before sleep fully consume me.

###chapter 34  Rion
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The diary thing made me can't fall sleep.
  The next day, I went to the office in advance. Cameron and Harid were also arrived in a few minutes and sat in their places.
  Another a few minutes later, Clint arrived with the other 2, Noah and Yustef.
  I look around trying to find the only person that I was interested in seeing right now. But Klaire was nowhere to be found.
  &quot; Klaire can't come because she was still recovering.&quot; Clint mutter, making me give up.
  Rion hadn't shown up yet. He's already late, so I was about to let Zion call him. But he just arrived with apology.
  We are now ready to hear what the royals were about to say.
  My place was in the Center, Clint sat across me, the other two followed him and took the seat on each side of him.
  &quot;I know you all have questions about us, so let's start with the legend that you all know about.&quot; Clint started, he was staring right back at me. His eyes were piercing, the way his eyes somehow looked like hers was making me uncomfortable.
  &quot;You all know about the elders who created the Factions, but the Central Kingdom was already established before the Factions. The silver hair lady was the one who started the Central Kingdom or the royals. She was the daughter of the King of Werewolves, and the daughter of the great Luna who has the blessing from the Moon Goddess.&quot; Clint stops for a moment then glances at us, trying to see any reaction. When he was satisfied with he continued.
  &quot;She inherited both her parents' power, but she was born human just like her mother. During the war stated in the legend, she and the royals fought beside the Factions against another pack of werewolves which we all know as rogues, the ones who don't have a place of origins. They won the war because of her like what was written. But because her power was too strong to the point that she couldn't control it anymore. It resulted in her to lost sight of everything. She died by the hands of her mate.&quot; Clint looked at me and muttered the last part with some unknown tone on it. It somehow sounded sad.
  The last detail was not written in the book. And it made felt painful about the sentence that she died by the hands of her mate.
  &quot;After that war, the Central Kingdom became known to every pack of werewolves, not even single werewolves have no idea about the Central Kingdom. This is where our birth started. It was said to us by the great elders that one day another set of royals will be born as well as the birth of another human born out of werewolf blood.&quot; Clint's eyes stop at me.
  It felt like everything sink in. Like puzzle pieces were starting to come into places.
  &quot;Klaire was born right after me. She was human and that was the indication that the prophecy was real. Yustef and Eliot were born before us. Then Noah. The five of us were born in the same year, meaning we are the chosen royals.&quot; Clint added, his eyes shifted at the map that is showing the whole Kingdom. Each marking of territories was stated there.
  &quot;We know that another war will come into place. That's why we are here, the past weeks have been eventful. The new Alpha's are selected now. Meaning the training will be much harder. What we fought last time is nothing compared to what you are about to witness. These rogues are not your typical werewolves. They are stronger, so don't ever underestimate them.&quot; Clint uttered. he showed some documents that have some information about the rogues.
  My eyes were focused on the red eyes man that we saw last time. His face was still not visible in the drawings. Clint notice my attention and pick the picture he showed to us.
  &quot;This is their Leader. We still have no idea what he looks like. Only his red eyes are what we know. His power was still unknown to us. But he was the most powerful among them. &quot; Clint showed another six pictures of faces that I just saw, but one of them caught my attention. It was the rogue that we fought last time in the East Mansion that I took his heart out.
  &quot;That one is already dead,&quot; I mumbled, and Clint didn't look surprised by what I said and took his picture.
  &quot;This guy is Merix, the one you fought with is probably one of his clones. He has a hobby of creating clones of himself. A perfect copy even the scent and the way they think. The power may not match the original but the clones are still stronger than ordinary werewolves.&quot; Clint explained.
  Now that he mentioned it, I did notice that before.
  &quot;This is Ali, the shadow-like wolves we fought last time were because of his doings. Ria, she likes beautiful things, but she was someone that you shouldn't underestimate. She has a sadistic nature like Leon. Leon has the strength that the combination of 3 higher-rank werewolves. He may not look like that, but he can kill you. Galaz is the right hand, all the other 4 persons were following his orders in accordance with the red eyes order. And this is Vicky, she was the one who was in charge of their laboratory. We suspect that she was the one who created the poisons and the toxins in the flowers&quot; Clint explained.
  A loud bang of the doorstop us, we all turn our heads at Eliot who doesn't have a good complexion.
  &quot;Klaire is missing!&quot; He announced weakly, he was holding the door frame firmly.
  &quot;What do you mean she was missing?!&quot; Both Clint and I said in unison. We are both on our feet, Clint went to Eliot and help him sit.
  I also went closer to Eliot. I need to know what happened. My heart is pounding in my chest; I can feel my palms sweating. I'm stopping myself from running to the East Mansion to check if Eliot was telling the truth.
  Eliot grabbed Clint's collar and looked at him dead serious in his eyes.
  &quot;He took her; I don't know what happened. I just felt like my whole body became weak and when I woke up I was like this. It took me 10 minutes to make my fingers move. It was already an hour before I could stand, when I went to her room she was already missing.&quot; He muttered.
  I wanted to punch him in the face for not watching Klaire but particularly it should be me who should watch and protect her.
  &quot;Did you try tracking her?&quot; Clint asks. Eliot shake his head.
  &quot;I did, but it wasn't working. I can't use my ability.&quot; Eliot said looking down like he was embarrassed that he couldn't use his ability.
  What ability they are talking about right now?
  Again another attack happened and we have no idea about it.
  I clench my fist feeling all my frustrations. I don't know what will I do if something happened to her. The image of her that night came to my mind. My strength is no match to her. But, if something did happen, I wouldn't be able to continue. I can't afford to lose her.
  &quot;Stay here and wait for us. You need to recover first.&quot;
  Eliot was about to stand but Clint stop him. Clint called someone and ordered him to take Eliot to the Clinic.
  &quot;We need to fight back.&quot; I announced. I jump out of my seat and followed them.
  &quot;I'm coming with you.&quot; Clint stop for a second. He still has his back to me.
  &quot;Make sure to keep up.&quot; I smiled at his remarks, three footsteps followed me from behind.
  &quot;We are going to.&quot; Cameron and Harid announce.
  I turn to look at them. Their faces are telling me they are serious.
  &quot;We still need to get back to those rogues 10 times of what they did to us,&quot; Harid said, he looked pissed at the thought of what happened last time.
  &quot;I will stay behind just in case they came back,&quot; Rion said. I nodded my head at him.
  We need someone to watch over, Harid and Cameron stood beside me.
  The royals shifted, showing their large sliver-white wolves. We also shifted after, following them from behind. We move separately just to scout the area if there are still traces of rogues or anyone that took Klaire. But we found nothing.
  We went deeper in the forest until we reach the border. We decided to move into groups by two. Clint was with me, Yustef was with Cameron and Noah was with Harid.
  It was starting to feel colder as we enter the dark forest further. My wolf adjusted in the dark. It was snowing out here, the cold damp texture of the snow saw stuffing my paws. It was becoming harder to run faster as the snow was starting to get heavier.
  Clint stop probably noticing the drastic changes. I scan our surroundings. There is still no sign at all, only endless trees. We usually avoided going to the dark forest because we might end up getting lost and the mysterious creatures lurking around here have killed thousands of werewolves.
  We heard some branches breaking, my head snap in the direction where the sound came from but found nothing. We continue our search but still found no luck. When we got out it was already dark.
  &quot;Where are you...&quot;

###chapter 35  Missing
  Klaire's P.O.V
  About 2 hours ago.
  When I completely waked up, Clint told me that I was unconscious for a straight whole week.
  I stayed in my room after what happened yesterday. The dream I had kept bothering me, it felt so real to me. I even ask Clint if I said or did anything, before he woke me up but he said none and told me that he was just about to check on me when he notice that I was having a nightmare.
  And then another matter about the factions. We need to deal with them first. I asked Clint to keep the details about my past. I don't want another chaos to happen within the faction and the Central Kingdom.
  We will just let them believe the part of the legend they know. And do nothing about it, we will just add the details about my birth.
  So Clint, Yustef, and Noah are going to handle the matters with faction, while Eliot was left behind to keep an eye on me, if those rogues plan to return and attack again.
  A knock on the door made me flinch, it was Eliot. I still feel guilty whenever our eyes meet. The image of his neck on my hands is giving me goosebumps.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot;
  I still haven't talked to them about the details of my dreams, I can't seem to let myself tell them the detail on how I killed almost everyone in my dream and the part where I took both of their life with my own hands.
  &quot;I don't wanna talk about it,&quot; I mumbled while looking out of the window. The feeling of that dream is still fresh, plus the things that happened during the succession.
  &quot;You still don't remember everything, so don't blame yourself.&quot;
  Here we were again, they kept telling me that everything was okay, but we all knew that what happened that night was beyond normal.
  They all said the same thing that I didn't remember everything so I shouldn't blame myself. But who else would I blame? The whole pack was endangered because of me.
  I turn around to face him. &quot;We both know it is my fault,&quot; I mumbled then lower my head.
  If it was not because of me, that person I never want to meet again wouldn't be there... then I would not be able to lose control and end up hurting the others.
  Eliot looks down for a second then glances back at me. His eyes are worried and sad.
  &quot;It was never your fault, Klaire. We failed to notice his movements and that was not your fault.&quot; Eliot said trying to comfort me. 
  I strange moment flashed into my mind.
  &quot;I will keep my promise, Amara. We will stop you no matter what happened... I'm sorry,&quot; Clint's uttered in his last breath before I took his heart out of his chest.
  What was that...
  &quot;Are you okay? Klaire?&quot; Eliot was now supporting me; I didn't notice him getting close. I pulled away from him in a hurry while holding my head.
  &quot;Yes,&quot; I answered unsurely, sudden I feel a little dizzy. He supported me and help me to sit
  &quot;Should I call Clint and the others?&quot; He asked worriedly.
  &quot;Kla-&quot;
  I stop him using my hand. He sighed and took a step back.
  &quot;Are you sure?&quot;
  I nodded my head at him,
  &quot;I'm alright, Eliot. I just feel a little dizzy but I am fine now. so no need to call them&quot; I pleaded, he wanted to say something but he stop himself.
  &quot;Please call me if you need anything. I will let you rest now.&quot; He mumbled, before heading out of my room.
  A few minutes later.
  &quot;So this is where you are.&quot;
  I turned around to see who is the intruder.
  My eyes went wide when I notice who he was. His flashy smile is still there but something about it is making me shiver.
  &quot;Rion...&quot; 
  His smile widens at hearing his name.
  &quot;You remembered, I'm honored, Princess.&quot; He uttered, I can feel the heaviness in the air. This isn't a good sign.
  &quot;What are you doing here?&quot; I ask, keeping my eyes on him. Watching his every move. I don't want to take my eyes off him just in case.
  &quot;Well, I think you know why I am here... Amara.&quot;
  I stiffen upon hearing that name. That name again, I glance at him confused and he just chuckles at my reaction.
  &quot;What did you just call me?&quot; I asked confused.
  He started walking around the room, my eyes were watching him with caution. He walked through the table and took the book that I was reading before. He started flipping the page then move on to the other corner of my room.
  &quot;How did you know that name?!&quot; I ask again, this time demanding for him to answer. He stops moving around and slowly marches towards me.
  &quot;Because I know everything.&quot; He mumbled.
  I frowned at his words. Know everything?
  My eyes widened at his words. Don't tell me he knew about my abduction?
  Before I could react, he was already right in front of me then blew some silver power right in my face and with that, I suddenly felt my head spinning...
  What I remember is that I was falling and he was walking slowly to me before everything went black.
  &quot;Eli...ot&quot;
  ***
  When I woke up, I didn't know how much time had passed. I was bound by some chains. The cold chains between my wrist and even in my legs. The familiar cold smell of dungeon, rusty old metals with the metallic scent of blood is mixing with the whole place.
  I tried pulling the chains but it was useless. Where the hell am I? I tried to scan the prison where I was locked in and found nothing. It was just dark, not even a tiny bit of light can be seen.
  Where on earth did Rion bring me? It was obvious right now that he was the traitor. But why? I guess I will find out later.
  My eyes adjusted in the dark, just like before.
  So I was once again in this place. I wanted to cry but that won't help me. I can feel my fear crawling inside me, but after everything I remember. This is nothing compared to my fear of myself.
  I can hear some footsteps approaching. I wanted to pretend to sleep but I can't talk to Rion if I was pretending.
  He was holding a torch in his hand when he got in. Now that I see his true self, I can feel my anger boiling. He let his pack members die! He knew about the rogue attack! He didn't stop me instead he wanted me to be there so we won't suspect him!
  &quot;You asshole!&quot; I wanted to slap his face but the chains won't let me get near him.
  Why is my power not working?! I tried tugging the chains again but it was useless.
  &quot;Don't waste your energy princess. Those chains are built to restrain you.&quot;
  I glare at him, he pulled a chair from the corner and sat in front of me.
  &quot;I know what you wanted to ask, why do I do this, right?&quot; Rion uttered amused and excited. I didn't answer him and kept glaring at him.
  &quot;It was simply because I wanna destroy the faction. And to do that I need to be the King of werewolves.&quot; He said, then started laughing like a lunatic.
  &quot;You are out of your mind!&quot; I glared at him, I can believe that I'm hearing this from him.
  &quot;Maybe? But if I have the same powers like yours, it would be simple. Like what you did to those rogues that night. You told them to kill each other and they did it without second thoughts.&quot; He muttered amused.
  &quot;You don't even want to be in my shoes&quot; I answered, I meant every word I was telling him. He doesn't even know the dreadful part of having this kind of power.
  &quot;Oh please, stop with that kind of drama. You sounded like my mate, so I had no other choice but to kill her.&quot; Rion mumbled like it was nothing to him.
  I felt all my anger boil.
  &quot;YOU CRAZY BASTARD!&quot; I shouted and tried to attack him again, I can feel my flesh was getting cut because of the chains but I don't care. I wanna kill this bastard in front of me.
  &quot;Calm down, princess. We don't wanna waste that precious blood of yours, don't we?&quot; He pulled my hands at him to stop me from getting more hurt.
  &quot;Bastard!&quot; I spit at his face.
  Rion laughed and wipe his face with a handkerchief. He used the same handkerchief to wipe the blood from my wrist.
  &quot;Don't be impatient, you will know everything soon. But right now, he needs to meet you again.&quot;
  My face became pale as Rion mention him. I know too well who he was.
  &quot;Oh! You became silent, so you know who I am talking about.&quot; Rion started laughing at his own statement.
  I frowned at him, he was really a crazy son of a bitch!
  He places his hand on my chin, pulling my head hard to make me look at him. I can see his eyes glowing with enthusiasm.
  &quot;I'm also quite curious about your relationship with him. He was really obsessed with you to the point that if I touch even a single strand of your hair I will be dead.&quot; Rion mumbled, tightening his grip. He let go just on time before I started bleeding or bruising.
  &quot;I wouldn't want to live a marking in that pretty face of yours.&quot; He said, he turned his back on me.
  &quot;Where are you going? Get this thing off me!&quot; I shouted, but he didn't even glance back and continued walking until he vanished within my sight.
  I was now again alone in this cold dark place, I wrapped my arms around myself. Hugging myself. I can't believe that I'm in this situation again...

###chapter 36 Three
  Klaire's P.O.V
  Rion never came back after he left, I still have no idea where am I. I did try using my strength to break the chains but it was useless. I have no idea how long I've been unconscious and being in this dark dungeon is not helping also.
  I heard another clicking of keys, someone is coming. I ready myself just in case. The footsteps coming downstairs echoes in this quiet place. The light coming from the torch is starting to reflect meaning they are getting close.
  I closed my eyes because of the sudden light when they were in front of me. 3 unfamiliar faces were staring at me. One of them was a girl with short hair, she was wearing a mini skirt and tank top showing off her figure. Her hair was dyed with the color green. Two tall figures were standing right next to her. I can't see their faces because of the light.
  &quot;Is that her, Ali?&quot; Her voice was high pitch; you can hear the enthusiasm in it.
  &quot;Yeah, that was really her. I saw her that night.&quot; The one called Ali answered.
  I finally saw his face. He has a black hair and a well build body, his face had a scar right next to his left eyes. He was tall towering the two others.
  &quot;You said you fought with her friend right?&quot; She tilted her body. Her eyes were watching my reaction.
  &quot;Oh yes, the guy with the black large wolf. He actually killed my clone, might as well return the favor to him next time.&quot; His eyes are gleaming with malice of whatever thought he was thinking right at the moment.
  I clench my fist, when I realized what he was talking about. It was the time where the first attack happened right at the East Mansion. And by the person with black wolf he was talking about none other than Dwayne. I glared at him and if I got out of this chains, he will be the first one who will taste death in my hands.
  &quot;Oh don't be mad, I didn't mean to disturb you two by that time.&quot; He said, giving me the knowing look.
  If it was another situation I might end up blushing because of embarrassment but seeing his face make me even much angrier.
  &quot;I will kill you when I get out of here.&quot; I mumbled looking at him dead in the eyes. His hand landed on my cheeks giving me a hard slap. I can taste the blood from my lips.
  &quot;Oh sorry.&quot; He mumbled but his tone sounded pissed.
  I spit at his face; I smirk with satisfaction after seeing his pissed face.
  &quot;Hey, princess...&quot;
  I hissed at her, she was grasping my cheeks to make me look at her. I can feel her nails digging down my flesh.
  &quot;You have a really pretty face! And I like pretty thing.&quot; She smiled at me wickedly.
  &quot;Don't touch me.&quot; I warned, I tried pulling my face away from her but she tightened her grip.
  I felt the blood run down my cheeks. She smirks at seeing me bleed.
  &quot;Oops.&quot; She mumbled then started laughing like a lunatic. The other guy joined her.
  &quot;Enough of that Ria.&quot;
  Finally, the other one spoke, his voice was low and full of warning.
  My eyes shifted at the quiet one who just spoke. He was wearing a hoodie over his head, making it hard for me to see his face.
  Ria put both her hands in the air. &quot;Okay! Okay! I'll stop.&quot; She started backing away from me.
  I wipe my cheeks using my chained hands.
  &quot;Pussy...&quot; That guy name Ali mutter then started laughing at Ria.
  Ria smacks him using her hand making him stop.
  &quot;That hurts, you know!&quot; Ali complained then started rubbing his arms that is now starting to turn red.
  &quot;Pussy...&quot; Ria mocks back. And they started having their childish arguments.
  Just who the hell is this people? Are they really my captors?
  My eyes shifted at the mysterious guy. His eyes were lock at me. I can feel his cold gaze putting bullets on my head.
  &quot;Who are you?&quot; I asked.
  He stepped closer to me. He pulled his hoodie down. My eyes scan his face, haft of it is covered with a bandage. His eyes and forehead is the only thing that wasn't covered with a bandage.
  His eyes were a lighter shade of green, with a light brown shade of hair, his hands reach for my face.
  I move my head away. He stops mid-way then reach for it again. I didn't notice it earlier but his hands are also covered with a bandage. He wipes my cheeks using his thumb.
  &quot;I'm sorry about that.&quot; He whispered, his voice was low and soft. He somehow sounded apologetic at the moment.
  He back away when he notices my discomfort. The other two beside him stop with their doing and watch us with both their eyes wide open.
  &quot;Don't tell me you like her more than me, Galaz?!&quot; Ria asks while pouting her lips. She looks like a sulking child. The guy name Galaz ignored her and keep his eyes on me.
  &quot;I apologize for the late introduction. They call me Galaz, her name is Ria and this is Ali. We are here to retrieve you back.&quot; He said.
  I almost wanted to jump and attack him after hearing that but I stop myself.
  I can't do anything anyway, not after I was chained with this. I let out a deep sigh. I need to think of a way to get out of this chains and right now saving my energy will be the best option.
  &quot;Where am I?&quot; I ask not minding what he just said.
  I need to know how far am I from the pack, and knowing Rion was the one who took me. It only means we weren't that far from the pack because he also need to get back there fast if he wants to avoid being suspected.
  &quot;Right below the cliff.&quot;
  My eyes went wide upon hearing my location. So that was the reason why I hear some waves, but wasn't even sure if I heard it right.
  &quot;No one would suspect that you were just right under their nose.&quot; Ria answer while looking at her nails.
  &quot;Don't bother trying to call for help, they wouldn't be able to hear you. This dungeon is unknown from them, not even the Alpha know the existence of this place.&quot; Galaz added while looking straight in my eyes.
  I can feel the chills from the way he looks at me. Among the three of them, he was the one who I should be wary about.
  &quot;He ordered this?&quot;
  That question made all of them stop from what they are doing.
  &quot;Do you know he would just kill you? He doesn't even care if you die out here as long as he gets what he wants!&quot; I said.
  They all stared at each other and started laughing even Galaz joined them. It was like what I just said is nothing but a sick joke for him.
  &quot;Do you really think we care about that, princess?&quot; Ria said with her mockery. She pulled my hair hard making me gasp in pain.
  &quot;Well news flash princess, we die a long time ago by those fucking factions! They took everything away from us and we won't stop until we killed them all.&quot; Ria mumbled. Her words were full of anger. She yanked me to the side making me stumbled to the ground followed by the clashing of chains.
  &quot;Don't worry, we will achieve that using your help. So take your time and rest. Because the boat will arrive once the sun goes down, which is in any minute now.&quot; She added, turning her back at me.
  &quot;We aren't being use, princess. We are using each other.&quot; Those are Galaz last words before turning his back on me.
  He started walking away. The other two followed from behind.
  I watch them be eaten by the dark as they go further away from me. And again I was left alone in the cold dungeon.
  I close my eyes trying to use my senses but it was still useless. I can't even use anything other than my human strength. I got up of my feet and started moving around the cell, again I tried to pull the chains with all my strength but it was useless.
  Galaz said I was under the Cliff, so the pathway that the rogues used to enter must be near this place. And if they will transport me, they will be using a boat. And Eliot probably notice that I'm missing, making it harder for this rogues to transport me because the search is probably already ongoing at this very moment. So right now I need to find a way to alert the ones above.
  But how? I glanced around again and found nothing.
  I stared at my hand, it was stained with my blood... 
  Wait! Blood.
  I can use my blood to leave traces if ever they will start moving me. I only need to cut myself, once I'm in outside, it will be easier for them to smell my blood.
  &quot;It's time, princess.&quot;

###chapter 37 Grey eyes
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I hissed because my wound sting for a bit. Blood started dripping out of my hand.
  &quot;It's time Princess.&quot; She frowned when the scent of blood reaches her nostrils. She looks bored for a little then called someone.
  Ali arrived in a minute, he came closer to me. I move a little to avoid him but he yanked my arm.
  &quot;We can't let you be awake; we wouldn't want you getting out again this time.&quot; He utters then pulled a syringe from his pocket.
  My eyes went wide at the sight, shit! Ria came to my other side because I started struggling. I can't get knocked down, I need to stay awake.
  &quot;Stop moving around.&quot; I gasp for air when I felt his fist in my stomach. He punches me right at my abdomen.
  &quot;See, it was effective.&quot; He said proudly, then I felt a slight sting in my neck following the heaviness of my eyelids.
  &quot;Careful Princess.&quot; I felt an arm caught me before everything turn black.
  ***Vision***
  I looked around and found myself in a dark place, it was an old dungeon. I glanced at my hands and found both my tiny hands were tied up. Where am I? And why is my hands being so tiny. I looked at my feet and they were also small. Did I turn into a child?
  I heard the sounds of footsteps and my body moves on its own, moving to the far end of the cell. I can feel my fear rising? Then following the loud laughter was three adult werewolves. The other one was holding a torch, while the other two was looking down at me. One of them is holding a key for my chains.
  &quot;Hey kid wake up!&quot; One of them said, they move the torch closer to me to see what I'm doing.
  &quot;Oh she was already awake, good thing.&quot; The one with the torch said. I heard slight thud when the other one push both of them to the side to get closer to me.
  I almost cried when he pulled my hair up. It felt like my hair will going to be pulled out of my head.
  &quot;Hey Rob, we wouldn't want to leave her with bruises again. You know what happened last time.&quot; The one with the torch utter. He was cowering just by the thought of what he was talking about.
  &quot;Tsk! They wouldn't even notice! She was covered with blood anyway.&quot; The one pulling my hair said. When he said that I was covered with blood that was when I notice that he was right.
  The fainting scent of blood was coming from me not in the dungeon.
  &quot;You know she will notice, especially him.&quot; When the him reached his ears, he immediately let go of my hair. I landed on my butt because it was too sudden.
  I glared at him but their backs were already on my face. I heard the clicking sound of keys and the next thing happened the chains on my risk was undone.
  &quot;Carry her.&quot; He ordered, the other one started walking closer to me. I took a step back, my reaction made him look annoyed.
  &quot;Look kid, even if you try to run or stick yourself in the far corner. I can still get you.&quot; He mumbled annoyed, I tried struggling by punching him in the face when he lifted me. I scratch his right eye, making him loosen his grip on me
  I tried to run but he caught my hair and pulled it harder.
  &quot;Look at what you've done!&quot; He mumbled then I felt my whole body trembled in pain. I clench on the floor holding my abdomen where he punches me.
  &quot;Now behave yourself and stop making it hard for me!&quot; He ordered, I tried to stand using my weak feet but it was useless my tiny body can't handle the punch of a 6-foot adult werewolf.
  When he notices my lack of reaction he lifted me one more. I was right over his shoulders. I wanted to struggle again but I don't have any strength left in me.
  I shut my eyes close when we reach the doorway, a blinding light welcome me. This is probably the first light that I saw since it was too dark in that cold dungeon.
  I saw some people who are wearing lab gowns, the place looks like a hospital? Or clinic. White paint was all I can see in the place. They lay me at the hospital bed when we entered a plain white room.
  &quot;Now stay still.&quot; The other one mumbled then the other two started strapping me in the bed.
  &quot;What are you doing! Let go of me!&quot; I finally found my voice, I tried to struggle again but then a woman wearing a lab gown entered the room.
  &quot;You can all go now.&quot; She said then went straight to me. The three assholes walk out of the room. Leaving me tied down in bed with this woman.
  She smiled at me when she notices me watching her. She was holding a file in her hand. She looks like she was in mid 30s? Red hair that matches her pale skin and hazel brown eyes. She looks pretty too be exact.
  &quot;How are you feeling?&quot; She started talking casually, I frowned at her familiarity in her way of speaking.
  &quot;Who are you?&quot; I asked, she looked surprised by my question but her smile never leaves her face.
  &quot;I see, you wanna start talking now ha? That was really nice just keep doing that. And as of for your question. I will say my name again. I am Via and I am here to help you.&quot; Her voice was soft and sincere. She looks warm at the moment or I still feel dizzy?
  &quot;Why am I here?&quot; I ask, she started doing something with the file she was holding.
  &quot;Because I need to observe you.&quot; She mumbled, she was writing something in the file.
  Her eyes were scanning me; she stops for a moment then reach for something in the cabinet. She gave it to me after. I open it and found a white dress. It was a children's dress. I even forgot that I was at a body of a child.
  &quot;Come with me, let's get you clean up.&quot; I didn't say anything and remain silent. &quot;Don't try escaping, you know what happened last time right?&quot; I have no idea what she was talking about but end up nodding my head. Her grin widens at my response.
  She reaches for the straps and undone them one by one. Once both my hands and feet were free I jump of the bed by stumbled on the floor. She came closer to me and help me stand. My whole body felt weak.
  &quot;Oh careful your wounds aren't fully healed, now come with me. Let's get you cleaned up.&quot; She guided me into a small bathroom inside the room. I glance at myself in the mirror.
  I was literally covered in blood, not even a single part of my body wasn't covered with blood. My long hair was now color red, I stared at my eyes, it was gold and red.
  &quot;Now shall we?&quot; She started giving me a bath, the water turns red as the blood started washing down my body. I look like around 7? I was glancing at my hands the whole time. After that I slip into the white dress earlier. She looks satisfied when I was done.
  &quot;So right now let's go back and meet him.&quot; I froze by what she said. Him? Whose him? I wanted to ask something but we started moving.
  She pulled a card on her lab coat pocket and the slight click following a door opening in front of us. She motions me to follow her and I have no other choice but to follow her.
  It was a long staircase. Only the sound of my footsteps and her heels clicking echoes. When we reach the top the door opens on its own.
  My eyes went wide at the sight in front of me. There are 5 young children tied up into something like a capsule? There is some tube attached in their bodies. They were the same age as this body of mine around 7-8 years old. They were also some people wearing lab coats moving around them.
  &quot;Come with me.&quot; I didn't say anything and she pulled my hand. We entered another room it was like an office. The chair turns slowly to us showing a handsome middle age man around 30s. He had a pair grey eyes, I never saw anyone with those shade of grey eyes.
  &quot;Welcome my daughter.&quot;
  ***Vision end***
  When I woke up I was gasping for air, I felt the heaviness in my head like someone just hammered it. Who the hell is that guy? I place my hand in my head.
  I felt the familiar cold feeling of chains in my skin, glancing down both my hands were tied down. I look around and found myself inside a glass box.
  I heard a clicking sound then the light turned on. I was looking at the unfamiliar face in front of me. She was smiling at me.
  &quot;Good to see you again Amara.&quot;

###chapter 38  The Past I
  Klaire's P.O.V
  &quot;Vicky?&quot; My eyes went wide upon seeing her, she was standing in front of me.
  &quot;I thought you're dead?&quot; I ask not sure if she was real. She laughs at my reaction then pick something from the table.
  &quot;You really don't remember, don't you? My dear Klaire still not aware of herself.&quot; She mumbled, I bang the hard glass but it was useless. I only end up hurting myself.
  &quot;Did Clint make you forget again?&quot; I frowned at her, what the hell is she talking about?
  &quot;I don't know what you are talking about!&quot; I said, my voice sounded angry because I was really angry. How could she be here?
  &quot;You know what I'm talking about Klaire or should I call you Amara?&quot; She picks up a syringe on the side and starts heading my way.
  &quot;Don't worry if you don't remember everything, I will make you remember.&quot; She said then press something on the wall. Gas started coming out of the ceiling.
  I started to panic, are they going to make me fall asleep again? My head started to feel heavy again, I tried to hold myself up but my legs felt weak. I heard footsteps coming closer to me. It was blurry but I can see it was her.
  &quot;Enjoy your sleep, Princess.&quot; She said and the next thing I know, darkness consumes me.
  ***Vision***
  I was hearing voices again; it was the same voices as before. I open my eyes then close it again, because of the light.
  &quot;Wake up Klaire... You need to remember.&quot; That same voice. I open my eyes and found myself back into an unfamiliar place. It was a huge castle and there was a couple in front of me.
  She was sitting and her husband is holding her. They look happy, my eyes shifted at the door where another man was standing watching them. The husband smiled at the man who just entered.
  &quot;Belerick good to know you are back.&quot; The husband hugs the man name Belerick.
  &quot;I see you were enjoying your vacation, my brother.&quot; Belerick teased, they both started laughing.
  &quot;She was about to give birth soon.&quot; He mumbled proudly then kissed his wife who is now laughing at his excitement.
  &quot;Good evening Luna.&quot; Belerick utter, she dismissed the idea of her being called Luna.
  &quot;Just Amia is alright Belerick. You know you were like a brother to me.&quot; She mumbled sweetly, she had a pair of blue eyes. Her pale skin looks like porcelain under the moonlight.
  &quot;Amia, I can see my brother Elijah was having the best time of his life.&quot; They both started laughing.
  &quot;Well as you can see, he doesn't even want to get out of our room.&quot; She said then hold the hand of her husband. The way he watches her shows how much he adores her.
  The way Belerick look at them was filled with envy, and there is something about the way he looks at them. And I don't like the feeling that I'm getting.
  &quot;Well if you have such an adorable wife, you might lock yourself in your room like I do Belerick.&quot; Elijah mutter, his eyes were glowing. Belerick shakes his head.
  &quot;Well I haven't seen her, so right now I need you in the office to discuss the matters.&quot; Elijah's smile fades, he looks like a child who was about to throw a tantrum.
  &quot;Go now Eli, Belerick is waiting.&quot; He nodded his head then kissed her forehead before following Belerick outside.
  I was left with Amia, she was singing something. I didn't notice it earlier but she was with a child, she was standing next to the cradle of her child. Her long black hair is shining as she moves around she carries her infant which had the exact color of hers. She was singing her some lullaby when she notices something.
  I froze at my position when she glances at my direction. She put her baby back to her cradle. She started walking slowly in my direction. My eyes went wide when I notice some shadow lurking.
  Then someone steps out into the light, eyes wide when she noticed who was that man, it was Belerick. He was holding a dagger; it was a familiar sword that they used in my memory to stab me.
  &quot;Belerick? What are you doing? Where is Elijah? ELIJAH!&quot; she started calling his husband's name but no one answered.
  Belerick walk slowly to her, she glances at the cradle where her child was sleeping peacefully.
  &quot;He won't come even if you keep calling his name.&quot; Her hands cover her mouth as she notices that he was covered with blood. Tears streaming down her cheeks.
  &quot;What did you do to him?! Where is he Belerick!&quot; Belerick laugh, his eyes were full of malice. He pulled her hair making her cry in pain.
  &quot;I stab him! He shouldn't be the King! It should be me!&quot; He utters, she pushes her in the floor. She started crying harder.
  &quot;No! You can't! You're lying!&quot; I didn't notice this earlier but his eyes were color grey, I almost froze when I notice that he looks exactly like the man from my dream earlier. His grey cold eyes sending a shiver down my spine.
  &quot;You could join him later.&quot; He mumbled, her eyes shifted to the cradle, the baby started crying. She rushes to her baby, making her almost stumbled on the floor.
  &quot;Please don't hurt my baby.&quot; She pleaded, she was holding her baby in her arms. The baby stop crying as she started singing between her sobs.
  &quot;My baby mommy will protect you.&quot; She whispered then put her back into her cradle, her eyes started glowing as her hair turns to silver-white. Golden eyes glowing, Belerick moves backward as he watches her change.
  &quot;I wouldn't do that if I were you,&quot; Belerick said then he showed her something, an image of Elijah still breathing but he was chained and covered with blood.
  &quot;Now you have to choose, him or your child.&quot; She glared at him, we didn't notice but the baby was already gone, he was holding her in his arms.
  Her eyes went back to her blue ones when she saw her child in his arms. The dagger was pointing down to the baby's neck.
  &quot;Don't! Don't hurt her please.&quot; She started crying again, she looks desperate. Unable to move on her place she kneeled down to her feet.
  &quot;Why are you doing this Belerick?&quot; She asks between her sobs. I wanted to help her but I don't have the power, I just stood there as I watch everything unfolds in my eyes.
  &quot;Because of you! Ever since he met you he forgets about everything!&quot; He answered angrily. She looks at him in disbelief.
  &quot;Just because of that?&quot; He started laughing like a lunatic. He looks different from the Belerick I saw earlier.
  &quot;Just because of that? You have the audacity to ask?! He abandoned everything because of you! He became lovesick like a puppy around you! He wasn't like the brother I look up to! And I cannot accept a human as my LUNA!&quot; His eyes were starting to turn black, his wolf was about to come out.
  She notices the changes and rush to him, she pulled a dagger that is hiding on her thighs. She stabs her right in his side. He was surprised by the sudden attack making him lose his grip in the sword.
  &quot;Bitch!&quot; He throws the baby, she saw it and quickly caught her baby in her arms before she even gets hurt. The baby started crying.
  &quot;I will kill you!&quot; She ran to the door but he caught her hair and pulled her back. &quot;Where do you think you're going?&quot; He yanked her to the floor, her back hit the corner hard making her gasp for air.
  The baby was still crying she tried to check on her as she stops her crying. Her eyes were focused on the furious Belerick, he looks so big compare to her. She scans the room looking for a way to get out but he was already above her. He pulled her hair once more and throw her to the side, she hit the hard wall as she landed. Her arms were embracing her baby; she was protecting her.
  Blood started dripping down her mouth, she was already covered with bruises. I tried to step forward but it was like there is an invisible wall separating us.
  &quot;Should I break your legs so you could stop running around?&quot; He grabbed the sword on the side then started walking slowly to her. He snatches the baby from her, she tried to struggle but she was too weak.
  &quot;Don't hurt her please...&quot; She whispered weakly, he glances at the baby who is crying in his arms.
  &quot;Don't worry I will raise her like my own.&quot; She looks at him with disbelief, she tried to stand but he kicked her right at her abdomen, she gasps blood dripping from her mouth. He wasn't satisfied and kicked her again. She landed on the wall, the impact cause fractures in the concrete wall.
  &quot;Say goodbye to your daughter.&quot; He pulled the sword, my hands covered my mouth. My tears started pouring down my cheeks as I watch him stab her in her heart.
  He turns his head in my direction then smiled wickedly. I froze then was unable to move.

###chapter 39  The Past II
  Klaire's P.O.V
  The cry of the infant was the only thing that filled the silence, it was a long and sad silence. I was just staring at her lifeless body; she was covered with blood.
  A loud bang in the door made me flinch, and there he was Elijah standing in the door way, his eyes were furious. His eyes were glaring at Belerick, it was full of hatred. He can't hide the sadness written in them.
  He took a step closer but stops mid-way when he noticed the body lying on the floor. His whole body froze, he rushes towards the dead body of his wife and started crying.
  &quot;No, Baby please wake up Amia...&quot; No one answered, he hugged the body in his arms.
  On the other hand, Belerick was just watching Elijah with contentment. He was still holding the baby in his arms.
  &quot;This is the reason why, look at you Elijah crying over a petty Human! You became weak!&quot; Belerick utter with anger and disgust, he looks different from the Belerick earlier. The warmth in his eyes are long gone.
  &quot;Is that all the reason why you killed my mate?!&quot; Elijah said, his voice was low and angry. He slowly lifted Amia's body and lay her to bed. He kissed her forehead before turning his back to where Belerick is.
  &quot;Tell me Belerick, what kind of death do you plan on having? I can help you with that.&quot; His eyes were starting to turned black. I can feel the pressure of his power and it was overwhelming.
  &quot;I could watch you try.&quot; Belerick smiled, Elijah didn't notice earlier but Belerick was holding the sword he used to stab Amia. He was doing the same thing he did to Amia to surrender herself.
  He pulled the knife and used it to threaten Elijah, he was sticking the knife right at their baby. Elijah's eyes remain black but something shifted in the air, the tension of his power was starting to lessen.
  &quot;I guess you understand your situation.&quot; Belerick mutters, he looks like an evil antagonist that you can hear in some stories.
  &quot;Let her Rick, my daughter doesn't know anything about this.&quot; Belerick laugh at Elijah.
  &quot;Really? But I need her to fulfill the thing that you didn't finish. I need to finish what we started Eli.&quot; He mumbled, Elijah's eyes went wide at the realization of Belerick's words.
  &quot;No you can't do that Belerick! You know it will cause you everything!&quot; You can hear the panic in Elijah's voice.
  &quot;That's the point, I need your daughter as the key. You know she's the only vessel that can be taken. But instead of using her mother you decided to turn your back on us right Alpha... Or should my King?&quot; His words are like poison at Elijah, I have no idea why but the Legend about the King of werewolves came to mind. It was them, the Alpha, Beta and the Luna. Their story in unfolding right before my eyes.
  But why are they connected to my memories? Vicky said before I fell asleep that I need to remember. And right now everything still feels unclear, and whenever I tried to think about it my head was starting to hurt.
  &quot;Belerick I know you were under his influence but please think about this first. Take me instead not my daughter.&quot; I can hear the desperation in his voice. His eyes were focus on his daughter; she was the only remain of his wife. The sadness written in his eyes as he stares at his daughter.
  &quot;Okay then let's do this.&quot; My eyes went wide when I realized what he was about to do. His eyes were glowing as he threw the baby off the veranda.
  &quot;Noooo!&quot; Elijah quickly shifted to his wolf and jump off the veranda. I also run towards it. I can suddenly feel relieved when I saw that he caught her right in time. His white wolf was stained with blood; he was covered with wounds when he got in the room. Probably from the stab cause by Belerick and all the fighting he did. Only if he arrived a bit earlier he might end up saving his wife.
  He was biting the clothes of his daughter, his grey eyes were glowing. He glances at our direction, Belerick was also gazing down at them. He looks annoyed that Elijah caught the baby in time.
  Elijah shifted to his human form then glances at his baby, he started checking on her and when he noticed that she wasn't wounded or hurt anywhere he let out a deep sigh of relief then kissed his baby.
  &quot;I'm sorry my daughter... This is all my fault.&quot; I can hear his baby giggling, he smiled sadly as he stared at his child. &quot;I will finish this soon and no one will come and hurt you.&quot; He slowly placed her daughter on a little box that was lying around.
  &quot;Stay here Amara.&quot; My heart started beating fast when I heard that name. And there I notice his resemblance to me. His almond shape eyes that looks exactly like mine, the way his lips form a moon shape when he smiles. Suddenly my tears started flowing once more...
  Amia's face flash in my head again. That was the reason why I somehow feel like I've seen her before because she looks exactly like me. Her shining black hair, her small pointy nose. Pale skin and her round shape face... Why didn't I realize this sooner?
  I glance back at them, Belerick also jump off the veranda I followed from behind. They were now standing face to each other.
  &quot;I don't want to do this.&quot; Elijah said, I can see the hesitation written all over his face. &quot;But you gave me no other choice Rick, I can't allow you to continue your plan.&quot; He mumbled, the air fill with the sound of bones snapping. Until his White wolf made his appearance.
  &quot;Then you have to kill me first Eli.&quot; Belerick shifted also to his wolf, it was a large black wolf. Their size was almost the same but something bis different with Belerick's wolf, his eyes was red as blood. The same eye color like him... I shake that memory away and focus on them.
  They both circled each other, showing they're large canines as they glared at each other. I can feel the killing intent of each party. Belerick snarled viciously and he continue to circle around Elijah while snapping towards him every few seconds, provocation I presume. He decided to kick up a notch, he jumped to Elijah he was already on his position and he bite Belerick's leg then tackled him on the ground. Elijah kick him in the gut knocking the air out of his lungs. Belerick straddles his waist trying to bite him, he tried to scratch Elijah's right cheeks using his claws and succeeded. Elijah's head whipped sharply to the side. Pain flared on his face but instantly dimmed and went away. He looks straight up at Belerick, eyes glowing you can picture his wolf smirking at the sight of Belerick's.
  Belerick attacks one more but he was cut by his own grunt as Elijah's threw claws at his, a solid slash on his upper abdomen open. Blood started dripping out his wound. His weight was lifted off Elijah and he jump of his feet without a moment to spare. Belerick looks in pain by his wounds. Belerick let out a groan before I notice his outline showing that he was about to stumble on his feet.
  This time Elijah attacked him one last time, running at him jumping with his feet landing on his back with a solid thump. Belerick's body flew back several feet hitting what sounded like a tree. I notice his colors dim, meaning he was badly hurt by the force. He slowly got up on his four legs, shaking his head for a bit then growls back at Elijah who is standing a few feet away from him.
  I saw something flinch in his eyes, and I was right he rush to attack once more but this time the attack was nit directing to Elijah's it was heading to his daughter. Elijah notice the sudden shift and ran towards his daughter. He blocks the attack using his own body. I gasp at the sight in front of my eyes.
  Belerick was biting Elijah's neck, blood dripping out his wound. Belerick was already expecting this reaction that's why he attacks his daughter. He deepens his canines down his flesh, I can hear some bones breaking as he digs deeper. Elijah's whipped in pain, his eyes was focus on his daughter as he struggles to get out of Belerick's gripped, one he was satisfied he threw Elijah's wolf on the ground. I can hear the small cry of his wolf, as he struggles to get back on his feet. His white fur was now covered with blood.
  I was crying heavily at the sight, it felt like a part of me was being thorn into pieces. Belerick slowly made his way to Elijah, he was towering the now struggling Elijah.
  I close my eyes at the next thing that happened, right after I open my eyes I regret it immediately.
  Grey eyes staring at me as his head went flying to my direction. It was lifeless...
  ***Vision end***

###chapter 40  The Past III
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I gasped for air because I suddenly felt nausea at the sight. Closing my eyes to calm myself and when I open my eyes I was into another setting again.
  ***Vision ***
  This time I was surrounded by white walls, the memory that I saw in my dream came back to me. This was the exact place. I walked around and found the familiar entrance to the dungeon. I turn around and walk to the right corner where the room I was brought in before.
  I stopped when I noticed the same capsule like in another room. I opened the door and entered, there I found the small girl unconscious. She looked exactly like me but younger. Her hair was silver white; I couldn't see the color of her eyes because they were close at the moment. I noticed some tube attached around her, there was a black liquid being transferred to her body or being injected to her body.
  I was about to check it when I heard some footsteps from behind. I don't know why but I started hiding. There were like 4 people wearing some lab coats and one of them was Via the woman I saw in my dream. Just what the fact is happening? I hold the wall besides me for support because my head was starting to hurt like crazy again.
  I glanced back at the child, the 3 doctors around her started checking on her, Via was just watching them to their jobs. She was just standing and looking at the file on her hands. What are they doing?
  &quot;Ms. Via the blood transfusion still show no sign. Her body was rejecting it.&quot; One of them said, blood? I walk to the big container where the tubes were connected and smelled a fating scent of blood.
  I tried to reach for the container but as I get closer I can feel my heart beating faster. My temperature was starting to rise; I can feel the shift in my body. I felt a little light headed at the moment. And my body moves on its own.
  I was brought back to reality when I heard a loud noise from outside the room. They all run outside to check it, I also followed them and saw a group of guards fighting each other. One of them grabbed a pen and stab the other one with it. Blood splashing out of his neck. One of the Doctor was shock and started shouting. The other one who stab his colleague, took the pen out and stab his neck.
  &quot;FUCK! GET THIS CLEAN!&quot; My eyes glance at Via who looks bored at the sight like it was the normal thing that you could find happening within the premises.
  &quot;What are you waiting for? MOVE!&quot; one of the Doctors said and they all started to go back to what they are doing earlier. Leaving the two dead body to be pick up by some other guards around.
  &quot;This is probably the fifth right?&quot; One of the guards muttered then started picking the body.
  &quot;No, this the sixth time. Same thing happened before you arrived here.&quot; The other one whispered back. They both put the body into a huge plastic bag.
  &quot;Just what on earth is happening in this place?&quot; The other one ask, his colleague just shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;We Rogues don't have the right to ask questions all we need to do is follow.&quot; The other one utter then they both started moving with the bodies in their hands.
  I tried to recall what just I witnessed earlier and based on what I heard this isn't the first time. I remember the look in his eyes before stabbing himself. It was blank, like he wasn't himself?
  I walked back to the room where the little girl was located, she was still unconscious. Via was staring at her with intensity in her eyes. You could tell she was thinking something but I have no idea what it is.
  &quot;Ms. Via? He wanted to see you.&quot; I turned my head and faced the woman who called Via, just like Via she was wearing lab coat. Via nodded her head and started walking outside but before she closes the door she glances once more at the sleeping child.
  I also hurriedly made my way to follow them, and again it was the familiar route, she pulled her card and the door opened. The endless staircase welcomes us like in my dream. I slowly followed them from behind until we reach the top, the door opens again. Just like how I remember it in my dreams there are 4 capsules located here. I didn't notice it before but there were children inside them. Oh wait, there were additional two capsule inside.
  Just what on earth are they doing here? I tried to check the capsule and found the same tubes attach in them.
  &quot;How are the subjects?&quot; Via ask, while looking inside the capsule.
  &quot;They are reacting to it, but no sign of success.&quot; The man answered then handled her the file. I wanted to look at what is written in the file but I can't see them. It was written into unfamiliar language.
  &quot;Okay, keep on observing them. We will start the next phase soon.&quot; He nodded his head. She started walking into another door, the same door where he was located.
  The door opens and just like I remember it was an office, the chair slowly turns and everything became clear.
  I can now identify the man I saw; it was Belerick. His lips automatically form a smile when he saw Via's face.
  &quot;How is my daughter Via?&quot; His voice was full of excitement. I can almost feel my anger rising just by looking at his face.
  &quot;Still no reaction, it was already being months since we started the blood infusion.&quot; His smile fades at the news. He pulled a tobbaco in the table and light it up, he started smoking it.
  &quot;I heard another guards killed his colleague and himself after.&quot; I can see the changes in Via's face, her face became pale and I can feel the discomfort around her.
  &quot;Yes, another one lost his control and end up killing the guard with him.&quot; She answered, he smiled again this time it was too wickedly.
  &quot;That only means it was working.&quot; He mumbled then blow the smoke in the air. He pulled the tobbaco on his lips once more inhaling the steam smoke from it.
  &quot;Yes, I understand. But she was still unconscious.&quot; A loud bang made her flinch. She was shaking as she slowly opened her eyes.
  &quot;She will wake up soon. Those deaths only indicate that she will be awaken soon.&quot; He started laughing after that, I don't have any idea about what he was talking about but I can feel my hands sweating, I don't know why but ever since I came here my body is reacting on its own.
  &quot;How about the other subjects?&quot; He narrowed his brow and stared at her blankly. His grey eyes were cold even if he was smiling.
  &quot;They are just plan B anyway if she awakens we could just throw them or killed them.&quot; He said while shrugging his shoulders.
  &quot;But those have her blood within their veins. And now that we saw some results that infusion her blood with humans is possible. They might become useful tool.&quot; She started mumbling, I clench my fist at what I just heard. So, she was saying that those children are humans. And they were being used as tool subjects.
  &quot;Move to the next phase then. I will decide what to do with them after they prove they are useful.&quot; Via squeal then turn back to normal when she notices him staring at her.
  &quot;Yes, I will do that.&quot; He told her to get out and Via followed. I glance back again at the capsule; I didn't saw their faces because something is covering it. But base on their heights and body structures they were all just around 7 to 10 years old kid.
  &quot;Okay now listen up!&quot; They all turned their attentions at Via who is standing at the center.
  &quot;We will now begin the second phase, the phase where we will test the subjects if they can successfully shift.&quot; She utters.
  I can feel the excitement in her voice as she says those words.
  &quot;We can now see the end results of all our experiments and study. Soon new generation of werewolves will be born and this is just the start.&quot; They all clapped their hand and Via nodded her head.
  They all returns on their work. A loud sound came from the capsules, followed by the opening of the covers. I stood there as they started taking the tubes out of their bodies.
  I slowly step closer to their direction. Eyes full of curiosity... Slowly one of them open his eyes, my body stiffen when I notice he was staring right back at me... With his green-blue eyes.
  ***Vision end***

###chapter 41 Aiden
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The whole night we found nothing, not even a slight scent of her. Eliot was blaming himself the whole time. Clint was also cursing the whole time. They all look restless about something. I myself feel the frustrations of finding nothing.
  We haven't sleep even a blink after she went missing. We are now at the East Mansion at the moment, looking for clues that might lead us to her but there is no luck at all.
  &quot;Let me try it again.&quot; Eliot mumbled, taking something that belongs to Klaire's once more.
  One thing that I discovered while being with them for more than 24 hours they all have unique abilities. Eliot has this vision where he can see what is happening or happened to a person just by holding something that belongs to her. I still have no idea how did they have that abilities or what are the abilities of the other 3.
  &quot;Found anything?&quot; I ask, he shake his head.
  &quot;Still nothing.&quot; He mumbled, we both let out a sigh. Just where on earth did they take her?
  A running Noah came to sight; he looks like he was out of breath or something.
  &quot;I found something.&quot; We all jump up our feet and followed him outside.
  &quot;I don't know why I didn't notice this when I came here to check the passage.&quot; Started as we walk down the back of the East Mansion. Around the Cliff where the old passage was located.
  &quot;What do you mean?&quot; Clint ask, he seems like he was not himself since earlier. He was so emerging in his thoughts that we can't talk to him properly.
  &quot;There was another passage, but this time it was underground. I wouldn't be able to see it myself if I didn't smell her blood.&quot; I stop on my track upon hearing those words and I wasn't alone. Clint, Yustef and Eliot also stop moving.
  Noah notice that we aren't following him from behind and turned around to face us.
  &quot;Those are only drops of blood, and knowing her she did that on purpose so we could find her.&quot; Noah added, the lumps in my throat seem to pass by and we continue our walk.
  &quot;You should have said that earlier.&quot; Yustef mumbled feeling the slight irritation I was feeling.
  &quot;I didn't know you would interpret it like that.&quot; Noah answered then entered the passage. This is like the second time I went here. It was still the same, you can hear the waves hitting the walls. The smell of the sea welcomes my nostrils.
  &quot;This way.&quot; Noah instructed, we follow him from behind the passage was tight, only 2 persons can walk at the same time.
  We smell the fainting scent of blood, we are now at the lower level of the passage and a few steps away from us was the exit towards the coast.
  &quot;Here it is.&quot; Noah said, then trying to find something within the walls. &quot;Found it&quot; he announces then we heard the stones started to slide open. Another staircase, Noah entered and we followed from behind. It was just a short walk but it was dark and cold only the drops of water can be heard as well as the fainting sounds of waves.
  There was a cell right at the end of the staircase, it was just a small one but you can see the traces that someone was just here. And her vanilla scent was all over the place. I walk to the direction where her scent was stronger and found a couple of chains. I grab one of them then something flashes in my mind. It was an old memory?
  The place was blurry, and I was underwater? Or not? There was light in front of me and people wearing lab gowns. I can hear the fainting sounds of machine beeping around me. I was trying to focus my eyesight but it was still blurry.
  &quot;Dwayne? Are you okay?&quot; I flinch and turn to face Noah who look a bit concerned at my reaction.
  &quot;What happened?&quot; I ask, confused about what I just saw.
  &quot;We have no idea; you suddenly stop moving after holding those chains.&quot; Noah explained. I let go of the chains and face them.
  &quot;Maybe I could use this.&quot; Eliot said, I step aside and let him handle the chains. He closes his eyes again then when he opened them, his eyes where glowing.
  I don't know why but I can feel someone staring at me and when I turn around to face who it was, it was Clint. His eyes were blank like something was in his mind at the moment. And when he notices me staring he turns to look at Eliot. What was that? I shake my head and focus my attention at thinking about what I just saw earlier. I have no idea where that place is but something seems familiar with it. Like I really have been there. A felt a slight headache, I hold the wall on my side to support myself.
  &quot;I found it.&quot; Eliot announced, my headache suddenly disappeared and I straightened my back.
  &quot;She was at the old laboratory.&quot; He said directing it at Clint who clenching his fist at the moment.
  &quot;But we did check that place before heading to the Crescent Moon Pack and we found nothing. The place is a messed just like how we left it.&quot; Noah said. I frowned a bit confused about their topic.
  &quot;Yes, I know that but I will never forget that place Noah. &quot; Eliot mutters his eyes was saying he wasn't joking.
  They all look mad about something; sudden Clint's attention turns to me.
  &quot;You need to know everything. I don't wanna do this but you have to know everything&quot; I was a little bit surprised about what he said. The seriousness in his voice was giving me goosebumps.
  &quot;Are you sure Clint?&quot; The new arrival Yustef said. He was left outside earlier to double check the area while the rest of us was in the underground dungeon.
  &quot;Yes, because whether we acknowledge it or not he was also part of this.&quot; Clint answered not living my eyes.
  The three others remain silent; Clint walk to my direction.
  &quot;We already know who you are after we saw your face.&quot; Clint utter, he averted his eyes for a moment letting out a sharp breath.
  &quot;What do you mean?&quot; I ask confused. He looks back at me then his eyes started glowing following a sharp pain in my head. I groan in pain as image started flashing in my mind.
  ***Vision***
  I was back again in the dungeon same dungeon where I saw the little girl, but this time I wasn't alone. There were 4 other children with me. I glance at them both their hands and feet were chains. Then the familiar sounds of chains coming from me, I glance down at my hands and they were tiny. Just like the other 4 children I was also tied down.
  Another sound of chains came from the other corner. I tried to adjust my eyes to the dark but it didn't work.
  &quot;Hello? Is anyone there?&quot; I shouted, then another jingling from the chains. Someone is there, the followed by a small female's voice. It was a little girl.
  &quot;Y-yes, who are you?&quot; She asked, her voice sounded weak at the moment. I can't see where she was because it was too dark at the other corner.
  I was about to say my name but another name came out of my mouth.
  &quot;My name is Aiden.&quot; What? I tried to correct it but my body moves on its own. Like it has its own mind.
  &quot;What is your name?&quot; I ask in my child's voice.
  &quot;Uh... Amara.&quot; She whispered, Amara? Suddenly it sounded familiar in my head.
  &quot;Can you both shut up!&quot; I turned to face at the now awake child, he looks like the small version of Clint.
  &quot;Who are you?&quot; I suddenly ask, he look annoyed at my question but answered anyway.
  &quot;Afreo.&quot; He said then turn his back on me.
  &quot;Where are we?&quot; I ask, he look hesitant for a moment then answered.
  &quot;What I heard from the guards earlier they called us subjects, and for your question. I also have no idea where we are. I was here for about a month now before you arrived.&quot; He mumbled sounded a bit bored. The other 3 started to wake up also.
  The look in their eyes was not the look that you will get from children around their age. Based on what I see they are around 7-10 years old. They look thin and weak.
  &quot;I'm Aris.&quot; One of them said, he sounded friendlier than the other 3. He looked exactly like the young Eliot.
  &quot;Over here is Mulac and that over there is Calixto.&quot; He was pointing at the young version of Noah and Yustef.
  The memory of what they are talking about earlier came to me. What is happening?
  I heard a fainting sound of keys jingling followed by the door opening. A man entered the dungeon, he was taller than my child self. He looks firm and was covered with scars all over his neck down to his arms.
  &quot;It's time.&quot;

###chapter 42 The Third Cell
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  &quot;It's time.&quot;
  We were taken into a pure white room; it was empty not even a single chair is present in the area. I glance at the four children with me. They all look unbothered.
  &quot;Where are we?&quot; Mulac glance at me then shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;This were they usually take for checkups. &quot; Aris answered then sat at the floor next to Calixto. Calixto was the quiet one just like Yustef.
  &quot;We usually meds around this time.&quot; Mulac mumbled in his small voice. He was the youngest among us.
  After that the door opened followed by a woman who is wearing a lab gown. The clicking of her heels echoes inside the room, she was holding a file in her hands then another person entered, also wearing the same as the first one.
  Afreo stand to his feet then the others followed and form a line. I don't know what is happening but I did the same thing. I didn't notice it earlier but the second Doctor was holding some little cups in his hands. They were 5 cups in total, Afreo's took the cup then drank it. After that they check his mouth to make sure he drank it. Mulac was the next one.
  &quot;What is that?&quot; I whispered at Aris who is in front of me. He glances back at me the shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;We have no idea what it is, it was some vitamins or something.&quot; He whispered back, I frowned after hearing that and look ahead of me.
  Mulac was already done by that time, Calixto was next then did the same thing as the other two. Aris was next and I tried to look at what was inside the cup and saw some 3 red tablets. It was now my turn I look up at the person who was giving me the cup. I slowly took it on his hands.
  &quot;Don't worry, that will make you strong.&quot; I hesitate at first but decided to drink it, I slowly lifted the cup in my lips and swallow the medicines. The other one checked my mouth, flipping my tongue up and checking the side of my mouth.
  &quot;Okay, very good.&quot; She mumbled then gave me a smile, I didn't return it and went back to my place.
  Aris was waiting for me when I finish. When I sat down he hurriedly started talking.
  &quot;How was it? He asked. I didn't exactly taste anything from the medicines. I don't feel any weirdness or anything at the moment.
  &quot;I don't know?&quot; I answered unsure. The Doctors brought some toys around and Mulac started playing with them.
  &quot;Since we arrive here and started drinking the meds we notice some changes in our body. Like Calixto he was wearing eye glasses before and they were thick then lately he doesn't need them anymore.&quot; Aris said, I glance at Calixto who is watching Mulac play.
  &quot;Where are you from? Where are your parents? How did you get here?&quot; Aris eyes turns sad all of a sudden.
  &quot;I really remember much, my memories started when we got here. All of us don't remember anything before we arrive here. Just are names but no surnames at all.&quot; He mumbled, then cover his sadness with a smile. I forgot that I was talking to some kids and not the Royalties.
  &quot;How about you, do you remember anything before you arrived here?&quot; I turned my head at Afreo who I didn't notice that he was standing right behind me. And now that he mentioned it I also felt completely blank.
  &quot;No, I don't.&quot; I answered, he clicked his tongue then sat next to me.
  &quot;I wouldn't be surprised.&quot; He sounded bored and uninterested at the moment.
  &quot;I arrived here first, I've been here for a month now.&quot; He added then look in my eyes. He has the same intensity just like Clint.
  &quot;Aris arrived second 2 weeks after I came here, then Mulac and Calixto got here together.&quot; He added then started playing with the ball in his hands. He was throwing it in the wall. My eyes focus on the point that the ball was hitting, it was the exact same point everytime he throws it. I notice some little cracks on the wall as the ball hits it.
  &quot;Did you notice any changes by that time?&quot; I ask, he stop for a while the shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;I notice that I became stronger since I came here. Ever since I started drinking those meds my body felt stronger and I can see better in the dark dungeon after that.&quot; I turn to where the two Doctors was standing they were watching us. I glance at the direction they were staring at the moment.
  They were staring at Mulac who is playing, I don't know why but they started writing something in their notes. I have to see those, I stood up but a hand stops me. I turn my head to look who it was.
  It was Calixto, he was staring at me with those blank eyes. Then shake his head.
  &quot;He was right, don't even try.&quot; Aris utter, he was staring at the two Doctors who was now staring at us. Calixto let go of my hand and went back to where Mulac is.
  &quot;What do you mean don't?&quot; I ask, feeling a little bit irritated at him.
  &quot;You will get beaten, Calixto tried that before. He tried to take those file but he ends up getting beaten up by the Doctors, he was taken somewhere then when he returned he was almost bleeding to death.&quot; He explained, I stared at Calixto. I can't believe those bastard hurts this young child.
  &quot;He didn't tell us exactly what happened or where they took him. But after that event he stops talking that much.&quot; He added, I let out a sigh. Feeling a little frustrated. Just what on earth is Clint's thinking that he was showing me this.
  After a 3 hours, that felt like forever they take us back into that dark Dungeon. Afreo was right my eyesight was brighter right now, it wasn't that bright like our wolf vision but somehow I could start picturing the place.
  There were like 6 cell, all was empty except for the 3rd one. When I pass by the cell I notice the figure of the little girl, she was laying on the floor. I have no idea if she was even breathing.
  &quot;Just don't mind her.&quot; I flinch when I heard Afreo's voice, he was also staring at the little girl.
  &quot;What do you mean?&quot; He started walking and I followed him, we were at the 5th cell.
  &quot;Hurry up!&quot; The guard shouted, we all walk faster. When we arrived he started putting our chains. Why would they need this for this children?
  &quot;That girl is cursed.&quot; He mutters a little surprised by what he just said.
  &quot;I don't understand.&quot; I said confused.
  &quot;You'll know when you saw her property in the light. That girl is not normal.&quot; He added, his words were strong and firm. I can see the fear in his eyes as he mumbled those words.
  I glance at Aris trying to find some answer or explanation about what he was saying. He turns his back on me when he notices me staring.
  Looks like I won't find answers, I sat down on the corner. Calixto sat next to me. I was surprised when I heard his voice for the first time.
  &quot;She was the reason why we were here.&quot; He said, I was waiting for him to continue but he was already on his feet before I even utter a word. He went to the other corner of the cell and sat there.
  I heard the keys clicking then the door open following 3 guards, one of them went straight to our direction. He was holding something in his hands, I have no idea what it was he opened the cell using his key then lay it on the floor and after that went back and lock the cell.
  &quot;That was our dinner.&quot; Aris said then he went to the direction where our dinner was sitting. It was a couple of hard bread, and water. I took the bread that Aris gave me. I can't believe that this is all they could eat, they were still children and their body needs more needs more than this.
  My head snap when I heard a loud noise it was coming from the 3rd cell.
  &quot;Are you gonna keep that attitude again you little bitch!&quot; A loud slap echoes in the air. I glance at the 4 children they all remain silent and continue eating.
  The guards started laughing following the sound of water splashing. Before I heard the sound of the lock of the cell.
  &quot;That always happens.&quot; Mulac whispered, he sounded like he was about to cry.
  I glance back at the direction of the 3rd cell. The guards started walking away and as soon as they were gone. The soft cry started. If it wasn't too quiet right now I wouldn't be able to hear her sniffle.

###chapter 43 Island
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I moved a little to the end of the cell where the direction of the 3rd Cell was located. I still couldn't see her.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; I asked, no one answered. I don't know if she heard me or what. So I ask again.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; This time I made my voice louder, I heard the clicking sound of chains.
  &quot;Y-yes...&quot; She answered in her soft voice.
  &quot;What did they do to you?&quot; I asked again, she didn't answer this time so I changed the question.
  &quot;How old are you Amara?&quot; Her name sounded foreign in my head but it was like something inside me was telling me it was familiar.
  &quot;I don't know...&quot; Her words came out to be a whisper. I suddenly felt a sting in my chest.
  &quot;Well never mind that, I don't remember my age.&quot; I tried to cheer her, and it seems like it was working she giggle and it sounded nice in my ears.
  &quot;So tell me what is your favorite color?&quot; I just started spouting random questions, I don't know how to handle a child.
  &quot;Well, I wanted to see the sky, and based on what Vicky said it was color blue.&quot; Her words were full of enthusiasm. I feel a little bit sad by her words. So she hasn't gone outside.
  Is she locked up in this dark place ever since?
  &quot;Oh the sky, is really pretty. It also changes color depending on the time of the day.&quot; I said, I can imagine her leaning forward so she could come closer and hear me.
  &quot;Really? Like what?&quot; She asks.
  I started explaining to her how the sky looked during dawn, sunrise, and sunset. I also told her about the outside world. Like how there is lakes, mountains, forest, and flowers. I also explained to her some other things that she could see outside.
  &quot;That sounded nice.&quot; Her voice sounded sad at the moment.
  Our conversation stops when the guards came back. I stood up on my feet when they open her cell. The sound of chains hitting the floor echoes.
  &quot;It's your turn little bitch, now get on your feet and move.&quot; I heard another loud slap then they started moving.
  &quot;Hey move faster!&quot; I saw a flicker of light and saw her face, her eyes went wide when she saw me staring at her he quickly looked away.
  &quot;I told you she's different,&quot; Afreo mumbled while staring at the same person. She had silver-white hair and a pair of golden and red eyes...
  She was the same child I saw before in the vision of the Lady.
  ***Vision end***
  &quot;Sorry to interrupt your slumber but we have to move.&quot; I blink twice and found myself still inside the underground dungeon. I look at Eliot who woke me up and found them getting ready.
  What did I just experience? It was already dark when I woke up. They all went outside and I followed trying to register everything in my head.
  &quot;Yusef saw a boat that we could use.&quot; He explained when we reach the exit the boat was already waiting for us. Yusef was already on board. It was a speed boat that can fit us all.
  &quot;Where are we going?&quot; I ask once we are on the boat. They all turn to look at me.
  &quot;Until how far did you see?&quot; Clint ask. They all focus on me and waited for my answer.
  I explained to them what I saw, regarding the children the meds, the cell, and the little girl. I even explain to them the first time I saw her. Even my encounter with the lady in the woods. They all remained silent the whole time I was telling them what happened.
  &quot;So you also saw her,&quot; Clint mumbled.
  &quot;What do you mean by that? You know her?&quot; I ask, a little surprised they all nodded their heads.
  &quot;We also saw her before, she said the same thing to us,&quot; Eliot explained.
  &quot;But based on what u know so far, once you saw that place things might start coming back to you again. &quot; Clint said, I can hear the warning in his tone.
  I look ahead of us; we are heading north. I have no idea where we are going but it took us an hour before we started seeing some landscape. And another hour before we stop on a remote Island. I have no idea that there is an Island around here. I understand why you have to pass by the foggy area and if you have no idea where you were going you will end up dead. I saw some sharp stones just laying around the shallow grounds. Before reaching the coast.
  It was still dark, but it wasn't an issue for us at all.
  &quot;Where did you last see her Eliot?&quot; Clint asks as soon as we step on the Island. I can feel my heart beating fast right now, there is something in this place that is making my wolf uncomfortable.
  &quot;It was the pressure, the atmosphere in this Island is different from the outside,&quot; Yustef mumbled from my behind. I didn't even notice that he was done doing his part in hiding the boat.
  &quot;Let's get going, we have to find her.&quot; Clint utter, just who on earth would take her. Once I found out who he was I will rip him to pieces.
  &quot;We can't shift they will detect us once we did that,&quot; Yustef said, but it would be faster if we used our wolf because our senses would be much stronger.
  &quot;We don't want them getting caught up in us being here. &quot; Yustef added then started moving.
  I followed them from behind, we headed to the forest. Something about this place is somewhat familiar. We started climbing the mountain. It took us longer than I expected. We didn't encounter anyone during our hike.
  &quot;Are you sure this is the place?&quot; Noah asks again when we reach the top.
  &quot;Yes, I saw the same white walls and structure,&quot; Eliot answered.
  We all stood outside the burned building. I stop to scan the place then something flashed in my mind.
  ***Vision***
  &quot;Hurry up Aiden! We need to run faster!&quot; I turned to follow the little kid in front of me it was Afreo. Someone was chasing after us.
  &quot;Amara is still inside!&quot; Someone shouted, I glance at Mulac who is crying while being held by Calixto.
  &quot;I'll get her.&quot; I mumbled then stop to return to the building. But I was too late the guards had already caught upon us. They started carrying us back.
  ***Vision end***
  &quot;Dwayne let's go.&quot; I blink and look at Eliot, it was just the two of us left standing outside the burned building.
  &quot;They left already, we decided to check the premises just to make sure,&quot; Eliot explained. I nodded my head and started following him.
  The structure of the building was still there. I scan the place it was dark. The place looks abandoned like no one ever came here.
  When we turn to the right hallway, I stop mid-way when I notice the familiar room. I slowly walk inside it and found the empty room in my memory. I can't be wrong this is the exact empty room that I saw where they gave us the medicine.
  &quot;Something wrong?&quot; Eliot ask, I turned to face him. His expression wasn't good. He looks like he somehow feels uncomfortable being in this room.
  &quot;Tell me Eliot you've been here right?&quot; I said, he averted his eyes and nodded his head.
  &quot;Just what on earth is happening? What are those memories? Are they even real?&quot; I mutter, I can feel my anger. I brush my hair using my hand because of frustrations.
  &quot;You will remember everything soon Dwayne. You just have to be patient.&quot; He uttered, I didn't answer him and made my way out. I even bumped into him.
  I started walking down the familiar path, where the dungeon is located. I slowly opened the old door leading to the dungeon.
  It was still intact, the path down the dungeon feel like years. That every step I'm taking the heaviness became unbearable.
  I scan the place and it was exactly like how I remember. I slowly walk down the path and stop at the third cell. This is where I last saw her.
  My body move on its own and entered the cell. Something started flashing back in my head.
  ***Vision***
  &quot;Aiden wake up! If you don't get up, we will get beaten!&quot; I opened my eyes and saw the familiar face of Mulac. His small hands were shaking me.
  I slowly stood up then glance in the direction of the third cell.
  &quot;She wasn't there,&quot; Afreo said, knowing who he was talking about. I glance at him.
  We heard some footsteps and then the guards arrived but they weren't alone. There was a woman with them wearing the same lab coats that the Doctors from before were wearing. She smiled at us and it was giving me goosebumps.
  &quot;Hello kiddos, shall we begin?&quot;
  And the scene shifts.

###chapter 44 Red Eyes
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  &quot;Aiden keeps moving, what is wrong with you today? You've been here for about a month now and still, you were acting weird.&quot; Aris mutters then started moving faster, I followed from his behind.
  So the time frame this time is about a month now. I glance at Afreo I need to ask him something, knowing that he was the first one who arrives here among the other kids.
  I slowly made my way to his side not letting the guard hear me as we continue our walk to who knows where.
  &quot;Afreo you told me she was different why did you say that?&quot; He stared at me with the are your serious kind of look. I nodded my head at him, he let out a sigh. He was still too young to do that but I won't be surprised by him.
  &quot;When I arrived here the first night I started having nightmares, and those aren't normal nightmares. It was like darkness was eating me alive.&quot; He whispered back.
  &quot;Hey, both of you!&quot; We turn our heads to the guard on our back &quot;No talking!&quot; He ordered.
  &quot;I'll talk to you later,&quot; I whispered to him he looked hesitant at the moment but end up nodding his head.
  I step away from him and continue walking, this time they took us into the same white-walled room, but this time the woman earlier was waiting for us, she was sitting next to the hospital bed.
  &quot;Go inside!&quot; One of the guards push my back and I started moving inside, the others followed from my behind.
  I scan the whole room as I entered, there are 4 hospital beds and 4 Doctors with her. It looks like a typical clinic that you will see around.
  &quot;Aiden come here.&quot; I hesitated but the guard nudge my shoulder and motioned me to start moving. I slowly made my way to her. There is something within me? Or this body that is telling me not to go to her, but I have no choice.
  &quot;Now lay down on the bed.&quot; I followed her instructions quietly. I have no idea what she was doing but she started rubbing something in my arms then she pulled a syringe. It has some red liquid on it.
  &quot;This won't hurt, so don't be afraid.&quot; I wasn't afraid because of the syringe; I was afraid of what possible things I might discover in this place.
  I flinch when I felt the needle start poking my skin, my heart started beating fast when the liquid in the syringe was all gone.
  &quot;Now take a deep breath.&quot; I followed her instructions and slowly took a deep breath until I felt my whole body relaxes as my heartbeat started to come slow.
  I turn my head to the side and saw Afreo, Mulac, Calixto, and Aris also laying in the bed. The four other Doctors also took out some syringes with the same red liquid on them and started injecting them with it.
  I slowly feel dizzy as time goes by, I tried to get up but she stops me.
  &quot;Don't move.&quot; It was the last thing I remember before everything went black.
  When I woke up we are back in the same dark cell where we are locked up. The guards were just about to get out when I heard them talking.
  &quot;Why would they need these human children for this?&quot; That familiar voice of the guard said.
  &quot;I have no idea, but I heard last time that they tried it on some werewolves then they all end up dying.&quot; The other one answered.
  &quot;This person is really scary; I can feel my whole body shiver when I first saw him.&quot; The other one said.
  &quot;You're just a coward.&quot; The other one said then he started laughing.
  &quot;As if you aren't one, I even saw you trembled when he asked you about something.&quot; I didn't hear anything else after that as they started to walk outside.
  When I'm sure they aren't around I open my eyes, the others are still unconscious. I look down my hands and found the chains locked up again.
  I heard the sound of chains from the other corner of the dungeon, she was here.
  &quot;Amara?&quot; I ask unsure if it was. I have no idea what happened to her after the last time I woke up.
  &quot;Y-yeah?&quot; Her voice cracked, she sounded weak. What did they do to her this time? I notice my eyesight became clearer and clearer. This time I can see her silhouette in the dark place, it wasn't that clear but it was better than the last time.
  I can see that she was sitting and leaning on the bars of the cell.
  &quot;What happened to you?&quot; I ask, I can't help but as what happened to her. Something inside me is feeling restless by just seeing her like this. And I'm sure it wasn't just an ordinary pity.
  &quot;They take me into this room, I don't know why but they started injecting me this black liquid. The same thing that I told you about the other day.&quot; She mumbled, I have no idea what happened before I came back here but I can tell it wasn't that good. She sounded weaker than before.
  &quot;Did they do anything weird to you?&quot; I ask again, I saw some flicker of light around her eyes but I can't picture it properly.
  &quot;No... But I feel weird, sometimes it feels like someone was controlling me? It was like I wasn't myself but the I was also aware at the same time.&quot; She said, unsure of what she was saying does make sense.
  &quot;Don't worry everything will be okay.&quot; I tried to assure her but I wasn't even sure what is happening.
  I don't know if everything that I am feeling and seeing right now was even true or just some sort of unrealistic happenings.
  We both started talking to each other again, I told her something about the human world this time, based on what I know as Dwayne of course. She started to relax as we talk, she was amazed as I tell her about the food that humans have. We continue talking like that until she fell asleep.
  I turned to face the now awake Afreo, I know that he was awake before she fell asleep and he was listening to our conversation.
  &quot;I know you're awake,&quot; I said, he slowly gets up and look at me.
  &quot;How did you know all that? Just who are you Aiden?&quot; I was right, this child was exactly like Clint. The way they think is the same. I wouldn't be surprised if he punches me.
  &quot;I wasn't sure myself. &quot; I answered the truth. After everything that is happening lately, I wasn't even sure who is the real me.
  He didn't say anything and remained silent, this is my cue to continue the conversation we left earlier.
  &quot;I need to ask you to continue what you were telling me earlier.&quot; He frowned then started talking, the childlike Clint was much easier to talk to than the old one I know.
  &quot;As I was saying, I always had nightmares like darkness was eating me up. It continues for 3 days; I wasn't aware of her during those times than by the 4th day when I woke up from the same nightmare she was standing right in front of me. Her eyes were staring at me blankly, and for the first time in my life, I never felt the same fear ever. The guards took her with them after that. I was left dumbfounded during that time. That was the first time I saw her face, she had this unusual silver-white hair and her eyes were Gold and Red but what is bothering me is the way her eyes look blank like nothing is written in them.&quot; He explained.
  I glance in her direction. I can feel the fear of Afreo in his voice as he retells what he just experience.
  &quot;After that, the nightmares continue but this time it wasn't the darkness eating me. It was her, she was standing in the same spot where I saw her but this time she was covered with blood and she was holding my heart.&quot; His eyes stared at me, he looked serious and afraid at the same time.
  &quot;It only stops when Aris arrived&quot; he added, we both remain silent after that. No one is sure what to say, I have no idea how to even react after what I just heard.
  I glance in her direction; she was the same girl before when the lady took me somewhere. She was sleeping soundly, Afreo was also staring in her direction his eyes were full of wary.
  &quot;Just who on earth are you?&quot; I whispered, unsure if I wanted that question to be answered at all.
  I look around once more and found a pair of red eyes staring back at me.

###chapter 45 Klaire
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  A pair of eyes staring at me...
  We heard some footsteps coming this way, I pretended to sleep they stop right in front of the 3rd cell then the other guards stop in front of us. They were around 10 guards in total.
  &quot;Wake up!&quot; We slowly stood up, they are different from the guards who usually took us.
  &quot;What is happening?&quot; Mulac ask, still haft asleep.
  &quot;Be quiet Mulac and follow us.&quot; Calixto went to his side then slowly help him get up.
  &quot;Now start moving.&quot; I turned to see what is happening at the other side of the cell and just like us they took her with them.
  She was moving right in front of us, we slowly followed them until we reach the entrance of the Dungeon, I close my eyes as soon as the light hit me. Now I can really see her clearly she didn't turn around or even glances at me.
  Silver-white hair that looked as if the moon poured its silvery white light onto the strands of her hair.
  &quot;Move faster.&quot; The order was directed to me, I didn't notice that I was staring this long and stop moving.
  I started walking faster, this time we turn to the hallway then move right until we reach a red door. The door was big at the point of view of the young child.
  The door opened and we were force to enter it. There are total of 10 bed at this room when we all got inside the door was automatically closed. I turned to check it but it was useless, the door knob was already locked before I even reach it.
  I scan the room it was a medium size room big enough to sustain us all. A slight sound made us turned our heads, it was a boy. He was hugging himself in the corner. Hands trembling, Mulac slowly walk to his direction and went down to his knees to check on him.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot; I ask, not sure what to do with him. He lifter his head tears were streaming down his face.
  He had a long hair, half of this face was covered by the strands of his hair. Black eyes stared back at us.
  &quot;Are you alright? Did they do something to you?&quot; He shakes his head rapidly then stared at me.
  &quot;I'm Mulac, do you have a name?&quot; He shakes his head once more; he doesn't have a name? Or he just doesn't remember it?
  &quot;Do you even know anything?&quot; Afreo said who is already standing beside Mulac. Aris also went to where the kid was sitting and started talking to him.
  Calixto was standing next to the little girl, she was standing in the far corner and Calixto was next to her, I have no idea what they are talking about, and she was actually smiling at him.
  There is slight discomfort as I watch them, when they notice me watching they both stop talking.
  I didn't know that they were close also during Calixto's reaction before. That thought never cross my mind. I can feel a slight irritation and I don't know if this is mine or this kid's emotions.
  The door opened taking all our attention to the new arrival. It was the same woman; her name is Via if I'm not mistaken. She was smiling when she entered, her eyes roam around and stop at her direction.
  She walks around and stop in the center right in front of us.
  &quot;Okay now, this will be your new room. Don't you like it?&quot; She asks, no dare answer among us we just stood there with confused face.
  &quot;Well that would be all, now please have some rest. I'll meet you all in the morning.&quot; She said then start walking to her direction. The Doctor lean forward to match her height, her eyes were blank. She whispered something to her making her eyes wide. Then started walking to the door after that.
  &quot;Goodnight everyone...&quot; She mutters then the door opened and she went out.
  The rest of us all stood there quietly unable to even process everything. Afreo climb to one of the bed and the rest followed, I pick the bed next to her Calixto was next to Mulac and right after her was the kid with the long hair. I still have no idea who he was.
  &quot;You should choose the bed which is further away from me.&quot; She mumbled.
  I was right what I saw earlier weren't an imagination she was fully awake that time and heard us.
  &quot;I'm sorry about what you heard.&quot; I somehow feel guilty about everything. She shrugged her shoulders as if it was nothing.
  &quot;I'm used to it. I know I look different and weird.&quot; She mumbled, but the sadness in her voice was evident.
  I don't remember what our conversation was about but the next morning the Doctor arrived again, they gave us some breakfast then the same medicine as before. The whole month our routine was always like that. They will come here do some checkup. Writing something in their files then the same thing happened like every single day.
  We also name the kid with the long hair Kariz, we all decided it and he seems to like it. The relationship between us all was starting to be more comfortable.
  We heard that Amara was actually raised here, she was locked up in the dungeon before she even remembers it.
  It was already being 3 months; I notice some changes within my body. It was starting to become different, I can feel my strength increasing and the same goes to the others. The doctors started taking some blood samples from us after they notice some changes from us. I'm still not sure what the hell are they doing, why would they need human kids for this things. I confirmed that all of us was human because there aren't any traces that indicates they are from the werewolves bloodline.
  The door opened again and this time it wasn't the typical doctors who went to check on us. It was Via and she was with a man, I can feel the power radiating around him. Even a little human can tell that he wasn't normal. Grey eyes was looking for something in the room then it stops on my direction or should I say at the person behind me. I can feel her whole body trembled in fear as he stared at her.
  She was pulling the hem of my shirt making herself smaller, as she tries to avoid his piercing gaze. He walks slowly at us; his steps feel like he was dominating us. He stops right in front of me I look up to gaze at him but he didn't bother looking at me.
  &quot;Is that how you greet your father?&quot; All our eyes went wide except for him and the Doctor. She lowers her head; she was now clenching my shirt. It felt like she could rip it off any minute now.
  &quot;Come with me.&quot; She looks hesitant for a moment, &quot;You know what will happen next.&quot; He said smiling, but his voice was giving a low warning. She instantly went to his side. She turned her head to glance at my direction before she followed him. They all went outside living us with Doctor Via.
  &quot;Okay now, I need you all to also follow me.&quot; We didn't say anything the guards started entering the room, we all went to line up like how we used to then start following them from behind. I don't know where she went but this time we are heading to another direction far from the usual place we are getting to.
  We entered the room, 6 bed was waiting for us, they instructed us to lay down and we complied.
  They started to inject us with something, I felt my surroundings spinning. This isn't a good sign; I need to get out of here. I tried to get up but I can't feel my strength.
  &quot;Let's now begin...&quot; Was the last thing I heard before everything went blank.
  ***Vision end***
  I now remember everything, starting from this place. I scan the dungeon once more. I heard some footsteps from my behind it was Eliot.
  &quot;Aris.&quot; I utter those words; he didn't look surprised after hearing that name.
  &quot;Welcome back Aiden.&quot; He smiled at me. I gave him a bro hug and he did the same.
  &quot;Since when did you remember?&quot; I ask, he shrugged his shoulders.
  &quot;I really don't know at first I thought those are all some random dreams, I didn't believe it at first, then I saw the same Lady you were talking about. &quot; He explained.
  A loud noise caught both our attention, we started running outside. The rest was already there when we get there, the loud noise came from the other side of the Island, there were smoke around there. This only means one thing...
  She was really here, we all went out shifting to our wolves, and when we got there. It was already too late...

###chapter 46 Bloodline
  Klaire's P.O.V
  ***Vision***
  What is he doing here? I can't be wrong it was him, right? That little kid?
  I ran outside that place and when I close the door everything was on fire, there is smoke everywhere. I flinch when I heard a loud cry, just what on earth is happening right now? Is this another memory?
  I glance in the direction of the loud cry and found the young girl standing right next to the body of a lifeless werewolf. Her whole body was full of blood. I found some traces of blood from where she came from.
  My heart almost stopped when she turned in my direction, her eyes were blank. Her expression is different from a normal child around her age. Her eyes were red; a murderous glare was written all over them.
  &quot;Get her!&quot; I didn't notice the arrival of the other Rouges, they all shifted to their wolves.
  The little girl didn't even flinch and just stared at them and in a snap, they all started killing themselves. She started walking slowly in my direction.
  What happened next made my whole world stop.
  &quot;Remember me?&quot;
  I know that what she was saying was directed to me. I didn't say anything then she turned to face the new groups of Rogues right behind me.
  They look surprised by the gruesome sight in front of them. She slowly lifted her hand then whispered those words.
  &quot;Pain.&quot; Her words were directed at them and all of a sudden they all started whimpering in pain. Their loud cries echo within the walls of the hallway.
  One of them tried to fight and stood on his feet even though you can see the pain written on his face.
  &quot;I w-will kill you!&quot; He mumbled while trying to regain his strength.
  &quot;If you could even get close to me.&quot; She mumbled then her lips turned into a playful smile. And right within my eyes, his head exploded.
  The sight made the other Rogues tremble in fear, you could smell the fear in the air as well as the intensity of her power.
  She wasn't even doing anything except stare at them. This time she turned to the remaining Rogues who are weakened to a snivel.
  She slowly walks in their direction then glances down at them.
  &quot;Shall I help stop you from feeling in pain?&quot; She asked, her voice was soft yet it doesn't sound like a child at all.
  &quot;Okay, if no one will talk, then I have no other choice.&quot; She slowly lifted one of them, just right where her height can. Then in a blink of an eye, his heart was already in her little hands.
  &quot;See it wasn't that bad, you won't feel any pain anymore.&quot; She mumbled playfully.
  &quot;Amara!&quot; She turned to face the one who called her, Amara that name again...
  She let go of the body of the Rogue then face the same kid that I saw earlier. He wasn't alone there are 5 other kids right behind him. His green-blue eyes are glowing. I can never forget those eyes.
  &quot;Aiden, I was just about to get you all.&quot; She said, she sounded more like a child right now.
  They stop when they notice the sight in front of them. His eyes went back and forth from Amara to the Rogues. When she noticed his stare she turned her back to the Rogues.
  &quot;I was just about to finish.&quot; She mumbled then snap her fingers. All the rogues started taking their hearts out.
  One of the children covers the eyes of the smallest among them.
  &quot;Oh C'mon Mulac don't be afraid, I wouldn't do that to you.&quot; Her smile was giving me chills.
  &quot;Let's get going before he catches us all.&quot; The child that looked exactly like Clint said then they all started running.
  &quot;The exit is right next to that corner on the left.&quot; One of them said I notice an unfamiliar face among them that I just saw right now.
  He was small so I didn't notice him earlier. He had black hair and his long hair was covering the haft of his face. I tried to see his face clearly but it was useless.
  When I turned to face the entrance a man was already waiting for them. His presence was overwhelming, he slowly turned around to face the children, they all stop and stared at the man with the same expression as I am.
  &quot;Well, what do we got here?&quot; His words sounded normal but I can feel the intensity within his words.
  &quot;Get out of the way!&quot; The young Clint said, he sounded like the Clint I knew.
  &quot;Look here little kid, I gave you that strength. I even feed you and let you stay here instead of the shabby street. And this is what I would get in return?&quot; He acted like he was hurt but then everything happens too fast the next thing I know. The young child was already flying in the air.
  A loud thud erupted as he hits the wall. They all stood frozen like I am. His gray eyes look bored and unaffected.
  &quot;Now who wanted to go next?&quot; My eyes were wide open as I watch everything.
  &quot;Afreo!&quot; They all ran to where the young Clint who is called Afreo was laying around.
  &quot;What do want from us?&quot; Aiden mumbled, his green-blue eyes were furious and he was staring at that man, anger was written all over his innocent face.
  &quot;Aiden don't.&quot; She mumbled while holding his hand to stop him.
  &quot;Good question.&quot; The man put lifted his hands on his chin like he was thinking seriously about the answer.
  &quot;Well to be honest I don't need anything from all of you. Just her.&quot; His eyes were directed at the young girl behind Aiden.
  &quot;You all just substitute in case she wasn't successful.&quot; He mumbled, they all look confused like I am.
  &quot;What do you mean by that?&quot; This time another child asks.
  &quot;Since you will all die in my hands then, I will explain everything to you since that idiot Doctor didn't even have the slightest thought of telling you.&quot; He lit up tobacco that he took out of his coat.
  &quot;You see, the blood that is running in your veins came from her.&quot; He pointed at Amara. &quot;She was the key for me to open the old clan that is already extinct.&quot; He inhales then blows out the smoke from his tobacco.
  &quot;You see; her blood was capable on infusion with the Lycans old blood. Well, her father and I found that Royal blood of Lycans during our last war. But then he met her stupid mother who is protecting that bloodline.&quot; He mumbled then started hitting his tobacco.
  If what he was saying was true, the Lycans are the firstborn bloodline of werewolves. They are believed to be the most powerful creature that the Moon Goddess created but because they are so powerful, they became ruthless to their core and killed any kind of creature. Their thirst for blood and chaos is indescribable. The Moon Goddess then took her creation back and created the werewolves in exchange for the Lycans.
  &quot;Your lying!&quot; She mumbled, he started laughing.
  &quot;I am not my dear daughter, I raised you for this. I'm not your real father. I killed both of your parents because you were the only key.&quot; He said, then threw his tobacco.
  &quot;So everything was a lie? Everything I did for you was because I thought you were my father... I thought once I did everything you want so you could treat me like your daughter!&quot; Her voice broke as she started crying.
  &quot;Of course my daughter, I don't want to tell you this but you gave me no choice. I need you to be the vessel of the new Lycan and you happen to be the daughter of the protector and my dearest brother.&quot; He slowly walks towards her. But someone blocks his way. It was the kid who had a long hair
  &quot;Get out of the way you little bastard.&quot; Just like what happened to Afreo he ended up flying, he landed at the far corner.
  &quot;We won't forgive you!&quot; One of the children started running to attack him but end up getting beaten up. He kicks him right in the stomach.
  &quot;No Mulac!&quot; One of the kids run and tried to catch Mulac but he was already laying on the floor before he reached him.
  &quot;D-don't cry, Calixto.&quot; Mulac whispered, blood was dripping down his mouth.
  &quot;I'm not crying, we will get out of here so just stay still,&quot; Calixto said. I stood there completely hopelessly while watching all this happening right before my eyes.
  &quot;Now be a good kid and get out of the way.&quot; He stops right in front of Aiden who is holding Amara behind him.
  He lifted his head then glared at him.
  &quot;I won't let you!&quot; A loud slap echoes, Aiden almost fell to his feet but he remains standing.
  &quot;You still won't move?&quot; This time he lifted him using his one arm. He throws him on the wall hitting his back.
  He groans in pain but continues to stand and went to her side. Belerick looks annoyed at the moment. He punches him in the stomach making him throw up blood.
  &quot;STOP!&quot;

###chapter 47 Belerick
  Klaire's P.O.V
  The air around us was starting to feel heavier, everyone stopped moving and stared at the young girl, that I even myself was watching her with my eyes wide open.
  My surroundings were starting to be surrounded by darkness, I didn't notice earlier but she was starting to be surrounded by emanate glow, and it was dark. She was being surrounded by complete darkness, I couldn't see what is happening right in front of my eyes as the darkness was starting to consume her.
  &quot;HA! FINIALLY!&quot; Belerick was watching her with satisfaction in his eyes. He stops doing what his doing and lifted his hand in the air as he continues to watch the young girl.
  She was moving slowly; I can see her face as her back was facing me. She slowly walks herself towards Belerick.
  &quot;Amara no...&quot; Aiden whispered as his hands was around his stomach where Belerick kicked him. He tried to stand on his feet but failed and end up stumbling on the floor. He was too weak to move.
  &quot;This is it! This is what I've been waiting for!&quot; Belerick can't contain his excitement. When she was close enough to him, he slowly went down to his knees bowing head as Amara stops in front of him.
  The pressure around her was affecting everyone around her, including me even though I wasn't part of this time frame. I can feel my body started to feel her power. The atmosphere says it all like it holds a certain heaviness in the air like it would sit on your shoulders until it felt like you would be crushed.
  &quot;Welcome my Lord, I am Belerick your humbled servant.&quot; Belerick mutters as his head was still on the ground.
  &quot;Are you the one who woke me up?&quot; Her voice was low and sounded different than before.
  I remember what Clint was telling me before, Lycans are mystical creatures, they aren't just strong but have these abilities to control and dominate the werewolves. I really didn't put my mind on it but this time I can see what he meant by that.
  Everything that happened before, how those Rogues were killing each other.
  &quot;Yes my Lord, my brother and I tried to before but I have to kill him when he stops doing our goals.&quot; Belerick explained, I clench my fist just by remembering what I witnessed before.
  &quot;I see...&quot; Amara said, she scanned her surroundings. The stopping at the sight of the 5 children. Her smile was giving me goosebumps; her eyes were blank no traces of a young child written in them.
  Belerick lifted his head but that was far the worse decision he made.
  &quot;Did I ever said that you could lift your head? I remember exactly what you did to my vessel.&quot; She mumbled coldly. And with a snap of her fingers his head went flying.
  This caught everybody's attention, like she knew it would she smirked and watched their reactions. Everyone's face became pale. The fire at the building was starting to catch up on their location. But she didn't even mind it and dragged Belerick's body and toss his body in the fire like a piece of cake. Then he lifted his head using her left hand.
  &quot;Don't you all feel relieved now that he's dead?&quot; She asked, her voice sounded bored at the moment.
  The something flickered in her eyes, like some kind of idea came in her mind. She smiled at the thought in her heard.
  &quot;You all have this young girl's blood. I can feel her power radiating in them.&quot; She said, then lifted her hand in the air. &quot;This is interesting...&quot; She added then all the five children started to float in the air.
  &quot;Who are you? Where is Amara?!&quot; Aiden mumbled, he was trying to struggle but it was pointless.
  &quot;Malik, that was what they called me before. This vessel isn't bad, but something about you was the reason why this Child lose her control.&quot; She moved Aiden closer to her, she was scanning his face closely.
  &quot;I see; you both are mates after all.&quot; She said, sounding board. She turned her attention to the other one it was Afreo this time.
  &quot;You, you are the strongest among them. I can feel it; I saw you before in the dark. You were really fighting it.&quot; She mumbled, her eyes were full of enthusiasm as his lips formed a slight smile.
  &quot;I have no idea what you are talking about.&quot; Afreo said, she started doing something to him and he started to scream in pain.
  &quot;I wanna test how strong you were but I guess there aren't much to expect from you.&quot; She then turns her head to the next one, Afreo started to feel a slight sense of relief as the pain went down. This time it was Aris, I can see his hands trembling a little when she turned her head to him.
  &quot;Amara? Don't do this I know you could still here me!&quot; Aiden's voice shouted she didn't even turn her head at him and she send him flying from the far corner.
  &quot;I wouldn't want you to disturb her while she was sleeping.&quot; She said her voice was cold as eyes, her eyes went back to Aris.
  &quot;You were the visionary.&quot; She mumbled, she then threw Aris in the wall his back was hitting the concrete wall following a loud crashed.
  &quot;Now what do we have here.&quot; She was now in front of the 3 other kids, she scanned them back and forth.
  &quot;How come I don't feel anything from you.&quot; She moved slowly at the long haired child. She lifted his hair away from his face, showing a burnt like mark in his left face, the scar is surrounding his right eyes.
  &quot;You didn't receive her blood, no your body rejected it.&quot; She mumbled then turned her head back to the other remaining two.
  &quot;I still want to play with all of you but this little girl was starting to wake up and I wouldn't want her to bother my fun time.&quot; She mumbled.
  &quot;LET HER GO!&quot; Aiden came rushing to her direction, his eyes were glowing. And then he shifted into a black wolf, his wolf growl and charge at her. He slammed into her full force. She wasn't expecting that hit, what was even more surprising as he jumped towards her he surprised her by changing back into her human form and tackled her to the floor. Holding both her hand right above her neck as he climbed above her to sustain her.
  &quot;AMARA WAKE UP! I KNOW YOU COULD HEAR ME SO PLEASE COME BACK!&quot; he said while restraining her.
  &quot;She wouldn't hear you, I was keeping her somewhere safe.&quot; She mumbled, her lips were smiling giving him her triumphant smile.
  &quot;NO DON'T LET HIM CONTROL YOU AMARA! WAKE UP PLEASE! THIS ISN'T YOU! NONE OF THIS IS YOUR FAULT SO WAKE UP!&quot; He mumbles.
  &quot;Aiden?&quot; She whispered, then something flickered back again.
  &quot;NO! I WON'T LET YOU TAKE HER, SHE WAS MINE!&quot; she was back again to his control. She was starting to struggle but he pinned her down, the other started moving and helps Aiden on holding her down.
  &quot;WAKE UP AMARA! Come back to us we are here for you! You wouldn't be alone again. I am here for you.&quot; Her eyes started flowing with tears, following an emanate golden glow around her. It was warm and comforting.
  &quot;Aiden...&quot; She started sobbing then. He pulled her into a tight hug.
  &quot;Everything is fine now...&quot; He whispered and they all stumbled on the ground, as she lost her consciousness.
  &quot;Amara!&quot; One the child caught her in time before she hits the ground.
  &quot;Calixto be careful, she might still wake up and end up killing us all.&quot; The smallest one said, the one called Calixto shake his head.
  &quot;I didn't tell you about it but she was the one who save me during the time where I was helplessly beaten up by those guards when they caught me.&quot; He explained.
  &quot;But that wasn't important right now, we need to get out of here.&quot; The other mutters.
  They all started moving, one of them grabbed Aiden who is now unconscious, Afreo broke his arm by the impact.
  &quot;Let's get out of here.&quot; Calixto started to slowly lifted her and carried her outside.
  I stood there trying to process everything that I've seen so far. I watch as they all started walking outside, my eyes stopped at the long haired child then everything started filling up the holes.
  He slowly turns his head and stared at me with the same look that I would never forget. Everything was starting to make sense now.
  I close my eyes trying to stop my tears for falling and when I opened them I felt my body sinking, like I was being consumed into the deep see, all I can see is the small light getting further and further away from me as I was sinking deeper and deeper into this darkness.
  ***Vision end***

###chapter 48 Kariz
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I opened my eyes and saw Vicky waiting for me to wake up. And she was not alone. Someone is standing behind her, it was a man and his figure is familiar.
  &quot;You finally wake up.&quot; She mumbled then, the door on the glass box was already open. I slowly walked outside.
  &quot;So what do you want now?&quot; I asked. I scanned the place and my eyes landed on the man behind her. She probably noticed me staring.
  He slowly walked into the light my eyes went wide as soon as I saw his face. He was smiling as he glanced at me.
  &quot;Kariz?&quot;
  His smile widens, something is different about him. His eyes are glowing and they are red.
  &quot;Long time no see Amara or should I call you Klaire?&quot; He still sounded like how I remember him.
  &quot;What are you doing here?&quot; I asked unsurely.
  &quot;Did you not know?&quot; He asked, he slowly walked around the room. I watched his every move not wanting to missed anything.
  &quot;Just let me go Kariz!&quot; His eyes glared at me, red eyes glowing. I suddenly felt like something is strangling me. It was getting hard for me to breathe, he smiled at my reaction. The tightness in my throat loosens making me gasp for air.
  &quot;Calm yourself, princess, we don't want you doing the same thing you did before. Especially after what you did to your own Father.&quot; I frowned at his statement.
  &quot;I don't know what you are talking about!&quot; I rush to attack him but my body flew back a few feet hitting the walls within the room. A crack can be heard at the wall as I landed creating a big hole in the wall.
  &quot;Oh don't be mad, don't tell you were still under denial. C'mon Klaire we both know what you did.&quot; I glared at him.
  Then it all came to me, a blurry memory of the time when I was rescued.
  ***Flashback***
  &quot;My baby please come back to us.&quot;
  My father's voice echoes in my head. He was walking slowly in my direction; I glance at my hand then it was full of blood.
  &quot;It's okay my Princess, it wasn't your fault.&quot; He whispered as he tried to cover Clint who is behind him.
  &quot;It can't be?&quot; I stood there dumbfounded.
  Crouching low on the ground as memories came flooding in my head, I tried closing my eyes wishing that it will help me hide those memories away.
  Then a pair of arms pulled me. It was my father standing in front of me with a hole in his chest.
  His voice started screaming in my ears. Making me want to cut my both ears away.
  &quot;You killed me!&quot;
  &quot;You are not my daughter!&quot;
  I tried covering my ears but it was useless. The scream is starting to grow louder and louder.
  ***Flashback end***
  &quot;No, this can't be true.&quot; I shake my head not wanting to accept what I just remembered.
  &quot;Oh, C'mon Klaire, stop denying that they keep lying to you.&quot;
  I can't deny the fact that what he was saying was partly true. I stared at him still not wanting to accept what I had just done.
  &quot;No! Clint won't lie to me!&quot; I shouted. Still closing my eyes.
  &quot;Wake up Klaire this is the real you.&quot;
  No! It can't be! He was lying!
  I open my eyes and crash the wall next to me, then pulled his collar. &quot;You are lying!&quot; I mumbled before throwing him on the walls. But before he even hits the wall he stops midway. I grabbed everything that my hands can take and throw it at him. But everything is just turning to dust.
  &quot;How?&quot; That was all the thing I could say, he doesn't have that kind of power before. I stare at him still full of questions.
  I didn't notice him move but the next thing I know he was already standing next to me. His speed is much faster than Yustef. Just what on earth happened this past few years?
  &quot;Why are you doing this Kariz?&quot; I ask while my tears are still streaming down my face.
  He just stared at me and again I saw a flicker of emotions that he was trying to hide. He looked sad and broken right now but then it turned to hatred.
  &quot;Everything we know was all made of lies.&quot; He mumbled, I saw him clenching his fist. As he said those words.
  &quot;I followed you guys, because of what I thought everything that we did was right. We protected the Factions, the werewolf. But during that time I was still naive.&quot; He stopped then stared at the wall.
  &quot;I discover the truth during the time where you ordered me to start looking for Via the only one who has all the information we need to know the truth behind the experiments. But what I discovered made me mad.&quot; He stops and stared at me in the eyes.
  &quot;I was attacked by the pack of werewolves on my way to where Via is located. I found out that they are no ordinary Rogues but one of the Factions. They were ordered to kill me so I wouldn't succeed in finding out information. I was still human that time.&quot; I remained silent the whole time and just listened to him.
  &quot;I almost die that time; they threw my body right at the cliff. I also thought I would die but thanks to your blood I didn't. My powers started awakening as I was on the verge of dying. It was like I was born again but I remained unable to shift. I went back to where the Pack members were located and killed them one by one. I didn't get any information from them. So I went to the last person that I could think of. I visited Via but she was already dead when I got there, the only one breathing is her child who is bleeding to death. I took her in and started investigating on my own.&quot;
  I'm not even sure myself if what he was saying is true. I had enough people lying to me.
  &quot;I didn't tell you anything because I needed you. I found the hidden files of Via and started looking at them. And there I saw the reports of each of us. They wanted to use us as vessels of the Lycans. This is the reason why they killed both of your parents because you have the blood of the Moon Goddess within you.&quot;
  I heard all of this from Belerick before. But I still can't believe that all of this is real.
  &quot;But what shocked me is that the Factions are also behind these experiments. They started capturing human children to used them but none of them became successful until they found them, Aiden, Aris, Afreo, Mulac, and Calixto are the only ones who showed progress. I was just even lucky that I didn't die during the whole process so they took me in but before that happened they tried burning me. Those bastards made my life a living hell, every day I get beaten up just because I was not showing any improvement, unlike the others. They would take me into this dark room and start doing all kinds of stuff that they wanted. Every day I prayed for my death&quot; He explained.
  I could feel my anger right now as I remember the same hell that I experience with their hands.
  &quot;As I was inside those four dark corners of that room, I heard them talking about the Lycans. I became more and more interested in the Lycans after that, wanting to gain that power to erase them all. Because why not? They don't deserve to live after what they have done to us.&quot; He stops and cup my face and gave me his sinister smile.
  &quot;I started gaining my army after I found out the truth, I didn't tell you anything because I need you. You are the only key to my plans. At first, I thought I can fight you on my new awaken powers but it was a huge mistake. You are more powerful than I thought. I almost died that time and I was devastated when I found out that you died in the hands of Aiden. I thought that was the end of everything until one day I came across you. You were playing in the forest and I can't be mistaken. It was you, you came back to life somehow.&quot;
  I smacked his hand away from me and he started laughing at my reaction
  Then started playing with the strands of my hair. Making me flinch, I pulled his hand away from me not wanting to feel his touch.
  &quot;You know I always like your silver-white hair.&quot; He said then move closer to see my face.
  I can't move all of a sudden and I know it was his doing.
  &quot;I planned on taking you with me that time but you weren't alone, what I saw next fascinate me. You were with Afreo that shocked me at first then I discovered that all of you are reincarnated. That night I can't get you out of my mind so I took you back to where you belong.... to me.&quot; He continues then turns his back from me. To get something and when he got back he was holding something.
  &quot;I need you back Amara.&quot; He grasped my neck and injected a syringe into my neck.
  Once he was done he let me go as I wobble on my feet. My hand was holding the part where he injected it.
  &quot;I'm going to kill you right now&quot; I gritted my teeth before I fall to my back.
  He was just staring at me from the ground smiling with satisfaction.
  &quot;Then I will look forward to that day. But right now I still can't die.&quot; 

###chapter 49 Vicky
  Klaire's P.O.V
  I gasped as I felt my power run in my veins, it was overwhelming and suffocating at the same time. I started screaming when my body is starting to accept the power surging inside me it was painful. My body temperature continued to rise and it was making my heart beat faster.
  &quot;Stop fighting it Klaire, you know this is the real you.&quot; He mumbled.
  My body was starting to feel weird. And it hurts, I clench my fist to stop myself from screaming but it was useless.
  Voices started whispering in my head, I tried to ignore them but their whispers became louder. This time shadows started pulling me. I struggle from their grasp but as I pull harder the shadows was growing stronger.
  I wanted to scream but no sound came out of my throat. I glanced up at him he was staring at me with satisfaction in his eyes. My eyes were starting to tear up as it became harder and harder to breathe. I felt like I'm being buried.
  &quot;Don't fight it.&quot;
  That voice again, I could feel my power growing inside me. I need to clear my head, everything is so sudden... My memories were back it was fighting everything that I believe of.
  &quot;Stop shutting me down, Amara... You know that I am you and you are me.&quot;
  And with that, I felt my whole body become lighter as I was consumed with complete darkness.
  When I open my eyes and found myself floating in the air. My whole body feels so light like I weigh nothing at all. All my senses became more sensitive and precise; I can see my surroundings. Even the small dust in the air like it was zooming itself.
  I slowly landed myself, Kariz was waiting for me with a smile on his face as he stared at me.
  I could feel all my power running in my every vein. And it was refreshing and I felt fearless.
  I continued to walk in silence I began to observe my surroundings more. Kariz just followed from my behind. I just noticed this now but he didn't age at all. He looks exactly like how I picture him when he captured me except that the scars on his face are all gone.
  Something is different right now there is a presence of color swirling around me as I stared at my hands it was like a colorful blizzard, but the dominating one is the black one. It was glowing, getting stronger than the other auras. I feel different...
  What I see is something like energy? Or what they called auras, right now all my surroundings are emanating one. I can feel the bloodthirst in me like I wanted to see blood. The feelings of wanting to see death with my bare hands should send chills down my spine but instead, it was making me smile at all.
  I walk to where Kariz is, I stop when I was just a few inches away from him. He was smiling but I can see unknown emotions that he soon hides as he notices my staring.
  &quot;Is this what you want me to see?&quot; My voice sounded a bit different, it sounded dead and dull. My smile widens at that thought, I don't feel anything except for hatred.
  &quot;Yes, this is exactly what I expected. Seeing you fully like this only means we are near to attaining our goal. I was the only one you could trust.&quot; I tilted my head at him. he was staring dead serious in my eyes.
  &quot;You know I want to kill you right now right? And I could just do it like this.&quot; I crashed the head of the first person who just entered. His body automatically fell on the floor.
  He didn't look shocked at what I have done. Feeling satisfied, I know I shouldn't but why not? I can now have my freedom.
  &quot;Calm yourself, my Queen, you aren't even fully awake yet.&quot; He mumbled, then turn his attention to the Rogues who just entered.
  I step away from him, leaving him with his own business.
  My eyes snap at Vicky who has her eyes wide open when she notices me staring and started trembling. I slowly walk towards her, she swallowed her saliva as I get closer and closer.
  &quot;Oh C'mon Vicky, don't be afraid. This is what you wanted to witness in the first place right?&quot; I started playing with her hair, just like how her mother used to do to me.
  &quot;Now that I look at you properly, you aren't dead and your resemblance with your mother was starting to come back to me.&quot; I move to her other side.
  &quot;Remember when I went to your house one day? No one knew about what I did that day, even myself but then thanks to you. I started remembering everything.&quot;
  She stiffens at that thought, she clenches her fist.
  &quot;Remember? Or did you forget? Well, let me retell it to you just in case you forgot about it. You were still young that time, maybe around 12 if I'm not mistaken. I came looking for your mother and I succeeded. I found where she was hiding and didn't know she had a daughter. But you know what? I remembered everything she did to me that time. How she could start experimenting on a little child who doesn't even know how to walk yet. Every injects every trial and error, all those tortures that I had to endure at a very very young age I remembered all those things too well. And yet she dared to have a child?&quot; I circled her, touching the long flocks of her hair.
  &quot;When I saw her smiling at you like she has done nothing wrong in the past that made me angry. I was so mad that I can't care less if her daughter saw her mother dies in front of her. On the contrary, I was even more satisfied at that thought. As I saw the horror in her eyes as soon as she saw me. &quot;
  I stop for a moment.
  &quot;Then she started thinking about you. She was begging me not to hurt you. What if I wanted to kill her? I could but not in front of her beloved daughter. You are probably not aware of this. She was crying her eyes out at that moment. But it was too late for her to start begging.&quot;
  I tightened my fist when I remember how I begged her every time she left me with uncontrollable rogues. How they played with me, with their dirty hands all over me.
  &quot;Funny right? How could she leave a young child with those savages and yet she was begging for the life of her daughter? I wanted her to feel the pain I suffered before.&quot; I lean closer to her and whispered...
  &quot;Well, I thought I did kill you before Vicky because I do remember how your mother cried that time when she saw me tearing your arms out, you didn't even have your first shift that time so I was sure you will go to die if I left you like that. But I was wrong.&quot; I glance at Kariz who was now looking at us.
  I already knew whose fault it that.
  &quot;Anyway after that, she cried her eyes out, I thought I will be satisfied by just seeing that but I wasn't. It was far more than that, I didn't feel anything. Then I decided that if I killed her I might feel satisfied. So, I did... I pulled her heart out but I still feel nothing so I snap her head off but still feel nothing, then I started pulling every limb of her body but I felt nothing. It was an empty feeling, I thought after I killed the person who is also behind my sufferings I will be satisfied and happy. But instead, I felt nothing but emptiness, my hatred didn't even submerge.&quot;
  She was crying hardly after I was finished, I didn't notice that her hand was artificial, Klaire is stupid anyway, no wonder she was easily manipulated.
  &quot;All this time I was clueless who killed my mother! IT WAS YOU ALL ALONG!&quot; She shouted angrily then turns to look in Kariz's direction.
  Did she believe every word he said?
  &quot;AND YOU! YOU LIED TO ME! I EVEN HELP YOU TO AWAKEN HER! AND ALL THIS TIME IT WAS HER WHO KILLED MY MOTHER IT WASN'T EVEN THE FACTIONS DOING!&quot; She rushed towards Kariz but she was no match to him he easily pinned her down.
  &quot;Oh, I wouldn't do that if I were you. I was really glad for your help but if you will start acting like this then... You gave me no choice.&quot; He broke her right arm.
  She started screaming as blood came rushing her arm.
  &quot;You were heartless,&quot; I mumbled.
  He smiled at me then shrugged his shoulders. We both stood there staring at her. She looked hopeless. We turned our back at her and started heading out.
  &quot;Oh, I forgot to tell you something.&quot; Kariz stops for a minute then stared at me in the eyes.
  &quot;They have arrived.&quot;

###chapter 50 Amara
  Clint's P.O.V
  When we arrived it was already too late, the whole place was a mess. Burning buildings and lifeless bodies scattered around.
  I can sense that Dwayne already knew something about the past, I'll ask him later about it. I tried to hide the fact that he was one of us when I heard that he rejected her. But right now she was more important than my anger.
  The day where she also went missing came flooding in my mind.
  ***Flashback***
  &quot;Clint let's go!&quot; She said with full of excitement. I climbed down the stairs and followed her.
  I promised her that I would spend the day with her because I was too busy with my training.
  Once we reached the wall, she held my hand. We both looked for the small cracks that only me and the 3 others know.
  &quot;Shhhh... We usually used this whenever we want to go outside.&quot; She looked amazed at that time. She started clapping her hands and giggling.
  &quot;Okay.&quot; Her small hands closed her mouth. My sister is adorable.
  We crawled to the hole and the forest welcomes us. It was her first time going outside, she was always locked up inside because she has a weak body. She was born human.
  I smiled as I watched her running around. She was picking wildflowers.
  &quot;This is so beautiful Brother! I have never seen such beautiful flowers.&quot; She mumbled. I sat at the tree and watch her play. I also played with her until dawn.
  &quot;We need to go back; they will notice we were gone if we won't get back before dinner.&quot; She pouted at first but nodded her head.
  If I knew that was the last day of her peaceful life, I would have just spent the whole night outside the walls with her.
  That same night we were attacked by rouges, we had no idea how they got inside but we are outnumbered. And they are stronger than a normal rouge. Those piercing red eyes.
  &quot;Clint get your sister!&quot; Our father called from a distance as he was fighting a huge black rogue.
  I ran upstairs but I was too late already. Klaire was nowhere to be found. I went looking for her in every corner of her room but found nothing only traces of blood were left behind.
  &quot;Where is she?&quot; I didn't notice my father's arrival I just stood there and shake my head as tears streamed down my face.
  &quot;She's gone,&quot; I mumbled.
  Our Father did everything to find her and when we did it took us 2 years. But when we found her she was already different, too different... silver-white hair with a pair of red and golden eyes stared back at us. As she kills anyone that crosses her sight.
  We were already too late.
  Our father tried to stop her but she was too powerful. She looked like she was a completely different person.
  &quot;Klaire stop please.&quot; My father pleaded then turn in my direction. &quot;Get away from here Clint.&quot; He ordered.
  I don't know what to do at that time and I just stood there frozen, unable to even move my own body.
  And everything happens fast within my eyes.
  He walked in her direction not even shifting to his wolf. He will die if he won't shift. I wanted to shout and ran in his direction but no voice came out to my mouth.
  &quot;My baby please come back to us.&quot; He stopped when he was right in front of her.
  &quot;I'm not your daughter.&quot; She mumbled coldly the way she smiled is making me shiver. &quot;It's been a while... You must be the son of Aris. You look like your father.&quot; She said while scanning our father from head to toe.
  &quot;Give me back my daughter Amara.&quot;
  I have no idea what they are talking about.
  &quot;I'll give her back but you will know we will be awakened again.&quot; She mumbled.
  My father didn't say anything.
  &quot;Just give her back please.&quot;
  She smiled and turn her head in my direction.
  &quot;Don't you dare do something to him!&quot; He warned, making her smile grow bigger.
  In a blink of an eye, she was gone from where she was standing earlier. Before I know it she was already standing in front of me.
  Everything happened too fast, the next thing I know my Father was standing in front of me with a hole in his chest.
  &quot;Such a bummer.&quot; She mumbled.
  I was unable to move; I watch as my father's body fall on the ground.
  She turns to me and I can feel my whole body trembling. She pats my head like I usually do to her.
  &quot;I'll see you soon Afreo...&quot; She whispered and then fell unconscious with my hands.
  After that day I found out that she doesn't remember anything at all. And I kept it that way.
  Soon after that, I started remembering everything when I was Afreo.
  At first, they started as nightmares, then as time goes by everything started to make sense. Then one-day Yustef, Eliot, and Noah all the three of them started remembering. It was around their first shift when they came running to me and telling me about what they have just seen.
  I told them everything they saw in their heads were all real. They didn't believe it at first but when they saw Klaire everything came back to them.
  Klaire knows nothing about her real identity, but then her fear started coming. She told us everything about what is happening during the years she was taken. She told us about the blood they took from her and there was a body. She can't remember the details but she was afraid about what she only knew so far. I wanted her to forget everything but it was useless she always surpasses my power.
  The day where I saw her use her power again made me realize that the same thing might happen again. And the fact that her captors knew something about her is another serious matter.
  I monitored her during that time when her rage started, we started training her to control it. At first, I was afraid that she might end up losing control but as time goes by she started to learn to control her power. But then one day something happened she met Dwayne, and when she told me about him... I already knew Aiden was back. He was her mate after all.
  Everything is starting to happen again...
  ***Flashback end***
  &quot;Clint are you okay?&quot; I was brought back to reality when Yustef nudge my arm. I glance at him then back in front of me.
  The scene was familiar. I look around to look for any sign of Klaire, she was nowhere to be found.
  The same thing happened during the second war. After we got out of the facility we all stuck together, we build the Central Kingdom. She became our Alpha during that time, we still have no idea how it happened but another war broke down. This time Kariz was the one who is leading the rebellion after he went missing.
  At first, we have no idea where he was, we thought he was dead due to the report before that they found his body floating in the cliff. Until we saw him killing everyone that belong to the Factions. That gave us no choice but to fight him.
  Kariz was the only one who didn't shift after receiving Klaire's blood but he was completely overpowering us during that war. Just like before he remained human but his abilities somehow look like Amara at that time. I'm not sure if it was just my imagination but it felt exactly like hers.
  That war causes us everything, especially her. It happened so quickly that she lost control of her power, and she started killing everyone that came across her.
  We all sacrificed ourselves just to stop her that time, and that was when everything ended or so we thought...
  &quot;Clint over here!&quot;
  I snap out of my thoughts and followed them, what I saw was nothing to what I anticipated.
  It was more gruesome than what we saw earlier, the place was nothing like a blood bath. Bodies were lying around and they weren't just killed normally, their whole body was torn into pieces.
  &quot;What happened here?&quot; Noah mumbled to himself as he took in everything he was seeing. This was worse than before.
  &quot;You think it was her doing?&quot; Yustef ask, not wanting to believe everything he was seeing. The smell of dead werewolves was in the air. 
  &quot;She was here...&quot; Dwayne uttered, then started walking.
  We followed him from behind. You can see all the remains of the werewolves around.
  &quot;I can smell her scent, she was close.&quot; He announced then started running faster.
  We also did the same. 
  We are heading on the further part of the forest the same way where we tried to escape before there was a huge crack on the ground that split the ground into two. He stops once we reach the far end.
  And there she was...

###chapter 51 Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  &quot;They have arrived.&quot; Kariz said.
  If I were still Klaire I would be scared of seeing them right now. But I wasn't her anymore. Even though I know part of her is still within me. But right now I am no longer Klaire. I am Amara.
  I didn't answer Kariz and just turned my back on him and start walking outside.
  I know that I wasn't fully awakened yet, there are still parts of me wanting to run away from here and go back to where they are. But I can't anymore not after everything. This is not something that I could just bury at the back of my head and forget about it.
  &quot;Looks like they have company.&quot; He added as we heard the footsteps of werewolves coming our way.
  And soon after hundreds of werewolves appear.
  &quot;They are from the Faction.&quot; He mumbled.
  We are surrounded by them then he suddenly turned his back on me and started walking away.
  &quot;Where are you going?&quot; I ask unsure what is going on in his head.
  &quot;Well, I'm giving you your freedom to choose. &quot; And with that, Kariz vanishes.
  I stood there alone, they aren't familiar so I wasn't sure if he was lying until I caught the scent of someone familiar among them. I can't be mistaken it was really her, the she-wolf called Sarah.
  A brown wolf was hiding at the back far from my reach but I know her too well. A pair of hazel eyes stared back at me. The image of her with Dwayne flashes in my head. I can feel my anger resurface just by seeing her.
  They started positioning themselves, completely surrounded me, it only means that what Kariz said was true they are here for me.
  They all snarled at me, growling while showing their canines at me. I let out a deep breath, trying to calm myself. I don't wanna do something that I might regret again. But right now they aren't helping at all. They all started attacking me.
  &quot;Remember you are not Klaire anymore. &quot; Those voices again, my whole surroundings just turn completely dark.
  &quot;You are Amara.&quot;
  I felt a presence hugging me from behind.
  &quot;You are not weak...&quot; She whispered.
  I am not weak I whispered to myself.
  &quot;Embrace me, Amara.&quot;
  I followed everything that she was saying. Feeling the presence of my old self slowly fading...
  &quot;Now close your eyes and let me in.&quot;
  I slowly close my eyes.
  I opened my eyes went I felt them running forward to attack me, my reflexes are faster as I jumped up and attack the first wolf that is near me. I focused my attack right at its neck where the weak spot is located. After that, I went to other ones. This time I snap their heads off, I continue doing that until half of them was already dead.
  Slowly made my way to the remaining.
  I didn't notice that we are already made further to the center of the forest where the circular altar was sitting. I remember this place too well; this is where I was always tied up bleeding till I wish that death will soon visit me.
  Then Sarah caught my attention. She was running to the far end of the forest.
  &quot;You can't get away from me.&quot; I said just enough for her to hear me.
  I slowly made my way to her, I can see fear written in her eyes when I caught up to her. She just stood there watching me as I kill everyone with just my bare hands.
  My eyes remain on her, not even blinking an eye when someone tries to attack me. All those who tried ended up dead anyway, I even notice some of them running away after witnessing everything. I was not interested in them in the first place so they could run all they want. I'll kill them later when I'm done with Sarah.
  As I reach her I stop just a few feet away from her. She was glaring at me, she lashed out her anger as she pounced against me. That somehow surprised me, I did not expect her to have this kind of strength. She showed me her canines, snarling at me like she was mocking me.
  I brush the dirt away from my bloody dress. I was already covered in blood anyway so why did I even care about a speck of single dirt? Now that I notice my surroundings are covered with blood.
  How many of them did I kill already? I lost count of them. I shrugged my shoulders and walk to her direction. She was ready to attack once more but this time I caught her right before she landed on me again. I aim for her abdomen. Surely breaking some of her ribs.
  I smile I satisfaction as I hear her cry in pain. She was gasping for air as soon as she shifted back to her human form.
  &quot;S-stop!&quot; She pleated as I grab her hair. &quot;Let me go you monster!&quot;
  I push her to the ground making her crouch in pain.
  &quot;Are you with Dwayne?&quot;
  She started laughing after I mention him.
  &quot;Y-you really think he will still accept you after seeing this?&quot;
  I glance around us blood only dead bodies can be seen. Like the whole place is painted in blood.
  &quot;H-he won't accept you after you killed his pack members!&quot;
  I can't help but get mad at her words. I lifted my hand wanting to snatch her tongue out of her pretty mouth. When a loud explosion erupted, making me almost my balance because of the earthquake that it created.
  &quot;Our job here is done. Now he won't believe you even if you know the truth.&quot; She mumbled then used all her strength to kick me between the cracks and shifted to her wolf to get away from her.
  The cracks are getting bigger I tried to shift my weight as I felt the ground where I was standing is completely unstable it will crumble in a matter of seconds. I jump and landed to the other side. The explosion causes the Island to split into two. 
  She run to the other side and even if I jump from here I wouldn't be able to reach the other side.
  I heard footsteps heading my way I look up and found Galaz. He didn't look surprised at how I looked. Ria and Ali followed him from behind. They all came out of nowhere.
  &quot;What are you doing here?&quot; I ask not even looking at them.
  &quot;Woah this place looks horrible&quot; Ria mutters ignoring my question.
  &quot;This is crazy; I will take note to not get into your bad side.&quot; Ali's uttered then started picking up some parts of the dead bodies around us and throwing them to Ria.
  &quot;Ali these is new clothes!&quot; She complained, red stains of blood got into her top.
  &quot;We need to get going the island will soon sink.&quot; After Galaz said that another earthquake erupted.
  &quot;Just what the hell are those factions are thinking destroying their laboratories,&quot; Ria mumbled.
  &quot;Isn't that your lab?&quot; That suddenly came out of my mouth.
  Ria shakes her head then looks at me.
  &quot;That place is where they keep us before. Kariz was the one who rescued us.&quot; She answered, then turn her attention to the place where the smoke came from.
  &quot;We just return back here and killed everyone after we took you in. I'm sure that was also the reason why they send all these werewolves running here.&quot; Ali added.
  Just what the hell is happening, how come we heard nothing about this? Or they didn't tell me anything about this?
  &quot;They don't deserve to live,&quot; Galaz said.
  I can't see his face but I feel his hatred. He then walked towards me and offered me a handkerchief but I didn't take it. I was already covered with blood and that won't do anything.
  &quot;Where is he?&quot; I don't need to mention his name because I'm fully aware that he knows who I'm talking about.
  &quot;Kariz was probably in the somewhere along the coast waiting.&quot;
  I glance at the bodice of water surrounding us.
  &quot;We have been waiting for you all these years.&quot; Galaz added.
  &quot;You can't even be sure that you could trust me,&quot; I mutter coldly.
  This newfound power of mine is too hungry for blood, the thirst of seeing someone dying is making me feel alive.
  Just seeing what I have just done and not feeling anything is making me unsure of myself. I know this part of me is because I as Klaire am still not gone, I can still feel her inside me those memories that I have as she is still flashing in my head.
  But all of those are all created by lies. I close my eyes trying to bury those memories away when something caught my attention.
  That scent! I can't be mistaken...
  The rustling of leaves followed by footsteps soon approaches us. My head snaps at the new arrivals it was really him.
  I feel my heart pounding in my chest as soon as our eyes meet. A pair of Green-blue eyes stared back at me.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot;

###chapter 52 Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The sight in front of us is like a straight-out of a horror movie. It was gruesome. Dead bodies flying around and the ground was all painted by red blood. I can feel my heart pounding as we approach the scene in front of us.
  Where is she? I won't forgive myself if something happened to her. Then the familiar scent of vanilla caught my nostrils. I can't be mistaken.
  &quot;She was here.&quot; I announced and started following her scent, as we get further, another familiar scent caught my attention.
  Sarah? I glanced to where her scent came from and found her lying on the ground. She was bleeding. I tried to find something that could use to cover her body.
  &quot;Sarah?&quot; I tried to shake her shoulder just to make sure she was awake. Then she weakly opened her eyes.
  &quot;What are you doing here?&quot;
  She looked afraid once she opened her eyes then when she noticed that it was me, she started crying.
  &quot;They took me here, a-and she tried to kill me.&quot; She mumbled when her sobbed then lost her conscious.
  So they didn't just take Klaire, but also took Sarah. I could feel my anger, then a pair of hands tapped my shoulders.
  &quot;We need to find Klaire, I'll handle Sarah.&quot; It was Noah.
  I nodded my head and let Noah carry Sarah.
  I followed Klaire's scent once more until we reached the circle like altar. this was the same route when we tried to ran away.
  The ground started shaking and we all fought to keep our balance. I glanced at the direction of the smoke where the explosion came from.
  &quot;They are destroying their Laboratories.&quot; Yustef mutters, confirming what I was thinking.
  As we got further to the forest, the crack from the earthquake was getting bigger, and the dead bodice of werewolves were increasing.
  Klaire's scent was starting to get stronger and stronger, but something was mixing with it. She wasn't alone...
  I hurried my pace until we reached the end of cracks. And there she was staring back at me with a pair of red eyes.
  &quot;Klaire&quot; I whispered.
  She was with some unfamiliar faces.
  &quot;Galaz.&quot; Clint muttered.
  I turned to Clint and he was staring intensely at the guy who was covered with bandage.
  &quot;Hello, Clint.&quot; Galaz answered back in a cheerful way. He may sound like that but I can feel his power radiating around him.
  Then just right behind Galaz that same familiar face. He was also staring at me with a smirk in his face.
  &quot;Sorry to disturb you that time.&quot; He started snickering.
  I couldn't be mistaken; he was one of the rogues who attacked us. I know I killed him.
  &quot;What you killed is actually his clone.&quot; Clint said, answering my question.
  &quot;Bingo! Clint, you are really smart!&quot; He added then started clapping his hand. Like this was some kind of game for him.
  &quot;We aren't the only one who had abilities.&quot; Yustef said, who was also staring at them.
  &quot;We want to have a chat with you all, but we need to go. The island will soon sink.&quot; Galaz said then turned his back on us.
  &quot;Wait Klaire!&quot;
  She stopped then turn her head towards me.
  Her eyes were starting to glow. A pair of red eyes were staring back at me like the color of my surroundings.
  I could feel myself being pull with her stare. Like I was losing control over myself, Feeling my wolf cowering at the back of my head. My wolf was starting to feel uncomfortable.
  Clint was slowly making his way towards her.
  &quot;Klaire.&quot; As soon as Clint said her name, he went flying, landing on a tree.
  &quot;My name is not Klaire.&quot; She sounded different. She then turned her gaze at our direction.
  &quot;You all know who I am.&quot; Her words were direct to us.
  &quot;Amara...&quot;
  Her grinned widely as soon as she heard that name.
  &quot;I will not kill you all right now because of my memories as Klaire, but if you try to stop me again. And I will make sure that you will all die.&quot;
  I suddenly felt a huge pressure in my chest, making my knees felt weak like all my strength vanished.
  I glanced at Yustef who was also on his knees right now. I tried to stand but the pressure that she was putting on us was not making it easy.
  &quot;Klaire...&quot; I whispered.
  &quot;My name is not Klaire!&quot; She shouted then I felt my body unable to move and I fell completely on the floor. I couldn't even lift my head.
  &quot;You don't deserve to call me with that name!&quot; Her words were directed to me. And I exactly knew why...
  &quot;I'm sorry...&quot; It's all I could say right now.
  &quot;We need to go.&quot; Someone said to her.
  I was not sure who it was but I didn't like the idea of her leaving with them.
  &quot;Don't go!&quot; I shouted as I found my strength to slowly support my body. My wolf was starting to step out of the shadow, letting me borrow his strength until I could stand to my feet.
  &quot;Don't go, please...&quot; My eyes were locked into hers and she was just staring back at me with hatred.
  &quot;Too late for that.&quot; She whispered then turned her back on us and started walking away.
  And it's the 3rd time, I lost her again...
  &quot;We need to go!&quot; Noah appear. I didn't notice but Clint was nowhere to be found.
  &quot;The island is about to sink now. hurry!&quot;
  The ground was starting to crumbles. I glanced back to where she vanished before I shifted to my wolf.
  I followed Noah and Yustef was right behind us.
  &quot;Where Clint?&quot; He asked.
  I glanced back and still found no sign of Clint.
  &quot;Hurry, we have to get to the boat now.&quot; I could feel the intense shaking of the ground as we kept running.
  As soon as we reached the coast we rushed to where the boat was located. Sarah was already there sleeping when we got in.
  &quot;I left her here once I notice the sound of cracks penetrating under the earth is getting louder. I have no idea what kind of explosive device did they used that resulted for an island to split into two.&quot; Noah mumbled when he noticed me staring at Sarah. He somehow sounded annoyed at the same time.
  I kinda have the idea why.
  &quot;Look Mulac.&quot; That slip my mouth all of a sudden.
  &quot;So you do remember everything.&quot; Noah said while crossing his arms. &quot;But it doesn't mean I forgot everything you've done to Klaire.&quot; Noah added then walked to the other end of the boat.
  I knew that already because I would never forget what I'd done to her.
  We all remained silent on our way back to the pack. No one dared to talk about what happened today.
  I feel the chill in my blood just by thinking about it, coldness bringing the synapses of my brain to a standstill but most part of it is pain, pain of losing Klaire again, yet I don't know how much can I still endure.
  It feels like someone blew a hole in my heart with an ice-cold magnum. The pain is dull as if some lazy torturer is standing right behind me stabbing me over and over again. The strikes radiate pain in a way that shatters my soul or at least that is how it feels like.
  The rain started pouring like the sky is crying for me. I close my eyes, letting the rain wash away the pain. Hoping that once I open my eyes all these feelings are gone.
  But then a pair of red eyes hunted me as soon as I close my eyes.
  Those same old eyes...
  ***Vision***
  It was a whole 2 years, before we woke up. As I opened my eyes I noticed the drastic change inside me. I stared at myself at the mirror. I still looked like the same kid I used to be but I also looked different at the same time.
  &quot;Now come with us.&quot; They all took us into different rooms. I glanced at the other trying to look for Amara but she was nowhere to be found.
  They started doing different kinds of test. And when they were done they took us into another empty room with five beds in it.
  Kariz was also nowhere to be found.
  A loud noise woke me up that night. A turned to look at the direction of the noise and it was coming from the outside.
  The others also woke up.
  &quot;What was that?&quot; Mulac asked, still feeling sleepy.
  &quot;Someone set the fire.&quot; Aris mumbled. We all stared at him unsure, we didn't see any smoke or smelled one.
  But then the door suddenly opened. Followed by the loud explosion.
  &quot;Let's go!&quot; Afreo broke the silent and we all started running outside.
  &quot;Wait, we need to look for Amara and Kariz!&quot; I mumbled. The smoke was starting to cloud our vision. &quot;I'll look for Amara and you can find Kariz.&quot; I didn't wait for them to answer and started running to the other direction.
  My heart was pounding when I noticed blood running down the hallway, then noticed someone. Amara was covered with blood...
  &quot;Amara?&quot; I called, unsure if that was really her.
  She turned her head and stared at me with those red eyes.
  ***Vision end***
  I open my eyes and watch the island trembled down.
  What on earth happened to you in those 2 years...

###chapter 53: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  &quot;Why are you with him?&quot; I asked after we reached the boat.
  Kariz was nowhere to be found. Galaz let out a breath then took his hood down.
  Galaz slowly started taking off the bandage on his face. It started showing some burnt scars, his whole face was full of burns.
  &quot;Before, I was only a normal human being living a normal life with my mother and siblings. Then one day the Factions attacked us, they took all of my younger siblings. They were both just 5 years old, twins, one girl, and a boy. They took them and I can't do anything about it I was only 13 that time and compared to their strength I was nothing... Then they killed my mother and they locked me up inside the house with my dead mother. They started the fire after that. I was left there I tried to do everything I can to get out but it was too late. The fire was already too big for me to get out. Half of my upper body got burnt, then someone came to save me. &quot; Galaz stopped for a moment, hatred flickers in his eyes followed by a sense of relief.
  &quot;He appeared and pulled me out of that house, right after we got out, our small house collapsed. He took me in and he help me heal my wounds. After I was fully healed he ask me if I want to stay with him. He told me about his plan and I have nothing else to lose and agreed. He started training me until I regained my strength and then he started giving me his blood. Vicky was the one who facilitates it. After they saw some changes in me, I started training harder, until I was finally able to shift. I was surprised at first but if that strength will help me get my siblings back I embraced it. We attack the laboratory after that. It was this place where they started doing it again. When we got here and succeeded in our first attack, both my brother and sister were already dead. They didn't even look the same when I found them. Both their bodies were covered with wounds. They were just too young that time.&quot;
  I have no idea that his siblings also went through that same process. I looked away not being able to keep my eyes on his. It was too sad for me and the memory was not something I would like to embrace at the moment.
  &quot;Ali and Ria are the only two persons who survived that time. Just like what they did to us, both of them lose their families because of the Factions. Ria saw her mother being raped by those bastards before killing her. They let her father watch everything as they raped her mother. After that, they cut off his father's head. They took her after burned their house.&quot;
  I looked at their location, Ria was arguing with Ali right now. They both looked young for this matter.
  &quot;Ali's parents sold him, but after that, they also killed his parents right in front of him. He wasn't talking at first but Kariz started helping him and Ria. Kariz thought that they can find strength while embracing their hatred. He started doing the same thing he did to me but he wasn't cruel. He helps us. He gave us hope in the times when we all wanted to give up. He saved us all. And after that, we promise to serve him no matter what and whoever went to go against him will be our enemies.&quot;
  Galaz's eyes then stared at me, I can't see any emotions within them.
  &quot;Are we done here?&quot; Ria asks as she watches the island crumble within our eyes. That place where we are all imprisoned and mistreated is now completely gone.
  &quot;You look gross right now.&quot; Ria uttered, looking at me from head to toe.
  I ignored her statement and started walking away from them.
  &quot;What a snob.&quot;
  I heard her whisper.
  Kariz, the first time I met him was just a little kid, trembling on the corner of the room with his long hair covering half of his face.
  I remembered how he used to follow us around. And when we got out of that hell hole, he became loyal. He did all the work that we couldn't do without being detected.
  I suddenly remembered a memory fragment.
  One day Kariz came back late, I came looking for him and found Via with her daughter living at peace. I just lost control. When I opened my eyes, my whole body was covered with blood. I glanced down at my hands started trembling at the sight of blood.
  I slowly looked up to scan my surroundings and I regretted when I saw the gruesome sight in front of me. The place was nothing but a huge messed. It was something I cannot describe. A dead body was lying in front of me, heads, hands, legs, all detached from whoever body it belongs to.
  After that, I buried the memory away from me and even forgot Kariz.
  I close my eyes letting the cold breeze of the wind brush my skin. The cold is somehow giving me comfort.
  To be honest, I'm still confused. I don't know who am I right now. Am I Klaire or Amara now? Especially after all those things I've done now.
  &quot;I know it was a lot to take in, especially after you found out everything in one blow,&quot; Galaz mumbled from my behind. He took the spot next to me.
  &quot;I just don't know. It was just too much for me to take in.&quot; I answered honestly. It surprised me that I was even talking these things to him.
  &quot;I know how that feels.&quot; He stops then took something from his pocket. It was a necklace.
  &quot;You see this is the only thing that keeps me sane. It was from my sister. After everything that happened to me, I always ask myself why am I still alive? I just feel like I was walking into this void that I have no idea what the end would look like.&quot;
  I stare at Galaz for a minute then notice how sad his eyes are.
  &quot;You are aware that our situation is completely different,&quot; I said, then turned my attention back to the deep blue sea in front of me.
  &quot;Well, you are right about that.&quot; He scratched the back of his head feeling embarrassed. &quot;Oh, maybe this is. We are both humans before then a sudden event happened, and our lives completely changed.&quot; He added, feeling proud of himself.
  I don't know if I'm talking to the same guy that looks intimidating in the dungeon.
  I didn't answer him and turned my back at him. That somehow made me smile a little. At least I can still say that I am still Klaire and I can still feel different emotions.
  The sun is about to rise when we reach the place where Kariz is. I scan my surroundings, it looks familiar.
  Then it hit me, this place was where I was taken when Kariz took me. I followed the concrete pathway of the old castle. I scanned the castle. It looked abandoned like how humans used this kind of places for some horror films that they used as entertainment. The world outside was totally different from here. Sometimes I do wish that I was just a simple human. A normal human... I stopped my track and gazed at the familiar track it was now covered with snow...
  In a flash, my surroundings are full of blood, I blink once more then it turns back to normal. I wipe my eyes just to clear my vision.
  &quot;Are you okay?&quot;
  I turned to see Galaz's face just a few inches away from me.
  I step back and he finally notice my discomfort making him back away a little. He scratches the back of his head probably embarrassed? Is that even possible him to feel that way?
  &quot;I just thought you ran off when I notice you aren't following from behind.&quot; He mumbled while not looking at me in the eyes.
  &quot;I have no other place to go, so I won't run away.&quot; I mumbled.
  His face is still covered with bandage. His black eyes gaze at me, looking for any sign that I must be lying. When he was satisfied his lips curved into a small smile.
  I wasn't mistaken right? The cold, a mysterious captor actually knew how to smile and earlier he even tried to joke around? If that is how you should call that?
  &quot;Hey, both of you are you coming or what?&quot; Ria called, she was tapping her shoes feeling annoyed.
  &quot;Why do you always ruin the mood?&quot; Ali mumbled as they both watched us.
  We didn't even notice their presence.
  &quot;Shut up, Ali.&quot; She then marches inside.
  Ali started laughing and then followed Ria inside.
  We both looked at each other then started heading inside.

###chapter 54: Out of Hand
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Sarah was taken to the Doctor once we arrived. She had some serious bruises all over her body.
  "Where have you been?" My mom rush to me with her worried voice and pulled me into a hug.
  "Are you hurt? Where did this blood come from?" I didn't notice that I was also covered in blood.
  "I'm okay Mom, I just need some rest," I mumbled then walk away to who knows where.
  I stop and found myself in the last place that I spend with her. I sat at the tree trunk and started weeping. Recalling the last memory I had with her here.
  The way I gaze at her at that moment, I was bewildered as if she was some kind of mystical creature that might vanish if I let her out of my sight. And if I only knew she will be gone, I wouldn't have taken my eyes off her.
  I stood up and started throwing punches in the first tree that I laid my eyes on. Knowing everything just made everything much worst, having this memory only made me more guilty.
  "You know that tree wouldn't help you find her right?" I look up and found Clint standing a few feet away from me.
  "Why are you here?" I ask, he took my spot earlier.
  "I saw Kariz." He announced, which made me stiff. I look at him with disbelief.
  "Was he reincarnated like us?" He stop for a moment, unsure if he should continue what he was thinking or not.
  "No, he wasn't. At first, I also thought that he was also reincarnated." I stared at him a bit confused.
  "But he was a human, if he wasn't reincarnated he should be dead a long time ago," I mumbled, it doesn't make sense at all.
  "Remember the second war? The time we fought against him?" I nodded my head.
  Now that he mentioned it, Kariz was totally different when we fought against him. We can't even stand against him during that time. Only Klaire was the one who stops him during that time.
  "This is just a guess, but when Klaire hit me on the Island I saw Kariz watching us.  I followed him after that and found him waiting for me on the coast. When he turned around I was stunned to see his eyes, it looks exactly like Klaire." He continues with a serious look on his face. Red eyes? Like the mysterious guy from the attack that night during the succession.
  "Are you saying that he was all behind this?" I said unsure,
  "That doesn't make sense, remember that Klaire is the only one who had the blood of the Moon Goddess and when we received it we turned to werewolves but he didn't." I frowned feeling confused.
  "What do you mean by that? That Kariz also had the blood of the Moon Goddess before he even received her blood?" He didn't answer and just remain silent.
  "There is only one way to find out, we need to find them." After that, he started walking away. I was left alone not knowing what to think.
  Now that he mentioned it, I don't have much memory of the second war. It was kinda blurry.
  When I return to the Packhouse there was a loud noise coming from so I ran and witness Rion being taken away by Yustef.
  "What is going on here?" I ask as soon as I reach them.
  "He was the traitor!" I froze when I heard what he just said. Rion was bleeding there is some bruise on his mouth.
  "What?" I ask unsure if what I heard is right. He yanks Rion harder making him fall down to his knees.
  "Tell him what you've done." Rion just started laughing resulting in another hit from Yustef.
  "I didn't do anything wrong, you were all just some bunch of idiots following the elders who are nothing but some bunch of murderers!" He spits some blood from his mouth.
  "He was the one who kidnapped Klaire." After hearing that my wolf came out, I wasn't able to control him. He growls at Rion who is now watching me.
  "She doesn't belong to you anyway!" Rion spat then shake Yustef hands off him. I nodded my head to Yustef to let him go.
  My wolf was snarling at him, challenging him. He wanted to bite his head off right at this moment after finding out that he was the reason why she went missing.
  "Are you sure about this Yustef ask?" I glared at him not liking his interruption. When he saw that I was serious he shrugged his shoulders and then step backward to give us enough space.
  The bones cracking filled the air followed by his transformation. His wolf was decent enough to almost match my wolf. We both circle each other, watching each other's move. I did not waste any more time because my wolf is impatient enough to smash his skull.
  I dug my paw into the ground and then jump at him, he dodge it then kick me right in my abdomen. Tried to bury his class on my skin but that didn't work. I caught his left leg and bite it hard. He whimpers as I dug my canines into his skin. He started scratching me with his claws but I did not let go of his leg. I want him to have a scar that would remind him of this day.
  I know I couldn't kill him right away because he will still have to face trial. He was still an Alpha.
  When I was satisfied with the result I throw him to the ground. If it was a normal werewolf that injury can cause him his life or loss of the ability to walk. But it was no surprise that he could still stand. He was no ordinary one if he did not betray us. I know he will be a respectable Alpha.
  We are now gaining more crowd and the pack members of the South are now heading this way.
  I shifted back to my human form wiping the remaining blood of him on my mouth. Yustef throws some clothes on me and I slip onto them.
  "If that was me he wouldn't be able to stand," Yustef mumbled while staring at Rion who shifted back to his human form. His legs is bleeding heavily, he was having a hard time walking.
  "Take him," I ordered, then the guards escort him.
  "LET HIM GO!" Lindon shouted then shifted to his wolf. The others followed. Of course, they will be angry seeing their Alpha like this.
  Yustef growled at them, giving them a warning not to step further. They all lowered their heads in submission and then took a step back. The authority that the Royalties have is something that they can't just ignore, they have the same level as the Alpha's when it comes to authority and power.
  "Calm yourself Lindon, everything is fine," Rion said while trying to keep himself steady.
  Lindon turn back to his human form and didn't say a word. I know he wanted to argue but Rion gave him a look and he submit himself by lowering his head.
  After that Rion's father came forward and slap him. Rion glared at him and then spit the blood from his burst lips.
  "You are a disgrace!" Rion glared at him if not for Yustef, they would also start fighting.
  "You have no right to be mad at me right now! I know what you are doing with those bastards!" I have no idea what he was talking about right now but something is telling me that he knows something that we don't.
  "What are you talking about?" His father also sounded confused at first but then his face turns pale.
  "You of all people know what I'm talking about you son of a bitch!" He said enraged. Then tried to rush towards him but he was stopped by the guards who are now holding him.
  "How many times do I have to tell you that I have nothing to do with it, especially about your father's death." He said, Rion was still glaring at him. He was not his son?
  "You are a liar! You killed him for the title you fucking bastard!" He shouted, his eyes were turning black. He was about to turn to his wolf the people who are restraining him came flying.
  Yustef and I came to step forward and pinned him down to the ground. We can't afford another chaos after what just happened.
  "I wouldn't do that if I were you," Yustef warned, his eyes were also glowing right now.
  "Get off me or I'll kill you both!" He was trying to struggle but it was not used.
  "I'll take it from here." Noah stepped forward. "Lift him up." He uttered then we did what he said. His eyes soon turn golden yellow, glowing as he stared at Rion in the eyes. And when he was done Rion's eyes turn back to normal.
  "What did you do?!" Rion ask, I can feel his strength fading.
  "I put your wolf to sleep." He answered then motioning my people to take him.
  "You will regret siding with them once you knew everything." He mumbled before he was completely taken out of my sight.
  I glance at Yustef looking for an answer after what just happened.
  "He can subdue your wolf by just looking at your eyes," Yustef explains. Then followed the guards who took Rion.
  I look around and found the other Faction staring, Harid and Cameron just remain silent. Lindon walks out after that. Keep whispering on each other and when they notice me staring at them they all look away and continue their work.
  I walk to where the former Alpha was standing, I think he had a lot of things to do. My father shows up from nowhere along with the other two former Alphas.
  What is going on? I glance in my Father's direction and he looked away. Does he know what Rion is talking about?
  Rion's words remained in my head. What does he know that we don't? My father pulled Rion's adopted father whispering something in his ears. That made him nod his head and followed him.
  I quickly made my move to follow them but Zion came to me and pulled me.
  "WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER THIS TIME?!" Based on his reaction he was talking about Sarah. But now that he mentioned her I somehow feel a bit irritated.
  "I didn't do anything. I didn't know that she was on the Island." I yanked his hands away from me.
  "She was there because she followed you!" That made me stop my track.
  "Follow me?" I just remembered the familiar scent mixed in the air. Those werewolves.
  "Yes! Along with some of our pack warriors they know the danger but they still followed their Alpha!" I was right, the sight of her made me forget about those familiar scent.
  "Where are they Dwayne?" I remained silent. This time he cannot contain himself and started punching me. I welcome his every hit.
  When he notice I wasn't fighting back he stop.
  "Let me remind you that you are the Alpha! And you just lost some of your pack members because of your mate! I wonder how will you tell those families who lost their loved ones because of you!" He then left.
  Everything is starting to get out of hand. The issue about Kariz, Rion, and Klaire is still unsolved, and now this.
  But Zion is right, I am the Alpha and right now I just failed them.

###chapter 55: Decision
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  When I went back to the packhouse my father was already waiting for me in the doorway along with my Mother. They both had this displeased look on their faces.
  "We need to have a proper talk Dwayne." My father muttered as soon as I reach the door.
  "Are you going to also scold me about being the Alpha?" I ask showing my disinterest in the topic. I had too many things running in my head right now.
  "We will decline the treaty with the Central Kingdom along with the Fraction." He announced that made me stop my track. I look at him with disbelief.
  "Who gave you the right to decide? I AM THE ALPHA!" My voice made the whole house shake. But he didn't submit.
  "You just lost your right to be an Alpha after you let your pack members die in the hands of your own mate!" He barks back. Where did he hear that from? I glance upstairs and saw Sarah standing with bandages all over her.
  "I-I was not there when that happened!" I mumbled, I can feel their eyes on me. I can smell their hate from where I'm standing.
  "This is the reason why we told you to make Sarah the Luna because the Central Kingdom may have the power but they are still strangers to us." He added, his voice sounded calm but his authority as the former Alpha is still there.
  I know my pack doesn't fully trust me yet, especially after what happened and right now I was sure that some of them will start to challenge me for the title.
  "You may have the title as an Alpha but remember that your pack still matters on every decision and right now your pack doesn't trust the Royalties." My father's words made a huge commotion.
  "The former Alpha is right! Ever since they came here we were attacked more frequently!" And they all started muttering their opinions.
  "Did you forget the fact that they help us during the time when the factions is in great danger against the rogues," I mumbled, they all became silent but the hesitation is still there?
  "The factions don't need them anymore! We are already strong enough. We outnumbered the Central Kingdom!" Someone shouted from the crowd and everyone agreed.
  They are pressing me to agree with them. And if I don't most of them will challenge me for the title and I know I can beat them all but too many pack members already died because of me. I glance at the crowd and Cameron and Harid was standing not so far from the crowd. It seems that they already made their decisions.
  My father notice where I'm looking and he confirmed my presumptions.
  "They already made a decision to cast out the treaty and if we won't agree with them they will start a war against us." He mumbled, I clench my fist. I can feel my anger trying to surface.
  I can decide to not agree and go for the war, my pack is the strongest among the factions but still, I glance at my pack members who are crying at the news of their loss. Will I be able to live peacefully while knowing that I brought death to my pack? The memory of the second war flashed in my eyes. The scene of dead bodies, fire, and the sight of my own mate killing them.
  They planned this all alone without my presence because they know that I wouldn't agree to it and the only way for that to happen is if my pack will go against me and they succeed. I close my eyes for a second then turn to mutter the words that I would regret.
  "I agree to cancel the treaty." The crowd started cheering and my eyes stop at Clint who is watching us.
  He had a blank look on his face.
  "You did the right thing son." I didn't answer him and just turn my back and started walking away from here.
  When I reach the forest Clint and the others are already waiting for me.
  "So this is your plan? Abandoning us again?" Noah's voice uttered with anger. He looks like he was about to rip my head off.
  "I have to do it," I answered, feeling frustrated with everything that just happened.
  "You are fully aware that you originally belong to us," Yustef said, he had a stern look on his face.
  I gritted my teeth trying to contain myself.
  "You are also aware that I am Dwayne and not Aiden anymore! I am different from the past! I cannot just abandon my pack because I am their Alpha!" He started laughing which made me grab his collar.
  "You are right, you are far from the Aiden I knew. Because he wouldn't reject his mate in the first place." He yanked my arms away. He then looks at me with disgust.
  "I wouldn't reject her if you let me remember! All this time you knew everything and you all fooled us! You are also the reason why she left!" I spat out. This time it was Yustef who pinned me on the tree.
  "Klaire stop me before from killing you but this time I wouldn't think twice to rip your head off." He snap, his eyes were turning golden yellow.
  "I could watch you try," I growled back, my wolf was beyond furious to stay calm. Our emotions are mixed to the point that I very much want to kill someone right now.
  "That's enough! This is what the enemy wanted. Right now we cannot aim at each other's throat." Clint's voice made us both stop.
  "We need to go." He mumbled, he didn't even give me a glance before they all left.
  "You did the right thing." I turn to see Cameron and Harid standing a few feet away from me.
  I didn't answer them and just keep walking past them. Cameron then pats my shoulders.
  "We also lost our pack members on the Island. "He mumbled, then pull his hand away.
  When I reach the packhouse I did not go straight to my room instead. I head to the only person who witness everything that happened on the Island before we reach her.
  I didn't bother knocking when I open the door she was already waiting for me.
  "I knew you will come." She smiled and then put down her cup of tea. I can smell the herbs on it and it was hurting my nose.
  "How did you find that place?" I grab her arms. She started hissing.
  "Dwayne it hurts!" When I notice her wounds started bleeding again I let her go.
  "The Island is already under our surveillance before. Remember the time that I went to train? That was the first time that I came across that place. The elders before took us there and we found out that the rogues are usually roaming around that place." She mumbled. I frowned at her words. Why didn't I know about it?
  "And when I saw you jumping on a boat with the Royalties I had no other choice but to tell the Alpha's and we decided to follow you. The direction where you are heading is pointing only at that Island. We took the route where the Elders took us before but when we got there." She started choking on her words and cried. Her whole body is trembling at the memory.
  "We found Klaire and she wasn't alone. I tried to talk to her but then she started attacking us. She killed everyone, I watch her snap their heads and hearts out. And the look on her face was evil." Her sobs became loud, I know the picture that she was describing. That was exactly how I saw Amara killing everyone during the second war.
  She knows that breaking their bones will heal in no time so she aims for a way that will lead to death in an instant.
  Sarah looks pitiful right now. The look she got was the same when she lost both her father and mate. I pulled her in my arms and started coaxing her.
  "Dwayne she tried to kill me! NO, SHE WAS GOING TO KILL ME!" Her whole body was trembling as she cry. I didn't say anything and just remain there silently.
  When she was calm I carry her back to her bed. I need to talk to my father about this. I was about to go out when she pulled my hand.
  "Please stay?" She was giving me that same look again. But I pulled my hand.
  "I can't, I still need to do something." I turn to reach the door but she stops me. She hugs me from behind.
  "She tried to kill me in the forest, that was the time when I was found naked in the forest." She mumbled. I let go of the doorknob and turn to face her.
  "What do you mean?" I know that something strange happened and the way she reacted when she saw Klaire.
  "She got mad at me, maybe she heard the gossip about me being the Luna, and then she tried to kill me. She was jealous of me because she can never be the Luna." Her words made me mad. I pull her away from me.
  "She is my Luna, and no one will ever take her place not even you." Her eyes grow wide at my words but I turn my back on her.
  When I open the door Zion was waiting outside. I know he heard everything I said. I just stared at him and then made my way to where my father is.
  I even heard Zion's voice trying to calm Sarah.
  When I found my father, he was at my office. Reading the familiar old book of the Legend.
  "Why didn't you tell me about the Island?" He glances at me for a second then close the book in his hands.
  "Because that place is forbidden." I smack the table with my hands demanding a proper explanation.
  "You know that Sarah went there before with the Elders. How come no one told me about it." I hissed. He cleared his throat then look at me in the eyes.
  "I didn't tell you about it because only the Elders can." This made me more furious.
  "Dwayne I wanted to protect you from it. After the last encounter, you had with the Rogues. I cannot let you go there and trust me you wouldn't want to get involved with the Elders." From that I know I wouldn't get an answer from him.
  I went out of the office and started looking for the only person who is more likely to be involved with the Elders.
  She was watering her plants when I found her. She was wearing her long white dress, her garden was filled with flowers blooming. This place is full of memories. I usually help her plant these plants when I was still young. She turns to me with a smile when she notices my presence.
  "Mother." Her smile used to be a ray of sunshine to me.
  "Oh Dwayne, I thought you were with Sarah?" She look a bit disappointed when she saw me here and not in Sarah's room.
  "Zion was there with her," I answered while staring at the newly bloomed flowers.
  "Aren't they beautiful?" This flower looks exactly like the flower during the succession.
  "Why do you have these flowers?" She laughed at my reaction.
  "You and your father had the same look when he saw these flowers." I won't be surprised why.
  "These flowers are not harmful, I really like them. You know from where I was born these flowers are all over the place. People usually don't like them because they usually symbolize death but for me they are unique." She explains. This is the first time I heard about this. My mother doesn't usually talk about her origin.
  "And where is that place mother?" I ask, then pick the flower.
  "In the human territory."

###chapter 56: The Elders
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  "In the human territory." This is the first time that I heard about this.
  "How did that happened?" She continue to water her plants and remove some weeds growing around them.
  "I was raised there until I shifted and was taken here. The elders took me in." She mumbled, I want to continue asking her but she turns her back on me and continue what she was doing earlier. The Elders took her in, I met them once. They are just bunch of old werewolves, the memory of the second war. They are part of it that is what I'm sure of.
  I know that my mother is still quite young compare to my father but she was really matured. And for us werewolves once you found your mate age won't matter. And we age slower than humans does.
  "You know son, I'm from a human descent." I was taken aback by her sudden revelation.
  "My descendants are originally humans. But then they married a werewolf that passes through generation until werewolves became the only off spring." She explained. I wasn't sure what to say after hearing this.
  "By the way son, the Elders will arrive tomorrow." I look at her with disbelief. I am still the Alpha yet I was the one who knew nothing about the things that is happening lately.
  "You should have told me first." I answered with annoyance.
  "Son, even us didn't know until now." She explained, I turn around and head back to my room. 
  I have to gain my authority back, my pack trust my father more than me. And I cannot blame them for it but still their respect for their new Alpha is questionable. At this rate I wouldn't be surprised if they end up betraying me. I need to gather my pack back especially after the Elders are now getting involved.
  The Elders are the founder of the Factions, they created it to stablish their power especially after the second war happened. This Elders are highly respected among the Factions. They are the first line of Alpha's after the King died. The Royalties are mostly respected the same as the Elders. I met them once during my past life but that memory is kind of blurry to me.
  I know the Elders would be here any minute tomorrow and if I want to know something I need to gain my authority back. And the only way to do that is to turn my back on the Royalties and start joining the Factions. 
  The next day I went straight to Sarah's room, she was getting ready. There are still bruises on her arms but she covered them with bandage. When she notice my presence her face turns red, not because she was happy to see me but because she was mad. 
  "What do you want now?" She ask, her tone of voice is cold. Just like how it was whenever I did something that she doesn't like.
  "I came here to apologize." I mumbled, she look surprised at my words but she still didn't budge. This is harder than I expected.
  "Look Sarah I'm sorry for what I've said yesterday. I didn't mean all those words. I was just confused about everything lately." I muttered, I lower my gaze feeling embarrassed about everything that I'm saying. 
  Her eyes soften at my words then I slowly walk towards her. She welcome me with a tight hug.
  "I knew you will come back. My Dwayne is back." She uttered, I stroke her hair and let her rest in my arms.
  "I know, I'm sorry it took me this long to realize everything." I whispered. My wolf rolled his eyes at my words. He feel disgusted that I was holding another woman instead of our mate.
  "The Elders would be happy to know that you finally made up your mind to fullfil your duty as the Alpha." She said, I let her go feeling a slight irritation but I dismissed it. 
  "We need to go now. They will be here any minute." I mumbled, I just want her out of my grip before I couldn't stop myself from doing something that I might regret later.
  I carried her down the stairs and when we reach the ground floor, my father and mother look pleased at us. They always want me to marked Sarah and my mother keeps on bugging me about it.
  When I put her down my mother greeted her with a hug.
  "Oh my you two look adorable together." They both giggled. My dad tap my shoulders.
  "I thought you would turn your back on your pack." He mumbled. We were both staring at the two woman in front of us.
  "I wouldn't do that. You know how important this pack is to me." I answered back. He nodded his head then pulled my mom's waist.
  "Honey, we need to go and Sarah is still fragile. We don't want her to end up getting sick again before the marking." Marking, shit! Why did I forget about that.
  I glance at Sarah who is staring at me with excitement. She was really expecting this time.
  "Oh yeah, I'm sorry about that Sarah. Anyway Dwayne I will leave her in your care." She then wink at me before they both made their way out.
  Sarah came to me still giggling. 
  "Your mom is really adorable, I didn't met mine but because of her I feel like I have one." She mutters, I place my arms around her waste and pulled her closer.
  "Yeah, but you are also adorable." I whispered in her ears making her blush. I feel horrible for doing to this but I have no choice. 
  I can't help but imagine that Klaire was the one that I am holding right now.
  "Dwayne your words of flattery." She said while giggling. Then she pulled my face into a kiss. I almost push her away but I stop myself.
  This should be done Dwayne. I whispered to myself.
  When we head out the pack members are already gathered around. Their eyes turn to us when they saw us walking. They all bow their heads as I pass them but I know that their loyalty is still not mine.
  I stop next to my Father, Cameron and Harid is also standing next to their father. Only Rion's adopted father is here. The representatives of each Factions are all gathered here.
  Some of the crowd are from the South, East and West packs. Looks like some of them arrived while we were gone.
  My head snap at the presence coming our way. It was an strange presence. This is the third time that I will meet them. The first was during the second war and second time was when I was still the young Dwayne.
  Four old werewolves are matching our way. Some of their followers are walking behind them. Everyone was surprised by their presence and they cannot keep their eyes up. 
  One of them had a long hair that rest right on his waist with his long black coat. One had some visible white hair showing his hair was tied into a ponytail. and the other one is bald with tattoos all over his body. And the last one is the only Elder that is related to me. His blond hair was somehow turning white among the other 3 he was the one who look approachable but in the real deal he was quite the opposite.
  He smiled as soon as our eyes meet. My father greeted him with a hug and the others with a handshake. The other former Alpha's did the same. When it was my time to greet them he pulled me into a hug.
  "You grow up to fast my great great grandson." He whispered, I joined him with his laugh but I know he want to say something different.
  "I haven't seen you in awhile Hunter." I answered back. He let me go, for an old man I could say he was really strong.
  "Well at least now we are all together." He uttered while looking pleased. Then he turned his attention to the other Alpha's. I gave my greeting to the other Elders and made my way towards the crowd.
  The welcoming ceremony started, some of the pack perform the dancing rituals while some are doing a friendly match and the other are busy drinking and gossiping.
  A bottle of beer was offered to me by Cameron, I took it and take a sip. We just stood there on the corner watching the crowd dance.
  "I thought you wouldn't agree on leaving your mate." I was stunned by his words but I recover immediately.
  "I still have a duty for my pack." I answered, taking a long sip on my beer. I think I will need another one to continue talking like this.
  "I know how it felt." I stop at his words then glance at him. His eyes remains in the dancing fire of the huge bonfire. A flicker of sadness in them.
  "I also have to leave her for my pack. She was too weak to be the Luna and I have to fullfil my duty as the next Alpha." He continue, I didn't say anything and just remained silent.
  "The Elders wouldn't accept her even if I tried but I wouldn't know anyway she was already gone.." His last words was a whisper but it was loud enough for me to hear it.
  "Anyway we will mark another shewolf in no time and that bond will soon be weaken." He said trying to conceal what he just said earlier. I didn't like the idea of marking another woman other than my mate. But I know in my gut the Elders will force us into it.
  "What if it didn't?" I suddenly blurted it out. He turn to glance at me.
  "A bond will get weaken because a new bond will be created, it just that it wouldn't be as strong as your original mate." He said. I know that but still the missing piece inside won't be fill.
  I didn't answer and we remained silent the whole time until Sarah came running towards me.
  Cameron nudge my shoulders pointing at Sarah's direction.
  "Your mate is here." He mumbled.
  "She was not my mate." I uttered then left to meet Sarah.
  "I was looking for you. If I know you are here I would have come sooner." She wrapped her arms around mine and pulled to the dance floor.
  "Common let's dance." Before I could even answer we are already in the center.
  The crowd started staring at us and some stop dancing just to watch us. The music soon started and I had no choice but to agree.
  We dance under the moonlight, a slow dance. As I glance at her I cannot stop myself to see Klaire. I always dream about dancing with her under the moonlight. The memory of her first night here cross my mind. How her lips feels under mine. Her soft skin tangled around me. The way she stared at me with those gray blue eyes. I couldn't stop myself but to be mesmerized by them.
  I slowly lean closer to her and she close her eyes. I lifted her chin focusing my eyes on her kissable lips, closing the gap between us until our lips meets.
  The cheering of the crowd made me open my eyes. And I almost curse at myself when I saw Sarah who is still closing her eyes.
  She smiled as soon as I step backwards. Her cheeks reddened when she notice the crowd staring at us. My eyes stops at Hunter who is staring at us while nodding his head. He was standing next to my parents who look more pleased.
  "I'm gonna get us something to drink." I mumbled not waiting for her answer. I made my way out of the crowd and head to the forest towards the East Mansion hoping that she would be there.
  As I step closer towards tbe Mansion a familiar scent of Vanilla cross my nostrils.
  And when I reach the place, she was not here.
  The scent was coming from her things that is left here.
  "Silly me." I whispered to myself with disappointment.

###chapter 57: Futher Away
  Someone's P.O.V
  I glance at them. I cannot contain my smile at their misery. They are starting to crumble and I cannot find any more joy than seeing them turn their backs on each other.
  Factions will continue to move according to my instructions, and they cannot stop me.
  My eyes focus on the new Alpha of the North. I can smell his frustrations from where I'm standing.
  My dear boy, I didn't let you live this long just for you to give up now. The pressure of the crowd gave him no other choice but to agree.
  I turn my attention to the newest arrival Royalties, that is what they called them but not anymore. I wonder what would the great Clint do after he lost his cherished pack?
  "What are you doing here?" I turn around to see my smartest possession.
  "Sarah aren't you happy to see me?" Her face was beyond angry. She had some traces of tears on her face. Looks like her plan didn't work at all.
  "You shouldn't be here! What if someone saw you?!" I laughed at her words.
  Did she really think I will let anyone who saw me live another minute?
  "I got bored, I want to know how the Factions is while I was sleeping." She frowned then finally give up the thought she had in her mind.
  "Well as you can see Rion knew about the factions." She look worried for a while.
  "But you handle it so well, I don't know why they didn't suspect you after all this time." She shrugged her shoulders then gave me an innocent smile that is beyond her description.
  "I wasn't your daughter for nothing." I patted her head, this cunning woman is the daughter I never had. If only Amara was more like her.
  "I will see you soon." She then bow her head before I left.
  ***
  Amara's P.O.V
  It's been a while since I've been here with them. I discovered that Kariz had the same abilities as I do. And the others Galaz, Ria, and Ali received his blood which turned them into a werewolf. Just like what happened before, I still
  The memory of the second war flashed in my mind. The smell of blood lurking around me and that thirst to kill. I shove that memory into the back of my mind.
  I glance outside the window letting the sun hit my skin, the golden hour is about to start.
  I remember the last time that I saw him...
  I stared at the cold old gazebo in the garden that is full of withered plants.
  "Are you going to keep being quiet?" I glance up to see Galaz. He was still wearing his usual hoodie. But this I healed his scars. Making him stop using bandages to cover them.
  "You are still affected by him ha." He muttered, taking a little harsh tone in his statement.
  I didn't answer him and remained silent.
  "I heard the Royalties was cast out of the Factions." I look at him with surprise. Cast out? Why would they cast out their only ways to stop Kariz's plan?
  "You don't believe me?" I didn't say anything but I know my reaction is giving it already.
  "Well then come with me. I'll show you that I wasn't lying about it." I know I shouldn't come with him. But the feeling of seeing him even if it's just a glance is tempting. I know this emotion aren't originally mine. It was Klaire's, the me who is still attached to them.
  "You know that it wasn't just Klaire's emotion." My conscience whispered but I dismissed it.
  During these past few days, I was here. The evidence that Kariz showed me were enough to prove that the Factions is involved with my parents' death.
  Their betrayal leads to this war. The memory I had in the laboratories, those deaths was all the results of their selfishness. If they wanted power then I will show them what true power is.
  "Are you coming or not?" Galaz muttered with boredom. At first, he was the quiet one but I was wrong. He was way too talkative around me. Maybe because his sister was around my age if she didn't die during the experiments.
  I stand up and followed him. He shifted and told me to climb from his behind. It will help hide my scent if he will carry me. And with that, I climbed on his back.
  Originally you need a boat to get to this place but there was a hidden passage that connect this place to the northern territory. The coldness of the wind brushes my skin as I held him tighter.
  Am I afraid to see him again? The memory of our first meeting crossed my mind.
  It was the time when I just got back to the dungeon and heard them talking about the new kid they got. I was curious at first but the look on the other kids' faces when they saw made me afraid of being seen.
  But as I get to know him he was nicer than I expected. He even told me about the outside world. And his blonde hair, I'm sure it will look more pretty once it hits the sunlight and I was right during the first time I met him as Klaire I was mesmerized by the way his hair glows with the help of the sunlight.
  But unlike the Aiden I know, Dwayne was cruel and selfish. He rejected me as soon as he realized that I wasn't the perfect mate that he wanted. But he was right about that one thing... I wasn't perfect, especially the time that they were still asleep.
  "You still there?" Galaz voice whispered in my head. We can all communicate through our minds if we let the other one in. But there are limits to it. You need to be on each other's pack. But on my case, I don't need to belong to anyone's pack to be able to do it.
  "Just shut up!" I mumbled he just chuckle and made his pace faster. We reach the pack territory after the next day.
  It was already evening when reach the pack. He shifted back to his human form.
  "See I told you." He mumbles we both watch from afar. The pack is having a gathering but there is a weird presence among them.
  "Can you feel it too?" He whispered, I nodded my head and scan the surroundings. I stop at the four people who are wearing a black cape. And when they took it off I almost curse.
  "Why are they here," I uttered to myself. He then turns his head in the direction of who I'm staring.
  "Those damn bastards are the ones who took my sister!" He mumbled to greet teeth. I can sense his anger rising.
  "Calm yourself. You wouldn't want them to know we are here." I said pulling him out of the view.
  "Fck!" He then turned his back on me.
  "Just come to the East Mansion when you are done before I couldn't control myself and start aiming for their throats." I just nodded my head and he vanish.
  I just stood there watching them until I found him. My heart starts beating as soon as I saw him. He was talking to one of the Alpha, Cameron was his name if I am not mistaken.
  He looks calm right now. His hair was a little bit out of place but he looks way better than the last time that I saw him.
  I can't hear what they were talking about here but I'm sure he doesn't like it. The way his expression changes, I almost laugh at it.
  But then his eyes stay in one place and when I trace the direction of his stare my heart almost stops beating. He was staring at her.
  I clench my fist as I watch his expression change from being sour into a soft kind one. She wrapped her arms around his arms and they marched towards the center. Everyone stops as they stared at them. They started dancing under the moonlight. If looks like an image came out of a fairy tale movie. I couldn't help but curse at myself for feeling something at what I'm seeing.
  Why did I even come here? I was here to make sure that Clint and the others are gone but this isn't what I came for. I was about to go when the next scene made my whole body stops. I don't know how long I held my breath as I watch them kiss.
  "You shouldn't watch that." Galaz hands covered my eyes. I can feel my tears streaming down my cheeks.
  I shouldn't feel crying after everything they did to me. I shouldn't be affected because they all betrayed me in the first place. They lied to me and manipulated me. And he... He rejected me the first time that I met him. I shouldn't be acting like this anymore. I wasn't Klaire, I am now Amara!
  "I came here because you were taking too long to come back." He muttered still covering my eyes.
  He didn't say anything about me crying, he then pulled me into his chest. I want to stop him but I can't find the strength to argue with him. I just stayed there until my tears stops. When I was calm enough he let me go.
  "Are you okay now?" I didn't answer him and remained silent. He then rolled his eyes at me.
  "Is that how you say thank you to someone who comforted you?" He mumbled while holding his chest like he was hurt or something.
  "Just shut up," I mumbled, with a slight smile on my face. I started marching towards the east mansion and he followed from my behind.
  "Seriously Amara. I'm hurt you know." He said then started laughing. What a psycho!
  When we reach the East Mansion the place looks abandoned, it was too quiet. Even though nothing changed that much it still feels empty just like how I felt inside.
  I glance at the familiar place where I stayed for quite a little while. I walk inside, nothing much changes like the outside. The same old furniture are still here. I went inside each room, their things are gone and when I entered my previous room I was surprised to see all my things are still here just like how I left it before I was taken my Rion.
  The memory I had here was when I decided to stop everything between us. His devastated look haunted me again. I close my eyes trying to erase that memory away. I walk towards the veranda another memory of him standing here flashes in my eyes. The way his green-blue eyes stared at me. It still gives me chills until now.
  I glance in the direction where he took me before. The place where we spend our first night together. I bite my lower lip trying to stop myself from crying again. I hated this feeling, I sealed them before in the past and I know I can do it again. Especially after I was fully awakened. I won't be able to feel this emotion anymore. No one can hurt me again when that time comes.
  I froze when I felt someone's presence heading our way and Galaz also appears in no time.
  "Someone is coming, we have to go." He uttered and I nodded my head. As I take my first step, I stop as soon as the scent of mint and winter hits my nostrils.
  I glance at Galaz wide open.
  "It was him," I said, not even wanting to believe it myself.
  He quickly pulled me in his arms and we jumped from the veranda. He tried masking my scent but it was too late. I know he will caught my scent in no time.
  "We have to hurry," I mumbled and he nodded his head. We both head towards the only exit that we could use. The hidden passage in the cliff. When we reach the coast we both jump.
  "Are you sure we could swim back?" He asks, I know he finds our situation funny.
  I rolled my eyes at him and swim towards the other side of the coast. I'm sure there are no pack members around because of the celebration they have.
  "Just be quiet and we have to hurry. There might be some pack warriors around the area." When we reach the other side of the coastline. Some of the pack warrior is actually there.
  "Should I kill them?" He whispered in my ears.
  "You will only leave evidence that we are actually here." He look disappointed at my answer. I know he wanted to kill someone right now after he saw the people involve in his sister's death.
  "Then what are yo-" before he can finish his sentence I walk straight out of the water. The pack warrior saw me but his reaction was slow.
  "Sleep," I whispered and in a second he fell to the ground fast asleep.
  "Woah... I can't stop myself from being amazed every time you do that." He uttered. I didn't answer him and just stared at him.
  "Oh right." He said, then shifted to his wolf. I climbed at his back and we took off.
  Further away from you...

###chapter 58: It was only starting
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I scan her empty room, inhaling her scent. Closing my eyes as I imagine her here with, how her voice sounded, the way her pale skin flush because of anger as she hated me. I chuckle to myself.
  Haha! She hated me...
  As I walk further to her room something reach my nostrils. An unfamiliar scent. This can't be? I jump from the terrace and shifted.
  Shit please tell me I was right. I ran faster but all I can see and hear is the wave.
  Am I going crazy? I thought I caught her scent and that scent I remembered it was the same somehow similar to the scent in the Island. I thought perhaps they came here. But I guess it was all in my head.
  I came back to the packhouse feeling a bit tired frome everything that is happening.
  My heart is pounding so hard that it hurt so much. I can't remember the last time I look forward to a new day.
  "Father wake up! Breakfast is ready." I opened my eyes and found a pair of gold and red eyes staring at me. His small hands was shaking my arms trying to woke me up.
  "Who are you?" I ask unsure, now that I took a glance at my surroundings I was inside a small bedroom.
  "What are you talking about father? Are you still half asleep again?" He frowned at me then cross his arms around his her chest. He has a blonde hair like mine.
  "What do you mean?" I ask still unsure. And there the sound of someone cooking followed by the smell of fresh bake break and soup reach my nostrils making my stomach crumble.
  "Mom!! Look Dad is being weird." He ran towards the door and I slowly followed him still unsure where am I.
  "Come here baby, maybe daddy is still a bit sleepy. Remember you were also like that yesterday." It was a woman's voice, her voice was soft and comforting. But it sounded familiar?
  When I reach the Dining area the woman's back is facing me. Her hair was tied into a bun and she was carrying the child from earlier. His small frame was just right on her arms.
  "Dad!" He jump from her and run towards me pulling me to the dining table.
  "Common I'm hungry Dad!" Dad? His been calling me that since earlier. Am I still dreaming? And where is this place.
  "Okay sweetheart here's your food and let your dad settled first." She turn around and I froze. She still look beautiful like how I remember her. Her eyes and red and gold like the child. I felt some butterflies in my stomach.
  "Klaire..." Her lips automatically form a smile when she heard her name. She was holding some cup of tea in her hands.
  "Yes honey? What's wrong? Are you okay?" She ask concerned, Is this really happening? Did she just call me honey?
  "Dad? Mom is asking you." I glance at the direction of my child? He was munching some bacon in her mouth. I grab the napkin and wipe off the grease in her mouth.
  "No honey, I'm okay." I mumbled, now that I notice this child look just like her except for his hair and the shape of his eyes. He had my almond like shape eyes.
  "I'll get you some soup, wait." She was about to stand but I stop her.
  "I will do it, you just sit there and eat I'll handle this." I uttered then kissed the top of her head before I grab the bowl of soup.
  "You are acting weird today." She said while watching me with her gorgeous eyes. I wink at her and her cheeks flush.
  "I just want to serve my Queen and my little prince." Our child chuckles and she was shaking her head as if I just said something silly.
  "Why? I'm serious." I mumbled then smiled at her. I lay the bowl beside her then took some for our child.
  "Dad I wanna go eat some ice cream later." He whispered at me. I even lean closer just so he can reach my ears.
  "Oh that's a no Drane, you just had one yesterday." So his name is Drane. I smiled at the thought of naming him after me.
  She was then looking at me like she was telling me not to let him get ice cream. I just nodded my head at her.
  "Dad you promise once I finish my school early." He mumbled then pouting his lips. He had her lips.
  I brush his hair which made him pout even more. I giggled on how adorable he looks like right now.
  "Dad I'm not a kid anymore. I told you to stop treating me like one." He mumbled while sinking further to his chair.
  "Okay I will stop. You are right you were not a little kid anymore." I stop for a moment. "But you know that ice cream are only for kids." I added.
  "But..." He look defeated, Klaire was only watching us the whole time.
  "No more but kiddo, you heard your mom. No ice cream for now. I'll buy you one tomorrow okay?" I wink at him and his face automatically brightens.
  "Okay, that's a promise!" He uttered excitedly. I nodded my head and he started eating again.
  I glance at Klaire who is now smiling at me. I grab her hand and kiss the back of her hand.
  "You know doing that won't change my mind right? You can't still get him some ice cream." She while laughing, I smiled at her.
  "Don't worry I wouldn't... For today." I added then wink. She just shake her head and we finish eating out breakfast.
  I wanted to help her do the dishes but she told me to do my job in the garden. She ask me to move some plants.
  The house is just a small cottage made of woods and marbles. When I got outside Drane was already there playing with his ball. He was wearing something, like a school uniform.
  "Are you on your way to school now?" I ask, he nodded his head his bag was strapped on his shoulders.
  "I was just waiting for uncle Kariz, he said he will drive me to school." Kariz... Wait where did I heard that name? I tried to recall where I heard that name.
  "Honey are you okay?" I didn't even notice her getting close, she walk towards me then rub my back. "You don't look so well? You should rest inside. I'll take care of Drane." She then guided me inside the house.
  "I'm okay, I'm just maybe a bit tired." She was watching me for a moment then turn to grab some water on the fridge.
  "Just rest for today, wait here." I heard the screech of tires when she went outside. I peak at the window to see who it was. I can't see his face because Klaire was blocking the view.
  He then walk back towards his car with Drane. Klaire wave her hands as the car soon took off the drive way.
  "Who was that? Who is Kariz?" She look surprised at my question.
  "Kariz? Who?" She repeated my question. She was averting her eyes at me.
  "Drane said his uncle Kariz will pick him up." I mumbled, again that name... Whenever I say that name my head was starting to hurt.
  "Maybe you heard the wrong name? That was Alec, you know one of your closest friend. Anyway you should get some sleep bath, you might feel better after." I still want to ask who is Alec and I know I did heard Drane correctly. But I had the feeling that she won't tell me even if I ask again.
  "Okay." I agree then kissed her forehead before I went to the bathroom.
  I let the cold water run to my skin, the feeling of it makes me feel alive. Was I just dreaming earlier? But why does it felt like I forgot something important?  What is it?
  I turn the shower off then turn to grab the towel but my head was starting to hurt.
  "Honey are you okay?" I turned around to Klaire or should I say an imposter running to me.
  I glance at her not wanting to make her worry.
  "I'm okay, my head just hurt a bit" She look confused then nodded her head.
  "Are you starting to remember that your the one who cause me so much pain?" Her voice change and when I look at her she was covered with blood.
  "What is happening? Klaire!" And as I walk closer to her she became further away from me..
  "No! Don't go!" I shouted but I'm not sure if she could even hear me. Her laughter burst out of nowhere.
  "Don't go? Isn't this what you wanted in the first place? To live a normal life with her, to have a family of your own. And now here it is, you are actually happy earlier why did you have to destroy it again?" She was holding Drane in her arms and she was lifeless.
  "You killed us." Her words stunned me. I glance at my hands and it was covered with blood.
  "No, I can't hurt you." I mumbled, still feeling the red liquid in my hands.
  "This isn't real! This is just a dream!" I mumbled to myself and run to the door.
  When I got out Drane was standing in front of me. He was alive, I almost cried when I saw him still breathing. He was wearing the exact clothes he had earlier.
  "Are you leaving me, dad?" He looks like he was about to cry. I keep reminding myself that he was not real.
  "I'm sorry Drane, but I need to return to your real mom," I mumbled then started walking past him.
  "What about ice cream? You promise that we will get some ice cream tomorrow." I smiled at him sadly.
  "Yes, we will buy an ice cream now." I held his hands. I know this is just a dream but I still want to continue it.
  The road where we are walking is starting to become foggy. I couldn't even see where we are going. And when I notice Drane was nowhere to be found I panicked.
  "You know that we are lost right?" I turn to find that little voice and found Drane standing a few feet away from me. Feeling a bit relieved that she didn't get that far away from.
  But something is off about him. His eyes are different from earlier. His hands are on his pocket. Cold gaze staring at me.
  "What is on your pocket Drane?" He shrugged his shoulders and started giggling.
  "You are funny Daddy, you know what is inside my pocket. Your the one who gave it to me." He mumbled. I walk towards him and kneel in front of him so we could be on the same level.
  "Look!" My jaw almost drop at the thing in his hands. It was a heart. And just like that he started vomiting blood.
  "You forgot Daddy, you killed us remember." He mumbled.
  "Dwayne wake up!" I open my eyes and found Sarah staring at me with worry written all over her face.
  "S-sarah?" She gave me a glass of water and I took it.
  "I came here looking for you because you didn't return after you said you will get some drinks." There is a slight annoyance in her voice but she dismissed it and grab my face. "Are you okay? I heard you shouting. I thought something happened to you but thank God you are only having nightmare." A dream, yeah it was only a dream. But it felt so real.
  "I was just too tired and I didn't even notice that I fell asleep." I explain, I wasn't lying on the part that I didn't notice that I fell asleep.
  "Well good thing I was here." I couldn't agree more, if she wasn't here to wake me up I don't know how long will that nightmare last.
  "Yeah, thanks." I muttered.
  "Anything for you babe." She then lean to kiss me but I move away and grab a glass of water.
  She look disappointed at first but she just ignored it.
  "Is it done?" I ask.
  "No, it was only just starting."

###chapter 59:Cage
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  What Sarah said is true, the celebration just started. When we came back the crowd is all cheering. I clenched my fist when I saw what they are cheering about.  
  There are like 10 Rogues inside a large cage. I didn't even notice that they prepared this thing. The rogues are fighting each other.
  "Now who wants to join them?" Hunter's voice came from the speakers. He was standing at the stage with the other Elders.
  "You know this rogues are captured by us. They continue to roam around with a pack which resulted for them to lose their minds." He added, the crowd was cheering and shouting "Kill them!"
  "Not yet, we didn't brought them here just to kill them instantly right?" Hunter smiled wickedly. And when our eyes meet his smiles widens. Like he was telling me this is how you will get your pack to your side.
  "Now why don't we choose someone from the pack to fight and kill them?" He suggested, and the crowd started volunteering. 
  But his eyes is fixated on me. And I know what he was planning when he grab the mic again.
  "Why don't we let an Alpha to do the honor of showing us the right way of killing our enemies?" They all became silent and followed the direction where he was staring at and that was no other than me. 
  "Like the Alpha of the Crescent Moon Pack? My own great-great grandson Dwayne!" They all remain silent. I can feel the hesitation in my packs eyes. And their minds even without linking on them I already knew what they are thinking.
  "Oh common Dwayne you don't want you embarrassed your great-great-grandfather don't you?" I didn't say anything. Sarah was just staring at me nervously, waiting for my response like the others.
  I step forward keeping my eyes on him. His smiles widens with satisfaction as he watch me do what he wanted.
  I climbed to the huge cage. The rogues snarling as I came closer. They look like they wanted to kill me. The crowd started cheering on me most of them are from my pack.
  "Now everyone let us watch the Alpha, you all will be the judge if he was still capable to be your Alpha." He uttered giving me a knowing look. I ignored his words. I'm already aware that my pack wanted to challenge me for the title. And right now he was helping me to somehow gain my authority by showing them how strong and powerful am I.
  "Let them all go." He mumbled, I even heard someone repeat it to confirm it to him and he nodded his head. Knowing that I know this rogues aren't the normal level one. They all had the same qualities like before but the way their eyes glows from rage was telling me that they are no longer humane, making them stronger and ruthless. A normal werewolf can only handle 1 or 2 of this type of rogues.
  When they all got released. All of them went straight to me. They didn't waste any time and started attacking me. My wolf wanted to crawl out of my skin and tear them apart but I didn't let him. If I want to gain their trust back I need to show them that I was capable even without my wolf's help.
  One of them tried to aim for my abdomen, which barely scratch my shirt. The crowd gasp, I felt the other one presence above me and the sharpe intake of his breath is telling me that he will attack from my behind. I quickly bend my body avoiding his attack. He was cut off by his own grunt when I threw my punch and elbowed the other one. They both lost their balance. I looked straight up at the remaining rogues who still can stand and gave them a smirk.
  This they all attacked me again one of them successfully hit me making me strangle for a bit, then the other one jump to my back. Aiming for me neck. I stop his head right in time. Throwing another punch, a solid right hook. When his weight was lifted off of me I jumped to my feet without a spare moment crouching low. He whines at my attacks. Then I focus on the other one near me. Noticing his outline is showing tightly while I was pushed back several feet. I heard the snap of his canines as he tried to bite my face as he trembled violently with his growls. Both of my hands are occupied and I still have to think of ways to stop the other rogues. 
  I let out a sigh, then snap his head with my bare hands. I couldn't think of another way to do it fast. The crowd was silent the whole time. All eyes are watching me. I can feel his gaze from the back of my head. I know he was enjoying himself. 
  I moved to the other remaining rogues, I did it as quick as possible. Aiming for their heads I snap it one by one until I was left with only one rogue. This wolf is smaller than the other ones, she was a female I'm sure of it. As I slowly made my way towards her, I can smell her fear. Her eyes stared at me with fear and hesitation. And with that she shifted back to her human form. I was more surprised to see her having a normal behavior like a normal werewolf.
  "Please don't kill me! I wouldn't come back here please! I only want a pack to belong to. I didn't know I'm sorry!" She continue mumbling while weeping. She look like she was a few years younger than me. Strawberry blond hair her eyes were blue. Her skinny body trembled in fear as I stood a few feet away from her.
  "Please I wouldn't dare to fight you if they didn't promise to spare my life if I didn't do what they told me to do." The crowd started shouting.
  "She was lying! She was a rogue!" Some said from the crowd.
  "Oh common kill her!" Someone shouted.
  I glance at his direction, he was waiting for my response. Is this even necessary? She was still young. I look at the crowd most of the one shouting was from the families who died in the Island. They probably believe that it was the rogues doing and Klaire was one of them. I don't know who started spreading rumors about this. This also leads for them to lose their faith from the Royalties because Klaire was one of them. They believe that the previous attack were all part of their plans and seeing Klaire didn't come back with us only added to their speculation.
  "I'm sorry." I whispered, then grab her neck. "I will make it quick." With that I heard her bones crack as I snap his neck. Her eyes stared at me wide open as her remaining tears in her eyes runs down her cold cheeks. 
  When I was done the whole crowd cheered. He nodded his head with recognition when I climbed out of the cage. They all run towards me and started telling me that they are amaze that I didn't need to shift, or I was amazing. But one of them caught my attention. "Murderer." I stop to find who says that but I couldn't see who it was.
  "Oh my gosh Dwayne! You are amazing out there babe!" Sarah rush towards me and gave me a hug. 
  "I couldn't believe it! I didn't expect you to kill them all without even shifting." She added, I just continue walking and she followed me. When we reach the stage Hunter walk towards me.
  He pat my shoulders with a huge smile on his face.
  "I knew you wouldn't let me down." He mumbled, I just nodded my head then he grab my hand and pulled it over my head.
  "Everyone I give you the Alpha of the Crescent Moon Pack!" The crowd cheered, but I don't feel anything but remorse and hatred inside me.
  "Now who ever wants to challenge him feel free to step forward." He added, I glance at the crowd and they all lower their heads. No one even dare to look me in the eyes.
  "Looks like no one is interested." He mumbled, the other Elders just remained silent along with the new and former Alphas.
  When he let me go I quickly went down. Giving the excuse of taking a shower because I was covered with blood. When I reach my room I immediately throw my desk on the wall. I groan out of frustration and started punching the wall.
  What that person said earlier was right. I was nothing but a murderer. I remember the way her blue eyes darkens as I took her life away. How I killed Sarah's mate. And... How I killed Amara in the past. Whoever that person is was right! 
  I took my clothes off and head to the shower, letting the cold water brush away the blood in my body. The scent of this blood is making my stomach upset. Like I want to throw up. I remain there for who knows how long. I can still hear the crowd from here but I wouldn't go back there anymore. I couldn't get myself to stand there. Is this really what they want me to do? An Alpha who doesn't even give a damn about the life of others? If this is what they want I will give it to them.
  The next day as I went downstairs everyone who saw me is either greeting me with the Alpha title or are too afraid to speak. Everyone is avoiding me. From what I heard the Elders stayed in the East Mansion. Her belongings was still there but Sarah told me that all of the furnitures and other things there are either thrown away or burned down. 
  When I reach the place where the celebration was held last night the cage was still there. The body are already gone, they were instructed to display those body right outside the border as a warning for those who tried to cross it. 
  "Good morning Alpha." One of the pack member said. It was Renz, a newly shift werewolf. He was Zion's cousin.
  "I haven't seen you in awhile Renz." He scratch his head, he was a few years younger than us.
  "I was busy with the training Alpha." He answered. I nodded my head, not wanting to keep the conversation going and I think he understood me when he excuse his self to help to the removal of the cage.
  When everyone is busy I started heading back to where I was planning in the first place. 
  I stop where the dungeon is located, it was an old fortress that was turned into a dungeon. It was turned this way because the fortress itself is like a maze that even if someone successfully escape his cell, he wouldn't be able to escape from here. Only a few people can actually know the way to the exit. Even some of our pack members are lost around here. 
  When I reach the inside, it was really dark only the light from the torch is giving a flicker of light in this cold place.
  Darkness is not an issue for us werewolves so I made my way towards my prospect. When I reach his cell, he was chained both hand and feet. Even his neck was chained with silver spikes around it. That if he tried to shift he will just end up hurting himself or worse kill himself. This will help us to keep him at this state. He was still an Alpha making him someone that we can't underestimate. 
  "Took you long enough." He uttered, he lifted his head. He was covered with bruises. I'm sure they didn't gave him a chance to recover his strength because I said so. I couldn't let a traitor like him especially after what he have done to just rest here.
  "Trust me, your the least person that I wanted to see right now." He smiled at me. And I know he knew why I'm here.

###chapter 60: Five
  Zion's P.O.V
  I glance at Dwayne, he was acting strange this past few weeks then suddenly change all of a sudden. He was still affected by his mate who turns her back on us then now he acts like nothing ever happened to him.
  "Hey, Zion have you seen Dwayne?" I turn to see Sarah, she still looks beautiful in my eyes but something about her is not as appealing to me as before. This all started when we came to visit that prisoner in the South. That woman!
  2 weeks ago...
  I was surprised to see Dwayne badge in my Room. He had this serious look on his face.
  "We need to go to the South." I narrow my brow at him a bit skeptical about what he was planning to do. He was just about to regain the trust of the pack back. Don't tell me he was planning on doing something again.
  "Why?" He looks at me with an irritated look. Like how he used to do back then when he still hasn't met her.
  "I need to investigate Rion, we need to locate the other traitors who are helping him. Because he can't handle everything on his own without someone helping him." He muttered, now that he mentioned it. It was practically true.
  "Does the Elders knows?" He stops for a minute then I almost regret saying those words at him. His eyes turn dark telling me his wolf was about to come out.
  "Are you questioning my decisions?!" I lower my head, he was using his Alpha voice. I know he somewhat lost his authority towards the pack but that doesn't change the fact that he was still our Alpha and whether we like it or not our wolf will still submit to him.
  But because of the issues that happened before he lost almost the respect of his pack, so mostly his pack members won't follow his orders unless he used his Alpha tone. That is also the reason why he needs to gain his authority back.
  "I'm not Alpha, I just want to remind you about the problem we will have if the Elders happened to object." This is also the reason why the Factions have the Elders, the Elders are not just the former Alpha but because they made these rules that even Alphas cannot break. And that is also the reason why they came here. Because a rule is broken.
  Alphas are forbidden to take their weak mates even though it was a rule that most of us have to respect. Because Alphas are only allowed to continue a strong bloodline of werewolves. And now I know why because of the continuous war with the Rogues. Up until now, I have hated the Rogues because they have taken so much to us, especially to Sarah. I saw how she became broken after what happened to her. I cannot blame Dwayne for doing what he must to save Sarah. That is also the reason why I object to Dwayne's decision on chasing Klaire. And after Sarah almost died at the hand of the Rogues in that Island. I promise that I will do everything in my power to stop those Rogues from killing another family. They took to much from us already. Including my own brother.
  "I will talk to them about it. Now I want you to gather at least 5 pack warriors to join us. Pick the ones who will respect and won't question me." He uttered directing his words to me. And for the second time, I felt the chills run down my spine.
  Is he really back? I nodded my head and he left. Now I was left with nothing but things to do. And when he said 5, I know who shall come with us.
  I stop my track at a barn just outside the west wing of the territory. And as usual, he was there. He carried two cows on his shoulders and when he saw me coming he stops and put his cows down.
  "What brought you here Zion." I smile and gave him a pat on the shoulder.
  "It's been a while Claus." Claus was one of the greatest pack warriors we had but he suddenly stops when he lost his mate over the last fight we had with the Rogues. That was also the time that Sarah lost her mate during our first shift. Claus was about 3 years older than us. He was the same age as my brother if he was still alive.
  "What is it this time? Are you perhaps in trouble?" I shake my head at him. Dwayne and he are not really fond of each other but he respects Dwayne as his Alpha.
  "No, but our pack is," I mumbled, his face was telling me that he was aware of the things that is happening. Even though this part of the territory is quite abandoned. The pack members who usually come here are the ones who wanted to exclude themselves from the pack matters. But they are still obligated to at least come to the pack meetings once in a while.
  "I heard it, so the Alpha happened to have a mate who is involved with the Royalties and the Rogues. " He uttered. I nodded my head.
  "But that's not all, the Elders are here. I knew you didn't come last time so you probably never heard about it." His jaw almost drops.
  "So it was really serious this time. Those folks never even show their faces unless it was the succession. But from what I witnessed last time the Royalties are the ones who did the succession." I nodded my head.
  "We need 5 members who will come with us to investigate the traitor. Rion the Alpha of the South." He didn't look surprised at the news.
  "So he finally shows his true colors huh." He mumbled.
  "You know him?" He laugh at me like it was a joke.
  "Are you telling me your brother didn't tell you anything?" I nodded my head. Waiting for him to continue.
  "You know that we trained in the South for like 2 years before your brother died. Rion was with us back then. I know something was off around him, especially after what I saw." He stops for a minute feeling a bit disturbed.
  "I saw how he kill his opponent during training. I know some of the training can cause death but they usually prevent it. But during that time Rion was a complete ballistic. He didn't stop when the trainer stops him. He continue to punch his opponent's face until it was unrecognizable anymore. But what creeps me out is the way he smiled after. The next day we were called to return here because that was the last day of our training. After that, we heard nothing about him and we just decided to forget what happened." He mumbled.
  "Well Dwayne decided to find out more about him and that is what we are about to find out. Are you coming or not?" He smiled and nodded his head.
  "Now you are sounding like a real Beta." He uttered, I just shake my head.
  "I'll see you tomorrow at the border." I turn to find the next two people I know.
  I stop at the pub. And when I enter it they all stop doing what they are doing and stared at me.
  I walk inside and stop at the bar section.
  "What should I get for you?" I just stared at him.
  "That's not why I'm here Darren. Where's Arren?" He pointed at the back towards the Kitchen.
  "What is it Beta?" Arren burst out of the door. This two are twins and we are together during our training both me and Dwayne. They just didn't take their position because of their Father's betrayal who happen leads some of the hunters toward the South which cause them to drop off to the lower rank of werewolves.
  "I haven't seen you two in a while and right now Dwayne needs your help." They both look at each other and narrow their brows. I just saw myself in them earlier.
  "Is this about his mate who happens to be one connected to the Rogues?" I nodded my head. "Are we going to look for her?" He whispered.
  "No, we will probably end up doing that soon but right now we need to go to the South, we will explain the details tomorrow. So are you coming or not?" And again they both look at each other and nodded their heads. I know they will take it. They always wanted to get back to their right position and doing this will help them do that.
  "We will meet at the border." Now I only need to get the last one. And I know making him come will be the hardest.
  I walk towards the training grounds and saw Lindon, he was the Beta of the South. And Dwayne instructed me to get him before he left.
  "What do you want." He still sounded upset after everything that happened in his Alpha and I know he was his closest friend.
  "We need your help." He let go the weights that he was carrying, making a loud thug on the ground.
  "What for? Are you planning on using me to betray my own pack? And you know who is the real reason why this happened." He uttered, getting too close to me like he wanted a fight. This is probably the reason why Dwayne wants me to talk to him instead of himself because they will end up fighting.
  "Let's cut the chased, you also know that your Alpha is also one to blame," I muttered while glaring at him.
  "But that is partly the reason why we are here. If what Rion is saying was right then I could help him." He muttered, wait what? This is the first time that I heard about this.
  "You also know what he did to my subordinates. He let them get killed." I can feel the sadness and bitterness on his words. He was right about that matter.
  "I cannot say anything about that. But if you will help me, we can find the other traitors who is helping Rion and with that, we could bring justice to them." He added this is the first time that I saw Dwayne like this. He really sounded like an Alpha.
  "Fine. I will help you but after this, I'm done." He uttered then turns his back on us.
  I look at Dwayne who is still staring at Lindon.
  "Did you really talk to that traitor?" He didn't answer and just turns his back on me.
  "Dwayne you have to tell me something. You know you are my friend and even if you aren't my Alpha I will still help you." This made him stop.
  "I did, and he told me something that you wouldn't believe even if I tell you." He said then left. I just stood there unable to utter a word.
  Ever since those Royalties came everything is turning upside down. I stared at my surroundings. I can smell the tension in the air and something is telling me that this is just the beginning.
  End of flashback.
  "Zion? Are you listening to me??" I look at Sarah, not even knowing what she was talking about.
  "I haven't seen him." She pouted her lips looking annoyed.
  "Why are you being like that? Both you and Dwayne are so cold. You also change!" She uttered then storm out. I don't know if I should be glad about what she said or be afraid.
  I change? Suddenly an image of a woman with chocolate brown hair came to my mind.
  "Why am I thinking of her," I mutter to myself then shake my head. Trying to avoid the answer to my question. Because I know deeply to myself why I'm thinking of her.

###chapter 61: Devon
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  After my talk with Rion I went straight to the Elders. I know they might go against me and if they agree I know they will let someone keep an eyes on me to make sure I was really on their side.
  But to be honest I don't know which side should I stand for. But right now I need to do a different approach.
  When I open the door Hunter was sitting on the sofa. He was drinking a cup of coffee the smell of caffeine made me abit nausea. I always dislike the scent of coffee because it reminded me of the scent of the person who made our lives miserable.
  "What brought you here my Grandson." He ask not even bothering to look at me. "I was just about to call for you. But now that you are here that won't be necessary." He added, then put his cup away and look at me.
  "I need to talk to you about something." I muttered, he then told me to take a seat and I did as I was told.
  "We really need to talk especially about your mate. I heard so many things about her which is quite a mystery don't you think?" He mumbled giving me a slight nod, his eyes were penetrating within me. Like if I wanted to hide something he will end up knowing it.
  "I hardly know anything about her. I was also surprised during the Succession." Now that I remember they didn't even show up during that time and let the Royalties handled it.
  "Well I was aware about the youngest daughter of the previous King, but I didn't know that she was born as human. Since King Aris died his son Armadeus continue his rein, and from what I heard he had 2 children Clint and you know the other one Klaire who is born as a human. If your father didn't told me about what he witness I wouldn't even believe it myself. I never thought that the Central Kingdom will hide that important piece of information to the faction. " He explains. I can feel that he was telling the truth but something is still making me feel uneasy. 
  "Why didn't you come during the succession?" I cannot help but ask, because I want to stop contemplating about this matter.
  "That was part of the agreement of the treaty to us Elders and the Royalties. That the succession will be handled by both parties but during that time we were attacked by the rogues which made us cancel our trip and let the Royalties lead the succession. But now that I think about it. It felt like they planned it all along." He added, I clench my fist not liking his statement. I know the fact that the Royalties don't like to open up to the faction but that time they open her up to us. They showed her true power to us and that means they wanted to make this treaty happened. But now that he was saying this he somehow had a point.
  The rogues attack that time and only the pack members happened to be unconscious and then that statement of giving back what rightfully theirs was another story. 
  "Did you have any evidence that the Central Kingdom is involved with the Rogues? And Rion?" He stop for a second like he was thinking about something.
  "No, but that is also the reason why we need your help to get more information about them and right now Rion is our first step to get them. I heard all of you are together in the Island." He said, I nodded my head. Liking the fact that I wouldn't have a hard time telling him about my plan yo go to the South because he was planning it all along.
  Also the island, I want to ask him about it but I know this is not the right time. I still need to gather more information about their connection with it. And if I was wrong then that would be a good news.
  "Yes, but during that time when we arrived everyone was already dead." The memory of our meeting in that same place was always tragic. Her gray-blue eyes flashes in my mind like whirlpool trying to suck me in.
  "It was her right?" I was stunned by his words. He was staring straight to my eyes. I know he knows something. Did Sarah told him? Or was there somebody else who saw everything?
  "I don't know. Like I've said everyone was dead when we arrived at the site." I muttered. I wasn't lying about this.
  "I see, have you heard the story about the second war?" I know he partly talking about the Legend. 
  "You mean the legend?" I ask trying to avoid such subject. I had some of the memory of the second war. I glance at my hands, the hands who took her life away.
  "Well, you know Dwayne when I was young my father always tell me about the second war. What he witness when he was a kid. " He stand on his feet and walk towards the window. He look serious and angry?
  "When he was young he witness a horrifying event. It was during the second war, he saw how the one who saved them actually end up killing the whole faction. But what is more interesting about it is that person is actually a human with a mysterious power that came from the moon goddess herself. " My heart started pounding when he turn around to me. I know he was not yet alive that time but it felt like he knew that I was there.
  "Are you saying Klaire and that woman are the same?" Someone mumbled from my behind, when I turn around it was Cameron together with Harid.
  "I'm not quite sure yet, but if they are the same then it only means that she was a danger for us all." He answered, the look on their face was enough for me to know that they are waiting for my reaction.
  "Then what are you planning to do if you are right about that?" I ask, he gave me a wicked smile. And I know that I wouldn't like what he was planning to do.
  "We will have to kill her." He muttered. 
  The next day I went to where Zion and the others are waiting when I arrived their I found the 3 familiar faces that I haven't seen in a while.
  "Alpha." They all bowed their head and I nodded my head.
  "It been a while Dwayne." Arren muttered, Darren then smack him in the head.
  "You shouldn't just call him by his name. He was our Alpha now! Did you actually left your brain in the bar?" He mumbled, scolding Arren. I almost laugh at them. They haven't change at all.
  "It's okay Darren you could just act like before." They all nodded their heads.
  "Aren't you going to explain why we are here?" Claus said, he still have that shady look on him. He look much better than the last time I saw him. He was a complete wrecked when he lost his mate. And I know how that feels because I didn't lost her once but twice. 
  "Right, first I have to let you know that we won't be alone on this mission. There will be eyes that will monitor us. So don't trust anyone except me." I uttered while looking at them one by one. I had a little doubt about Lindon coming here but seeing him here only proves what Rion said.
  "You probably all know that we are heading to the South. We need to find the people who are helping Rion before the Elders or the Rogues does." I know the Rogues will end up disposing them to make sure we would get any information about them and the Elders will do everything in their power to get any information about them.
  "I heard you are keeping someone who might help us." My eyes stop at Lindon who's eyes were wide open. I already knew that he was keeping someone who is related to Rion. Rion told me about it because he made sure that Lindon will hide her for the meantime.
  "How did you kn-" he stop when he finally realized how. "So that's why you need me." I nodded my head. We need to finish our talk before they arrived here.
  "Are you just planning to locate your mate?" Arren uttered, he received another glare at Darren.
  "Yes and no. Yes, because eventually we will need to find her to know the Rogues location. And no, because I need to find out the connection of the Faction with the Island." They all look at me confused. But I can't tell them about it yet.
  "Okay, I think we need to stop that right now." I turn to Zion who is now staring at the 6 people heading our way.
  Cameron, Harid and the others are their Betas and someone from their pack. 
  "You are all so early." Cameron uttered.
  "It's an honor to meet both Alpha of the west and east." Darren said. And they all greeted them the others did the same to me. And when we were all done with the greetings. Harid explain our plan.
  "We will seek information about this people." Harid pull out 5 photos of some unfamiliar faces. All of them look a bit younger than J expected. They are just a few years older than us. Around Claus age if I'm not mistaken.
  I glance at Lindon who is also staring at the photos but only one caught his attention. It was a picture of a woman with a chocolate brown hair with a pair of blue eyes. And i know for sure why he was staring at her like that.
  "This people are known for their dislike with the Faction. This is Terry, he was part of the pack's warrior before but he started showing his violence with his colleagues and the former Alpha punish him which lead him for losing his left eye. And this one was Alejandro, he was known for his obsession with herbs, medicine that he usually experimented on like the toxins from the flower during the succession. While Bryan works in the South warehouse before but was caught stealing weapons from the warehouse. He was immediately taken to the dungeon but he got out and went missing. While this Devon and Dieter the two siblings who are we had no information. They just suddenly appear in the pack when they are young practically orphans and was raise there. Devon went missing after Rion was caught only Dieter remained." He stop for a minute then continue.
  "And another thing they are related to Rion's mate." He added.
   I glance at Lindon who is now standing a few feet away from us.
  I walk towards him and stop in front of him. I know heard everything.
  "They are adopted by the family of Rion's mate. And Devon was the one you need." He whispered.

###chapter 62: Larry
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  When we reach the South, the pack were already expecting us. Right now their pack is in chaos because they don't have an Alpha at the moment only the former Alpha is standing as a replacement.
  "Rion never mentioned his mate." I mumbled as soom as I was alone with Lindon. He turn around and stared at me with a blank face.
  "He wouldn't even talk to her about anyone after what happened." He answered.
  "Do you have any idea why Rion betrayal the Faction?" This made him froze. A sudden rage on his breathing.
  "I don't know. I was even asking that myself, did I really know him? It just sucks that I have to stand beside a murderer all this time." He clench his fist. I know he was more than angry for Rion's betrayal. He was his closest friend, and right now I understand why he didn't tell the Faction about Devon.
  "That's the reason why we are here. To know why Rion did what he have done. This includes why he was so angry to the point of driving his own pack to the Rogues." He didn't answer. And just continue making his way towards the pack house. 
  When we got inside everyone is waiting for us. The look of doubt as soon as they saw us. 
  "Welcome Alphas. I hope the sudden event won't affect the relationship of the faction towards the South." An older man mumbled. Lindon then stand on his side. 
  "This is my father Larry, the former Beta and he was the one who is handling the pack while the Alpha is not yet back." He was talking about Rion's adopted father. 
  "Please let us know if you we could help you with anything. " He uttered, we all just nodded our head then he turn his attention towards a woman standing behind him. He looks exactly like Lindon except that she was a woman.
  "This is my daughter Liza, and she will be the one to kind you towards your rooms. I hope you had a pleasant stay." We all excuse ourselves and followed Liza. She took us to the 5th floor where our rooms are. Looks like we have to stay in the packhouse. The factions made sure that we won't be able to move freely without eyes watching us. Zion and the other's room are on the 4th floor below us while the Alphas are here in the 5th floor.
  "This is your room Alpha Dwayne." She mumbled, I thank her and she excuse herself. When I open the door I was welcome by a huge room. Not bigger than my room back at the North but it was big enough for me. The interior of the room was industrial, from its king size bed down to it's tiniest details.
  I lay down on the bed, feeling a bit exhausted after our long run. It took us almost 10 days to get here and that was already our fastest way to get here on a normal run it could took us 15-20 days to reach the South. 
  A knock on the door pull me out of my sleep. When I open it Zion was waiting for me along with the other 3. Lindon was no where to be found. 
  "Where's Lindon?" I let them inside but I warned them not to talk about our plan. 
  "I think he was still with his Father. Are you sure we could trust him?" Zion whispered the last part. I know they have doubts even I myself. But we can only find out soon.
  "We don't have a choice but to believe him for now." I uttered. They all remained silent.
  "I think you all need to get out of here if you want to talk freely." Lindon said, we all turned to find Lindon who is now standing at the doorstep. "I could here your voice from the hallway. Good thing the others aren't here." He uttered.
  "I found some information from my father." I glared at him and he raised both his hands in the air. "I know you told me not to tell anyone about this. But my father was more aware of the reason why Rion change." He added. 
  "You could trust my father, he was one of Rion's father's follower before he died." We all just stared at him.
  "Alright, if anything goes wrong after this. I will kill you myself." I uttered, he just chuckle and nodded his head.
  We followed him outside the packhouse. Then we stop on a small cabin.
  "This is our house." He said. "You know we are one of the low ranks before but because of Rion's father we were able to rise back to being the Betas. " He continue. When he opened the door his father was on the kitchen. He was busy cooking.
  "Oh I'm sorry for how I look right now Alpha Dwayne. I hope you like some steaks. I'm making some of my wife's recipe." He called out from the kitchen.
  "I thought we are here to talk? And not to have a house visit?" Arren whispered. Darren smack his shoulders and told him to keep quiet.
  Lindon and his Father Larry came out of the kitchen with some food. They set the table.
  "Please have a seat, let's have dinner first before we go back to that rough side." Larry said. We all took our seat and started eating.
  "I heard the real reason why you are here Alpha Dwayne." Larry started.
  "Just call me Dwayne." I said, not liking the formalities.
  "Okay then Dwayne. I know you wanted to ask about Rion. To be honest he wasn't like that before his father's death. " He look a bit sad, like he recalled some memories that he don't want to remember.
  "He told me something about his father's death. But I wanna know what you know about his father's death." I look at him in the eyes and he chuckle.
  "You hated wasting time I see." He took a sip of his wine and then cleared his throat.
  "I wasn't sure how his father died that time. But his father talk to me the night before his death. He told me to take care of Rion and his wife because something might happened to him. At first I thought it was a joke but the next day I just heard the news that he died on the hands of the hunters." He explain. 
  "He wanted to take the south out of the Faction. I don't know the reason why but he told me that he could take it anymore. I wasn't alone that time when he said that. Rion's uncle was also there that time. At first I didn't give it much of a thought but then one day I heard him and Rion fighting after his father's death. Rion was blaming his uncle for his death. I thought he was just angry at everyone until today when I heard that Rion betrayed his pack." He said, his voice sounded lonely.
  "Rion was like a son to me especially because Lindon became his Beta after that. But then I don't know anymore what is happening. I know it has something to do with his Father's death." Lindon cleared the table as we listen to his father's story.
  "I had hopes that everything was already okay after he met his mate. But then she died one day, we found her in the wounds the night of her first shift. That was the first time I saw Rion look so sinister after that but then he started acting like nothing happened. I'm not sure if this will help you find your answers but that is all the things I know." He ended his story. We all remain silent after.
  "That was more than enough. Thank you Larry." His face brighten up as soon as he heard me say those words.
  "He was always feeling guilty for not doing anything that time. That is why he was willing to tell you this." Lindon whispered as he look at his father who is now busy talking to his wife.
  "Is that also why you trust Rion so much?" He nodded his head.
  "Yes, but still that doesn't mean I'm not angry at him for letting our team get killed by those rogues." He added. He was talking about the attack where he was the only one who came out alive. It was also the time where I saw Klaire with Rion. I swear just thinking about that day made my blood boil.
  "When are you planning on visiting Devon?" He ask.
  "Tomorrow, we need to move fast. Tomorrow Cameron and Harid will start with the other two while us will interrogate Dieter." I uttered.
  "Just so you know, I do not know where she is but I might knew where she might head to." Lindon then scratch the back of his head. 
  "Why didn't you tell us earlier?" Zion voice came from my behind. His voice as a hint of annoyance in them.
  "I totally thought you wouldn't let me come if you knew." He answered. This time Zion pulled him outside their house. Larry and his wife was surprised but I told them it was fine. They were just playing.
  We all went outside except for Lindon's parents. I close the door and watch Zion throw Lindon on the ground.
  Arren and Darren stop Zion and Lindon from breaking into a fight. They were both holding each other.
  "If you end up wasting our time I swear I will beat you! You little punk!" Zion bark.
  "You all have no one other than me so better shut up." Lindon answered back. I don't know why but Zion suddenly started getting irritated by Lindon. He wasn't the type to suddenly attack someone unless he have his reasons and right now I have no idea why.
  "Relax beta, she was my childhood friend. And that is the only place I could think of that no one knew except me and her brother. This us your best chance of finding her." Lindon uttered, pulling away from Arren's hold.
  "That's enough Zion. He have a point, we still need him if we want to find her." Zion just hissed then walk away. 
  "What is wrong with your beta?" Lindon ask. I shrugged my shoulders unsure about it myself.
  "Maybe something is pissing him off or someone was." Claus finally found his tongue back and decided to actually speak.
  "And who was it?" I uttered but he just replied with a shrugged on his shoulders.
  Claus and I wasn't in good terms. It was during the time of my trainings where he was one of the strongest opponent I had. But he ended up losing against me and you know the pride of a werewolf. He didn't like it, I know he wanted to be an Alpha before, he was practically my cousin, his father was my father's cousin who are also not in good terms. We grow up being rivals after that. But I respect him as a warrior, he was really strong but after his mate's death he started to show no interest on everything and turn his back towards his responsibility and stayed in the country side of the territory.
  When we head back Cameron and Harid was waiting for me in the hallway.
  "Took a night stroll?" Cameron uttered, he was leaning on his door frame.
  I didn't answer and just walk pass them. Harid tap my shoulders.
  "If I were you, I would be careful for who will I trust." He whispered then entered his room.
  I know that already...

###chapter 63: Devon
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The next day we went straight to where her brother is. He was locked up in a cell. When he notice us coming he just move further away his cell.
  "How many times do I have to tell you that I have nothing to do with Rion's betrayal!" He shouted, he had so many bruises all over his body. And he have a collar just to make sure he wouldn't dare to shift into his wolf. Because once he did that he will automatically die.
  "I'm not one of them!" He badge to the iron surroundings his cell. Making us see his face clearly. He look younger than us. Strawberry blonde hair with a pair of blue eyes. He look exactly like his twin, except for his eyes are lighter shade of blue than his sister.
  "So you know them." This made him quiet, when he just realized what he said. 
  "I-I don't..." He stammer, I just stared at him. I ordered Zion to open the cell and Arren pulled him outside.
  "Look here, I am not the enemy. If you will choose among us, you better stick with me." I muttered, he look hesitant and weary about us. His eyes shifted from me and the others then back to me. Then something caught his attention.
  "You are one of us." He muttered, I frowned at him unsure what he was talking about.
  "You're from the Island." He muttered, this time he caught my attention. I pulled him arms.
  "What do you know about the Island?" He didn't look surprised at my reaction. His face change to a calmer one. 
  "I wouldn't talk about that here. They have eyes everywhere." He whispered. Acting all weird again.
  "Are you sure his not a crackhead?" Arren uttered. Darren told him to shut up. "Just saying." He mumbled then turn his attention somewhere else.
  "I know you are one of us. But I never saw you there." He said, I let go his arms and he then took off his collar. If he could do that then he should have escape before.
  "I always want to take that off, but I was waiting for the right moment. Looks like my patience is not wasted just like what she said." He mumbled, I just stand there feeling confused.
  "I know you are a pure blood werewolf before. You are just like me, you are made to be one." He continue. Now I know what he was talking about. This time I pinned him on his hell, leaving a loud thug as he hits the metal. 
  "I want you to tell me everything you know right now." I gritted my teeth, Zion tap my shoulders.
  "You need to calm down Dwayne. We wouldn't want to catch to much attention." He whispered reminding me of the reason why we are here. This isn't just about the reason why Rion betrayed the Faction. But what is their connection with the rogues and that Island. Because I know Klaire wouldn't turn her back without any reason. Or am I making excuses on her behalf? 
  "Fck!" Then I let him fall on the ground. He started coughing. 
  "You are much stronger than us. No wonder they wanted you all back." He mumbled, I just let him seat there catching his breath.
  "Dwayne what is really happening? I know this isn't about the faction. It was about her right?" I remained silent. 
  "Fck! I was right the whole time. Are you really going to put everything behind for her?!" Zion said angrily. He had no idea what he was talking about.
  "Hahahahaha!" We all look at him, he was laughing so hard that he even had tears in his eyes.
  "What a pity, the little beta doesn't even know what he was getting into." Zion pulled him, choking his neck.
  "I would shut up is I were you. You traitor!" He growled at him. But Dieter just laugh again even though he was having a hard time breathing.
  "Y-you had no idea what will happen to all of you soon. Yet you are wasting your time on me." He bark back. 
  "Zion let him go, I will explain everything later. But right now I need you to trust your Alpha." He didn't say anything and let him fall to the ground.
  "They are coming, quick put him back to his cell." Darren said, he was the one waiting outside to make sure no werewolf will know what we are talking about. Werewolves have a very sensitive ears so hearing us from a distance is not an issue.
  "I will return later, and this time you have to tell me what you know." I muttered, then put his collar back. This time I made sure he wouldn't be able to take it off.
  When we are done. Cameron and Harid came. Cameron had this smile on his faces. And just from his distance to mine, I can smell the metallic scent of blood coming from him.
  "Looks like someone had his fun." Cameron said, while staring at Dieter who look much worst because of what happened. His neck was bleeding because I tightened the collar around his neck.
  "What are you doing here?" I ask, ignoring his statement. He cleared his throat and gave me a huge smile.
  "Well we are here to tell you a news. Looks like your friends are probably dead by now. " I narrow my brow, not liking where he was heading to.
  "The Central Kingdom was attacked by Rogues, and it was destroyed. No one survived. Looks like no matter how strong the Royalties are they still couldn't handle them alone." He added, my heart started pounding at his words. The Central Kingdom? 
  "That can't be real right? They are one of the most powerful werewolves." Arren uttered, he always wanted to be part of the Central Kingdom. I always heard him muttering about it when we are all still together on our trainings.
  I remained silent and didn't say a word. They are both waiting for my response.
  "That doesn't matter anymore. What is important is our Pack." I mumbled, turning my back at them. 
  "Why can't you shut up?" I heard Darren scolding his brother. 
  "Okay then, I heard it was her doing." This made me stop my track. "She really need to die you know? " I clench my fist, my wolf was in rage. I can feel him imaging his head right in his mouth.
  "I know..." I uttered, then continue to walk away from them. The others followed me from behind. No one dare to talk until we reach the pack house. Tonight we will make our way towards Devon's whereabouts. 
  That night after Cameron and Harid left, I know they will start looking for her so we have to move faster than them.
  "We have to go." I muttered once they all arrived. 
  "What about Dieter?" Lindon ask, I know they are going to him and force him for information. So I wouldn't be able to take him with us.
  "We need to find her first. I'm not even sure if he was still alive by now." I uttered, he didn't say anything.
  "Let's go!" I shifted to my wolf, letting him loose feel so much better. He was wanting to crawl out of my skin since the day we arrived here. He was relentless this past few days.
  Lindon lead the way, he took us outside the border. To the deep mountain ranges.
  "Where are you taking us?" Zion voice whispered in our heads, right now we can hear everyone's voice.
  "To the top of the mountain, where we always go whenever's we wanted to hide from everyone." He explain. When I glance at the mountain that he was pointing. It looks so dark, like no one would even dare to come near it.
  "Wait that mountain is to dangerous, the rocks around it are to sharp and it was too stiff, so no one dare to climb it after it took to many lives." Claus said, I almost forgot that he once came here during his trainings. That's why he somehow knew the territory. "I never imagine myself returning to this place after he died." He added, Zion's pace became slow.
  So this is where his brother died, he returned again here to complete his training as a Beta that was also the time where Claus turned his back to the pack. He should be the Beta but he was to broken to fullfil his duty which pushed Zion's brother to take the responsibility which lead for a tragic end. I heard it was an accident that cause him to fell into the cliff of the mountain as he was saving someone.
  "It was her." Zion mumbled. I can feel his anger from where I'm standing.
  "It was her, I wouldn't forget that face when we take my brother's ash." He added. We all remained silent after that.
  Lindon took us somewhere along the mountain, we entered a cave and he told us that it was a secret passage to the top. The trek itself is not even easy even though this is the easiest and fastest way to reach the top according to him. I can't even imagine 3 kids climbing this way.
  When we almost see the top, Lindon stop for a minute.
  "Be careful around here. We put some traps here just in case some tried to come here." We all look at him with disbelief.
  "Are you for real? Just seeing this place make me even don't want to be near especially climb it." Arren uttered, we all just ignored him and followed Lindon's steps. We shifted back to our human form because it would be easier to avoid the traps.
  When we successfully got out, we were welcome with a place full of blooming flowers. Now I know why they kept coming back here. The top is filled with flowers and trees, it was dark yet the light coming from the moon makes the place look so magical. And right below the biggest tree was a woman standing with her back on us. Her strawberry blonde hair was flowing at the direction of the wind.
  "I know you will come." She turned around and her eyes widen. She was staring at me? No, she was staring at the person behind me. When I turn to look at who he was looking at it was Zion. Who had the same expression as her.
  "We both know that you knew why Rion betrayed the pack." Lindon's voice broke the silence. And she shifted her gaze towards Lindon.
  "It's been a while Lindon and I am happy to see you too." She muttered, not even a coldness in her voice.
  "Devon, the former Alpha took you into the South pack and you are the last person with Rion when his father died. What happened then?" I ask, now her gaze was focus on me. She had this look on her face that I cannot explain.
  "You are one of us." She mumbled, just like what her brother said. I didn't say anything. "Looks like they weren't aware yet." She uttered, pertaining to the 4 people behind me. I didn't have time to tell them anything.
  "Well just like you, Dieter and I where taken. They took us to the Island when we were still human." Someone gasp when they heard that. I was sure it was Zion. "They killed both our parents and took us in. They started experimenting on us like we are some kind of lab rats. Giving us bloods from who knows where they got it from. I even heard them saying something about Lycans that time." She mumbled then stared at me but didn't say anything about it and just continue her story.
  "The Faction didn't care even if other kids die because they cannot take the shift. I remember the first time we shifted, we were 10 that time. And a normal werewolf won't be able to shift unless they were 16 but to us it was earlier than that. Because we are partly human our body is not ready to shift which cause the life of the others. Dieter and I were one of the successful one who passed the shifting. We were taken by Rion's father then. Unlike the other Alpha's he was kind enough to let us somehow experience a normal life. He let us be adopted by this lovely family. But everything change when he arrived once more. I don't know his name but that night when Rion's father died, that was the first time I saw him." She stops then hugged herself. Like she was recalling an event that she wanted to forget. 
  "I saw him killed Rion's father with his own bare hands and left before the hunters arrived but what shocked me that time is Rion's uncle was only watching from a distance. He just watch his brother get stabbed by the Hunters to make sure that he was dead. Then Rion soon arrived but he was already too late. That was the time when I saw his uncle again, I cannot forget his face because he was always with Rion's father every time he went to the Island. And ynlike his father, his uncle was scarier. He threatened both me and Dieter that he will kill our new family if I will say a word to Rion about his father's death. I didn't dare to say anything to him after that." She stops then gaze at us. Her eyes were full of sorrow and sadness.
  "The my sister died the same day she shifted. I was the first one who found her dead body. She died because someone strangle her to death." I can see the shift in her body as it tense.
  "But then I saw something in her body that no one dare to investigate. Her private part is bleeding, and I confirmed my suspicion when I saw a bite mark in her inner thighs. Some was to eager to claim her. And the only person who have that urge is non other tha-" she didn't finish her sentence.
  "Rion." Lindon mumbled, she cannot contain her tears anymore and she started weeping. Her cry was showing how angry she was.
  "Because we are from a low ranks, they turned blind with what he did and let it slide. They didn't even let anyone know that she was the next rightful Luna." She wipe her tears harshly and look away.
  "Rion betrayed the Factions because I told him everything. I told him what happened to his father. I saw how his whole world crumbled when he found out everything. The look on his face was enough for me to watch him suffer for the rest of his life for what he did" She laughed at the thought she had in her head.
  "Why didn't you tell me about it." Lindon muttered, she glared at him full of hatred.
  "You wouldn't believe me anyway, you are all too blind." She mumbled and turned her back on us.
  "It was just unfortunate that we have to meet like this..." She whispered the turned around and gaze at Zion who is frozen on his feet.
  "Mate."

###chapter 64: Lindon
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I was surprised to hear her muttered those words. Zion was completely silent the whole time.
  "I don't know why you all came here but I wouldn't help you." She muttered, she was trying to stop herself from staring at Zion but she cannot help it. I know that too well.
  "You brother is in prison." This made her stop. She look surprised at the news.
  "What? He have nothing to do with the rogues." Her words came out angrily. So he was telling the truth that time.
  "I was the one who provoke Rion to the rogues because that was the only way for us to be free from the faction. I didn't know this would happen." This time she cannot hide her trembling body. 
  "I just want him to live a normal life that's why I left." She added, her eyes was starting to water again. I glance at Zion but he was looking away.
  "They suspect that both of you are involved. And they will do everything to get you out of your hiding place." Lindon said, she look at him with disbelief.
  "I cannot let that happened. Lindon you have to save him. He was innocent. If I have to go back just to exchange his place I will." She said fully determine.
  "You know that they will kill you both even if you confess that you are the only one involved with the Rogues. They killed the others already." This time she fell to the ground.
  "I only did what he have told me to do. He said that once I help him get Rion to take her with him, he will help me and Dieter be free from the Factions grip." Lindon came closer to her and pulled her into his arms.
  "I'm sorry, I didn't know what you all been through even though we all grow up together." He mumbled, while stroking her hair to calm her down.
  A loud growl erupted in the air, and it was coming from Zion. I almost laugh at his reaction, because I have that same reaction whenever some touch her. When he realized what he have just done he turned his back on us and told us that he will wait for us at the entrance of the cave.
  "Someone is jealous." Arren mumbled. I even heard Zion muttered the word shut up before he completely left.
  Now we have to know why the faction started experimenting with human kids like us before. Something is telling me at the back of my mind that I already know the reason. I can only think of the Lycans, Belerick have the same purpose before. He wanted power and the first thing for that to happen is have his own army of Lycans who are the most mystical creation of the Moon Goddess.
  I came closer to her, she was still crying but she was more calmer this time.
  "You said you heard them talking about the Lycans. Can you tell me everything you heard?" She look at me confuse but then nodded her head.
  "It was during the night after our first shift, before they took us to the South I heard them saying that we are far from being a Lycan. They even said that the blood inside us was not enough to turn us into a complete Lycans. And mentioned someone named Belerick? Who knows where the blood of the Lycans is located. That was all I heard because they took us away that time." Belerick, just hearing his name made me clench my fist.
  So they know him!
  "Looks like you all got here first." We all turn our heads towards Cameron and Harid. Cameron was dragging Dieter in his left hand. He was unconscious while Harid was pinning Zion's arms.
  I didn't even notice them coming. And before we could react someone appear behind their back.
  "How disappointing my Grandson. I know you are planning something but you surprised me with this." Hunter was smiling at me. How did he know we were here.
  My eyes snap at Lindon who stood up and walk towards them. You traitor!
  "You did a very good job Lindon. I will make sure that you will be the next Alpha." He mumbled, I gritted my teeth.
  "Thank you Elder, I just did what I have to do for the Faction." I was about to rush forward. But someone stop me. It was her, she was shaking her head.
  "If you try to attack them. They will kill them both." She mumbled, her eyes were focus on Zion and Dieter.
  "Lindon you bastard! I know we couldn't trust you in the first place!" Zion shouted, but then Harid used his knees to hit Zion right in his stomach. Which made him crouch in pain.
  "Now, be quiet Zion. I wouldn't want to get more upset than I am now." Hunter mumbled. His eyes were directed at me.
  "Are you going to kill us now?" I muttered and he started laughing. Arren help Devon get up and we all stood there facing them. The other Elders were no where to be found.
  "Of course not. We both know you are an important key towards our plan." He mumbled, I didn't say anything. What is he planning now.
  "Oh common Dwayne don't be like that. I know who you really are or should I call you Aiden? To lessen the confusion." My eyes widen at his words. The others look surprised except for him and me.
  "So you knew all along." I mumbled, he nodded his head.
  "At first I didn't know about it, but when I saw you for the second time after you fully grown. I know I can't be mistaken. I wouldn't forget your face, because you were there during the second war." How come I didn't saw him that time? But then I remember something. There was a child among the faction that time. I almost didn't notice or remember it if not for today.
  "See, I told you I know your little secret. Especially about the Lycan blood that you and the other Royalties have." He said, I didn't say anything.
  "Oh, and don't try to fight me Dwayne. I still have your mother. If you don't want anything bad to happen to her you will come to us quietly." I clench my fist at his words. He even tried to blackmail me.
  "Now please take that girl, we still need her alive in order to find those bastards. " Someone from Cameron's group walk towards us and pulled Devon's arm. 
  "Hey let go of me you jerks!" She tried to yank her arm away but it was no use.
  "Don't touch her!" It was Zion looking deadly. I shake my head at him. Telling him not to fight.
  "I can't believe you did this Lindon! I hate you!" She spit on Lindon's face but he just wipe it off and smiled.
  "You know how hard it was to live in the low ranks. And even after I became a Beta they still look down on me, snickering behind my back and now once I became their Alpha I'll make sure that they will pay for looking down at me. " He uttered, she started laughing at him.
  "I wonder if your father will be proud after knowing what you have done." And with that she received a loud slap from Lindon. This time Zion cannot contain himself, letting out a loud growl.
  "I told you not to touch her!" His words were deadly, his breathing hardened, as his wolf ready to come out.
  "Zion no!" I shouted but I was already too late.
  He shifted to his wolf, attacking the first werewolf beside him. He bite his shoulders before he could even react and throw him to the cliff.
  Claus step forward this time. "Are you just really going to let them threatened you?" He uttered looking at me from his shoulders.
  "Alpha, just say a word and we won't think twice." Darren mumbled, then stood beside me. Arren nodded his head and took Darren's side.
  "Alpha or not, we will stand by your side to protect our Alpha." Arren uttered, I shake my head not believing what I'm hearing from them. 
  Zion's wolf was standing right in front of us. Devon was now being held by Lindon. 
  "Zion, do as you please." I mumbled, his wolf smirk, letting our another warning growl. 
  "You made a big mistake Dwayne." Hunter mumbled, he was glaring at me.
  "I should be the one saying that." And with that I shifted to my wolf. The others followed. His pupil widens when he finally saw my wolf. 
  Harid and Cameron quickly shifted along with their people. Their wolf are almost the same as mine but mine is still bigger.
  Zion quickly rush towards Lindon who is now holding Devon in his arms. But before Zion reach him one of their werewolves jump to stop Zion. But knowing him, he just jump behind him and scratch his back using his claws. Claus used this diversion and attack Harid but Harid was fast enough to dodge it. 
  "Be careful, they are still Alpha's." I reminded them all, they all nodded their head and shifted their attacks. This time Claus is fighting Harid with Arren. While Darren was Helping Zion. We are outnumbered by them. 
  I scan the whole grounds looking for the only person in mind. But he was nowhere to be found.
  "Looking for someone?" Cameron voice, I turn around to see him walking towards me.
  "I wouldn't want to waste my time with you Cameron." He just laugh at my words, among them Cameron was the happy go lucky, just like the people of the West. You may think that they are harmless among the Faction, but that was all wrong they are very cunning and troublesome.
  "You know Dwayne I always find you interesting. I always want to fight you and see what you really got behind your sleeves. But then I found out that you are reincarnated? That made me more obsessed with the idea of fighting you." He started laughing. His wolf was snarling at me. Showing me his canines. 
  I wonder how much information do they know. I remember what he said about the Central Kingdom being attacked. I'm sure they are also behind it. And it seems like he have read my mind and just blurted out my thoughts.
  "Oh by the way, we attacked the Central Kingdom. Of course, we killed everyone. But then your friends made it really hard you know? If it weren't for that thing we wouldn't even last against them. But then thanks to him we were able to get what we need." He stop for a second then. "I think one of them died during that time?" He added, this time I cannot stop myself and rush forward.
  I quickly aim for his abdomen but he dodge it before my claws could even landed on him. He then move his head to bite me legs but I kicked him. He stumbled on the ground. Shaking his head when he stood up. 
  I used this chance to jump behind him. I landed right on top of him, pinning him on the ground, my weight was resting on his back while my legs are right between his, making sure he wouldn't be able to move. He tried biting my neck but he failed and this time I bite his right shoulder, he let out a loud whine, I let my canines dig deeper into his flesh. Feeling the metallic taste of blood in my mouth. My wolf smirk, thinking that he was nothing but words.
  I'm sure once I let him go, his shoulder will have a permanent scar in it. When I was about to move to his neck another wolf went flying towards me. A loud thug erupted in the air as we both landed on the large tree. It was Arren, I push him aside. His wolf was bleeding heavily. I glance at them Zion was also cornered by Lindon and the other Darren was already back on his human form. Zion was now protecting him from the other wolves. While Claus was still fighting Harid. 
  I look at Cameron's direction, he was now back on his feet. If we continue to fight them, one of them will end up dying for sure. And I cannot let someone die again because of me.
  "Arren, make sure to get the others to run away from here. Claus and Zion can still make it. You all have to get out of here." I mumbled, he shifted to his human form and stared at me with disbelief.
  "Save your energy, make sure to do as I say." He wanted to argue but then nodded his head.
  This time I rush towards Zion, I attack the first wolf that caught my eye. They didn't notice me and were all surprised to my sudden attack. I glance at Zion.
  "Get Devon and Darren, then get out of here." He was surprised by my sudden appearance but nodded his head. Lindon was about to stop him but I blocked him.
  When I'm sure Zion got Devon and Darren, I used my body to blocked their attack. I snap the head of the other wolf that I caught and swing him in the air, making him land at Lindon who was already heavily injured because of Zion. Arren was now moving towards Claus. Harid was too distracted with my sudden intrusion with their fight. Before they realize what we are planning I was already in front of them all.
  Arren and the others were already running towards the entrance. Harid was about to stop them but then Hunter suddenly show up again. I didn't even saw him earlier.
  "That's enough Harid, let them. We already have what we need." He uttered while smiling at me. "You did the right choice." He added, My wolf does not like my idea but ended up giving up.
  I shifted back to my human form.
  "Make sure to leave them alone." I muttered, he just nodded his head.
  "Of course, now you have to come with us." He ordered someone to chain me. 
  "Are you really just going to leave them like that Elder?!" Cameron voice was full of rage as he glared at me. He was mad about his shoulders.
  "Enough Cameron! He was more than enough." He mumbled, pointing at me.
  "That's enough Cameron, the Elder is right. If you continue fighting against him. You won't be standing here anymore." He didn't say anything and just walk away. Harid was also full of bruises, but compare to Cameron who almost lost his arms, his bruises was nothing.
  "Let's go back now."
  We all started walking back down the mountain, but then a loud howl made me stop my track. 
  I smirk when I finally realized who it was. Looks like they made it...

###chapter 65: Start
  Eliot's P.O.V 
  "Are you sure this is the right thing to do?" I pulled Clint's arms unsure why the hell did he let the Faction do this to us.
  "We have to obliged, you know the rules." He mumbled, It's been weeks since we left. The Central Kingdom was already aware of the situation. They all wanted to retaliate but Clint forbid them.
  "What about Klaire?" This made him stop and turn to face me. His eyes were blank just like how Klaire. They are really siblings in this lifetime.
  "Right now we won't do anything." A loud crash caught our attention.
  "So they decided to show their true intentions." Clint uttered, staring at the entrance towards the inside walls. 
  "Are you saying the Rogues are here?" I ask unsure, he shakes his head.
  "The Faction." He mumbled, then Yustef show up out of nowhere. 
  "The Elders are here." He announced, I glance at Clint. He look calm and not surprised at all. Did he know all about this all this time?
  "Get everyone out. I will handle them." He muttered, but something about him feels off. I can feel the pressure radiating around him. 
  "Let's go!" Yustef pulled me, but before we left I turn to where Clint is and he was still standing there.
  "He will be alright. You know Clint is now the closest to Klaire after Dwayne." Yustef mumbled, while we run towards the residence. 
  "I know, where is Noah?" Yustef pointed out at Noah, who is busy helping the other citizens. 
  We all froze when a huge explosion open the main entrance. Showing thousands of werewolves. The faction really made sure to outnumbered. Central Kingdom is not an easy pack to destroy and the Faction is fully aware about that. 
  I look at Noah and Yustef who are also staring at the direction that caught my attention. A weird feeling of power was coming from there. And when I finally saw who their was. Clint was already in front. I didn't even felt his presence nor see him come there.
  "You made the wrong move." Clint uttered, his eyes were directed towards the 3 elders. Where is the other one? 
  "Common Clint, the ruling of the Central Kingdom is already long gone." One of them uttered. This time I was sure it was from the West. I remember his name was Vincent.
  They started firing some fires on us. Burning the houses, I clench my fist. Good thing we are almost done taking the elders and childrens out. Clint dodge the fire aiming from him. 
  "Seriously? Are they even werewolves, they are using such equipments." Noah uttered, staring at the big cannon that are at the back.
  "Careful, those have wolfsbane mixed in it so the smoke can affect us somehow." Clint appeared behind us. How can she even move faster than before?
  "I'm on it." Yustef whispered, I shake my head at his crazy idea. Some of our warriors are already fighting against them. But still they are quite a lot. 
  "Make sure to destroy them all and get back here fast." I uttered, he just smiled at me. Oh! I know that smile. He was really enjoying this.
  "Shall we handle the rest?" Noah shrugged his shoulders then we all shifted. Yustef went ahead first, not even stopping for them. 
  Our silver-white wolf was standing out of the crowd of werewolves. This is harder than expected. All you can hear is the snapping of bones, crashing of bodies, some cry. I cannot even explain what is happening around me. I just kill who ever caught my eyes. 
  I can smell the blood mixing in the air but then something made my chest hardens, it was like I was suffocating and when I glance around me I wasn't the only one experiencing it.
  Wolfsbane!
  I turn to where the Elders are and they are smiling wickedly. They are even letting their warriors die.
  Yustef need to get those machines down. But then something unbelievable happened.
  Another set of werewolves appears and this time they were the shadow ones. They were heading our way but what surprised me is that they didn't attack us. They attack the werewolf behind me.
  "What on earth is happening?" One of the Elders said. Feeling the same surprised and confusion.
  I look at Clint's direction and he didn't seems surprised at all.
  I'm sure it was him! Galaz abilities is to created this shadow like figures that can suck your life and devour you after.
  He was the only one who is behind the shadow wolves. He devour his prey which makes him even stronger. 
  "Calm yourself Royalties." We all turn our heads to Galaz. He was still wearing his hood around his head but something is different. His bandage are all gone showing us his face. No scars, or wounds in it.
  "It looks like you can't even handle them alone." He muttered, his voice was full of arrogance. I just hissed at him.
  "What the hell are you doing here?" He put his hands in the air.
  "Relax! I'm here because she told us to." My eyes widen at his words. I know he was talking about Klaire.
  "I would like to have fun with you right now but we need to finish this leaches first. " He glance at the direction of the Elders who are glaring at us. "It's been a while since I had my fun like this." He added.
  And with that his shadow shallow the bunch of werewolves completely. I didn't even had time to react. The smell of blood and burning woods filled the air. As well as the scream and growls of the pack members. Just how far did they have in their bloods. 
  ***
  When I open my eyes we are inside the a castle. Galaz was sitting at the chair sipping some wine when I woke up. I turn to look over my shoulders and found the others. Clint was t in the air by the same thing from earlier. Yustef was completely locked up only his face can be seen. He was glaring at Galaz direction and Noah he was still unconscious, both his hand and feet was tied up like mine. What the hell happened after the attack?
  "You are probably asking why you are all here." Galaz uttered, he glance at my direction then back to Yustef and Clint. "Okay, so now one will talk. Then I'll tell you anyway. We don't want you to interfere with our Business here. As you all know at this moment we will burn down all the Factions. But this is just a start up." He added then took another sip of his wine.
  "Are you planning on killing us?" I muttered. He shake his head, clicking his tongue as he lean forward. Resting his hand bellow his chin. 
  "We could actually do that right now, but she doesn't want to. Right now we want the Factions to experience what happened to us. How it felt to see your love ones dies and you can't do anything about it. We will just take their childrens and kill some of their pack members. Nothing more nothing less just a little number." He then shrugged his shoulders. Just what is really happening?
  "Where is she?" Clint uttered ignoring what he just said. He still have that calm look on his face even though he was tied up.
  "Oh, you are still awake? So the poison that Ria created is still useless around the almighty Clint." So that's why we lost conscious.
  "Still haven't change huh." I look up to find Kariz, he still have the same look like before. "I'm glad you could all make it." He muttered.
  "What the hell are you planning Kariz!" Yustef uttered, trying to get away from his chains.
  "Relax! I wouldn't do anything. In fact Clint was fully aware of this matter." He mumbled then smiled at Clint. We all turned our head towards him and he just remained silent.
  What the hell is happening?
  "I will explain everything later." He mumbled, then stared at Kariz. "Now get us out of here." He added. Kariz told Galaz to take our chains off. 
  "Who knows you couldn't even free yourself." Galaz uttered, receiving a glared at Yustef. When he was done taking his chain off, he pulled Galaz collar.
  "I wonder if you could even smile after I beat your little wolf." Yustef muttered, Clint told him to stop and he hissed. Letting go Galaz who is smirking.
  "Now let's start the real party." Kariz mumbled. I remained silent, watching him remembering how we all first met him, and that time when we got out of that facility. I wonder if we really know who he was.
  We all build our own pack after that, starting up by finding our shelters. At first we found a small cave that's where we first settled in. Amara by that time is starting to show her power and it was growing as times go by. She then became our Alpha. 
  "Aris are you sure you are going?" Kariz mumbled, after all this time Kariz and I became closer. He was the same age at Mulac but he was there before all of us. We just found out that he was locked up into a different place before they took us. 
  "I have to find a place where we could all live with hiding from them anymore." He sniff, then wipes his tears. As I stared at him longer he somehow had a slight resemblance of Klaire but his scars still cover half of his face and can't be healed anymore.
  "You promise you will come back?" I patted his head and smiled at him. He was the only one who didn't show any changes after everything they did to us.
  "Of course I will, you just have to stay here and look after Amara." He frowned at my statement.
  "You know that she was way stronger than me." I smiled at him and brush his hair.
  "You are strong always remember that." We bid our last goodbye before I went outside to where Calixto and Afreo is waiting. 
  We will search some place where we could finally lay low. At this age we can finally shift into our wolves and when we reach a place where we can avoid the packs and humans, we all end up in the center continent. It was a place where humans and werewolves avoid because of the danger around it and we found it as the perfect place for all of us. It took us years to reach the place and finally when we got back everything change.
  Amara was still the same but something is different about her. She was starting to become occupied. We can't seem to talk to her like how we used to? She was like a complete different person not even Aiden can only Kariz can stand beside her that time. I tried asking Kariz what happened when we are gone and he just answered us nothing. Even Aiden can't answer our questions.
  And then it happened, one day Amara went missing and when she came back she was covered with blood. All her body was completely covered with blood and the next day she had no idea about it that happened twice and when she ask her again it was like she completely forgotten about what just happened. After that we kept watching her, making sure that if she was going somewhere, someone should be with her. Kariz was the only one who could stick up with her. And so they became closer even Aiden was starting to get pissed because of it but he can't do anything about it.
  Then it all change when Kariz went missing, and that was the third time Amara came home with blood all over her. At first we thought she might be connected to why Kariz was missing but the scent of blood is different. It wasn't his and not even a bit of his scent was around her. 
  After that day our lives completely change...

###chapter 66: 2 years
  Amara's P.O.V
  When we returned, Kariz was already waiting at us in the entrance. I glance at Galaz, did he snitch? He look guilty.
  "I have to tell him. Because I have no other choice." He muttered, trying to defend himself. I didn't answered him and walk pass him. Kariz pull my arms when I reach him.
  "You know how dangerous it is to go back there." He mumbled, his grip was tighter than I expected.
  "I have to confirm something." I answered back and pulled my arms away from him.
  He didn't say anything and just let go of my arm. I went straight to my so called room and while I was on my way I bumped into Ria.
  "Had some fun with your stroll?" She mumbled, I ignored her and she did what Kariz just done earlier. She yanked my arms back. But before she could even utter a word. I pinned her in the wall, she grunts upon the impact.
  "Don't try to pissed me off or I will make sure you wouldn't be able to used you hands next time." I warned her before letting her fall. She started coughing. 
  "Woah, someone is pissed." I heard Ali 's words before I entered my room.
  I closed the door and let myself fall in the bed. I just stared at the ceiling the whole time.
  Remembering what I just witnessed earlier. I clenched my fist, just remembering it making me want to smack their faces.
  This damn emotions when I was Klaire is still here. I want to shake them off but everytime I saw him I can feel all my walls falling. Just like before.
  The way those green-blue eyes first approach me when I was alone in the shitty cage. He was the only one who showed me kindness that time yet he was also the one aho destroyed my everything.
  2 years before they woke up I found out everything. That Belerick was the one who killed both my parents. He wanted me because I'm the only one who could successfully turned into a Lycan.
  They continue torturing me that time after they finally saw some improvements from me. I can still feel the cold metal that they used in my skin.
  Flashback 2 years after Amara woke up in the facility.
  When I open my eyes, a blinding light welcome me. Am I dead? I smiled at that thought, thinking that finally I was able to be free but to my disappoinment Via's face showed up.
  "Can you see me? Amara?" Her voice sounded soft and worried. If only I didn't know her true intentions I will actually fall for her schemes.
  "Y-Yes." I muttered, feeling my throat a bit sore. She gave me a glass of water as soon as she notice me having a hard time speaking.
  "Here, drink it slowly." I was sure that it was a glass of water at first but then when I glance at it again it was nothing but blood.
  My eyes widen when I realize I just drink that blood. The glass slip in my hands letting out a loud crash as it shattered on the floor.
  "What is wrong?" She look surprised at my reaction. I hurriedly climbed out of the bed pulling out whatever wires that are connected in my body.
  "W-why would you give me blood!" I shouted when I reach the far corner of the room. She glance back at the glass then back to me.
  "What are you saying? It was water. Look at it again." She mumbled, I continue to close my eyes refusing to see that red liquid again. 
  Remembering all my dreams while I was asleep made me more trembled.
  "Amara, it was not blood. Trust me it was water." She assured me. I open my eyes hesitantly and slowly glance back at where the glass feel. And just like what she said it was water.
  "I think you are just shocked after sleeping for so long." She uttered. Then she instructed her people to start cleaning up the messed and bring me another class of water.
  This time I refused her offer, I was afraid to see it turned into blood again. She watches me with hesitation but ended up agreeing.
  "Okay, now I want you to rest for a while before I bring you your dinner." I didn't say anything, wishing that she will leave me alone if I didn't answer and soon enough she finally decided to left.
  I glance around me and notice that I wasn't in the same white room before. It was still a room but this time the walls was obviously made of mirrors. I can't see the outside but I am sure someone is watching me.
  I pulled the blanket on me and decided to sleep again but once I did, I fully regret it after.
  When I open my eyes I was again in the dark room and just like before. When I took my first step I was transferred into a mountain top of dead bodies. I was standing right above them. And unlike before this time I could see their faces clearly.
  I gasp when I realize who they are. No! This can't be. This is all just a dream, it wasn't real!
  But when I glance at my reflection from their eyes, I was completely covered with blood. But something is different, I don't look like myself. I was covered with this dark fur and my eyes were glowing like red rubies. And staring back at me is like a werewolf but was standing with only two feet. It was like a mixture of human and werewolf. And my hands. No! My claws are covered with blood. 
  "NOOOOOO!" When I finally woke up. An alarm is sounded making me want to rip my ears because of the noise. I can hear footsteps running towards my direction. And when I'm finally on my senses. My eyes widens, I stared at my little hands and they were covered with blood.
  What the hell just happened? I glance at the door and it was shattered to pieces like someone just completely destroyed it.
  Via came running towards me and when she notice the door her eyes widens. She look at me like I was some kind of freak. And for the first time I fear myself.
  "Get those body out." She mumbled, I wanted to peak outside but I was too afraid to face my assumption. What if it was really my doings? 
  When she finally came back, she look like she was contemplating on what to say. And when she look like she finally decided what to do. She slowly walk towards me.
  "Don't worry, everything is complete fine." She uttered, but the way her forehead sweat is telling me otherwise. I can even hear his heart pounding really fast at the moment. When I finally notice what she was about to do. It was already too late.
  She pulled a syringe and before I could even react I was slowly losing conscious.
  "How can you let this happened?" I know it was Via's voice.
  "We also aren't sure Ms. Via, this walls are made to make sure she wouldn't be able to used her abilities. We made sure of it." Someone answered, I wasn't sure who it was.
  "Just make sure this wouldn't happened again or else." That was the last thing I remember before I completely fell into a deep slumber.
  Soon enough I woke up into the familiar coldness, I was back again into a cold cell, but this time I was nowhere near from our old dungeon. It was damp and cold place. And when I tried to move a sharp object scratch my neck. It sting, I was chained. Both of my arms and legs plus the collar in my neck. 
  "Finally you are awake." I glance up to see a pair of gray eyes staring at me. He looks exactly like how I remember.
  "I haven't seen you in a while. And after what I heard last night I couldn't stop myself to come here and see you." His voice was full of excitement. i remember how excited I am to see him before but right now I don't feel anything but wanting to see his smash skull lying on the floor.
  "I hope you aren't having a hard time with those things all over you. Soon enough we will transfer you into another place. After we are done knowing everything about your newly awaken abilities." He muttered when he notice my neck already bleeding from the scratch earlier.
  "W-why are you doing this?" I couldn't help but ask, after everything I still want to have a little hope that I will be free after he was done with everything.
  "I can't answer that right now sweetheart. But just like what I said before once this are all finish you will be able to get out." I know part of me is felling me that he was lying but I couldn't think of anything else.
  "Where are the others?" I was finally able to ask for them. I wasn't sure what happened to them after I was take into the other room. I just hope they are all okay.
  "Oh don't worry, they are also just sleeping. Soon enough they will finally wake up. You will all be able to see each other." He answered. I felt my mood brighten up as I imagine all of us laying on the grass watching the clouds.
  "So you have to be a good girl. And do everything that we tell you to do. Because if not? You will never see your friends again." I couldn't stop myself to do nothing but nod my head. He smiled and pat my head. "Good girl." He said, before he finally left.
  After that I had no idea that I will start facing hell in their hands.
  They started pulling out blood samples from me then after putting me into a large cage letting out some uncontrolled werewolves who lost their humanity for a long time. And they force me to kill them all in order to survive. I almost get myself killed that time but ended up killing them all. The following day they did the same thing. But it became more worse as time goes by. 
  I hugged myself, not wanting to remember what I just experience with those werewolves. Then again my worst nightmare came running towards me. The keys jingling, making me crawl towards the furthest part of the cell.
  "Oh why are you looking at us like that. You know little girl you have to entertain us to make up from everything you have done to us. You know you are quite a pain in the ass." His words was full of malice. As he lick his lower lips. His eyes was staring at my body.
  "You know that they will kill us if we will do this." One of them mumbled, he look hesitant.
  "You pussy! You think they wouldn't kill us after everything? Why not make everything out of it." The largest man mumbled. "And beside she couldn't even do anything with all this chains. Did you forget what Carlos told us that night he tried? He just turned out to be a pussy and stop half way." He said, looking back at me.
  And with that the werewolf with him hold both my arms and legs. I tried to kick them and shout but no one came just like the other night.
  "Stop moving around you little witch." He pulled his belt out and unzip his pants. I stared at them with complete horror.
  "Noooo! Please!" My voice sounded like a quiet cry. I cried and cried pleading them but they didn't listen. Why can't I used my abilities if I had any!
  When they are finally done I remained there quiet, laying on the cold ground. Wishing that I will finally die.
  "See I told you." He uttered, this made completely enraged. I slowly lifted my naked body. They are still getting dressed so they didn't see me.
  I can feel my whole body feeling light, and before I know it I was devouring them. Ripping then to pieces. I can hear their shouts. They are muttering the word monster.
  When I finally regain my senses back I was completely covered with blood, with only some bones and flesh remains around me as well as their clothes rip into pieces.
  And for the first time I smiled to myself as I saw the crimson color all over me.

###chapter 67: Kariz
  Amara's P.O.V
  Galaz entered my room with uneasy look on his face. I'm still annoyed at him for telling Kariz about last time we went to the north pack.
  "What?" I couldn't stop myself to ask. He let out a sigh unsure if he should tell me or not.
  "I'm not sure if how will you react to my news but I guess you need to know?" He said, now his starting to get into my nerves
  "Are you going to talk or not?" He let out a deep sigh then took a step towards me.
  "The Central Kingdom is about to get attack." I remain silent and he just stood there watching how I will react. I know they are still fully aware of the fact that I still cannot shake my emotions as Klaire.
  "And it looks like the faction already decided to finally show their true intentions." He continue, and again I still didn't say anything.
  "And right now we will head to the Central Kingdom to help them." Now I'm nothing but confused. Help them? I thought they want them dead?
  "I know you want to ask why, but I wasn't sure myself. Only Kariz know what is happening. He even told us to keep it from you but I don't want you to end up strangling me like Ria." So he saw that? Why didn't he stop me? Anyway I didn't say anything.
  "You may go." I muttered then turn my back at him. "I don't care about them anymore." I'm not sure if I was convincing him or I was convincing myself.
  "Okay then. I'll see you in a few days." I'm not sure how they will get there, but after staying with them for weeks. I can say their abilities are not far behind from ours.
  I jump to my bed trying to stop myself from following them but then I cannot stop it. I pulled myself up and was about to open the door when Kariz suddenly show up.
  "I know you will do this. You still haven't change at all Amara." I ignored him but he grab my arms and pulled me back to my room. Now I'm sure he was really like me. The way he pull me is not like the ordinary strength of a normal werewolf. And as I stay with him I never saw him turned into a werewolf.
  "Don't stop me Kariz!" I warned him. He didn't even budged at my words and just pulled a chair with his other hand and force me to take a seat.
  I glared at him, still his hands was still in my arms.
  "Seriously Kariz what the hell is happening? I thought I could trust you but right now you are leaving me in the dark!" I cannot stop myself for showing how pissed I am. With everything that happened to me all this past few months I was even surprised that I was still sane.
  "We need them, I didn't mention this to you but in order to be fully awake you need all your given blood back." My eyes widen with disbelief.
  "That could kill them!" I muttered, he shake his head.
  "They won't die, but they could lost their wolves and become a normal human. In the first place your blood made them werewolves." I don't know what to say after hearing all of that.
  "What about you? Are you also going to give back the blood that you received?" He didn't say anything and turn his back on me. He went towards the open window. By the look of it Galaz already left.
  "You may not believe what I'm about to say but I don't have your blood because in the first place I don't need it. " I frowned at his words. I know he wouldn't see my expression but I couldn't help but frown.
  "I don't understand." I said, unsure what he mean by that.
  "You already saw what happened during the first war. How can you forget it?" Is he talking about what I saw in my dreams during the time where Vicky took me into the glass cage?
  "I only remember a few glimpse of it." I uttered, I only remember how Belerick killed my mother and father then he took me and started the experiments.
  "Let me show you again." Before I could even react he was already a few inches away from me.
  I was pulled back into the same castle as before. But this time it wasn't the time where Belerick killed them. 
  "This is where it all started." I almost jump when Kariz suddenly spoke behind me.
  There are two man in front of us. I'm quite sure it was Belerick and Elijah. They are heading towards a cave, we followed them until we reach a magnificent place. It was glowing with all those crystals. And at the center of it was a light coming from the moonlight. Probably from cracks around the cave.
  "Why are we here again?" I know this place, this is the place where they first met Amira. My mother who is the guardian of the Lycans blood. 
  "As you already know they took the blood from the fountain. But look closely." I gasp when I finally notice a figure standing just above the fountain. I saw this before... 
  I slowly move backwards, wanting to get away from here.
  "You know what that is right?" I glared at him. Why would he take me here.
  "I'm not sure. I-I don't know!" I shouted and ran outside the cave. He followed me. The image of that beast came flooding in my head, ruby eyes, canines that are bigger than a normal werewolf. And that deadly stared, and what worse is that I can feel his blood thirst.
  "You have to stop being Klaire!" I'm not sure why but I felt something when he touch me. A familiar feeling, this is the first time I felt this.
  "I'm not!" I mumbled and pulled myself out of his grip. 
  "You already know what I showed you. I know you already saw it before." I shake my head, I remember the exact dream I had. I wasn't even sure if that was a dream or not. "Because I also saw it. No! It was actually me who looks exactly like that being." He muttered, making me stop my track.
  "What are you talking about?" This time I was transferred into the exact time before Belerick killed my parents. Then I notice the baby bump on my mother's belly. I know she was pregnant that time but she died meaning that baby which is my sibling also died. 
  Just like what I saw before Belerick killed them and took me but before he left. One of the former Elders called for him. 
  "She was still breathing my Lord." I put both my hands in my mouth. Why didn't I saw this before.
  Belerick smiled wickedly and told them to take her with them. And again we are transferred into another place. This time it was a dark cave like cell. And there she was bleeding heavily while shouting for help. She was about to give birth.
  I couldn't stop myself but cry, as I watch her gave birth by herself. Her cry was hammering in my ears. I glance at Kariz and for the first time again I saw the sad look on his face.
  When she finally deliver the baby, she took a cut off fabric from her clothes. And whispered something.
  "I'm sorry, I was not able to protect both you and your sister. I love you.." that was her last words before she finally took her last breath.
  I was still in tears, and when I glance again at Kariz he was back on his composure.
  "That was you... You are my brother." I mumbled and he smiled at me sadly.
  "Why did you not tell me?" He look at me with a sad smile.
  "I wasn't aware at first, and I couldn't tell you after I saw how you finally got a new life." He look away.
  "Then why did you kidnapped me?" I cannot stop myself but I can feel how afraid I was during that time.
  "I don't have a choice because I want to find a way to save you. And if I didn't the Faction will find you first." He explained, still I can feel my anger.
  "And to be honest I got mad, I was mad that you were able to start again and forget everything while I was here living every painful memories." I don't know what to say to him. Something inside me was sad and pitying him but on the other hand I was mad for doing all this things.
  "Why didn't you get old?" I know he wasn't reincarnated like all of us.
  "I wasn't sure myself. Everything about us is still confusing. Just like how our mother didn't get old after reaching our age. " Now nothing is making any sense at all.
  "I'm not sure how I should react with all this things but I'm glad your alive." I pulled him into a tight hug. Looks like I was actually not alone in my both two lives. I had a brother in my first life which is Kariz and in this life I have Clint.
  Clint! Now I can feel my worry back again, I have no idea what is happening outside this walls. Kariz made sure that I wouldn't hear any news from them because he wants me to be ready and by doing that I have to complete destroy all this emotions I have as Klaire.
  "Don't worry, we will make sure they will come back alive. And Clint won't let anything bad happened towards the others. He was your brother in this lifetime. So technically he was far more closer to your blood than the others." I don't know why but his words made ma calm. So this is why I suddenly felt a familiar feeling around him.
  I nodded my head.
  He left after we start to talk about everything that happened. He actually almost died before just like what he said, that is also part of the reason why I lost control. Because according to him we can feel each other. Like we are connected.
  During the second war where I also lost control, that was the time where he awaken. He didn't told me the details but it cause me to react that way because I couldn't control the sudden shift of our powers.
  We still don't know much about Lycans because their history was far buried before the werewolves was created. But then he told me that only one person can answer all our question.
  He didn't say who it was. But I know I shouldn't be impatient because right now I need to train both my body and mind to not get myself into that same situation where I let my inside Lycan control me.
  I let out a deep breath, staring at the dark scenery outside my window. Only the light from the moonlight gave me a comforting feeling. I glance down and saw Kariz, he was talking to some of the Rogues.
  I found out that this rogues are from the Factions before and they are accused as traitors which resulted to some of them to die. And some successfully escape.
  This place is hard to track because I myself don't know exactly where it was. This is also the reason why Kariz choose this place. He told me that he tried everything in his power to find this place and when he finally found it. He used it as his hiding place.
  A movement just across the lake caught my attention. I glance at Kariz and he was also staring at that direction. What are they doing here? My eyes were focus at the familiar face. How did they found this place? And suddenly I can feel my heart pounding. Did he order him to find me?
  Zion stared back at me when he notice me. What the hell is his beta doing here?

###chapter 68: Failed
  Amara's P.O.V
  I came down where Kariz was and found him with some bunch of black large panthers. But unlike the normal one this panthers eyes are red like rubies.
  "What are they?" They growl at me first but Kariz hush them. He was stroking one of them.
  "I found them once in the dark forest when I came looking for you. If I left them that time they will be dead by now. " He answered not even looking at my direction. Kariz was always fond of animals, just like before.
  "Did you also experiment with them?" This time he stop stroking them and turn around to finally face me.
  "I have no other choice of saving them." He mumbled, I didn't say anything and walk around his so called room. His room was completely destroyed, his roof was already nowhere to be found. Only a bed and a chair was present in his room. And by the look of it only the light coming from the moon gives light to this place.
  "Now that I remember, you told me before that the time where you died was the time you awaken your power that resulted by my blood." I forgot to ask this to him last night.
  "At first I thought that was the case. But then everything explains why your blood is not giving any reaction from me. Because we have the same blood running in our veins. And back when we are still in the facility, they also used the same black liquid to me. But they didn't saw any responses unlike to you." He said, I look up at the moon which is now giving us light into this dark place.
  "Then why did you attack the Faction? You could have just told us about all of this." He look away, I pat his shoulders. He seems tense about something.
  "I couldn't because that time, I was still in his control." His control? He turn around and gaze in my eyes.
  "Belerick found me that time where I almost died. And I have no idea how but he can control me like he was brainwashing me and I had no other choice but to believe him." Belerick, just hearing his name made my body tense.
  "But he was dead! We left him inside that burning facility!" I couldn't believe what I was hearing from him. I remember that time he was already unconscious and injured enough. And I was sure myself that he wasn't breathing anymore when we left.
  "That is what we thought, but he just suddenly appear in front of me. He told me to kill the warriors of the Faction and I did it even without his control because I was too enraged to even think. Then after that he told me everything, like how the faction know everything and were helping him before. I didn't want to believe him at first but when I saw the files that Via had in his house. I couldn't help myself but be mad. I became his loyal dog and did everything he wants, before I found out that he was the one who killed our parents. It was after I was taken into that place to witness everything." I know what he was talking about. He looks so sad yet angry at the same time.
  "After that I became so mad that I wanted to destroy them all." He added, clenching his fist. I can feel his power radiating around his body. 
  "And you will help me." He muttered, his eyes were now red as rubies. The red eyes I saw in my dreams.
  ***
  I woke up the next day to start training, Kariz told me that my physical strength right now will not be able to handle my power. That is also the reason why I alway fell unconscious after I used my power. So the next day he started training me.
  When I arrived, he was nowhere to be found.
  "Is this the reason why you left him?" I turn to see Zion, he still covered with bandage but his bruises was already about to heal in a matter of 2 days. He was quite a werewolf, knowing that his wounds aren't just some simple ones. Because by the look of it the faction was using wolfsbane. It was something that they probably develop because by the look of it the one who used this should have been dead by now. Especially if they are like him, a werewolf.
  "If it was just a simple matter like what you thought we wouldn't be like this. And beside did you forget that he was the first one who left me." I uttered then walk pass him. I don't wanna waste my time here.
  "Klaire you know that he regrets it." I haven't heard that name in a while. The last time someone called me with that name was during my time in the Island.
  "Klaire isn't my name." He stood there dumbfounded by my words. Now I know why he was reacting like this. "Looks like your Alpha didn't tell you anything." I mumbled, he frowned at my words.
  "What are you talking about?" I didn't say anything and continue walking.
  "You should ask him yourself." I mutter before I completely left him. Before I reach the old castle I came across a girl. She had a strawberry blonde hair and a pair of blue eyes. Our eyes met when we passed each other.
  I couldn't be mistaken, she wasn't a normal werewolf. I grab her arm making her stop. 
  "What are you doing?" She mumbled, I was right about it.
  "You are from that facility." Her eyes didn't seem surprised at my words.
  "Let me go!" I almost smile, she was feisty. What a strong personality. And with that two man came to her rescue.
  Zion who is now holding my risk and the other blonde one was holding my other arm. Making sure I was not able to do anything to her.
  "What are you doing!" Zion sounded mad, he was glaring at me and I can feel his wolf was about to crawl out of his skin. 
  "Let her go!" The blonde one uttered, interesting... Two werewolf who came from the same facilities. He had the same color of eyes like her.
  "Twins." I blurted out, they all just glared at me.
  "Don't worry, I wouldn't do anything to her." I let go of her hand. But Zion was still holding mine. 
  "I-I'm fine. Stop now!" Her eyes were directed to her brother but her words was for Zion.
  When he finally came to his senses. He even look more annoyed and ended up walking out.
  "Mates?" She look surprised, but then nodded her head.
  "WHAT?!" I almost laugh at his reaction, remember how Clint reacted when I told him I found mine. 
  "Why didn't you say it earlier? He was your mate yet he was treating you like you never exist?" I turn around and started walking away from them. 
  "They look energetic." Kariz mumbled, I glared at him. He always just keep popping out of nowhere. Our bond is still not like what a normal siblings had but it was better than before.
  "Why did you bring them here? Did you also save them like what you did to the others?" We are both watching the twins who are still arguing.
  "No, I had no plans on getting them into this. But one day I came across Devon, she was holding the dead body of her sister. That time I notice that she wasn't just a normal werewolf. I already knew she was from the Facility." So, she lost her sister. I glance at the laughing twins. They look so young.
  "She beg me to help her, in turns out they are a low rank werewolf and because of that they cannot have justice for her sister who was killed by her own mate." I look up at him, he had the same stern look on his face.
  "I used it as an opportunity to get inside the Faction. And there I was able to used Rion who is blinded by power." I told him to stop, I know the rest of the story. He used Rion to cause chaos in the faction which leads him to an opportunity to get a hold of me.
  "Why didn't you just took me by yourself, you've done it before and I know you could still do it now." He glance at me.
  "That is the problem, you may not be aware but you are using your power subconsciously. I tried it one time but then I wasn't able to even get close to you. Your abilities are growing everyday. And mine where rejecting your so if I stayed closer to you it may kill one of us." He uttered.
  "Then why are you able to stand next to me now?" If what he was saying was true then he should be dead by now or me.
  "That was the time where I used all my knowledge from the data we gathered from you which made my abilities to at least lessen the rejection of your abilities." So, that explains why he never dared to tell me about his identity. And why he usually don't come around me and just send Galaz to me all the time.
  "But why are we rejecting each other?" I can't stop myself from asking all this question.
  "You will know soon." And before I could even utter another word. He left already.
  Why couldn't he just say it now. 
  "You should show yourself now. I know you are there." I warned, he came out with his hands in the air.
  "I didn't mean to eavesdrop and even if I want to, I wasn't able to hear anything." He mumbled, it was Kariz doings. 
  "Who are you?" I know he was one of the werewolf who is with Zion.
  "I'm Claus, I was just about to go look around then I bumped into both of you." He explain, I can feel any lies in his words. So I will let him go this time.
  "I see. But you shouldn't just roam around like you are in a tourist spot." I muttered then started walking back to my room.
  By the look of it, Kariz don't have any plan to help me with my training today.
  When I entered my room, a shadow crow was waiting for me in my bed. I know it was Galaz.
  "What is it?" I touch it and it finally delivered the message.
  "We will arrive there by tomorrow." I don't know what to feel about his words but I'm sure this is all Klaire's emotions again. "But I have some news." His voice sounded hesitant.
  "Just say it." I mumbled. Feeling a bit uneasy. I don't know why but I can feel my heart pounding. I thought I was able to stop this? But guess not.
  "We failed." 

###chapter 69: Eliot
  Eliot's P.O.V
  Just how far did they have in their blood. Galaz level can actually match a normal Alpha. I watch as he smoothly swallow the other werewolves with one go.
  "Galaz this isn't something I have knowledge about." The newly arrive Ria mumbled, she was talking about the smoke that is mixed up with wolfsbane.
  "It was like some kind if toxins that focus on us. Look at the other werewolves, some of them rise again after they inhale it and lost consciousness.
  "Can you do something about it?" Ali uttered, he was already using his clones but the number of the faction"s armies keep coming.
  Clint already killed a lot of them but it was no used. Noah was also doing his best to control their wolves but our efforts is starting to be useless. Our pack members also help, and a lot of them already died because of exhaustion and they cannot keep up with a lot of werewolves coming their way.
  Yustef was already able to destroy one of the canons. He was taking far too long than expected.
  "We need to evacuate." I was stunned when I heard those words from Clint. Everything was like a silent blow, we all stood there watching the Central Kingdom being destroyed.
  "He was right, the wolfsbane is making us weaker if we continue to fight. We won't stand against them." Galaz uttered, when I look around all I can see if the body of our pack members, we killed a lot of the faction but we are outnumbered.
  "We need to go back!" Galaz shouted, he was talking to the rogues who came with them. Who would have known that they would end up helping us and that we will actually need they're help.
  "I need to get some samples." Ria said, while staring at the canons, Yustef was still there.
  "You cannot just go there Ria!" I'm pretty sure it was Ali's voice who said those words. We aren't close to each other but using Clint's abilities even though they are rogues we were able to communicate with them in our wolf form.
  "But I have to! This isn't something that I could just missed. " She answered back, they are far enough from me but because of my werewolf eyes I could see them clearly.
  "Have you notice your strength? You weren't even able to stand properly and if I didn't save you earlier you could have been dead!" He scold her. I ignored them after that, now wanting to hear their argument.
  I focus on the werewolf around me, they are completely smaller than my wolf but something about them doesn't make sense. I'm sure I was able to aim for their weak spot but they could still stand and attack me.
  Is this also the effect of that smoke? When I heard another loud explosion follow by a falling sound of metals, I'm sure that Yustef was able to destroy another canon. 
  "Be careful the Elders are nowhere to be found!" Yustef voice mumbled. "I couldn't see them after they entered the inside walls." He added.
  What are they planning this time? I shove the head of the werewolf in my mouth then attack the next one. All I can hear is the ripping sound of flesh followed by the overflowing smell of blood.
  We all stop when we heard a crying sounds inside the palace. Don't tell me they went inside while we were busy fighting here?
  "I was starting to get bored. So I paid them a visit." One of the Elders said it was Vincent. He had a wicked smile plastered in his face while he was holding a head. It was one of our pack members.
  "I was even expecting so much from all of you. Yet, I was so disappointed. Is this the result of the first experiment? What a waste of time." Uttered, I clench my jaw. 
  "Don't." Clint appear behind me, I didn't notice that he was this close already.
  "At this rate, everyone inside was already dead. And only few was left from our pack warriors." He mumbled, I know we could kill him.
  "We can't. You already feel it right? The effect of the wolfsbane was already starting to consume us." And now that he mentioned it, I can feel my inside heating us. I tried to ignore it but it was affecting my vision.
  "We cannot stay here any longer." Yustef appear, there was still some canon standing. "They have other canons behind them. They are using a special kind of wolfsbane. I tried to take one but as I tried to touch it. It burns my skin." He added, while staring at the Elder in front of us. "The other 2 Elders was also nowhere to be found. I think they are looking for something." He uttered, I don't like the words that is coming from their mouth.
  "We couldn't just left and let them get away." I mumbled, just imaging the image of the body of our pack members inside the palace is making me want to rip him open. They are only children and elders. Some of them are even pregnant. 
  "Eliot, this is not the time. We will get back to them but right now we need to fall back." I didn't say anything and remained silent. Clint gave a signal to our warriors to go to us. 
  "We will leave right now." He said, they all didn't say anything.
  "You all go, your highness. We will try to stop them if they try to follow you." One of them uttered.
  "No! You are coming with us!" I blurted out but they didn't say anything.
  "Our family and mates, as well as our children are already dead. We won't be able to attain the justice they deserve if you all ended up getting caught by them. So please... Do everything it take to let them pay." I couldn't uttered a word. Their eyes looks like they lost hope. And I couldn't blame them for that.
  "I understand, I will make sure that they will pay twice than what they took from us." Clint said, he was staring at their eyes. This is one of the few times I witness Clint like this. 
  "Now go." I nodded my head, and we all head to the secret passage. Vincent tried to stop us but they blocked him.
  "They wouldn't stand that long, so we need to move fast!" We all hurried our pace. Galaz was just behind me. 
  "Go to this way." Noah opened the underground passage. We haven't used this in awhile. When we got out the ocean was already waiting for us. 
  "Looks like we will go swimming." Ria uttered, we ignored her and pulled the hidden boat. It was a small boat that could feet only 8-10 people. And this area of the ocean was too dangerous. This is also the reason why we didn't let the pack members take this passage. Because it was connected to the dark forest. This is the forbidden area of the whole territory. Because once you got inside, you wouldn't be able to get out unless you actually know the way. Luckily Noah was able to find a way to get us to the exit. 
  But it will take quite some time to get there the time inside the dark forest was actually different from the normal hours. It was faster there, so if you got lost your time will be affected. You 1 week ther is only a day outside. But the exit that we will head right now is actually around the South Territory. So we still need to be vigilant.
  "Here wear it." We all slip into some clothes that are inside the boat, good thing Yustef made preparations before.
  ***
  When we finally got out, we are just outside the boderline of the south. It took us a week inside the forest but like I've said before the time is different from the outside. It was already night when we got out. And according to Noah, this is the shortest and safest route.
  We all lay on the ground when we finally reach the exit. The tour inside was not easy, our body was not able to adapt with the changes inside. The pressure around that place is complete crashing us. Also knowing the fact that our body is completely draining our energy because of that wolfsbane.
  "I can't feel my legs." Ria blurted out, she was looking pale.
  "Should I carry you?" Ali offer his help but she just rolled her eyes.
  "You are bleeding, and by the looks of it your wound won't get healed that easily." Ali was injured because some shadow like figures attack us. They are far from Galaz abilities. Because those things are like humans, they tried to lure you somewhere then start ripping you to pieces. Ali was lucky that he was able to wake up before anything serious happened to him.
  "I will carry you." Yustef suddenly uttered, making me stare at him with disbelief. Did he just really said those words?
  "Someone is coming." Clint suddenly uttered, we all stared at him. Follow by the footsteps.
  "Should I just killed them?" Ali uttered, Clint hush him. We all stood up and Yustef carried Ria just like what he said. 
  "Don't do anything. We don't want more commotion. And right now even a normal werewolf will end up giving us fatal wounds." I cannot disagree with him. I was expecting that the effect of it will soon vanish but it didn't. As time goes by it was still eating me up.
  "We need to get back fast. So I could start my study about this." Ria suddenly show up a red wolfsbane flower. It was the first time I saw a red one.
  "Where did you get that?" Ali ask.
  "To him. He was able to get one which is why we need to start going before this flower dies." She answered. Since when did they got this close? As far as I know Yustef hated her so much that even mentioning her name is enough to get him annoyed.
  "This way." Galaz said. We all didn't say anything and start heading to who knows where. I don't know why Clint was actually trusting them right now knowing that they are the enemy a few weeks by now. And right now they are acting like they are the good guys and came to our rescue.
  "Where are we going?" Noah blurted out as we run. We can't even turn to our wolf because they are the ones who are greatly affected by the wolfsbane.
  "To where she was." Galaz answer. "You wanted to see her right?" I know he was talking about Klaire.

###chapter 70: Pitiful
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  As soon as we reach the North, I was tied down and strip off my title as Alpha. My father looks at me with disbelief. I know he couldn't believe himself after knowing me, the son he once knew who wouldn't even dare to care about someone just to keep his title. But I change, I wasn't the same Dwayne I once knew. And to be honest I don't even know if which one is the real me. After knowing I was Aiden and now this. 
  Everything that is happening lately is full of non stop question.
  Sarah run towards me as soon as she saw me. She look worried yet mad at the same time. 
  "How could you do this to us?" Her words means nothing to me anymore. The look of hurt in her eyes doesn't even affect me. Not even the slight guilt of everything I've done and took to her. 
  "That's enough Sarah, get inside." My father pulled her away from me. I was looking for my mother but she was nowhere to be found. 
  Of course the whole pack knew about what happened, they all gathered outside waiting for my arrival as soon as they heard the news. I can hear they're disgust from where I'm standing. My wolf was quiet the whole time. I was starting to get worried because I couldn't feel him. And I couldn't blame him for being like this. This all happened because of me. 
  I glance at the only person who person who put me into this place. He was staring back at me. Blue-green eyes looks at me with nothing but emptiness. I couldn't even read his emotion. Hunter took a step forward and now that I notice the other Elders just also gathered around in front just like before.
  "Well you all know why we are gathered here today, as you are all aware of the Alpha of the Crescent moon pack, my own flesh and blood turned his back on us and betrayed us." He stop for a minute to look at my direction. His words means nothing to me now, I couldn't believe myself that I once wanted to succeed his position.
  "We are all really sad and disappointed about this news especially after the Alpha of the South Lake betrayed us and sided to the Rogues. And right now this happened. We caught him trying to help a missing prisoner who help Rion to his schemes escape with his underlings. They all attacked us and escape except for him." I couldn't help but smirk knowing that Zion was and the others are probably got away from here. That howling I heard was from Zion, it was something that we both do whenever we want to send a message to each other. Even though werewolves usually does it to locate each other, ours have a different from the normal one. It was something that only us knew. 
  "But you know, we don't want to end this evening with only negative news. As you can see the other Elders made a secret attack towards the Central Kingdom. Because according to our investigation, they are connected to the Rogues and we wouldn't want another betrayal to happened to us. So we made a step to destroy them all. And as a result we achieve our long awaited victory. The former respected Central Kingdom is now nothing but dust to us." The crowd started cheering. I remember Cameron's words, I clench my fist, gritting my teeth as I glared at all of them.
  Lindon was standing next to the Elders and what surprised me is the one standing next to him is the familiar face that I would never forget. He was wearing a cape that's why I couldn't see his face earlier but right now I could see it clearly, he was staring back at me with a smile in his face and right next to him is my mother who looks at me without any emotion written in her eyes. 
  "And before I ended everything, I would like to introduce to you all the important key who made all of this available. None other than the King himself. King Belerick." The crowd gasp with disbelief upon seeing him. He was only written in the Legend before. But I know who that was, he wasn't the real King, to be exact he was none other than Belerick.
  He pulled his cape down, I didn't notice this earlier but his hair was different, it has the same strands as Klaire. Silver white flocks that looks like the light coming from the moonlight. How did that happened? His eyes weren't gray anymore but red, rubies eyes that looks exactly like the color of blood. He died at the facility right? Just what happened when I lost consciousness?
  "I know most of you know me from just being in the books, but to tell you the real story. I was once the Beta of my brother, who is the Alpha. But he was also blinded by his mate and forget everything. I have no other choice but to took my hands on that matter and make sure the pack will continue to flourish with the help of the Elders, should I say the former Elders we were able to take the pack. But this result for the death of my own brother and his mate." He mumbled, he didn't seems to care about what the reaction of the crowd and continue his tale.
  "I killed my own brother for the benefit of the pack, because that is what a real Alpha should do for its pack. No matter what the consequences is." The crowd started cheering and agreeing from all his words. Then turn his head towards my direction. 
  "Which your Alpha failed to do." 
  ***
  After the gathering and my verdict, I was taken to the dungeon where Rion was waiting for me with a smile on his face, like he was expecting this to happened.
  "I knew I will see you sooner, but I didn't expect to be in this kind of situation." He laugh to himself and I ignored him.
  I was tied both my hands and feet, with my collar around my neck, just like Rion.
  "You knew he will betray you." He laugh again and stared at me like I was some kind of idiot who will fall for his words.
  "I knew Lindon wanted power more than anything. And I have to do that because words won't make you believe about everything, but once you saw it with your own eyes then you might know from the start that I was telling the truth." I know his words was somehow true. But to be honest I really did believe him even without our encounter with Hunter.
  "So tell me Alpha, oops. I mean Dwayne. What is your connection with Devon and the Rogues?" His words was full of speculation.
  "I don't need to answer your question." I muttered, ignoring him.
  "I knew you were something else when I first met you. You have the same feeling like Devon and Dither when I first saw them at first I ignored it but then something doesn't make sense around you all. Then I met the Royalties, which made me more suspicious. And after that night where I witness her power I was more excited. I never felt the same feeling before. After that day I couldn't stop the feeling that I was alive again. So I did what I was told and took her because I also want that power in my hands." His eyes was full of anticipation, like he was under the influence of ecstasy. He looks more like delusional to me.
  "Why did you kill her?" His smile fade and turned into anger. His eyes automatically shift into a hard glare.
  "How could you mention her!" I don't know why did I mention her. Maybe because I don't like hearing him mention her. He was partly the reason why everything started.
  "I don't know what you are talking about!" His eyes shifted again into a confused look. He sounded so sure early and now I don't know how to describe him. He looks broken?
  "Devon saw you." I mumbled, by mentioning her name he became agitated. He mentioned her before but he didn't react this way. I wonder what else are you hiding Rion.
  "That bitch was the reason for all of this! If only I didn't listen to her!" I don't know if he was talking to me or to himself? He was out of his mind that is what I'm sure of.
  "You killed her." He froze upon my words and with that he kneeled down, not minding the shift in his bones. We are tied to a position where we weren't abled to move around except to stand if we tried to sit or anything it will lead to bones breaking. They used a silver material to our chains to make sure that it will burnt our skin and it will lessen the healing process.
  "I didn't want to, I-I have no choice. She was a low rank and knowing the Elders they wouldn't accept her. And I couldn't accept her even if she was beautiful... Not even if she had that porcelain skin." He started muttering while in tears. I couldn't even look at him. 
  He looks so pitiful.

###chapter 71: Again
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Rion was completely quiet after his sudden outburst. I wonder what Hunter is planning. 
  The look of Belerick stuck in my mind. He look totally different from before and that aura he had was completely different as if it was similar to Klaire.
  At this rate I'm sure the Royalties are already with her. Because knowing Belerick I'm totally sure he was after her. And if what Hunter was saying earlier was true it only means that they overpower us. 
  What happened during all this time? I remember the time when I was still a kid we were all just a normal pack. I never even imagine that my own pack us actually involved with this human experiment. Are they aware that I was actually Aiden? After our encounter with Hunter last time only proves that they know something that we don't.
  The time that they used just to get this far is really something that we couldn't just dismissed. They were even able to do everything under the nose of the Royalties. 
  A soft footsteps were approaching followed by the jiggling of keys. I close my eyes as soon as the light from the torch hits my face. She was wearing a black cape but I was fully aware who it was.
  "Mother." She pulled her cape down, her eyes were the same as before. That even muttering that words from my own mouth feels so unfamiliar.
  "Dwayne. I never expected for you to rebel this early. " She mumbled, she was gazing around my whole body. I remember her soft demeanor that would lead her in tears if she even saw me in pain but right now. That woman that I once called mother was staring at me with a blank look on her face.
  "Who are you? Are you even my mother?" I cannot stop myself, then I remember what she said before. She was from the human territory before she was taken to the pack. Don't tell me? My eyes went wide upon realization.
  "Looks like you already figured it out. I was one of you Dwayne, I was once a human but then Belerick gave me a chance to have a great power which I gladly accepted. I was the second successful experiment after you. And about me being your mother? No, my twin sister gave birth to you. She was the real mate of your father, but I took her place after she died giving birth to you." Her voice was full of wickedness. 
  "Are you saying that she was also part of the experiment." Her mouth turns into a smirk. 
  "Yes! But unlike me she was a failure, after she received the bloods she was just able to shift once and then she met your father who was blindly in love with her. I guess, like father like son. He wasn't even aware of the fact that his real mate is dead. Like how could he be that stupid?" She added, while laughing at herself. 
  I glared at her, and she just laughed at me. Laying a hand on my face as I struggle to get out of my chains.
  "Poor Dwayne... You wouldn't be able to break off. Those chains are made to  confined you. It was just sad that the others aren't here yet." Then she gave me a loud slap.
  "Consider yourself lucky, because we need you to get your mate. " And with that she pulled something in her hands and before I could even react my vision was starting to blur.
  When I woke up I was back into a the same white room. I glance around and when I tried to stand both my hands are tied up.
  "Your finally awake." When I turn my head, an unfamiliar face entered. They are wearing a white lab coats.
  "What is going on?" I cannot feel my strength at all. 
  "We just need to take some samples." She mumbled and with that she started injecting something.
  I tried to reach for my wolf but he wasn't responding at all.
  "Don't even try. Your wolf is asleep." I turn to find Hunter, he was also wearing a white lab gown.
  "What the hell are you planning!" He just smirk at me and start reading the file he had.
  "Well you will see soon. But once you woke up I doubt that you will remember anything." He muttered, I just glared at him. And tried to struggle but it was all useless. 
  "I told you, that won't work." He uttered as he watch me try to get my chains out. 
  "You were just wasting your strength. You're wolf is under sedative. He wouldn't even response even if I chop your leg off. But of course I wouldn't do that because I need your whole body intact." He muttered, I ignored his words and continue to pull my hands but like he said it feels like I lost all my strength.
   "Sir the level are now all equal. Shall we start?" I frowned at them but they just continue talking to each other. 
  Hunter looks please at the news, when I turn my head to the side I found my father standing right outside the glass window. The room looks like an operating room except for the tools. It was full of equipments and it has the same capsule like bed that they used before. But now it was around my height.
  When are eyes met he look away to where my mother. No! To where that imposter is standing. She pat my father's arms then whispered something to him and he nodded his head. While she was doing that her eyes were directed to me. She was smirking before she pulled him away.
  "I'm going to kill you once I get out of here!" I muttered, directing my words to Hunter. He just shrugged his shoulders dismissing my words.
  "I doubt it, just like I've said you wouldn't be able to remember anything. Oh just to be clear. After we are done. You, yourself will be willing to kill your own friends." He smiled, I glared at him. Wanting to rip that smile out of his face.
  "You will have to kill me first before that happens." He just laugh at my words. 
  "I don't need to do that for you to do as I say." I frowned at him, are they up to something again?
  The other Doctors started walking towards me. Putting more straps around me, like I am some kind of mental patient.
  I tried to struggle and get their hands off me but I wasn't even able to shove them away because I was tied up.
  "Don't fight Dwayne. After this you will feel like the Dwayne before you met your mate." Hunter uttered, I cannot see him anymore because I was surrounded by this Doctors.
  When they were done, some of them injected something in my neck, I couldn't even react. As I watch them do something to me, I can feel my remaining strength fading. All I could do is lay on the bed and watch them as they pulled some kinds of chemicals. 
  "Is this enough to keep him still?" One of them muttered. I was trying to find Hunter but he was nowhere? Or my vision was just starting to blur. I tried to focus my vision towards the direction where I last saw Hunter and there he was looking please at what he was seeing. And standing next to him is none other than Belerick who is now nodding his head with satisfaction.
  "Let us start." Was the last thing I heard before I was completely taken into the darkness.
  Here we go again.

###chapter 72: Eliot
  Eliot's P.O.V
  Now that I remember before we can reach the place they made us drink something. Galaz mentioned that it was to make sure that we are not part of the Faction's plan. I was hesitant at first but Clint took the bottle and drink it before he told us to do it.
  We all didn't think twice because we trust Clint. And by the look of it he was really aware of everything that is happening.
  We walk out of the door, the place is quite old. Noah was still unconscious. I think it was probably because of the wolfsbane that we inhaled. Even now I can still feel my body weakened.
  &quot;Can someone please explain everything that is happening right now?&quot; Yustef mumbled, feeling a bit left out as I was. He was getting grumpier than usual.
  &quot;It was all part of the plan. Remember the time in the Island?&quot; I nodded my head, those events aren't easy to forget. Until now I can still imagine the looks of Klaire had during that time.
  &quot;I saw Kariz that time. He told me everything he knew about the Faction. At first I didn't believe him but when we encountered the werewolves that belong to the faction it only added to my suspicion. Because no one knows about it other than us and Belerick. It also confirmed my presumptions when we encountered Ria and Ali, at first I ignored that thoughts but when we encountered them again it only confirmed that they are somehow like us. Kariz mentioned about the fact that the faction was continuing what Belerick left. Dwayne's already knows about this and decided to make his investigation to the faction. But looks like they got caught.&quot; Upon saying that Zion entered, he looks surprised when he saw us but recover quickly.
  &quot;What happened to Dwayne?&quot; I ask, he avoided my gaze.
  &quot;Just like he said, we were caught before we could even investigate further.&quot; He answered, clenching his fist.
  Kariz opened a huge metal door. But what's inside it made us froze. It was a  frozen werewolves. No, it has the head of a werewolf but it's body is different, it was covered with fur but his hands are slightly shorter than his legs. Like it doesn't walk using his four legs but two. The crystal like ice stuck him in it.
  &quot;What is that?&quot; Zion mumbled. As I stared at it longer it feels like it was calling for me.
  &quot;Don't.&quot; Kariz uttered, I stop before I could even touch it.
  &quot;This is what we found inside the Facility. It was a Lycan, I don't know how they got their hands on it. But it only means that they are continuing what they are planning.&quot; He continue. Then shutting the door behind him. He told us to wait outside.
  &quot;Is this for real? Lycans?&quot; Zion mumbled with disbelief. We ignored his words. It's been a while since I last hear someone mention about Lycans.
  Lycans are commonly mistaken as a werewolf, but Lycan is a more advanced species that, unlike the werewolf, can for the most part control their transformations. A werewolf can only change under the full moon, and cannot control that. The same can be said for lycans, however they are also able to transform at any given time, whether under a full moon or not, should the need arise. They are the first creation of the Moon Goddess and the reason why we are taken. Belerick wanted a Lycan army for his plans. I don't know why he have this hate so much from the other clans why he will go to this extent just to awaken them.
  &quot;Took you long enough to get here.&quot; That voice, we all turn around to find Klaire. She was wearing a red dress, her hair is no longer black but back to it's original color of silver-white.
  &quot;It's been a while.&quot; Clint mumbled, the coldness on their voices is evident. Klaire ignored him and walk down the stairs.
  &quot;So you all saw it?&quot; Her voice sounded bored and uninterested. She look more pale, her shoulders look thinner. She lost so much weight but you can see the built of her body.
  She looks intimidating.
  Kariz walks out of the door and smiled when he saw Klaire.
  &quot;I thought you wouldn't go out of your room.&quot; The look of familiarity is evident among them.
  &quot;I couldn't just let you handle everything on your own. Besides we need to do this after everything we found out.&quot; She answered, looking stern.
  &quot;Well then shall we?&quot; Kariz opened another door but this time it looks like a normal office.
  Waiting inside was Galaz, Ria and Ali and two black panthers. Who are far from the normal once. Kariz took the center seat and besides her Klaire sat down.
  I glance at Clint, who had a look that I cannot read. He looks calm yet something underneath it is hiding. He was just staring at Klaire who didn't even glance twice to our direction.
  Gentleman please have a seat. 5 other unfamiliar faces entered but two among them caught our attention, they have this different feeling among them. Just like how we felt with Ria and Ali.
  &quot;They are with us.&quot; Zion mumbled as he watch our reaction. They took the seat next to him while we sat across them. My eyes stays at the two siblings. Twins perhaps, they look quite similar to each other.
  &quot;Looks like they are more of us.&quot; The boy uttered. He looks young, just like us they were also checking us out.
  &quot;This is Devon and Dieter, I came across them while I was checking the South. As you all aware of, they are somehow like us. They are the third generation of the new breeds. I have no idea if they have other new breeds but as far as we know they are the only success they had.&quot; Kariz explains. Then he glance at their direction. &quot;And this people in front of you are the first generation of new breeds. While Ria and Ali are the second ones and Galaz is my own creation.&quot; He smiled at the mention of own creation.
  I don't know why Clint trust him so much. But I can't still put myself at ease. Especially after they had so many things that they hide from us. I wasn't even sure if they are telling us the truth right now. But just like Clint muttered earlier we have no other choice but to trust them.
  &quot;Now that everyone is here, I would like to tell you everything that we discovered so far. From the time that you are all busy traveling here Amara and I have our own ways.&quot; Amara, Klaire didn't even care about mentioning that name. Is she really Amara now? Is Klaire really gone? Even though she was both of them but Amara is cruel and ruthless. Just remembering what she have done to all of us. It was like she was complete different person.
  Kariz let out a huge map, which include the whole continent and territories. This time it had the territories of other clans. The underworld where vampires and demons are located, the fores lake where fairies, dwarfs and elves are located and also witches.
  &quot;As you all know Lycans are the first creation of the Moon Goddess, Because of their non humane nature they resulted into a huge war among the other clans. This made the Moon Goddess to sealed them away and create the werewolf. We are still unsure why the Factions wanted to awaken the Lycans but one thing is for sure, other clans started looking down to our kind after the war. Which we think was the reason why the Faction wanted to built their own army of Lycans but until now they still failed. Using the bloodline of the human mates of the Lycans which runs to your veins.&quot; Mates of Lycans? Is that the reason why they pick us among all the humans out there?
  &quot;Yes, you all are from the bloodline of the human mates which also received the blessings from the Moon Goddess but unlike us, Amara and I are from the protector of the Lycans Blood.&quot; Amara and him? His smiles widen. &quot;Yes, we are siblings.&quot; He added. Making us all in shock. Siblings? How?
  &quot;I will let Amara tell you everything about us after. Right now let's continue our meeting about the Faction.&quot; He mumbled, no one said anything. I glance at Clint who finally show some reaction, he had the same look we had.
  &quot;Then why did you attack us before?&quot; Noah's voice suddenly came from the door. He was finally awake.
  &quot;The second war started because of you. Which lead to our death.&quot; He added, his words was full of anger.
  &quot;The second war, it was all started because I Belerick manipulated me. When I was awaken that was the only time I was able to get out of his control&quot; Noah suddenly burst out laughing.
  &quot;Do you really think we will believe you? Manipulated? He doesn't have that kind of power and he died remember?&quot; I couldn't let myself stop Noah because just like him I was also mad.
  &quot;I don't know if you will believe it or not but Belerick is far more different than what we have seen before. I don't know how he was able to change that much but one thing is sure. Everything is connected to that thing.&quot; He was talking about the Lycan that we saw earlier.
  &quot;You mentioned that you are awaken during the second war, then what exactly happened?&quot; Clint was now the one who is talking.
  &quot;For all of us to be a Lycan there will be three stages of awakening. But that is only possible if you have our blood. One is where you will notice a fraction of your powers showing up. Which happens to Amara before when we are still young and being unable to control the sudden shift of your power. The second is the rebirth, where you were able to die but then ended up being rebirth or in my case I was able to come back to life. This is also the time where you will show a sudden change, where you are not able to control all your powers and this is the time where the Lycan inside you was the one controlling your thirst to kill. Like what happened to the Island and I think this also happened to Amara during the second war. Even if she was not yet on the second phase, it only proves that what we know are still not enough.&quot; He explains. We all remained silent during that time.
  &quot;And the third one is when you are finally able to shift. I tried to awaken Amara before but I was only able to retrieve her memories in her previous life.&quot; He became silent at the last part. &quot;And you all witness what happened in the Island after. Her Lycan responded but it was still weak.&quot; He continue.
  &quot;Do you really want to continue seeing Klaire like that? With nothing but killing everyone in her head? Uncontrolled and not even able to recognize anyone.&quot; I couldn't stop myself this time. Just seeing how everyone died while I have to continue the Central Kingdom as Aris. That life was nothing but emptiness, all I could wish that time is death to visit me.
  &quot;I know you are upset after everything that happened Eliot, but that was who she really was. Lycans was already part of us. Even before the experiment, it was already in our bloodline. You wouldn't understand because you are just part of her.&quot; I wanted to argue but Klaire bump in.
  &quot;You have no idea what you are saying Eliot. That is the real me before you all appear in that facility. You have no idea how it felt to be afraid of your own self, after we left the facility everyday I can feel the power inside me growing. Like a ticking time bomb that will explode anytime and what made me afraid more is that I will end up hurting all of you. But then everything happened one day. I was not able to control this thirst to kill and ended up killing everyone. Do you know how hard is that to accept? That everyone died with my own hands. And now that I have the answer to everything I wouldn't let you all to stop me.&quot; Her words were firm. I couldn't stop myself to smile. The Klaire we know was still there, she still cares.
  &quot;So what are your plans now?&quot; Clint uttered, Klaire sat down again.
  &quot;I need my blood back.&quot;
  ***
  I pulled Clint's hand, I still can't believe him. He agreed to everything they said.
  &quot;What the hell is wrong with you? You know that giving her blood back will wake her Lycan completely.&quot; Yustef also cannot contain his anger.
  &quot;Are you really going to let Klaire turn into that Lycan?&quot; Clint shove our hands and let out a heavy sigh.
  &quot;We all know that everything we are now belongs to her and she have the right to take it back. You would not understand.&quot; This made me mad, I punch Clint's face. Making him stumbled on the floor.
  &quot;All this time we are trying to stop anyone who tried to awaken the Lycans and now you will just going to let them turn your sister into that monster?!&quot; Clint wipe away the blood in his lips.
  &quot;You have no idea what you are saying. I saw Klaire turn into one before!&quot; This made us all stop. He saw Klaire turn? Into what?
  &quot;What do you mean?&quot; I was lost in words right now.
  &quot;Remember the time she always come back with blood all over her body? It always happens during the full moon. One time I saw her walking down the mountain towards the forest at first I thought she was just sleep walking but then I saw it with my own two eyes. Amara turned into that thing. I wasn't able to move that time and she saw me, I thought that would be the end of me but she just ignored me and killed the werewolves who are following us. I ran back as fast as I can before she even notice me again. That was the first time I saw that thing. The cold death in her eyes as she stares at me made my whole body trembled. The next day I acted like nothing happened and notice that Amara had no idea what happened to her last night.&quot; I cannot find my words to utter anything after hearing what he said.
  &quot;Why didn't you say anything to us?&quot; He brush his hair out of frustration.
  &quot;I can't, because I myself didn't believe what I just saw that time.&quot; He mumbled then grab a glass of water on the table and gulp it with one shot.
  &quot;So that is the reason why you want to return everything to her?&quot; Noah ask, he glance at him and shake his head.
  &quot;Now is the time for you to tell us everything you know Clint. Because as you can see we are all affected with this matter with Klaire.&quot; Yustef uttered, he was right with that.
  &quot;Kariz was aware of this matter. I don't know how he knows it but like he said it was the only way for Klaire to get back in control. If she had her full abilities back then she would be able to control herself during her shift.&quot; He explains. I still doubt what Kariz was saying.
  I don't know if this is a good idea. And there is also Dwayne, we won't be able to return everything to Klaire because Dwayne was also part of her. He also received her blood before.
  &quot;How can you be so sure about that?&quot;
  Clint let out another deep breath and look hesitant at first. Before letting out the news that made our world upside down.
  &quot;Because Kariz was a Lycan.&quot;

###chapter 73: Awake
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I woke up because of the noise coming from the outside. When I opened my eyes unfamiliar faces gathered around me like I'm some kind of patient?
  &quot;Oh my god! You are finally awake!&quot; Sarah came running towards me and hugged me.
  Okay what on earth is happening? When I look around I found my Dad and Mom staring at me with unsure gaze.
  &quot;What happened? Where am I?&quot; They both stared at each other then rush towards me to hug me. This is really weird?
  &quot;Can someone tell me what's going on? Because you guys are acting way to weird.&quot; I muttered, someone cleared their throat when I glance up to see who it was my eyes widen in surprised.
  &quot;Grandfather?&quot; He smiled as soon as I said those words. What the hell is he doing here? The elders shouldn't be here. Did something happened?
  &quot;Finally your awake. We have a lot of things to talk about but for the time being you should rest.&quot; I just nodded my head still confused about everything that is happening right now.
  Father took a step back and my mother stood beside her while Sarah was still holding my hand.
  &quot;When did you get back here? How come I don't remember?&quot; She giggled at my words then rolled her eyes.
  &quot;I came back months ago silly. You even welcomed me that time.&quot; I didn't say anything and just stared at her. Something feels like I was missing something?
  &quot;What happened? Why am I here?&quot; I glance at the white room filled with machines that I just saw for the first time.
  &quot;Son, we were betrayed by the Royalties and we were attacked by the Rogues which lead you into this state. But what is important right now is you are awake.&quot; My mother mumbled, Royalties? I felt a slight headache upon remembering their faces.
  &quot;How did that happened?&quot; They both look at each other. Again that same look again.
  &quot;Remember we were supposed to continue the treaty agreement but during the time of your succession we were attacked by Rogues.&quot; Glimpse of the succession came flooding in my mind.
  I was waiting for their arrival to begin the succession. Sarah was beside me that time. Then they finally arrived, I remember the faces of four people but one of them is blurry, she was wearing a long white lace gown. She was glowing but only her face is what I cannot recognize.
  I remember that she was the one who leas the succession rights, I swear I can still feel the sensation when she touch my forehead which is weird. Then after that a loud explosion happened followed by the rogues. The next thing that happened was blank. All I can remember was there is a man with red eyes. Rubies like eyes that feels cold.
  I held my head feeling a slight pain, Sarah held me in her arms and started whispering something.
  &quot;Don't try to remember, everything is okay now.&quot; She mumbled then I suddenly feel my headache vanish.
  &quot;I need to know the details.&quot; I mumbled staring directly to my father who nodded his head.
  &quot;We will talk this later, now get dress so you could return to your room.&quot; Now that he mentioned it, I was wearing nothing but a hospital gown.  He then turn to Sarah.
  &quot;Sarah, would you please help Dwayne for a while. We will just talk to the Elders about him waking up.&quot; Sarah smiled and nodded her head. She pulled something in the corner, it was a pair of clothes.
  &quot;Wear this, I took it from your room.&quot; She mumbled, then I slip into it. I don't know why but I suddenly feel weird around Sarah. It was really uncomfortable looking at her right now.
  Maybe because I couldn't remember anything that happened? Just glimpse of memories resurface.
  &quot;How long was I asleep?&quot; She stop for a while then turn around to face me.
  &quot;About a month? We were really worried after you encountered the Royalties. You almost died in their hands.&quot; She started tearing up, I pulled her into a hug trying to comfort her.
  &quot;Shh... I'm awake now. Nothing bad happened to me.&quot; I mumbled, she stop crying after a few minutes.
  &quot;I was just happy that you are back. My Dwayne is back!&quot; She mumbled, I don't know why I found her words weird or something.
  Maybe Hunter was right, I just need to rest for a while.
  When we reach the packhouse everyone was giving me a weird look. Okay what is happening? They all received a glare at Sarah which they all took in and snap their eyes away from me.
  As I open the door, my room still looks the same as before. Nothing much change except for some new furniture or should I say all my furniture are new. What happened here?
  &quot;Oh, your room furniture was change because you said so. Before you fell unconscious you demanded to change them.&quot; She mumbled, I didn't say anything and went to my bed.
  &quot;I'm okay now Sarah, you can leave. I know you have other things to do especially after you became an omega.&quot; I uttered. &quot;Wait did you succeed that title?&quot; She shakes her and stared at me with the same sad look in her face.
  &quot;Before the attack, you ask me to be your Luna and right before the marking that happened. I really thought I will lose you forever. I couldn't even do something. I was really pathetic.&quot; She started sobbing again.
  I ask her to be my Luna? I don't understand why but I felt like inside me there was something else behind the Luna title. Or I'm still in shock after all the time I was asleep?
  I told her to come close to me and held her hand. I was aware about her being my Luna, because that was all my plan after everything I took from her. How can I forget most of my memories this past few months yet still remember wide and clear about that time where I took so much from her.
  I stroke her hair, and she just stared at me in the eyes. Then suddenly I saw a pair of gray-blue eyes staring at me. I blink away. Feeling a bit confused. What was that?
  &quot;What's wrong?&quot; I pulled my hand away from her and stared ahead of me.
  &quot;Nothing, I think I was seeing thing.&quot; I uttered, she look uncomfortable with my words.
  &quot;Maybe because your body is still recovering.&quot; She mumbled, her heart is pounding. I can hear it loudly.
  &quot;Are you okay? Your heart beats is faster than before.&quot; She look away and played with her fingers.
  &quot;I was just surprised that you pulled away. I thought that you will going to kiss me.&quot; I can't say anything after her words. And just held her cheek up then do the only right thing I know. I kissed her.
  Her lips feels unfamiliar, I close my eyes trying to ignore my thoughts. Something is missing, then some vanilla scent caught my nostrils that made me pull away. She stared at me with a questionable look.
  &quot;I'm sorry, I thought someone is here.&quot; I mumbled, I can't even dare to look at her. I know she was hurt with my sudden reaction. Especially if after what she was saying is true then we are bond to be mates.
  Mates... Why does that feels so familiar in my mouth yet still so out of reach.
  &quot;I understand, maybe you just need to get some sleep?&quot; She suggested and I nodded my head. But before she left I gave her a peck on the lips. Just to at least try to ease the tension building up between us.
  &quot;I'll see you later. I love you.&quot; I wanted to say those words back but it was like there is a huge lump in my throat. When she notice that I didn't response she just smile and left.
  I can feel my guilt. Sarah doesn't deserve that kind of reaction from me. After she waited and stayed by my side the whole time I was unconscious.
  When I close my eyes again a pair of gray-blue eyes stared at me. I open my eyes in a hurry. Why am I seeing that? I massage my temples because my head was hurting again.
  &quot;What is wrong with you Dwayne?&quot; I let out a deep sigh before deciding that I should go and talk to my father and figure out what happened before I fell unconscious.
  When I step inside the office my father was busy with some documents. If what I remember was right I was already the Alpha.
  &quot;Dad, I should be the one doing that.&quot; He stops and glance at my direction. He looks hesitant but then decided to gave in.
  &quot;Dwayne you were strip off the title because of the things happened before you fell unconscious.&quot; I stared at him with disbelief. Why would I be strip off my title?
  &quot;You must be joking? What did I do?&quot; I can sense the horror in my voice. Do I really want to know what did I do?
  &quot;Son, I know it was hard to take in but before you are manipulated by the Royalties which resulted for you to betray the pack.&quot; Now he was babbling nonsense. Why would I betray my own pack but the look he had was telling me he was telling the truth.
  Is that the reason why everyone was staring at me earlier.
  &quot;But that was in the past now my Son, after you woke up from their manipulation things will get better. But that doesn't mean I could just give you back the Alpha Title.&quot; I didn't say anything, I can't still believe what I'm hearing from him.
  Just who are these royalties? How can they just manipulate me like that?
  He close the document he was checking and motion me to take a seat. I complied quietly.
  &quot;Son, after the succession you were taken with them. We found you in an Island past the forbidden area. Sarah almost lost her life because of that human girl who manipulated you.&quot; Human girl? Then I the image of the female one who was with the Royalties flash in my mind. I still cannot see her face.
  Then flashes of the memories in the Island, all I can see is red, dead bodice scattered around. And then Sarah, she was almost lifeless when we reach the place. Then I saw her, she was looking down at us and she wasn't alone. I can't picture her face but what I remember is that she had a pair of red eyes. The same eyes that I saw during the succession.
  &quot;Do you remember now? When you returned from the Island, you were told to retrieve the people who betrayed us but instead you help then escape and attack you own Elder. You were strip off your title after that. And we have to do something to get you out of their grip. We did everything we could but it was all useless until the Elder decided to put you to sleep. And it help and what is important is now you are back.&quot; He clench my hand and I just remain silent. I couldn't believe what I just heard.
  &quot;You might not be able to remember everything but at least you are back to your old self Dwayne. That is what matters.&quot; Is that the reason why I couldn't remember the details of what he was saying. Only some fraction of it.
  I don't know why but I suddenly felt angry. Just who are those Royalties to put me into this situation. I clench my fist.
  &quot;That is what I wanted you to feel.&quot; A man with a cloak entered, he was wearing a cloak that is why I can't see his face.
  &quot;My King, I thought you wouldn't arrive until the next day. &quot; My King? Who is this? He pulled his cloak out showing a pair of red eyes and a flocks of silver-white hair.
  &quot;I couldn't stop myself for being curious with my new creation.&quot; He mumbled directing his words to me. New creation? What on earth was he saying.
  &quot;Dwayne please give some respect.&quot; I don't know why but my body move on its own and bow.
  &quot;Oh right, you lost some of your memories. But don't worry they will return little by little. I hope to watch your full potential grow.&quot; And with that he vanish through thin air.
  Who was that?
  I turn to my father and told me about the Legend, and he said he was the person who started the Faction. He told me about the reason why he was called the King because he was the one who stablish the four territories which are the Faction. And he went missing for a while but then decided to return after hearing about the Royalties and the Rogues.
  There is really a lot of things that I missed out. I don't know why but seeing him made me feel uncomfortable. It was like my body was telling me that he was a bad news.
  &quot;Dwayne! Can you hear me?&quot; I glance to Sarah who is busy eating ice cream.
  I ask her out after feeling guilty about how I reacted towards her. And I want to look around the pack. Because it felt like ages since I walk around here. I still felt the gazes of our pack members but I just ignored them and Sarah was there to glare back at them.
  &quot;I'm sorry, I was just recalling my talk with my father earlier.&quot; She pouted but then smiled.
  &quot;As I was saying, the other pack are here. But I heard that they will return to their own territories by Saturday.&quot; She mumbled, I haven't even encountered them after I woke up. Especially Zion.
  &quot;Have you seen Zion?&quot; She froze at my words then look down in her hands.
  &quot;He went missing after your retrieval to the traitors in the South. No one heard anything after that, what we know is he was one of people who help the Rogues during that time.&quot; I cannot believe what her words was saying. Zion? Help the Rogues?
  &quot;That's impossible.&quot; That's it! I refuse to believe her words. Zion would never betrayed his pack especially with Rogues. He hated them so much. After his brothers death he promise to kill every rogues he encountered. But now she was telling me he choose their side? That was unbelievable.
  &quot;I'm telling the truth! Zion was the mate of one of those traitors! Maybe that is the reason why he was pulled into their side.&quot; Mate? How could that be? He only had eyes on Sarah. But what she was saying made sense. Because Zion won't do something unreasonable without a reason.
  &quot;How could I let my Beta do that?&quot; I don't know why but as I discover what I did this past few months it made me realize that I was a worst Alpha. Maybe my Father was right to take the title away from me.
  &quot;You are under that witch control! You wouldn't do that if it wasn't because of her.&quot; I clench my fist, but Sarah hold my hand and I released them.
  &quot;I would never forgive that woman.&quot; I mumbled through gritted teeth. Just who is that woman to play me like this. It cause me so much.
  &quot;We will get her soon Dwayne. And you will be the one who will take her back here.&quot; She mumbled, I just nodded my head at her. I will get her back here and make sure she will pay for what she have done.
  &quot;It's been a while Dwayne.&quot; I glance up and see Cameron, I can't remember much about him but his face and name was familiar enough for me to recognize him. He took the seat in front of us.
  &quot;Yeah.&quot; I answered, he just ignored my reply. Showing how much I don't like him around me. I don't know why but I can't ignore the fact that I feel so hostile around him.
  &quot;Seems like you finally return from your lovesick incident.&quot; Sarah was looking uncomfortable right now. Love sick?
  &quot;Stop!&quot; Sarah mumbled but he ignored it.
  &quot;Oh looks like you don't remember, you are just so lovesick with that human which made you really crazy over her. I can even remember how much you hated us for just talking to her that time. It just suck that you ended up being manipulated by her.&quot; Sarah just watch me clench my fist, she tried to calm me down but I can feel my anger growing.
  &quot;That's enough Cameron! Dwayne don't listen to him. You just don't know what she did to you and it was all her fault.&quot; She mumbled, but I ignored her. All I can think of is how to wipe that smirk on his face. Just hearing him talk about her that way made me furious. Wait! What did I just say?
  I shake my head and grab Sarah's hand.
  &quot;Let's go Sarah.&quot; Sarah didn't say anything and followed me. We left him with a smirk on his face.
  Just why am I so mad about him? Dwayne! It was all because he was spatting some nonsense. Don't let it get to you!
  &quot;Dwayne where are we going?&quot; I totally forgot about Sarap. I stop and found ourselves walking towards the East, where the East Mansion is located.
  &quot;Sorry, I just want to get some fresh air.&quot; I mumbled, scratching the back of my head. I never been here before, I'm sure that the last time I went towards this area was when I was still a child. But why does it felt so familiar. That I could go hear with my eyes close and still find the way towards this area.
  &quot;Let's just go back and ignore what Cameron said.&quot; I glance once more to the way towards the East Mansion before following Sarah.

###chapter 74: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  Clint came to my room but didn't say anything and decided to walk away. What was just that?
  "Looks like someone's brother misses his little sister." I turn around to find the only person who could talk to me casually.
  Galaz was on my bed, leaning on his shoulders while narrowing his eyebrows. I rolled my eyes at him. Our relationship became more closer as times goes by. He always says that I was just like his little sister. 
  Why am I always surrounded with people who have sibling issues? It's been a while since the others arrived here. Kariz ordered us to stay quiet for a while. Because the Faction is hunting us. The last encounter they had with the rogues only one was able to survive. He even mentioned that they have strong Alpha's among them.  I couldn't think of anyone other than him who fits that description.
  "Seriously? Are you going to ignore me?" I pulled a book on the shelves and throw it at him but he was able to catch it before it could even hit him.
  "Why are you always so harsh?" He mumbled sounding a bit hurt. I just ignored him and left him in my room. When I opened the door Yustef was standing outside my door with a surprised look on his face.
  After our talk about last time about taking my blood back we never had a chance to talk to each other. Kariz was busy looking for ways to do the process with Clint which is surprisingly.
  "Uh... I just want to ask if I could have a word with you for a moment?" To be honest I also don't know how to act around them. Yes, I was with them for both my lives but things aren't the same anymore. 
  Just seeing them reminded me of the things I've done to them. The memories of their cold bodice brushing in my skin as soon as I snatch they're hearts out of their own chest. Everyday it still hunts me, and there was the memory I had for being Klaire where they manipulated me to stop remembering my real identity. The feeling of being fear that one day I might end up hurting them and worst leading the once who are after me to them. Which turns out the one who are besides us was actually the one after me all this time.
  Now I understand why Clint and my father was trying so hard to hide me and let only Clint to be around the Elders. Being the only one to do the duties of the Royalties.
  "Follow me." I mumbled, leading him down the staircase towards the back door where the old garden was resting. 
  Wild flowers started to take over the old roses, some of the roses are still here but the thorns around them are too thick. So it would hurt you if you end up getting too close.
  I sat down the old fountain which had no water in it. He sat next to me, it feel like how we used to do back on then.
  "What is it?" I don't want to feel this silence between us. It was only making it hard for me to keep up the cold front.
  "I just don't want everything between all of us to be like this. We all been together even before we remembered everything." He uttered, I don't wanna hear this kind of conversation. I put my hands up telling him to stop.
  "I don't want to talk about the past. We all know that everything change. Nothing is completely the same anymore Yustef." I mumbled, he look hurt at my words but he have to know this. 
  I can't let myself always be swayed by my emotions, this is also the reason why Kariz said I was still unstable.
  "It's just that after we are finish with this, then we won't be able to stay by your side anymore." His words made my body stiffen. 
  Did I ever think that I would be able to still be around them if I was able to completely turned into a Lycan? A merciless beast that wouldn't think twice to kill them? I can't. Especially after knowing that they might be able to lost their wolf and became a normal human. Just thinking of their dead bodies in my hands made my stomach turns.
  "You wouldn't be." I muttered coldly, he didn't look surprised at my words. They are probably aware of this matter that they will lose everything they had after Belerick took everything to them.
  "I know, but you can't stop us. You are still our princess." He smiled, then pat my head before walking away leaving me in the cold breeze of the night.
  "What are you planning to do now?" I turn around and found Galaz again. He was watching right at the top of the dead oak tree. 
  "I was planning on killing you right now. But you are not worth my time." I mutter, he jump off from the tree and stood beside me. How could this person be the standing Beta of Kariz?
  I couldn't even believe myself that I had such impression about him when I first met him. But after knowing him? I even doubt everything about him. He wasn't even serious about anything.
  "That hurts you know. But looks like another one is coming this way." Before I could even response he bid me farewell.
  I glance at the direction he was pertaining to, and Clint was coming this. I bet Yustef called him and told him to talk to me.
  When he saw me staring at him his breathing become more intense like he was nervous or something? If we are still like before I would be laughing right now. Because my brother being nervous? Impossible! I would even believe it if someone said that the crows turns into white. 
  "Hi." He mumbled, I swear I was stopping myself to laugh right now. He looks so awkward right now, like a little kid who was left to someone he just met for the first time.
  "What brought you here?" I will wouldn't make it easier to you Clint. I can still feel the pain of your manipulation. But still I did far more worst to them and that is why I wouldn't let myself be put into that situation again.
  "Uh... To be honest I don't know where to start." He uttered, scratching the back of his head. He really look adorable right now. My brother who is always been acting tough is now acting like a lost child in front of me.
  "Start from why did you hide it from me?" He look surprised at my words. He turn his head down and start playing with his hands.
  "I couldn't get myself to tell you everything, especially after you had your life in place. I thought I could protect you just like what Dad did but I failed. I failed you as Afreo and now I did it again and what's even worst is I was your own brother." I know and understand why he did what he did, but I can't just let myself forgive them from the time being. 
  I always wonder if I knew everything from the start maybe I could do something. Maybe things wouldn't get to this extent. And the pack members of the Central Kingdom wouldn't suffer like they did in the hands of the Faction. 
  Just remembering it made my blood boil, I know they weren't that good to me during those times that I was in the Central Kingdom but those are still my people that I swear to protect as Amara but now they are all gone.
  "I'm still mad about hiding everything from me Clint, you know that your the only person that I trusted so much but then you broke it. If only I knew everything from the start then I could have done something. I could have save Dad from my own wrath. If I was able to gain control sooner then perhaps he wouldn't have  to die in my hands." He stood up and wipe my cheek. I didn't even notice my tears falling. I yank his hand away and harshly wipe my tears away.
  "This is also the reason why I didn't tell you. Because I know you will blame yourself from everything that happened. Klaire I know you wouldn't be able to forgive us from deceiving you but we just did what we think was the right thing to do. It was selfish yes. But we can't let your new life be ruined because of the past. You suffered so much before as Amara and now that you have a new life and was starting to live with it. We can't just let ourselves tell you everything and watch you be ruined again. I hope you forgive us, maybe not today but when time comes where your hatred is gone please remember that we are still your family." He wipe his tears away, it broke me to see him cry like this. After all he was my twin, my better half. Our bond may have been weakened because of the fact that I remember my past life but still the we spend together as siblings is still something that I cannot deny.
  "If we were successful on returning everything to you and finish this war at once and by then you still wish for us to be gone from your life. Just say it and we will obliged. We took to much from you already and we wouldn't stop you for leaving a new life. Because I know deep inside you, being around us only reminds you of your previous life. And I do not wish you to live your life full of resentment and hatred to yourself. I wish to see you live your life like what you always wish for. Amara was tied and lock down into that dark place and we cannot do anything to save her from it but we won't let our Klaire to live that same dark place. You deserve to see the life outside. You deserve to smile and live a happy life. And with all our power, we will protect and make sure you live that life." I remain silent the whole time and just listen to him. 
  "It might sound like I was bubbling nonsense here but I will protect you this time." He lean closer to me, I want to shove him away but I cannot let myself do it to him. He kissed the top of my head like he always do before leaving me.
  I held my head then my tears that I was holding on for too long came rushing down my eyes. I weep there like a child. 
  When I was done I just sat there in the coldness of the night. Galaz appear again out of nowhere and place a blanket in my shoulders.
  "I know you are more powerful than a super hero but still. We don't want you getting sick all of a sudden." He muttered, I just shake my head at him. He was joking again. 
  "You know that even if I'm sick I will still be able to kill you right?" He just laugh at my words and sat next to me. Looking at him, he had this dark features that matches a villain. Black hair, matching his black eyes. Something I couldn't even tell what is happening in that head of his.
  "You really have your own way with your words don't you? And your welcome by the way." He mumbled while rolling his eyes. I couldn't stop myself but smile at how silly he could be.
  "Woah! Is the world about to end? Did you just smiled right now? Like for real? I was not imagining it right? What a life changing event." I smack him in his arms. He should stop exaggerating things so much.
  "Just shut up! Or leave me alone if you wouldn't shut up." He stop and pulled an invisible zipper in his mouth. I just shake my head at him with disbelief. And didn't say anything. 
  Galaz was really handsome to be honest. Unlike Dwayne who looks like a bright sunshine, Galaz was more like the cold night. Peaceful yet dangerous at the same time.
  I know he was always there beside me because Kariz told him to do so. He was guarding me for who knows what I might do. And I know that he was there watching me the whole time I was crying. But I simply thank him that he didn't ask anything about it and just let me have my peace.
  "You are aware that Kariz was my brother right?" I suddenly blurted out. He didn't seem surprised at my words. And nodded his head.
  "I was with him the whole time he was watching you from a far." He answered, I ignored his words.
  "Then you are with him when he took me." He avoided my gave and gave me a slight nod.
  "At first I wasn't really aware that you are his sister. But during that time when you are in his captivity, I was still a child that time. It was just about the time where Kariz took me in." He explains. I didn't say anything, 
  I can't say that I wasn't mad at Kariz for everything he did but after knowing what he have been through. I was with him the whole time yet I wasn't able to protect him. My own younger brother, and now he was full of anger to the world. 
  "Look I'm really sorry for not telling you everything sooner. But you know that I can't just violate Kariz's orders." Again I just remained silent. 
  "How does your sister looks like?" He was surprised by my question but his eyes automatically soften upon hearing about his sister.
  "Some said she looks exactly like me? But I disagree, yes we have the same hair color and eyes but unlike me she was full of life. She always wanted to explore the world. We might be unfortunate when it comes to money but that didn't stop her from learning. She was really smart, always knowing what to do and giving advices. Sometimes I even wonder who was the older between us." He smiled upon recalling the memory he had with his sister.
  "She was really lucky to have a brother like you." I muttered, recalling my time with Clint and Kariz. Kariz and I only had little brother-sister interaction but with Clint. I couldn't help myself but smile at those memories.
  "I hope I could say that to myself. Because unlike the good brother she deserves I wasn't able to protect her. I couldn't do anything as I watch her being taken with tears in her eyes as she calls my name. I was nothing but pathetic." He said, clenching his fist until blood drips on his hands.
  "You know that your sister wouldn't like seeing you hurting yourself. Especially after your scars are gone." I grabbed his wounded hand that have the mark of his claws and healed it. 
  "Now that's better." I mumbled, I glance up and he was just staring at me.
  "What?" He look away in a hurry like I just caught him stealing something.
  "N-nothing... Thanks." He uttered shyly? Seriously? I narrow my brow at him.
  "What's wrong with you?" I ask, he was acting a bit weird right now. He was the one who keeps acting casually to me.
  "I said nothing, I was just surprised." He said then moving a bit away from me. Okay?
  "Whatever." I stood up and started heading inside. And for the first time he didn't follow me. He just remained in the same spot where we are earlier and he was mumbling something to himself.
  I just shake my head and continue my way towards my room. But before I reach it I caught a glimpse of Ria and Yustef. Do they know each other? They look like they were talking about something.
  "Why would you do it?!" That was Ria's voice. I still want to listen to them but Ali was heading my way, which is towards them. 
  I don't know why but I grabbed Ali and pulled him away.
  "Wait what are you doing?" I ignored him and pulled him outside. Just what on earth am I doing? 
  "Train with me." I couldn't think of any other excuse and just blurted out the first thing that comes to mind.
  "What? I just got here and you want me to be your sparring partner? Just where is Galaz?" I ignored his words and stop right at the open area. 
  "I don't know where he was, and come on. I want some change of phase." I mumbled, he just stood there and let out a sigh.
  "Fine, but only two rounds. Because I have to handle something early in the morning." I nodded my head. And he ready himself.
  "Oh by the way, no one is allowed to use their abilities." He added, I nodded my head.
  "I wouldn't be needing to use them anyway." I mutter and he stared at me with amusement.
  "Now I know why Galaz was stuck with you." He smirk back. I have no idea what he meant by that but started attacking him.
  He was fast enough to dodge my every attack. I can say that he was really something. Kariz really choose his people wisely.
  "Now it's my turn." He then tried to kick me but I was able to caught it in time and twisted him over.
  "Oops." I uttered, he fell to the ground with a loud thug.
  "You know I still want to get back to you but it looks like Kariz was waiting for me." I turn around and found Kariz. 
  "Next time then." I muttered, he nodded his head and stood up. Brushing off the dust in his clothes.
  "Yes, next time."

###chapter 75:  Dark Forest
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I open my eyes and stare at the sleeping Sarah beside me. She looks so peaceful and I should feel the same way knowing she was my mate now. But why do I feel empty inside? Like something is missing.
  I close my eyes once more, the breeze of the cold air brushing my skin made me awake. I brush my eyes feeling confused as I stare at the dark sky above me. Only the light from the moon and stars was giving us light right now. I glance to my arms and found someone sleeping, she had a black hair. Her pale skin illuminates under the moonlight.
  Then I notice I was completely naked, only a small cloth is covering us. Then suddenly my heart started beating fast. Where is Sarah? I look around me and I was in the woods right next to the cliff. This is the place where I usually go whenever I wanted to be alone.
  I was about to brush her hair out of her face to see her face clearly. But before I could do that she grab my hand and a pair of blue-gray eyes staring back at me. And I suddenly feel like someone knock the air out of my lungs.
  I gasp for air and found myself back in my bedroom, I sat down and brush my hair out of frustration, Sarah was sleeping soundly next to me. I brush her red hair that was way too different from the girl I saw in my dream.
  Just who the hell are you? Why do I always see those pair of blue-gray eyes yet don't remember anyone who have those kind of eye color.
  It was still dark when I decided to get up. I couldn't sleep, so I just decided to get up early. After 2 hours the sun will start to rise anyway. 
  I went straight to the bathroom and took a shower, then pulled a pair of shirt on my closet and slip in a pair of jeans. Grabbing my sneakers before I head out. 
  Looks like I need to have a run, just doing nothing is making me see things. I took off my clothes and let my wolf out, the soil beneath our paws feels foreign. It been a while since we took a run. Stretching his legs before he decided to run. I think we will hunt for today. We run towards the inside of the forest, feeling the sensation of the air hitting our fur. We even close our eyes as we jump over the large trunk of tree laying on the ground.
  His eyes snaps at the direction of brunches snapping not too far from us. It was a deer, and luckily it didn't seems to notice us. We slowly made our way towards our prey. Once it we were close enough to attack, my wolf hurriedly grabbed its neck using his mouth, killing it in one strike. When it was dead he delightfully ate it. Licking his mouth when he was done devouring almost all of it. I don't know but I never seen my wolf this hungry. 
  He heard another snap and run towards it's direction this time it was a boar, it wasn't too big but big enough to feed 10 hungry werewolves. He then didn't waste any time and pounce to it. But unlike the deer, he had a bit of a hard time killing this one. And it started running away. Of course, we chase after it and before it could run further. My wolf strike him. 
  The boar started to screech but my wolf ignored it and indulge himself with his flesh. Biting, chewing every bit of it. Leaving only the skin.
  Seriously? Was he really this hungry. When he was done, he look satisfied. Who wouldn't? After finishing those two in one go.
  I didn't notice it earlier but we are on the east part of the territory. Looking forward, it was the same route that we encountered before when I was with Sarah. I don't know what's gotten into us but my wolf started walking towards the the direction where the East Mansion is.
  The path was still the same but unlike before it was far more better than I expected. The gravel on the floor continues until I reach the old mansion. The marvel around it is still intact in fact it looks like someone fixed it. But you cannot hide the old markings of the explosion during the succession, good thing it didn't reach the main building of the Mansion.
  I look up, staring at the veranda on the right side of the mansion. I don't know why but it felt like I've been here a couple of times. I slowly made my way closer then a glimpse of the familiar scent of vanilla caught my nostrils. I shifted to my human form and stop right in front of the front door. I don't know why, but my hands was starting to sweat. Am I getting nervous? Over opening an old door?
  The hinges squeaked as the door swung open. Old furnitures welcomes me, they were covered in dust because no one use them anymore. I heard that the Royalties stayed here before. My feet took my upstairs, into a room that leads to the veranda that I saw outside when I walk towards here.
  The furnitures are nothing special, the white linen covering the bed was now full of dust. I slowly look around the room, finding something that I had no idea what. But then something caught my eyes, a white lace gown was at the rack of the closet. It was hanging, bits of golden lace was resting right at the bottom part of the dress.
  I slowly touch the gown, closing my eyes as I saw some image flashing in my head.
  I was staring at the woman wearing this gown just like what I saw before. It was the succession, I still can't see her face clearly like before, her back was facing me. Her Silver-white hair was moving like the wind as it brush it. The rogues are right in front of us. I want to do something but my body had a mind on its own.
  A golden light was emanating around her, she looks so magical at the moment. But then the rogues started screeching and killing each other. My eyes widens as I watch our surroundings turns into the color of crimson.
  Then I gasp when she turn around. 
  "Sleep." 
  I took my hand away from the gown, like I was burnt or something. And when I glance at it again, the gown was only a cloth hanging in the closet. What the? I check the whole closet once more and found nothing. No white lace gown.
  Did I hallucinate again? I brush my eyes making sure I wasn't half asleep or something.
  I walk out of the veranda, but as soon as I step outside my heart started pounding. What is wrong with me? This place is giving me a weird feeling.
  I jump off the veranda, landing with my four feet as I shift to my wolf. My wolf was also feeling restless while we are here. He was constantly sniffing, I even though I caught some vanilla scent but when I tried to look for it, it was just nothing. All I can smell is the dust, and molds around the mansion.
  I glance up once more still feeling, the familiar feeling like I just missed something? Or someone?
  The sun was already rising when I reach the packhouse. The pack members are already awake, I can already smell the newly bake bread from where I'm standing.
  "You woke up early." Someone muttered behind me. It was Harid, the Alpha of the South Territory. His tattoos was showing because he wasn't wearing any shirt on. He looks like he was just about to go train.
  "Yeah, I went for a hunt." I answered bored. Then turn my back on him and head to the kitchen to grab some breakfast. 
  I just want to eat something, even though my wolf just ate earlier I still feel my stomach grumbling as I smell the bacon that is being cooked in the kitchen. When I open the door, the sound of noise coming from the pack members all became silent. Their laughter was turned into a silent protest, I just ignored them. Even though I can feel their eyes burning at the back of my head.
  My mother greeted me with a smile on her face. She also ignored the silence of the room.
  "Come here Dwayne and eat with us." She uttered, telling me to take the seat next to her.
  "Thanks, but I will just grab something quickly and head to where Father is." She nodded her head and told me that my father was at the borderline. Because they have seen some Rogues rooming around lately.
  When I was done tossing some bacon inside my sandwich, I hurriedly walk out.
  When I was walking down the hallway while munching my sandwich Sarah appeared out of nowhere.
  Her eyes brighten up as soon as she saw me.
  "Where did you go? When I woke up you are not there anymore." She muttered, pouting her lips as she tried to smack my chest like a child.
  "I just went for a hunt, and now that I remember I need to take a shower because I still smells like blood." I mumbled and excuse myself towards my room.
  I did wash in the river before I head back to also clear my head about what I just saw in the East Mansion. But without watching it properly the smell of blood is still stuck within me. No wonder they gave me a dirty look earlier.
  I grabbed the handle and open the shower, I let the cold water run to my body. Imagining the look I always receive whenever I step outside. Since when did I lost my authority? Yeah right, I was strip off my title. And to get that back or have the right to at least compete to that title again. All I need to do is prove myself back. But how do I do it?
  "You will be the one to take her back." Sarah's voice whispered in my ears. Right! The only way is for me to get that woman back here.
  She need to pay for what she did to me and to my pack. I clench my fist, staring at my reflection in the mirror. My complexion was still the same because of the lack of sleep.
  When I'm done, I slip into my clothes and started heading towards the Borderline.
  I need to gather a lot of information if I was planning on catching her. I passed by Sarah who is talking to someone. I didn't notice who it was but decided to ignore it. It looks like they were talking something serious. 
  When I reach the borderline my Father was talking to Hunter. And when they both notice me coming they both gave me a nod, telling me to come closer to them.
  "What happened here?" I ask, as soon as I notice some pack members being gathered around the area.
  "Oh, we were just making sure that rogues won't get close to the border again." Hunter answered, he was old but for his age I can still feel his overwhelming power. 
  The way he stare at you feels like he know exactly what you are thinking. The pack warriors didn't look surprised to see me but I still get a few glances from them.
  "So what brought you here?" My father ask not even looking at me because he was staring at the map on his hands.
  "I wanted to help. I heard that sone Rogues are seen rooming around the area. So I decided I want to help catch them." I muttered, Hunter's smile widens at my words. Tapping my shoulders as he smiled.
  "Looks like someone has decided to get out of his shell once more." He glance at my father who had a disapproving look in his face.
  "He was still unstable." He mumble but Hunter ignored it.
  "Dear boy, you will lead the borderline guards later and scout around the area." He pointed towards the dark forest. My father's eyes widens.
  "What? He already went there before." He mumbled, wait I went there before? I don't remember myself even stepping inside the Dark forest.
  "I hope you are sure about this. You know what might happened." My father uttered, I don't know why he was acting like this. Because before he would let me fight rogues without even thinking twice as part of my training.
  "Relax, he wouldn't do anything reckless." Hunter mumbled then glance at me. 
  "Right Dwayne?" He added.
  "Yes Sir!" I answered firmly. My father just shake his head and gave up.
  "He was still an Alpha, just without a pack." I heard Hunter mumbled to my father. He was right about that.
  I cannot give orders like before towards my pack members, because technically I wasn't their Alpha yet. But I was determined to get my title back. And the first step to do that was to finish off those rooming rogues.
  Because we need to find their hiding place. Some of the Faction already went back to the Central Kingdom to check it again, Cameron was the one who lead them this time. They were looking for any clues that might lead them to the whereabouts of the Royalties.
  One thing is for sure the Rogues is working with the Royalties, they told me that the Rogues actually came to their rescues during the time the Faction seize the Central Kingdom.
  "Dwayne are you listening?" I look up to find my father with the other warriors gathered in a center form.
  My father was at the center with Hunter and they were all staring at me. I didn't even notice that they were already there. My mind was always elsewhere this day.
  "Please continue." They ignored me and my father started crossing some part of the map. It was a map of the Dark forest, it was still not complete because the whole area was not yet been scouted, because the once who tried don't usually come back anymore. 
  As I stare at it somehow the area that my father was talking about looks familiar to me. Like I actually went there myself. I remember the big tree that he was pointing. Then I found myself in that place, I was standing next to that tree that I saw in the map. 
  It was snowing heavily that time, and I was looking for something, or someone? I can feel my wolf's worrying for someone. My mind was field with thoughts that I have to find someone but I don't know what I'm looking for. Then a white wolf appear next to me.
  "She was still not here. Damn where could she be!" I know that voice, it was one of the Royalties. But why am I with him? And who are we looking for?
  "Dwayne are you listening?" My father snap me out of my thoughts, when he notice I wasn't listening at all he pulled me to the side.
  "Are you sure you could do this? It looks like you are still adapting after you wake up." I couldn't say anything. But I can't just let him to take me out of this mission.
  "I am okay Dad, I was just thinking something else." I answered, he stared at me with suspicion.
  "Dad I need this, I want to make sure that I will be the one to take them down after everything that they did to me and to our pack." This time it was his turn to look away.
  "Just be careful. I almost lost you once and I wouldn't let it happen again." He uttered, I didn't say anything. I know he was afraid that I might end up getting hurt like before.
  Our encounter with Rogues always leads for us loosing someone important to us. Sarah's father died because of an attack, he was his closest friend. But he lost his life because of me. He was protecting me when the Rogues came to kill me.
  "I know, I promise you this time I will chased them back and catch them before they could even do anything." I said firmly. Just thinking of seeing them made my blood boil of anger.
  When they are done telling us what to do. They left, we were told to scout the area where the Rogues was last seen rooming. And we have to try looking for some of the pack members who went after them and never came back. This is the first time I heard about this I thought no one was hurt because of them but I was wrong.
  We are about 30 in number when we entered the Dark forest and just like his name it was still broad daylight yet inside was already dark, I couldn't remember all their names but I could recognize their faces. Some of there are with me during my training days while some just came back from their trainings in the south. That is also the reason why I forgot their names.
  "Shall we split up?" Someone uttered, I look at him. He was one of the warriors who just arrived from the South.
  "What's your name?" He scoff at me. I already don't like his attitude.
  "Ryan." He answered, he smirk at me. They were already aware about what happened. Because he wouldn't act like this if I was still his Alpha.
  "A name that I don't remember." I mumbled then turn my back in him. The others watching us started snickering.
  "What did you just say? You still act so high and mighty yet you aren't even the Alpha anymore." He throw something on me but I caught it before it hits me. It was a glove that he was wearing.
  "Now what? You were just gonna stand there? You know I always want to have a fi-" before he could even finish his words.
  A pair of glowing eyes was staring at us. Follow by a snarling sound. It wasn't a regular rogue. It's eyes were glowing red. Just like what I always saw in my dreams.
  "Move this way slowly." I ordered him and before he could even move. One of the Rogues jump over him and bite his shoulders.
  Dragging him to the darker side of the forest.
  "Shit!"

###chapter 76: Alec
  Dwayne's P.O.V 
  "Shit!" 
  I glance at the darker side of the forest, we couldn't see anything nor hear anything.
  "Are we going to go after him?" One of them mumbled. They sounded frightened and I couldn't blame them. After seeing those rogues, something about them is weird.
  "You and the others stay here. Make sure to remember the way to get out of here in case something happened ang get help. And you on the other side with the others follow me." They all nodded their heads. 
  Haft of us went to follow Ryan, I shifted to my Wolf and the others follow. I don't know why but our vision isn't that clear around this area. So we need to sharpen our ears.
  "Where are they?" Someone mumbled, I told them to shut up and focus.
  "Wait I heard something." Someone said. As he said that the sound of cracking bones echoes. Followed by the screaming sound of Ryan.
  "Over there!" We all run towards where the sound is coming from. And there he was being eaten by those Rogues? But now that I look at it properly it don't look like the Rogues we encountered before. In fact, the rogues that attack us earlier was already laying on the ground dead.
  "That was not the rogues we've seen before. What is that thing?" The creature that somehow looks like wolf turn its attention to us.
  It have the head like a werewolf, but instead of standing with its own two feet. Like a human being, red eyes stared at us as they start to drool in their saliva. 
  "Get ready." I uttered, it was the only one remaining but it still feels more dangerous, like our number is still no match to it.
  We just watch it with surprised look. And when it finally notice our presence it turns its head towards our direction. And before we could even react, one of us was already being split into half by it. My eyes grow wide because of it. I didn't even see it move, it was too fast. And when I say fast, that in a blink of an eyes 3 of my pack was already dead.
  "Warn the others, we need some backups." We used our mind link to tell the one who are waiting outside but no one is responding.
  "Focus in front of you, defend each othe-." I uttered, but before I could finish my sentence it was rushing towards me to attack. I was just in time to dodge it. It's claws left a hole on the ground where I'm standing earlier.
  Growling at me, it looks pissed then in a blink of an eyes I was flying in the air. Before I could even know what is going on I hit the large tree.
  My vision was vivid, all I could hear is the dying sounds of my pack. Is this really the extent of my power? I tried to stand but my ribs was badly injured because of the hit, I think I broke at least 5 ribs.
  My wolf was having a hard time to keep our balance but we have to help them. I jump at the back of it, and bite the back of its neck. Their size is a bit similar to ours but a bit bigger than my wolf. It started to try to grab me with it's claws, scratching me but my wolf bit it harder. It let outs a grunting sounds before it was finally able to pull me out. 
  I grunt when I hit the ground, feeling my ribs cracking. The sound of my pack mates was starting to lessen, meaning most of them died already.
  But before that I need to handle what is in front of me. It doesn't look happy for what I did to its neck. I can still taste the blood of it in my mouth. And it wasn't a good taste.
  Its red eyes were glowing, and I know I wouldn't be able to dodge its next attack but I could do something to block it and hope that it won't tear me apart.
  My wolf was watching it move slowly towards me, showing its claws I know he will aim for my chest. I don't know why I suddenly feel that way but I'm when it notice my reaction it suddenly stops.
  I don't know why but it step back and started running away. I have no idea what just happened but I felt a sudden relief that it was finally decided to go.
  But I know deep inside me that this is now going to be our last encounter with that creature.
  My wolf was to weak to keep our form and I landed on the ground back to my human form. I turn my head to the side, no one in my pack members survived. The fight didn't even take that long.
  I suddenly felt a sting in my upper abdomen. I need to get out of here. I stumbled for like 2 times before I was able to get myself up.
  Holding my upper abdomen, when I returned to the place where we left the others, I was left with nothing dead bodies. All of them are dead, they're corpses had this marks in them, this time I was sure it was the rogues doings. 
  When I woke up, I was in the clinic. Sarah was sleeping next to my bed. I sat down slowly, supporting my right upper abdomen. It looks like they came looking for us after we didn't return. 
  Sarah woke up and blink a few times before smiling at me. I stroke her red hair, it was longer now but not as long as her hair. I froze, what did I just say?
  "What's wrong? Do you still feel anything? Does it hurt anywhere? Or should I call the docto-" before she could finish her sentence. I pulled her into a kiss. She was surprised at first but then started kissing me back.
  I wanna drown myself with only about Sarah, and not about that woman. Who I'm not even sure if she exist.
  She climbed to my lap while my hands travel to the hem of her dress. Closing my eyes as I try to inhale her autumn scent. I kissed her neck, tasting and nibbling on it. Trying to find that familiarity, the feeling of being hers. But I still feel nothing.
  "Don't stop..." She gasp, finding herself having a hard time to breath. I didn't even notice that I stopped.
  "Someone might come." I whispered, hiding my guilt for suddenly feeling this way. 
  She looks disappointed at my action, she climbed off my lap and fixed her dress. She cannot hide her anger.
  "Why are you doing this?! Since you wake up you never even dare to go further than kissing me! We've done way further than that before Dwayne!" She burst out. I couldn't even look at her properly, the look of hurt in her eyes was making me feel even worst.
  "But you know what forget it! I don't wanna force you anyway!" And with that she started storming away. Closing the door in the clinic loudly.
  I let out a deep breath.
  "What is wrong with you Dwayne?" I brush my hair out of frustration. Then grabbed my clothes that Sarah probably brought to me. Which made me feel more guilty that I acted like this to her.
  As I was about to step out the Doctor arrived. This time it was one of the Doctors I saw in the facility. 
  "I will just check something." I didn't say anything and took off my shirt again. She wanted to see the claw marks and my other bruises.
  "Looks like they heal faster than expected." She muttered, giving me a mirror to see them for myself. And just like she said it was healing faster. 
  I'm sure I was still feeling them earlier but right now, the dark patches was fading. And my ribs that I could almost see it's marking was now gone.
  "Okay, now we are done." She scrabble something in her board and then walk out.
  I didn't know that we have another facility in the territory. 
  When I walk out, the pack members was gathered around. You can hear they cries from hearing the news about their families deaths.
  Hunter was there comforting each families and my father watches from a far. I still haven't talk to him about the creature that we encountered in the Dark forest.
  "You finally woke up." He mumbled as soon as he saw me.
  "I healed faster than expected." I answered as we stare at the crowd.
  "The Other pack decided to return back to their territories by tomorrow." That wasn't a news to me anymore. After what happened lately I'm sure they also need to check their pack.
  "I see, but Dad I have to tell you something about what happened yesterday." He didn't seem surprised at my words.
  "I was just about to ask you about it. Let's talk in the office." I nodded my head and followed him inside the office. He close the door as soon as I entered.
  "So what is it that you wanted to tell me?" He sat down to his chair and I took the seat across him.
  "I don't know if you will believe me what we encountered in that place was not a regular werewolf." He remained silent the whole time I retell what I just witnessed. I tried my best to describe that beast.
  He didn't look surprised at what I just said, he stood up and grabbed something from the bookshelves. It was the first time I saw it.
  "I wasn't sure but perhaps this will tell us what you just saw." The book was full of mythical creatures that you will just hear inside legends stories.
  He started flipping the book and I stood their silently. He stops at the page where the exact beast that I saw was drawn from it.
  "Lycans." I read the words written above it, there are still something written on it but I couldn't read it because there were like old writings that I'm not sure what language did they used to write it. It was like the writer doesn't want someone to know what was written in it. 
  My father didn't say anything and just stared at the picture. Like he was actually lost on his own thoughts.
  "I thought those are already gone?" I muttered, he sat down on his seat feeling dumbfounded about our discovery.
  "I also thought that but looks like we are wrong." He mumbled, we both became silent after that.
  "Keep this between us for now. " He suddenly said, I don't know why he wanted to keep the information about it but I agreed.
  I also don't want to cause another chaos towards our pack. When I opened the door Hunter was just about to get inside. Did he hear anything?
  "Oh Dwayne! I was glad to see that you are okay." It looks like he didn't hear anything.
  "I was even surprised myself." I mumbled, he just laugh at my words.
  "Well you are stronger than that, you just need to see your full potential." He mumbled then tapping my shoulders. 
  "Is your father inside? I need to talk to him about something." He stop for a minute then thought about something.
  "On the other hand you should join us." Before I could even say anything he already pulled me inside. My father was shocked to see Hunter with me.
  "What brought you two hear?" My father ask, he sounded uncomfortable at the moment.
  "Well Dwayne was about to get out but then I decided that he should join us. Because sooner he will start to take over again." My father wanted to say something but decided not to.
  We sat to the chair while Hunter remained standing.
  "Since the faction was about to get back to their own territories with the other Elders." He nodded at my father.
  "Because it looks like the rogues are on the move. The night after the time where the Rogues were seen roaming around the territory. The West was attacked by Rogues, their main office and laboratories was completely destroyed but nothing was taken." I glance at my father and he ignored me. How could he not tell me about this matter.
  "Then yesterday when you are attacked by Rogues. The East was attacked also. It was like they used all the time they had to attack the other territories while their Alphas are away." He stops. Marking the land area where the attacks are made.
  "The south received some previous attack but we all decided that it was better to keep an eyes on their territories so that if the Rogues decided to return then their Alphas would be ready for them." He stops then glances at the book on the top of the table.
  My father and I both look at each other. It was the book that we used earlier. I swear it feels like the time slowly ticking as we watch him made his way towards the table but to our surprised he ignored it and grabe a piece of marker that is above the book.
  "So as I was saying, we caught one of the rogues last time they where seen roaming around, and we tried to force him to say their location but he keep refusing and when we are finally about to make him talk. He pointed out this! Yet we are still unsure it was the right location or not because as you can see." He was talking about the markings along side the Dark forest.
  "This is where it was pointing out. But based on the map nothing is here, and some of our pack members tried to scout the area but they only came back with nothing. So this is where you will be coming." My father stood up.
  "No, he will not go there." My father object. But his words are useless with Hunter.
  "You can't do anything about it Ben, you are aware of how important this matter is." I don't know why but I suddenly feel like he was talking about another matter other than this.
  My father let out a sigh and took his seat back.
  "Now, as I was saying Dwayne you will lead them this time. Because unlike the other you are much better than them and no one is as perfect as you are on tracking them down." He uttered then smiled. I didn't say anything and just nodded my head.
  I need to find out more about that creature and also I need to find those traitors. Is what they were saying is true then that place is where they were hiding.
  When I went back in my room Sarah was nowhere to be found. It looks like she was still mad at me and I couldn't blame her for it. I was deciding if I should go find her or let her be for a while to sort my thoughts out.
  But if I stayed here I know I will just end up seeing things again. So I decided to dragged myself out and went to the only place where she could be right now.
  I walk further to the forest and stop to where Sarah's father was buried and to my surprise she wasn't there alone.
  She was with the guy that I saw before. And now that I can see him properly it was Alec, one of our pack members who are done training to the South. She was surprised when she notice me and came rushing towards me.
  "Why are you here?" I didn't even stared at her and keep my gaze towards Alec who is now walking towards us.
  "It's been a while Dwayne." He offered me his hands but I ignored it.
  "Yeah, I even almost forget your face." I muttered, he was Zion's cousin. And unlike Zion, I actually don't like him. 
  He used to beat up Zion when we were still a kid. And I was just happened to always be there to defend Zion. Alec was a manipulator, like he can deceived anyone, showing them that he was a great kid to put the blame of Zion. Ever since then I didn't like him. He tried to get close to me because of the title but I ignored him and always go for Zion's side.
  "Seems like it, because you just happened to chose the wrong beta." He bark back, I suddenly feel irritated and pulled his collar.
  "You can't act so high and mighty anymore Dwayne. You aren't the Alpha anymore remember that." He added, Sarah came rushing between us.
  "Stop that Alec! Both of you could you please stop! Can't you give some respect towards my father!" We both remained silent. I let go of his collar and he turn his attention towards Sarah.
  "I'll see you around." He mumbled, giving me a slight look before walking away.
  "Why are you with him?" She glance at me with still anger in her eyes.
  "What? He happened to be around here when I walk out on you. He was my friend during my time in the South." That explains why they both look familiar with each other.
  Then her eyes brighten up, like some idea crossed her mind.
  "Are you jealous?" She mumbled, jealous? Is that even what I was feeling when I saw them? Because when I saw them together my mind was just around the time where Alec made Zion suffer.
  When she didn't hear my answer, she pulled me and gave me a kissed.
  "You know I have my eyes only to you." She uttered, I didn't hear her other words anymore but somehow it feel like this happened before.
  Then the wind blows carrying the scent of Vanilla. 

###chapter 77: Yustef
  Yustef's P.O.V
  I wasn't surprised anymore to see her here. She was standing beside Ali, avoiding my gaze as I watch her. I wasn't even listening anymore towards what Kariz was saying.
  "Yus, focus." Noah whispered as he notice my gaze was focus only in one direction.
  Klaire was nowhere to be found because that is exactly what we want to do. Especially after we heard the real deal of the plan.
  When Clint told us that he saw Amara turned into a Lycan, I know that what will happened next will result to a different matter.
  Kariz told us that the only way to make Klaire control her Lycan was to return everything back. This is what we will discuss now. And she wasn't aware about any of this matter.
  "How can you be sure that when we returned everything back will actually lead for her to retain her humanity?" Noah mumbled, among us he was the most suspicious about Kariz intentions and we cannot blame him after everything that happened.
  "To be honest I wasn't sure." He answered but then stop for a minute. 
  "But the reason why Amara was more blood thirst and powerless against her Lycan was because she wasn't complete. I've read a book before that a Lycan must be complete. As you are all not aware of Belerick is not the first one who planned on awakening the Lycan Clans. Their father was the one who originally planned this, experimenting on his own children, Belerick was one of them. Until their Father succeeded and he finally created one but his shift was unstable. And can you all guest who it was?" We remained silent the whole time. This is the first time we heard about this.
  "It was our father, the great King Elijah. And the reason why he was trying to find the place where the Lycans are sealed was because he wanted to put an end to it. He saw the danger of his destructive power. And he doesn't want anyone to use that power into negative ways. Belerick didn't like that idea which resulted to killing them. And if you are asking why a Lycan was overpowered by Belerick is because Elijah was able to sealed his Lycan. I don't know how which is why I need your help to find that book." He was able to sealed it? Then it only means. Kariz nodded his head.
  "I want to sealed her Lycan." That doesn't make sense. He did all this to awaken her Lycan back but why was he doing this now?
  "Compared to me, Klaire was the main key to the awakening of the Lycans. That is also the reason why by just using his blood you are all able to become a werewolf. And that is also the reason why the Faction want her." I stop him for a minute.
  "Are you saying that all the things you said to Klaire was all a lie?" I was very confused right now. I glance at Clint who is not saying anything about this. So it only means he was aware about this.
  "Not all, I really do plan to destroy the Faction because that is the only way for her to live peacefully." He answered, I cannot contain myself anymore and walk towards him and punch him in his face.
  "How could you be so selfish? You manipulated and deceived us and now you are telling us that all this time everything you did was actually for her sake." I cannot stop myself. Clint pulled me away and Eliot help him while Kariz just stood there letting me punch him.
  "That's enough Yustef, I know you are angry but this is the only way." I pulled away from them and walk back to my chair.
  "I apologize for deceiving you all but I had no other choice. I couldn't tell you anything because if you all knew then you will also end up sacrificing yourselves for her." He uttered, and for the first time. He sounded like the little kid we know back in the facility.
  The frightened kid that is full of bruises and trembled everytime we appear in front of him. And also the kid that brought smile towards us, the sweet innocent child that only looks for someone's love.
  "After everything I've done to all of you before. You all deserve to at least live a normal life even though it didn't last long but I cannot delay it anymore because Amara was showing more progress of her awakening." He added, I didn't say anything anymore and just listend to his plan.
  And here we are again hiding everything towards Klaire. I just hope she could forgive us this.
  When we are done, I was about to go to Klaire when Ria pulled me to the side. I was surprised to see her. Her Hazel eyes were glaring at me.
  "Why did you agreed to it?!" She was shouting now. I grabbed her and pulled her a bit to the corner making sure that Klaire wouldn't hear us.
  "Does it matter? Everything originally belongs to her." I answered, I couldn't focus on her anger. My eyes lingers in her red lips, her short red hair was smelling like strawberry. She never change at all.
  Her Hazel eyes was furry as she heard my response.
  "How could you just do that? Does it matter? Of course it matters!" I was stunned to her words. 
  "How could you just be so selfish to decide to let your life end this way! You know you could die by giving everything back to her!" She was now shouting.
  "Tell me!" She was now punching chest. 
  "Why would you do it!" Her tears started flooding her eyes. And it broke me to see in this way.
  I just pulled her hands and do the only thing that I wanted to do when I first lay my eyes on her.
  I kissed her, at first she was hesitant but then gave up. The pull we had towards each other was too strong. And I finally gave in to the temptations.
  When we separated, we were both gasping for air.
  I just stared at her hazel eyes, remembering the first time I lay my eyes on her.
  3 years ago...
  Eliot and me stop at the near by town to investigate the case about the abduction. There were some reported cases about missing children and we hurriedly went here to investigate.
  We will stay in this town to get more information because after our whole night of searching we found nothing. Even Eliot's ability can't find anything. It was like someone is blocking us.
  While Noah and Clint went to the other town to investigate. I watch as human lives continue, clueless about the harm that this world had. They are the weakest one, but what makes them unique is their abilities to cope to everything. 
  I was just watching the little child walking with his hand around his father and mother's hold. They look like they just had a great time. It made me wonder if my parents are still alive will they held me like that when I was a kid? My mother died giving birth to me and my father was too busy treating me like I'm dead until the day he died, during that attack. Well, I can't blame him because I was the reason of why my mother died. Klaire always told me that it wasn't my fault but I can't help but blame myself. In my past life I don't even remember my own parents and nothing change in this life.
  I shift my eyes and found a woman wearing a red coat, she was also wearing a cap around her that I can't see her face. Her clothes match her hair. I don't know why, but something inside me is telling me to follow her. 
  "Where are you going?" Eliot uttered, but I ignore him and continue following her. 
  She soon approaches two kids, they look like beggars, dirty clothes with their little box on the sidewalk where they were standing. Is she one of them? I slowly made my way towards her.
  "Here use this money to get somewhere to sleep and get yourself some fresh bread and warm soup. It's cold out here." I heard her mumbled and the little kids made their way.
  "How long are you going to follow me mister?" She turn around to face me. Her hazel eyes where suspicious yet they took my breath away. I don't know why I didn't notice this earlier but she was a werewolf.
  "Surprised?" She folded her arms on her chest while staring at me.
  "I was just about to help those children from earlier but someone is got here first." What am I saying? That was a complete bullshit. She chuckle at my excuse. That was really a lame excuse.
  "Okay I will let this one slide." She turn her back at me and started walking away. What's wrong with me? What am I doing here? 
  "See you around Mr." I heard her said before I lose her. I don't know what made me follow her.
  "So that's your type huh?" I smack Eliot on his shoulders, he was watching us this whole time. 
  "What? I'm surprised myself, I can't wait to tell Klaire about this. The famous cold hearted Yustef can also feel embarrassed towards a beautiful woman." And he started laughing, I just shake my head and left him there.
  When we got back to the room we rented, he was still laughing his ass out.
  "Will you stop Eliot." I uttered with annoyance. 
  "Okay okay." He wipe the tears in his eyes from laughing so hard. 
  "Anyway did you notice that this town is weird?" Now that he mentioned, I notice that my senses was weakened. Like earlier when I didn't notice that she was a werewolf.
  "That woman is a werewolf." I mumbled and he look surprised.
  "Is that why you followed her? But how come I didn't even notice it?" Now we were asking the same question. I walk to the window, watching the snow fall heavily.
  "This might also be the reason why we can't track those kidnappers." I couldn't agree more to what he was saying. It only means that we are not the only werewolf around this town.
  When the night fall, the snow is too think making it hard to walk around and the people are now inside their houses. We decided that we will look for clues separately, I found myself into the same place where I saw her.
  The children from earlier are not here anymore, I hope they are both fine because this kind of weather will kill them from cold.
  I walk towards the direction where she left from earlier. I hurried my pace when I smelled the metallic scent of blood, when I turn to the next corridor I found her laying on the ground. She was bleeding heavily. I ran towards her and pulled her in my arms. I tap her face slowly and she open her lids.
  "Are you okay? Who did this to you?"  I caught the fainting scent of werewolves, rogues... 
  "Red eye rogues." Was the last thing she mumbled before she lost consciousness.
  Her abdomen is bleeding heavily, she will die if I will leave her alone. I mind link Eliot and told him I found someone who was attacked by rouges.
  I carried her back to our rented room. I place her in my bed. She was bleeding heavily, I need to make this quick.
  I rip her dress, she was bitten good thing it didn't reach her weak spot. I grab the first aid kit in the corner of the room and started treating her. Werewolves have a high speed of recovering but when the wounds are too deep we need to used some methods to treat them.
  "What happened here?" Eliot was carrying some medicine that I told him to pick up when he returned.
  "She was attacked. I saw some traces of the children we saw last time. She was probably attacked because she was protecting them." Eliot help me treat her wounds and when she woke up it was already morning.
  "Where am I? And you!" When she already recognize me she look surprised to see me again. 
  "What happened? Where am I?" When she notice her clothes was different she glared at me. "What did you do to me?!" She shouted. And started throwing pillows at me.
  "I had no choice but to let you borrow my clothes because yours are rip into pieces, and you are here in our room, and about why you are here, I found you at the corridor where I last saw you and you are bleeding to death." She calm down when I explained.
  "Wait where are the children???" She cannot hide the horror on her face.
  "What happened there? Tell me everything." I pulled the chair closer to her then grab the glass of water next to me and gave it to her.
  "I was walking to check those children again because the snow is getting heavy and when I got there I notice some rogues took them and I followed them they tried to take them away and I tried to stop them but then they are too many and too strong. The next thing I know someone attacked me and  then when I woke up I was here." She mumbled, her lips and trembling as she hug herself. She looks frightened.
  "Which pack are you from?" She was stunned at my question. 
  "I'd rather not say it. I run away from home." She answered. Eliot looks at me with a narrow eyes. Muttering that she was suspicious.
  "Okay, now all you have to do is rest." As I took the glass away from her. The same electric sparks travel to my body. I tried to ignored it and act normal. But failed, I hurriedly pull my hands away from her like I was burnt by something hot.
  "I will leave you will Eliot. Don't worry you could trust him.
  And before Eliot could object I was already pulling my coat on the rack and matching my way towards the door.
  "Take care." Was the last thing I heard from her but it felt like it was the first thing someone ever told me something like that. I was feeling more motivated to look for those abductors.
  And who ever those are I will make them suffer after what they did to her. Wait! This has nothing to do with her. It was all because of our mission.
  When I returned to where she was, I found nothing not even a traces that could lead me towards who planned everything. Not even a scent was presence in the location.
  I stayed there for a while, hiding somewhere that they wouldn't be able to locate me.
  But no one came, even if there are still children walking around no one came. Are they perhaps aware that we are here? So they move to another place? But no that doesn't make sense.
  When I returned to the place we rent, Eliot was waiting for me at the door step.
  "What is it?" I ask, he looks up and muttered something.
  "She was missing, I just told her that I would grab something to eat and when I returned she was gone." I don't know why I was so mad when I heard that she left. This is actually expected already but was expecting to see her when I returned. I even picked some flowers on my way here.
  Because I heard that flowers make a woman smile. And by her look earlier she was too frightened.
  "I told you to watch her!" I cannot help my self and shove Eliot away from the door. And when I got inside she was not there anymore.
  A fill of emptiness swamp at me as I stare at my bed which is now empty. Only her strawberry scent left was left.
  "Seriously Yus! What is wrong with you? Why are you acting like that towards just one woman! You don't even care about them before!" Eliot barge in the room and became silent when he saw my state.
  "Fuck! Yustef don't tell me she was..." He trailed off, then gasp when he notice that I wasn't saying anything.
  "You are right... She was my mate." I was finally able to say those words that I was avoiding since I first saw her.
  That was the first time I met her.
  "You cannot gave up like that." She muttered, I smiled at her. Brushing her hair to the back of her ears.
  "I know you don't like it. But this is the only way." I mumbled then kissed her forehead. 
  She was about to burst into anger again but she stop herself.
  "I still can't believe that you will give up your life just for her." Her words was in a mixture of jealousy. And I couldn't stop myself to smile. She looks adorable right now.
  "Don't smile at me like that! I was very angry right now!" She mumbled. I stroke her cheeks, wiping away the remaining marks of her tears.
  "I know, but there is still I chance that we might survive. So stop acting like we will die." I uttered, she just rolled her eyes at me.
  "I need to go." She mumbled then letting go of my hand as I let her go. Ali was already looking for her. And as much as I don't want her to be near him. I couldn't do anything because I can't be the man standing next to her.
  I just stayed there as she turned her back on me. Hips swaying along with her skirt.
  "I won't forgive you if you die!" she mumbled before she finally leave my sight.
  Looks like I wouldn't be forgiven.

###chapter 78: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The wind blows the scent of vanilla, I turn around to look for anyone but no one is there.
  "What is wrong Dwayne?" She ask confused about my sudden reaction.
  "Didn't you smelled anything? Like vanilla or something?" I ask, she just stared at me with a confused look.
  "What vanilla? All I can smell is the moist in the ground as well as the forest. What else should I scent?" She inhaled deeply the air around and then think for a minute then.
  "It was still have the same scent of the forest, oh I can smell some dead bodies of animals not far from us probably from your hunting. " She mumbled, while pointing at the direction of the east part where I ended up earlier.
  "I guess I was just imagining things. Anyway I'm sorry about earlier." I muttered. 
  "I don't have any excuses for what I've done earlier. Maybe I was still confused about the things that happened to me this past few weeks? Months? To be honest I don't know anymore." I blurted out, then brush my hair out of frustration.
  Sarah pulled me in her arms, letting me sink there like a kid. I know it was usually me who does this things to her but right now I just want to feel like this is the right thing to do. But yet in the back of my mind I knew something still doesn't feels right.
  "Let's just go home and sleep. Maybe you just need some rest and things will get better. Don't force yourself to much for the time being." I nodded my and lean close to her to kiss her.
  She welcomes my kissed, shutting her eyes close. I did the same thing shutting every thought I had with that woman in my head.
  I wouldn't let her ruined everything to me whoel
  ver she was.
  When we returned back, the pack was busy preparing for the departure of the Alpha's. I stood there next to Salll6io pp 0000 therah I wrapped my arms around her waist.
  Cameron and Harid show up watching us, they both gave me a knowing smile then muttered something between them. I just ignored them. I was surprised to see Alex talking to them, they even turn their heads towards us. I glance at Sarah who is now clenching my shirt hard without even her noticing that she was doing it.
  "Are you okay?" She look shocked at my words then became aware of what she was doing. 
  "Uh... Yes, I just don't like having them around." She mumbled, the look of panicked is evident but I just ignored it.
  "Don't worry about them, they were just trying to pissed me off." I uttered, I just watch as they started heading towards their cars. 
  The former Alpha's are talking to my father and Hunter along side the Elders. It looks like they were talking something serious.
  "What do you thing are they talking about? I ask Sarah, she turn her head towards the direction of where I'm looking at.
  "Probably something about the pack? Who knows." She mumbled, dismissing the subject.
  "Let's just go up to your room where we could be alone." She mumbled then wink at me. Giving me her playful smile.
  Before I could even answer, my father was already walking towards us. When Sarah notice his presence she smile widely at him.
  "Hello Alpha Ben." She uttered while bowing her head. My Dad smiled at her.
  "Looks like you two are in good terms again. I was happy to see you around Dwayne again Sarah." He uttered, I ignored his statement.
  "What is it?" I ask, then he cleared his throat.
  "The challenge for the Alpha Title will begin this week. The Elders already approved to it. Everyone is allowed to partake in the challenge." He uttered, directing his words to me.
  "You have to win." He uttered.
  "I thought I have to prove myself again before being allowed to join the challenge?" I ask with disbelief. That is the condition that they have given to me after they told me everything that I did.
  "Well the Elders already agreed to it. So prove to us that we aren't wrong on choosing you." He mumbled then started walking away.
  "Yey!! That was great Dwayne! You will be able to get back your title!" She squeal with joy and started jumping. 
  "I know." I answered with still full of confusion. I don't believe it, not even a single thing about it. I can't just believe that they will just let me go like that. 
  I'm sure they are expecting something from me. And right now I have no idea what it was.
  I look at Sarah who still cannot contain her joy and then back to the crowd. The Elders were also staring at me before giving me a nod. And for the hundred time why does it feels so wrong?
  I stood there watching them until their cars fully disappear in my eyesight.
  "Dwayne we need to celebrate!" She mumbled, I glance at her the let out a sigh.
  "I need to do something for now Sarah. When I get back we will celebrate. And just to remind you I'm still not the winner yet..." I muttered then kissed the top of her head before running inside the pack to find my father.
  When I entered his office, he was nowhere to be found. Then something caught my eyes. It was the same book that we used last time.
  I don't know why but something was telling me to look at it again. When I made sure that no one is around, I close the door. Slowly making my towards the bookshelves. I have no idea why my heart is pounding so fast. My hands was starting to sweat. Wait, am I nervous? Nervous by just opening a book?
  When I finally reach the bookshelves, which is not that far yet it feels like forever. I slowly pulled it our of the bookshelves. Putting it at the table as I start to flip every pages, different types of mythical creatures are written in it. From Hybrids to the none existing clans in our generation. I flip it again until I reach the page where the word Lycan was written.
  Tracing the markings in the paper, the word Lycan was actually like it was engraved in the paper. The black ink used to write the content of it looks like blood. I lean closer to make sure I was right. And there it was, it has the scent of old books yet the fainting metallic scent is still there.
  I stared at the symbols that I couldn't read, but as I touch it my finger was cut by the edge of the paper. 
  "Oh shit!" I tried to wipe it down but my blood already spread in the paper. But what happens next made me shock, the wording on the book was actually starting to move at it glows.
  What was happening?
  Then I can suddenly read the content of it.
  "The beholder with the blood of the King should find the match to ignite the beginning of the night." I mumbled, I have no idea what is means.
  Then the next line was starting to change again but before I could even read it. The footsteps approaching was starting to head this way.
  And without even thinking twice I hurriedly made my way to return the book to where it was.
  Followed the sound of door opening, my mother look surprised to find me here alone.
  "Oh Dwayne? I thought your father was here?" She said, I hope she didn't suspect me of doing anything or what.
  "I was also looking for him that is why I'm here. I wanted to talk to him about the challenge for the title of the Alpha that will happened within this week." I hope she will believe me, but technically speaking I am telling the truth because that was the plan earlier. Before I caught a glimpse of that book.
  "Oh yeah, I heard that earlier. Are you sure you are ready to take the responsibility back?" Her eyes was blank, I couldn't read what she was thinking right now. And I don't know why I suddenly feel uneasy being around my own mother even we are quite close before.
  "I wouldn't waste this chance. I need to get my old life back." I answered with determination and for the first time she smiled. And instead of feeling like she was sincere, it feels more like she knows something that I don't.
  "I know that my son, just make sure that this time you will aim to kill your opponent." She mumbled, then turn her back at me. She was probably going to continue to look for my father.
  I glance back to the book but then decided to get out. I need to focus on this matter first before doing anything that will only end up destroying everything I had today.

###chapter 79: Training
  Dwayne's P.O.V 
  I stared at the woman with long black hair, she was standing a few feet away from me. Her back was facing mine so I can't see her face. The wind blew passed her carrying the scent of vanilla, I even close my eyes to take in the scent. It was a scent that I could never get tired of having. She was wearing a long white nightgown. Like the one I saw in my dream. Am I dreaming again? But why does it feels so real? Like she was real. I don't know what's gotten to me but I was hoping that she was real.
  "Who are you?" I asked, I couldn't stop myself but be curious. She was always showing in my mind. 
  No answer.
  "Who are you? And what are you doing here?" I glance around we are right in the middle of the woods next to the lake. The light coming from the moon was the only thing that is giving light to us. Reflection of the moon was shining in the middle of the lake.
  "You know that I could locked you up right now. Do you even know that you are trespassing in the Northern territory?" Again no answer. It was like I was just talking to myself.
  "If you are not going to answer I will come close to you." I warned and again no one answered.
  This woman gave me no other choice. A glimmer of hope run in me as I walk slowly towards her. We are only a few feet away but my every steps feels like forever.
  When I was finally standing next to her. I wasn't sure what to do anymore. All I could hear is my heart pounding loud, I was even afraid that she might hear how loud my heart is beating right now.
  I grabbed her hand but as soon as I touch it, she was starting to shatter to pieces, like a broken glass.
  "What is happening?" Afraid that she might completely vanished I pulled her closer to me but as soon as I did that, she completely shattered like a broken glass.
  I stood there completely shocked. 
  "What did you do?" Someone's voice uttered, I look up to see everyone in the pack staring at me.
  How did they got here? They are all staring at me like I did a huge crime.
  "Why did you kill her?" Someone said,  wait kill her? 
  "I didn't kill her." I uttered in my defense.
  "What do you mean you did not kill her. You have her blood all over you." A little kid uttered, he has a blonde hair and a pair of green-blue eyes. He looks exactly like me?
  I glance down at my hands and my whole body froze. There she was completely covered with blood. Her cold body was laying in my arms as a sword was stab on her chest. And to my surprised I was holding the sword.
  It was me who stabbed her right in her heart.
  My eyes widens as I realize what just happened. Her hair was covering her face, as I tried to reach for it with my trembling hand.
  Sarah's voice woke me from my nightmare. She was staring at me with a worried look.
  "Dwayne you are having a nightmare." She uttered her eyes was teary. I grabbed her and pulled her in my arms. For the first time I was genuinely feeling happy to see her beside me.
  "Thank you." I whispered, she hugged me tighter. 
  "You know that I'm always here for you." She whispered, a sudden guilt rose again. After everything I've done to her.
  I pulled away and lean close to kiss her. It was a gentle kiss and she kiss me back. Closing both our eyes our kissed deepens. I pulled her closer to me and her hands started to travel in my chest. I slowly move my way towards her neck. She moan as soon as my mouth touch her bare neck. 
  "Oh... Dwayne." She pleaded as I reach for the hem of her night gown. I pulled it over her head showing her bare breast. 
  She blushed as I stared at her, she was beautiful, her white skin matching her red hair, I can see clearly some freckles on her skin.
  She reach to unbutton my pants and I let her. She was feeling hot at the moment. I let her do her thing, gasping for air as I grabbed her hair. 
  I pulled her towards me, she look disappointed because I didn't let her play with me longer. And I started kissing her then tearing off the only garment that she was wearing. She giggled at my action. 
  "Take it slowly Dwayne." She commented while rolling her eyes, I smiled a bit feeling guilty about why I'm using her to released this unpleasant feeling that I had because of that dream.
  Again the memory of seeing that woman flash in my mind. Shaking my head I positioned myself between her legs.
  The next morning I woke up because of the sun light hitting my eyes. I opened my eyes slowly, adjusting to the blinding light. I sat down and found Sarah sleeping soundly next to me. She was completely naked. Then the memories of what happened last night came to my mind. 
  Fuck! I did it again!
  I glance ones more at Sarah then went out to take a shower. When I got out she was still sleeping. I kissed her forehead before heading outside.
  This is the first time Sarah and I done it again after I woke up. I wasn't even sure what on earth was I thinking that I did that again to her. Well she was saying we were a couple before I lost some of my memories but I couldn't shake off this feeling of being guilty over something thay I wasn't sure what is.
  "Someone woke up late today." I turn around to see Alec, he was holding some training equipment.
  And now that I notice half of the male of our pack are now in the training grounds. Most of them are around my age and some are just a few years older than me.
  Looks like they were serious about getting that Alpha challenge.
  "Why don't you join us?" Alec said, all of them stop doing their thing and stared at me. They all look at me, waiting for my response.
  I could go and agree to them or just ignored them. But I don't like the smug look on Alec's face.
  "Sure." I uttered, then entered the training grounds right at the open field. 
  Dale was standing not far from and when he finally saw me. He ran towards me. He was the only older werewolf who was here. He was probably here to monitor and make sure no one died before the real challenge happens.
  "Good to see you back." He uttered with a smile.
  "Yeah." I answered shortly. He was probably used to my short answer and move to another topic.
  "Well as you can see we will have a little sparring session." He uttered, I look around and see them having their partners already.
  "But unlike the 1 on 1 fight, the winners will continue to fight the other challengers until they couldn't fight anymore. It was like the last man standing will be the winner." He explains, that explains the was they are all gathered into small circles.
  "And the only was to make yourself a winner is if your opponent give up. But no one is allowed to shift to their wolf. Only one on one combat skills is allowed, weapons are completely prohibited. The one who tried to use one will receive a punishment" He added making it loud enough for everyone to hear.
  I can feel their burning gaze in my head as soon as Dale left. I'm sure they all wanted to put bullets in my head. Especially after everything that happened which includes the last scouting in the dark forest which leads for everyone's death. They all blamed me for letting everyone die.
  "Is everyone ready?" Dale shouted, all of them said yes.
  I took off my shirt them move to the closest circle. I look at my opponent, he looks a few years older than me.
  "You pick the wrong circle Alpha, oh right you aren't the Alpha anymore." He said, mocking me. I just ignored him.
  "Do you even know who I am?" He ask like he was someone important that I should remember.
  "Do I look like I even know your name? I don't really remember people who aren't worth remembering." I answered, which made his face red. He was really mad right now.
  "I will make you remember." He said proudly.
  "BEGIN!" As soon as Dale said that he quickly launch at me.
  He was really hitting me hard and if I wasn't quick enough I would end up breaking a few bones. Graping his hand I used it to throw him over. I smack his head with my fist making him dizzy. I made sure not to use so much of my strength because I wouldn't just fight with him. 
  I didn't let him recover, I pinned him down with my whole body weight while I pulled his left arm behind his back.
  "If you don't give up now. I will break it." I warned as I pulled harder. He was stopping himself from screeching.
  "I will count to 3... 1 " I stop then pulled harder than before. "2" I stop again making sure that he will feel his bones. 
  "I give up!" He shouted, I let go of him and he slowly stood up holding his left arm. He should be thankful that I didn't do it with his right arm.
  When I glance up, all of them was staring at us. The look of surprise was written all over their face.
  Was it that surprising? The only one who were smiling right now is Dale and Alec. 
  When they finally recover we all continue to battle one another. Just like what I did earlier I tried to finish it quickly. And I can say some of them actually knows how to fight. And there are the ones who trained in the South. Time flies fast, I received a few bruises from now and then. I can say that I was quite proud at how our warriors develop in just a short period of time.
  Their motives are still there but I can stop myself but feel amused on how they tried to keep up to my strength. I was still an Alpha by blood but they still tried to fight me head on.
  I stop towards my neck opponent and unlike the others that I fought with so far this one is actually looking dangerous. He was staring at me like I am some kind of a prey.
  "Do you remember the people who are with you that night?" He suddenly blurted out, I look at him confusingly. 
  "No." I answered, making him more mad.
  "And you even call yourself an Alpha? You don't even remember their names." I didn't say anything because he was right. They all died because I failed to protect them.
  "Did you just stood there and watch them die?" I know whatever I say will only make him mad more.
  "I wasn't fast enough to get there in time." I uttered, recalling the time where we are attacked by that creature. Just remembering how I was there and watch them be killed and can't do anything about it.
  "You aren't fast enough? Do you really want me to believe that?" He scoff, why is he so mad at me? I scanned his face then an image pop in my head.
  He somehow look like Ryan who was killed and eaten by that creature.
  "So you are Ryan's brother?" I mumbled, he didn't look surprised at my words.
  "He was the only family I had. And you let him get killed! So I will kill you myself." I glance at his hands, he took a small knife.
  I used my hand to blocked it.
  "I will kill you!"

###chapter 80: Drawings
  Amara's P.O.V
  I was looking for Galaz right now, because he wasn't been around me for a while. And I don't know but he was acting weird after our talk in the fountain.
  Ali was the one always with me lately. And Yustef was also acting weird after I saw him with Ria. My trainings was still on the progress and I did a sparring with Ali like what we have agreed before. And I could say that he was really not an easy opponent. He was precise with his movement. His playful personality was still there but you can still sense how serious he was. We ended up calling it a draw because no one wants to give up.
  "How come you aren't with Ria?" I ask, those two are always together. So it's kinda weird not seeing them together. 
  "She was busy trying to figure out the wolfsbane they used before during the attack in the Central Kingdom." Now that he mentioned it, Kariz did tell me about a new drug that they created which neutralize us. 
  "How about you and Galaz? Did you two fight? Because he keep on pestering me to keep an eye on you." I thought Kariz perhaps given him a task or something.
  "Not that I remember. So he was just really trying to avoid me?" I somehow feel pissed. He was the one trying to always pester me and now he just tossed me aside?
  "Oops, looks like you two need to talk." He said, I didn't say anything to him. 
  And grabbed a glass of water, we were just done training before I thought of Galaz. I wanted to ask him something about his last mission which is to go to the North to at least see what they are up to.
  "And looks like Galaz just finally find another way to get himself killed." He uttered then I glance at the direction where Galaz is. He was completely covered with blood.
  "Shit what happened?" When Ali finally realized that Galaz was full of bruises he came running towards him. I followed him from behind.
  Galaz soon collapse on the ground. He was covered with claw marks.
  "What happened?" Ali and I said in unison.
  "We were attacked." He uttered, while his left eyes is closed. He was bleeding heavily.
  "Let's get him inside first. Ali take him and I will get Ria." He nodded his head and I run inside towards Ria's laboratory.
  One thing I know about Ria is that she wasn't just into creating poison or toxins but she was actually a Doctor. She did work before as a Doctor in the human territory.
  When I got there, I notice that he wasn't alone.
  "Why are you here?" It was Ria's voice and he was talking to someone. I stayed in the door, hesitant to get inside.
  "You know why I am here Ria." My eyes went wide upon realization of who it was. It was Yustef.
  "We have nothing else to talk about Yustef, last night was a mistake." She mumbled. I really don't want to bump into their conversation but right now Galaz needs help.
  I could try to heal him but after seeing his bruises I know he needed someone who is more knowledgeable.
  "I don't want to intrude but Ria, Galaz needs your help." They both look surprised to see me but Ria recover first and started grabbing her things.
  "Lead the way." She didn't even glance at Yustef who is staring at her with that unknown look on his face. It was the same look Dwayne had when I turn my back on him.
  "Let's go." I uttered before leaving Yustef there. And for the second time I knew exactly why he was acting like that.
  I stared at Ria who was avoiding my gaze. Just like Yustef she had a painful look on her face.
  I didn't say anything and led her to where Galaz was. He was in his room, Ali was standing beside him when we arrived.
  "Shit Galaz who did this to you?!" Ria started pulling something out of her bag and started treating Galaz.
  Ali and I just stood there as Ria does her thing. When she was finally finished she put Galaz to sleep.
  "That should do the thing for now. His bruises doesn't look like from a normal werewolf. It was deep and it wasn't healing at all." She mumbled as we stared at the sleeping Galaz.
  "What do you mean by that?" Ali ask, Ria look at us with a serious look on her face.
  "What did this to him was far more than a normal werewolf. The way its claw mark is longer than a werewolf. And look at this." She pointed at the large cut he had from his abdomen right across his chest.
  "It was like that thing who attack Galaz left this mark on purpose. And werewolves leaves a mark using all their claws but this one it was only one." I don't know what she was talking about but it still look like claws to us.
  "I don't get it." Ali blurted out which made him received a death glare from Ria.
  "Nevermind that. I have to talk to Kariz about this." She mumbled, then taking her things back to her bag.
  "I will come with you. I still have something to talk about with Kariz." Ali uttered, they both left and I stood there with the sleeping Galaz.
  He almost died if he wasn't treated in a hurry. I was about pull the chair on the side and used it but something caught my eyes. It was a sketch book. I don't want to actually touch someone else things but I was a bit intrigued.
  I slowly lifted it up, it was right under a pile of books. It was the books that I recommended to him. I didn't actually thought that he would really read them. 
  I flip the book open, showing a drawing of a little girl. She was smiling warmly in his drawing, black hair and a pair of black eyes. She looks exactly like how Galaz described her. In his drawings she really do look alive. I flip another page and this time it was an older couple, probably in their 50's? The woman had a black hair, and the other one is blonde, he somehow looks familiar. As I stared at it longer it looks like Ben? Or was I mistaken? I scanned it once more but the similarities are really something that I couldn't just ignore. Did Ben had a brother perhaps? I reminded myself to ask Galaz about it later.
  I flip the other page of the book, it was a lake and there was a woman standing at it. It has the same silver-white hair as I. The moon was shining in his drawing like the picture was actually alive.
  I couldn't picture the woman's face that much because he didn't finished drawing her face. Then I flip another page of the book this time I was surprised to see who it was.
  It was me, smiling so warmly. Blue-gray eyes was gleaming. My hair was black like before and the wind was blowing it. And I was actually putting some hair strands on the back of my hair. The scene looks familiar yet unfamiliar at the same time.
  I really look like I was alive and happy, I smiled bitterly at myself. Happiness? Am I even worthy of having that after everything I've done?
  I flip the other page and this time it was still me, but this time I was sleeping so peaceful. The scenery looks familiar. I touch the drawing, it was the room I had in the East Mansion. I glance at Galaz and he was nowhere in his bed. Then when I turned around there he was staring at me.
  "So it was you?" I remember that someone was actually watching us during our stay in the East.
  He slowly nodded his head, feeling embarrassed that I caught him.
  "You shouldn't have seen those. Now I'm even more embarrassed to face you." He uttered while scratching the back of his head.
  "You shouldn't be standing right now." I uttered, narrowing my eyebrow at him. 
  "I panicked when I saw you looking at my drawings." He answered. Put the sketch book down.
  "Happy?" I ask sarcastically.
  "Now get back to your bed." I uttered then push him towards his bed.
  "Okay... okay!" He said then slip into his bed. 
  "You should rest for now. I'll ask you about what happened when you feel much better." I mumbled.
  "I don't know if I was relieved that I wasn't dead yet or wish that I should die before answering any of your questions." He said while smiling. I pulled the cover to him. It was still cold and when I touch him earlier he was burning.
  "Just sleep. I will stay here until you fall asleep." 

###chapter 81: Markings
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  "I will kill you!" 
  He rushed forward and I move a step back then twist his hand to avoid the knife.
  "I will fucking kill you!" He was screaming at me. And aiming non stop to my heart.
  He was full of hatred, I was even surprised that his wolf wasn't even showing right now. But then I notice something strange his eyes are dull and lifeless yet I can feel how angry his thirst to kill me.
  I tackled him on the ground and pinned both his arms. He let go of the knife while he still struggles to get away from me.
  "STOP!" Everybody stop fighting and dale match towards us. I was still pinning him on the ground.
  "What is going on in here?" He grabbed the knife that is laying on the ground.
  "Why did you have this Renz?" Dale ask, Renz was having a hard time to lift his head so Dale told me to let him go.
  "I will kill this bastard!" He uttered, then tried to attack me again but dale grabbed him first and threw him on the ground.
  "Renz I did warned you to not use any weapon. Yet you have this and it wasn't just a simple knife. It was made of silver and it has a scent of wolfsbane in it." Dale said, while pointing at the small knife.
  Dale turn his head at me.
  "Are you okay? You didn't receive any bruises right?" He ask, I shake my head.
  "I was able to dodge all his attacks." I uttered, Renz was just glaring at me and still trying to get away from Dale's hold.
  "Take Renz to the plaza and collar him. This is what will happened to those who still wish to break the rules." He uttered, two guards appear and took Renz. He was still shouting that he will kill me but I ignored him.
  "This would be the end of our training for today. You are all dismissed." The crowd then dispersed.
  "What a lunatic." Alec mumbled besides me. If I won earlier I would be facing Alec who was also one of the remaining standing in the field after beating everyone.
  "How disappointing, I was actually looking forward on having a sparring with you." He mumbled while staring at Renz who is being dragged away from here.
  "We could still fight in the arena." I uttered then grabbing a glass of water. That was prepared for us.
  "Looks like it, I will be ready by that time." He uttered, he had a smirk written in his face.
  "I see." I answered then grabbed my shirt. As I walk, I decided that since I was smelling like sweat already, why not let my wolf run. 
  So instead of heading straight to my room I turn to the corner and went to the woods. 
  My wolf was finally release, he doesn't like the feeling that those werewolves are looking down at him. Because he was still an Alpha. So he let out his frustrations to his prey. Just like before he hunts again and finish them off. 
  We are now chasing a deer which is heading at the cliff side of the forest. We need to catch him before it could run away. But before we reach it, something caught my eyes.
  It was the place that I always goes to whenever I wanted to be alone. I slowly made my way towards the tree trunk. I shifted back to my human form. Closing my eyes, all I could hear is the chirping of the birds, the wind brushing on the trees as they swing and hit each other, the ocean waves hitting the walls of the cliff. 
  The smell of moist on the ground, the salty smell of the ocean. It was like up here everything is just so peaceful.
  I sat down on the tree trunk, then something flash in my head. 
  "Goodbye." I turn around to look for the person who said that but no one is here. 
  Am I imagining things again? But then a flash of a dark haired woman sleeping next to me just like in my dream. Her head was resting in my chest as she sleeps soundly. I can't help but smile at that thought.
  Wait? What is wrong with me? I shake my head once more trying to erase her out of my head.
  I touch the trunk of the tree and now that I notice there are wild flowers blooming at the bottom part of it. Their petals are black at the tip buy white in most part of it. I don't know why but that woman came across my mind when I saw them.
  "Shit! Dwayne you are really crazy." I whispered to myself. No one knew this place anyway except me. Or so I thought? I glance up and found some unfamiliar markings on the trees. They are claw marks, but unlike a regular werewolf this once are longer.
  The creature that we encountered at the dark forest cross my mind. But that would be impossible. If that creature even tried to cross the border we will know. Especially after everything that happened before most of the area are guarded 24/7. So who did this?
  Then I remember Renz unusual behavior. Because earlier he was acting like he was under something because he was too angry to the point that he tried to attack everyone who tried to stop him.
  I shifted back to my wolf and tried to track the scent of the one who did this but I found nothing. The scent was actually not clear, I couldn't locate the exact location where that thing came. But then I notice some claw marks from some trees and followed it. Why didn't I saw this things before? I followed them until I was stop in front of the East Mansion. Again this place.
  I walk towards the door and swung it opened, the place still looks the same. No markings of intruders or anyone who tried to hide here. I check the upstairs and found nothing. Then I checked each room and found nothing. Until I stop to the last room that I haven't check, it was the room next to the veranda.
  I don't know why, but my heart was pounding hard as I felt my hands starting to sweat when I grabbed the door knob. The door swung open and I was surprised to find someone sleeping in the bed. The scent of vanilla reach my nostrils. Her black hair was facing me as she was sleeping facing the veranda. 
  She wasn't wearing anything, the light coming from the outside was shining her pale skin. I slowly walk my way towards her, not wanting to make any sounds that could result for her to wake up.
  I was trying to hold by breath as I get close. Afraid that she will hear my heart beating so fast. What is wrong with me. I pick up the cloth in the chair and slowly covered her naked body. At first I thought she was dead or something and felt relieve when I heard her breathing. 
  Why are you acting like this Dwayne? She was trespassing! I scolded myself.
  "Hmmm." I stop breathing when she move. Oh shit! Did I wake her up?
  "Dwayne? Are you here?" Fuck! I watch in horror as she slowly move. Wait what should I do. 
  I ran downstairs and went to where Sarah is.
  "What are you doing here?" I ask her, she narrow her eyes at me.
  "When I woke up, you are gone. Then I heard about the incident in the training. Are you okay?" I don't know why I was acting like this like I was hiding something.
  "I'm fine Sarah, it was just a small incident. And about what I was doing here is that I was chasing a deer earlier then it went inside. But when tried to find it, it was gone. It probably run to the backdoor." She narrow her eyebrows. She look suspicious. I hesitantly glance upstairs, wondering if that woman was awake.
  "Are you hiding something Dwayne?" Before I could even answer she ran upstairs and went inside the room.
  "Wait Sarah, I s-" before I could finish my sentence. I was stunned at Sarah sitting at the bed alone.
  Wait? Where did she go? I look around and still found nothing not even a glimpse of her vanilla scent was left.
  "Why is your face like that Dwayne?" She was checking the room. Checking the closet, bathroom and even the veranda.
  "What are you hiding here Dwayne? Why aren't you saying anything." I couldn't even find my tongue to utter anything. Was I imagining again?
  "I was not hiding anything Sarah, I told you I came here because of the deer that my wolf wants." I mumbled, Sarah then gave up and cling on me.
  "I was really worried about you earlier. I thought something bad happened to you that's why I came running looking for you. And this is the last place that cross my mind so I went here. And to my surprise you are really here." I don't know why but I felt her last words was sarcasm.
  "Let's just get out of here. This place makes me feel stuffy." She mumbled and pulled me outside. 
  I was silent the whole time we head back to the pack house. I was so sure that she was real earlier but now? I don't know anymore.
  I've been seeing things lately and it was making me more confused. There is only one thing to know if she was real and what I saw earlier wasn't just my imagination.
  When came across the plaza where Renz was being tied up and collar. 
  "You go ahead first, I will talk to him first." I mumbled at Sarah.
  "Are you sure? He just tried to kill you earlier." She said hesitantly. She was looking back to me then to Renz.
  "Yes, just get back first. I will find you when I'm done." I mumbled, she didn't say anything.
  "Promise, I will be careful." I uttered and kissed the top of her head. She then nodded her head and started walking away.
  Now I need to talk to him. I made my way towards Renz who had his head down.
  "What are you doing here?" He sounded more calmer now compare to earlier.
  "I need to talk to you about Ryan's death." Just mentioning his brothers name shifted his mood. I can smell her anger and sadness in the air.
  "What else do you want to say? He was dead already and I didn't even saw his body." His voice broke, indication that he was about to cry. But I know he was stopping himself.
  "I apologize that I was not able to save your brother and like you said, I was embarrassed about it myself. We were attack by some kind of creature, it was something that we didn't expect. And Ryan, that thing killed him." I mumbled, and he couldn't stop his tears.
  "He was the only family I had. And earlier I don't know what's gotten into me but I was so mad that I couldn't think straight." He confessed, and I know he was telling the truth because now that I could remember them clearly. 
  He was the younger brother of Ryan their parents both died during the Rogue attack during our first shift, he even tried to join the training earlier even if he was still young. But I can say that his skills is are something commendable.
  "I understand, and don't worry. I will talk to Dale to get you out of here." He look at me with surprised.
  "Shouldn't you be mad? I tried to kill you and based on what Dale said the knife I used had a wolfsbane in it." He uttered.
  "I'm not mad and if I was also in your situation. I would probably do worse than what you did." I uttered. He didn't say anything.
  "I still have to ask you about something. Where did you get that knife." He started to think for a second.
  "I wasn't sure, I couldn't remember anything. All I could remember was when I woke up today and saw you during the training. All I could think is kill you. I'm embarrassed about what I did. I apologize." He mumbled, while looking down on his feet.
  I tap his shoulders.
  "Don't worry, I was still alive and you should have brought a bigger weapon if you really want to kill me." I mumbled, then turn my back on him.
  Looks like someone really wanted me dead. But who it was? Knowing my situation I wasn't even surprised to find someone aiming for my throat.
  It was already midnight and Sarah was sleeping soundly, I slowly lifted the cover and went straight towards the door. I need to go back to where I saw those markings. Because that is the only way that leads me to the East Mansion.
  The memory of her laying on that bed cross my mind, her silky black hair was long enough to cover some of her body. Her pale white skin was glowing, and her face... I didn't see it because before I could even, Sarah came.
  I shifted to my wolf and started running towards the woods. I went straight first to where I saw the markings earlier. When I got there I stared looking for the tree that had a marking. I stop right in front of it, feeling my heart pounding in my chest.
  Closing my eyes at first then letting out a deep breath.
  "Please be here." I whispered to myself before opening my eyes. My eyes went wide when I found nothing.
  The tree was completely okay, and there were no markings on it. I move to the other trees and just like the first one, no markings. I still continued to look for the trees that I saw earlier and to my disappoinment non of them had the markings that I saw earlier.
  I shifted back and slip into some clothes before stopping at the East Mansion.
  I stared at it for a while. What is with this place? That I am seeing this kind of things.
  I don't know what is wrong with me but I made my way inside, towards the familiar stairs, up to the last room where I saw her.
  The door was close and just like earlier I can't help but feel nervous. I close my eyes at first then. 
  Open the door loudly...

###chapter 82: Everything change
  Amara's P.O.V
  I was running towards and endless place, it was so dark that I couldn't even see where I was going. And someone or something is following me from my behind.
  I could hear its footsteps and it was getting close. I keep running and running until I found a tree and hid behind it. Now I was in a forest, I covered my mouth trying not to make a sound. I can hear the growling sound of the one that is chasing me. And it was right behind me.
  My heart was pounding so fast, and when it was finally quiet. I slowly step away from the tree and tried to take a peak if it was still there. But then, something drops in my head, it was like a liquid? I touch my hair and almost scream when I notice it was blood. 
  My whole body was trembling as I slowly lifted my head... 
  "Amara?!" I opened my eyes and found Galaz staring at me. 
  "What happened?" I ask unsure what just happened. He stared at me with a weird look.
  "That is what I should ask you. Look at yourself you are naked and only covering yourself with this cloth.
  I look down at what I was wearing and it was a white cloth that was big enough to cover my whole body.
  But what is weird is that my feet are full of mud.
  "What did just happened?" I ask him and he just answered me with the same confused look that I had.
  "I should be the one asking that." I ignored him and look around. I was inside Galaz room, I remember that I told him to sleep and then after that I woke up in this state.
  "Here, wear this first and use the bathroom so you could get yourself clean." I didn't say anything and pulled the large black long sleeve he was holding and went straight to the bathroom.
  What just happened? I close my eyes and let the water run to my body. I cleaned my feet and let myself dry. After I was done I went outside and found Galaz sitting at the bed. 
  "Feeling better?" He ask, I nodded my head.
  "How are you feeling?" I ask, trying to keep my mind away from the thoughts of why I was on that state earlier. And looks like he notice my change of subject and I was surprised that he just let me.
  "They still hurt, but I was feeling much better than before." He mumbled, I caught a glance at the sketch book again. This is my chance to ask him about it.
  "Why do you have a drawing with Dwayne's father?" He didn't look surprised at my question, but it seems like he was hesitant to answer.
  "You saw that huh." He mumbled, but then didn't say anything.
  "If you don't want to answer it then let me change my question to why do you have drawings of me?" His face turned red when I said that. 
  "You even saw that?" I nodded my head. He did saw me checking his sketch book right?
  "I don't know. Kariz always made me watch over you before and I just found myself sketching you." He mumbled then turned his back on me.
  "Since when did you start to watch me?" I couldn't help myself but ask.
  "Right from the time where you encountered Ali, after that I was the one assigned to keep an eyes on you." Don't tell me he saw everything. My eyes widen upon realization. And he didn't seems like he was denying it.
  "You saw everything?" He laughed at my words, like he just caught me doing something bad.
  "Yes and no, don't worry whenever that Alpha was around, I don't usually follow you. I wasn't so fond of romance movies you know?" And he started laughing. I smack his arms hard which made him whimpers.
  "Shit! Are you planning on killing me?" I rolled my eyes at him.
  "If you don't stop I will." I mumbled, then head to the door.
  "Thanks for the clothes. And please keep whatever happens today to yourself." I mumbled, then left him. I went straight to my room.
  What did just happened? 
  I close my eyes trying to remember what happened but still nothing. All I could remember is that vivid dream I had before Galaz woke me up.
  I stared at the ceiling how long was I asleep? Because when I glance at the window the sun was about to set. What should I do now?
  I jump off my bed and change to my clothes, Galaz clothes smells like him. The scent of fresh spring, totally opposite to his dark looks.
  I think I would walk around, I opened the door and head outside where I could go for a run. I found Clint not so far from me, he was also running his wolf was shining in the field. When he notice my presence, his wolf run towards me.
  My hands automatically brush against his white fur, closing my eyes. I did missed him. And I know he could feel it as he close his eyes. We stayed like that for a while until I let him go.
  He lay down next to me and I sat next to him. I was planning on going for a run but looks like I wouldn't be able to do it.
  "It's been a while since we last did this." I mumbled, he scoff his head closer to me.
  "It was my fault." He mumbled in my head. I shaked my head.
  "You know that all of this wouldn't happened if not because of me." I said, recalling how much we all suffered both in our past life and now.
  "A lot of things happened and you wouldn't be able to stop them all Klaire." He answered, Klaire... It's been a while since I heard that name.
  I didn't say anything to him and just keep silent. We just remained like that until the others arrived.
  "Why are you all just by yourselves?" Noah mumbled, and took a seat next to me.
  "That was really unfair of you two." Eliot joined in and sat next to Clint.
  "How could you all forget me?" Yustef uttered, who just arrived. 
  "We aren't here for a picnic you know." I mumbled, they all ignored me and continue to talk to each other.
  "Well wasn't it nice to have a giant pillow here." Noah then lean his back to Clint. He growled at him but he just ignored him.
  The others also did the same.
  "Yeah, you are right about that Noah. " Eliot said, then tried to fixed Clints fur to his liking.
  "Seriously? Can you both shut up?" Yustef uttered, trying to pretend that he was about to sleep.
  Clint couldn't stop himself and started kicking them one by one. They just laughed at each other. And I couldn't stop myself but smile.
  This feels like the old times when we are still back in the Central Kingdom. I usually climb to Clint when we run towards the field, and we usually use him as a cushion. Because he was the biggest back then. And now all of them are almost the same size.
  "It's been a while since I've seen you smile." Clint uttered, resting his head on my shoulders. I stroke his face and close my eyes.
  "I wish we could stay like this, but we can't." I uttered, then stood up and start heading back inside.
  They all tried to call out for me but I just ignored them. I couldn't let myself be back into that delusions that we could still be the same like before. Because we all knew that everything has change. 

###chapter 83: Arena
  Dwayne's P.O.V 
  The door swung opened and my heart is hammering in my chest. But to my surprise I found nothing, just an empty bed. With no one around, I entered and check every corner of the room but found nothing. To my dismay not even a scent is left.
  Did I really just imagine everything? I glance up, the moon was on it was almost instantaneously becoming a waning gibbous. So it means that during the time of the Arena it would be a full moon.
  I sat down at the bed, feeling it like I was missing something important but I couldn't quite put my hand on it.
  What is it?
  I lay myself into this empty room, weirdly I feel comfortable in this queen size bed. 
  Then finally sleep visit me.
  A ray of sunlight hitting me in the eyes, waking me up. I covered my eyes with my eyes then slowly adjusted to the blinding light. 
  Wait? This is not my room. I hurriedly stood up then realize what happened and why I am here. 
  "Shit! Dwayne seriously?" I pulled myself out of the East Mansion. Still having this weird feeling.
  Maybe I should really avoid going here. This place is causing me to see things that aren't even there. As I walk downstairs the wind blew on the back door, was it opened before?
  I made my way towards it and was welcome by an old garden. The garden was not in good shape anymore like the whole place was totally abandoned.
  They did say this was the old place of the Royalties, this is particularly the second biggest Mansion in the territory and they just let those traitors live here and now the whole place is nothing but an old building.
  As I stare at the old fountain my head was starting to hurt, feeling my vision blurring. Until the darkness completely took me in.
  I was surrounded by fifteen rogues, when I look around I was in the exact same place earlier. It was the East Mansion, but right now I don't know what is happening.
  "We just want the girl." I narrow my eyebrows. What was happening? Who was he talking about?
  They all started attacking me, trying to get inside but I have no control of my own body and started killing who ever tried to get close to the mansion.
  When I was done, the scent of vanilla caught my nostrils. That scent again, before I could even figure out who it was. I was already falling back to sleep. 
  Shit! Wait! I have to see your face! Let me see your face!
  I woke up because someone is licking my face and when I look who it was, it was a fawn, a baby deer that looks like it was just about a few weeks old. Maybe they got here because the doors are opened. 
  Startled by my sudden movement it started to run away. The head ache that I just had was now gone. I don't know how long was I asleep but one thing I'm sure of. They were probably looking for me and by the looks of it was already passed noon.
  I hurriedly made my way back to the packhouse and just as expected. Sarah was waiting for me at the door.
  "Dwayne? Where have you been? I was looking for you since I woke up." She sounded mad but I have no time for her.
  "Sarah I was trying to check something. I will explain everything to you later okay?" I didn't wait for hee answer and head straight to my father's office.
  When I got in, he didn't seems surprised to see me. I have to know something about that woman. And one thing I am sure of, that she was connected to everything that I have forgotten.
  "Who was the woman that was with the Royalties?" He froze at my words then look at me straight in the eyes.
  "Did you remember her?" He ask, I don't know why is that even important. I need to know who that woman is! If she was the one with the Royalties or not. I don't even know if I am going crazy or not. But I need to find answers!
  "Dad just answer me! Does she have black hair?" This time he couldn't hide his surprised look on his face. Then turned to worry?
  "How did you know that?" I ignored his questions. So I was right!
  "Was she the one who caused me to do everything I've done before? Was she the one who brain washed me? Was that the reason why I keep seeing her in my head?" I couldn't stop myself anymore. He stood up and told me to take a seat but I couldn't just relax and act like nothing is wrong.
  "Yes, that was her Dwayne. And knowing that you still see her only means you are not yet completely out of her control." I was surprised to hear Hunter, I turned around and find him standing on the door. I didn't even heard him coming.
  "You see Dwayne. This is exactly the reason why we need her back. Because the only way to stop her is by having her locked up." He added, J looked at him with confusion.
  "What do you mean lock her up? Was killing her means it won't stop?" Wait? Why does I suddenly felt like I've said something wrong. My wolf was also not liking the idea of killing her.
  "You see Dwayne, she was reincarnated and if we killed her in that easy then she will just be born again." He explains, reincarnated? Was that even real?
  I stared at him with disbelief.
  "You will understand soon, but right now what you are seeing are probably her way of getting you back to her control." I don't like the idea that someone is controlling me. And if what they are saying was true then I have to put an end to it.
  I need to get her. 
  The day of the Arena finally arrived. I glance around the crowd everyone had their own eyes to their warriors who wanted to join in.
  Sarah clench my hand.
  "Do you really have to do this? You already know that you will be the Alpha." She muttered, then lean her head to my chest.
  "I have to do this Sarah, I need to get their respect back and by doing this. It will only show that no one is more capable than me to be their, your Alpha." I uttered, then pulled away.
  The Arena was set on the open field where the training grounds is. Then had a circular stage in the Center where the battle will take place. 
  Dale went up the Arena, he would be the referee, My father along side Hunter was sitting at the front part. Like how things are usually done the one who remain standing would get the chance to go against the Alpha. And if he won then the title would be his.
  "Okay now everyone, I know you are all excited to see who will win this fight, and also we all know that who ever won would get the chance to fight and take the Alpha Title." The crowd was starting to cheer. 
  "Looks like everyone is already ready, now let me first explain the rules of the game. This time there is no turning back, the fight would be a one on one combat skills. No one would be allowed to use their wolf, weapons are also highly prohibited. The one who caught using one would be automatically be a rogue because you won't be welcome to our pack anymore. Also the warrior will only be determined as a winner only if the the opponent completely gave up or die. No one is allowed to stop the fight, once it begin no one can get out of the Arena. I will still give you all a chance to at least give up when you notice that you might end up dying but if you still wish to continue and you actually died, the winner won't be responsible for it. So before we begin does anyone wish to withdraw?" No one dare to speak a word after what Dale said.
  Withdrawing to a fight is not something the Crescent Moon is known for. All our warriors are trained to get themselves ready for every fight. And now that I notice all the participants who joined are only those who I haven't fought during the trainings. But majority of the previous participants are now gone. They probably know that I wasn't going to be an easy opponent for them.
  "Good luck babe! Please be careful." Sarah whispered then kissed me on the lips before heading to where my mother is sitting.
  I glance up, and it was a full moon. Indication that everyone are in their right condition. The full moon is where the werewolves usually have their strongest self. Because it was the time where the Moon Goddess was fully watching over us. It was believe that she tend to give us an additional strength as its light shines upon us.
  "Ready?" I look over my shoulders and found Alec. He keeps on showing up out of nowhere.
  "Never been better." I uttered, then the first pair went up the Arena.
  "I've seen you fight during the training and I could say that I was quite impressed by your skills. " He mumbled, as we watch the battle.
  "I hope I could say the same to you." I stop then look at him. 
  "I never watch you during the training." I added, the bring back my attention towards the two participants.
  I remember their names is Lewis and Luca. Both from the training grounds of the south. And I could say that they were quite skilled. Lewis was the red hair one who is much faster than Luca. But Luca on the other hand was much more stronger. His attacks were quite precise. 
  "I was quite hurt hearing that from you. But I wasn't surprised anymore. I know that you were always that arrogant Dwayne, feeling entitled and looking down at others." He uttered, I want to hit him so bad but I know doing that would only cause another trouble for me. So I will just wait until we had a fight at the arena.
  "We both know who was the one looking down at who. You aren't even that skilled Alec. Zion beat remember?" I said, then started walking away from him. I don't wanna waste my energy talking to that idiot.
  The crowd started cheering, and Lewis was already laying on the floor. Are they really serious about the death thing? I glance at my father's direction but what caught my eye is the smiling Hunter. And to be honest it gives me chills all over my body.
  "Our first winner Luca Derich!" The crowd goes wild, while I saw some crying. Probably some of the relatives of Lewis.
  "Next is Peter and Tyler!" Another two entered the arena while some pulled Lewis body out of the stage.
  The fight started and just like what happened in the first round one of them came out dead. I just stood there quietly, watching the number of participants decreasing each round. No one did gave up, probably not wanting to embarrassed their families. But was that even important than keeping yourself alive?
  "For our next round, we have Gavin and Dwayne!" This is the first time my name was pick. This is the first level of the challenge, what do I expect?
  I watch my opponent enter the arena. He was staring back at me. He was also from the south training. He bigger and much obvious built than I do. The crowd was completely quiet unlike before. All eyes are on me as I walk towards the arena. 
  "Now you both know the rules, and don't even try to plan on doing anything because I will be watching you both." Dale then tap both our shoulders before he walks outside.
  "You could give up now Alpha." He uttered, mocking me. I ignored him, I don't wanna end up getting too mad to the point thag my wolf would end up crawling out of my skin.
  "BEGIN!" 

###chapter 84: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  I stared at the moon, it was full moon today. I don't know why everyone is acting weird around me lately. Everyone is rotating on their surveillance around me.
  I guess Galaz was not able to keep his mouth shut after what happened last time. I was not even able to see Kariz because he was busy looking for this book. That I have no idea what for. He just told me that it was for the time of the ritual. 
  Weird right? I thought we will be using his scientific machine like what they did in the facility before but he said that won't do anything because this time everything is not like how it was before.
  The werebouts of the Lycans was still unknown to us, but Kariz has his own suspicion after he found one of the bodies of the Lycan.
  "What are you planning to do now?" I glance up at Noah, who is now the one keeping an eye on me. 
  Kariz did say that it was necessary because during this time I was completely unstable and to make sure that I wouldn't do anything that I might regret after. 
  "Who knows." I uttered, he didn't say anything abd remained silent. We both just stared at the full moon in the dark sky.
  "Have you heard anything about the plan?" I ask, because they wouldn't let me go with them which is making me mad. They keep on saying that it would be better if I stay here.
  "Eliot and Ali will handle the East territory, they tend to keep an eye on them for the meantime. Because as you already know the Alpha's are back to their territories so it would be more difficult to keep track on them unless Eliot and Ali go there by themselves." He explains, just like me Noah seems tense.
  "What do they really want to do there? We already succeeded on destroying some of their warehouse and other facilities." Noah stared at me then let out a sigh.
  "The problem is bigger than what we expected, they are breeding new types of werewolves. So we are stopping and keeping track on them before they finish anything." He answered.
  "Are they using humans again?" He shake his head. Making me raise an eyebrow.
  "They discover that using werewolves would result to a much higher progress." I gasp upon hearing it. So it means they are using their own pack members.
  "How could they do that? That might results to death." I muttered, still not believing that the Faction I once knew was actually doing this kind of things.
  "They don't care at all, about how they did it was still unknown to us. But one thing is sure that they used the Lycans blood to create new breeds." 
  After hearing all that, I understand why Kariz wanted to awaken my Lycan. Because right now we need this power to fight against the Faction.
  "I need to talk to you." We turned around to find Zion, he looks like he run out of nowhere. Wait isn't he with Clint? 
  "What happened? Where is Clint?" Noah and I both said in unison. 
  "I have the book." He mumbled, but why do I feel like relentless, and what he was going to say next made me stiffen.
  "Clint was caught." My eyes went wide at his words, Clint? How?
  "And there is more Dwayne, it happened so fast. I was the one who should get caught but Clint surrender himself. And told me to get the book here." He muttered the last sentence like he was not sure about it.
  "What do you mean?" I ask, unsure if I was ready to hear what he will going to say.
  "Just like I said, Dwayne was like a complete different person. We were watching the Pack and finally got inside without anyone noticing then it looks like the whole pack was actually busy about the challenge, and just by looking at it, it was obvious that it was for the Alpha title. Looks like after Dwayne was caught that night he was actually strip off his title. But while they were busy we sneak inside the pack house, Clint search the office while I went upstairs. I don't know how Dwayne got there that fast but before I could do anything he was already chocking me. Like he doesn't know who I am. Then Clint arrived and push Dwayne aside. He told me to get out quickly and return here to give you this." He explains while holding his throat which had some markings in it. He was embracing an old book in his hand.
  "You finally have it?" Kariz appeared out of nowhere.
  "Yes, here it is." Zion said, he was about to give it to Kariz but I took it first.
  "We need to get Clint first." I uttered, staring at Kariz who is staring at me with a blank look.
  "Amara, Clint wanted us to have the book that is why he made sure that Zion would get it here." He mumbled, I ignored his words.
  "No! We have to rescue him first!" I said, I glance at Noah trying to look for another person who would agree to me.
  "Klaire, what Kariz said was right. Right now we need to finish what we should do then after we will make sure to get Clint back in one piece." Noah said, which was unexpected knowing him.
  "How could you all say that? He sacrifice himself for that book and now you want me to just stay quiet? And Kariz you know that we need him for your plan to happened!" I mumbled, Kariz didn't say anything. And with a quick move he was able to take the book from me.
  "Clint probably saw something in this book, that's why he let himself stay." He said. Then started flipping the book.
  "So it was all true, everything he said before was all true. Ha! I couldn't believe it even if I am seeing this with my own two eyes." He uttered, talking to himself.
  "What are you talking about?" Noah said, while he was staring at him with a confuse look.
  "This book if full of legends, the mystical creatures that are made before we are even made. Just like Lycans. But what we only need right now is to find the location of where the Lycans were sealed. This book was not just an ordinary one. It was a map but it also say something about how to keep the Lycan sealed." He said. I stared at him still confused.
  "Don't you want to awaken my Lycan? Then why are you looking for ways to keep the Lycans sealed?" Kariz remained silent.
  "Amara, you are already a Lycan." He muttered, I started laughing at his words. But Noah remained silent like he wasn't surprised unlike Zion who have his eyes wide open.
  "Wait? You are joking right? Me a Lycan? That was impossible, I thought you are trying to awaken my Lycan and now you are saying that I am a Lycan?" Kariz remained silent, are they trying to messed with me?
  "It was true Amara. Remember the time I showed you the Lycan and told you that I've seen one before? It was true I did see one before because it was me." And with that Kariz shifted into the furry, werewolf like creature. Black fur with ruby eyes.
  "I was keeping you away, because you are the only key to unsealed them. You are the pureblood Lycan, because you have the power that you inherited to our mother and our father's Lycan blood." I stared at him still not sure if I should believe him.
  "I don't understand. I was just a human all this time and so are you!" Back in the facility we were just some normal human, they are the one who made us into this using the blood of the Lycan. Belerick did that to us! Then what was he talking about that we are actually a Lycan? 
  I know I was staring at him and he was full shift Lycan. But I don't understand how?
  "Amara, our father was the first one who was successfully shifted into a Lycan." I stared at him at him with a confused look.
  "That's not true, I saw him shift in my memories and he didn't shift like you!" I mumbled. 
  "Are you sure about that? Why don't you revisit your memories again and see everything with your own eyes. You did shift before Amara." He mumbled, I was surprised to see him speaking normally in that form.
  Noah and Zion, remained silent in the back. Looks like Noah knew about this already.
  "I did-" I froze when the memories started flooding in my head.
  How I was able to kill those werewolves during that time. The reason why I always end up seeing myself covered with blood and mad.
  Then the memory from last time came flooding in my mind. How I ended up getting all those mad and went back naked.
  I woke up and found myself completely thirsty, like I was looking for something. I jumped of my window, I was surprised that I was able to jump that high and not make a sound. And for the first time as I ran fast, I felt like I was actually free.
  I went to the familiar road, to where he was. I stopped to the last place that I spend with him. It was still broad daylight but I don't know where did I get this courage that I was able to come here without anyone seeing me. Oh yes, now that I remember someone did see me but I was able to subdue their wolf and let them fall asleep. 
  I stayed there for a while, when I suddenly felt that tingling thirst again. Then something caught my eyes, it was a huge deer running in the woods. Before I could even think, the dear was already dead. I glance at my hands then notice the blood dripping from them. I killed it?
  I notice how my senses are actually enhance, more than the time I let my rage took over. I was near the East Mansion, and before I could even notice I was already inside the Mansion. Taking the familiar step to my old room. Where I last saw him, the look on his eyes that time flash in my mind...
  His tortured look, how those green-blue eyes lost their brightness when I uttered those words.
  I glance at myself in the mirror, I can't even recognize myself. I can see myself but I wasn't myself. I look like the same monster I saw in my dreams. But unlike in my dreams I wasn't afraid.
  Closing my eyes, I suddenly felt myself getting dizzy all of a sudden. And before I could even stand in my feet, darkness fully consumed me...

###chapter 85: Arena II
  Dwayne's P.O.V 
  "BEGIN!" Dale shouted, and my opponent didn't waste any time and rushed forward. He kicked me in the side which made me lost my balance. 
  "Not so tough aren't we?" He uttered while smirking. I didn't say anything and returned his kick. 
  "Not so tough aren't we?" I mutter, repeating his words. He then lividly attacked me without even stopping.
  All I did was blocked him, he wasn't thinking anymore right now and just want to completely knocked me down. But before he could even do that he was tired enough that I don't need to block his attacks. I was able to see his everymore and even predict them. And with a one swift blow I punch his stomach, making him puke blood. 
  "You should give up now, or else you will die." I whispered to his ear. And to my surprised he was still able to stand.
  I smiled to myself, their skills right now is really something that I couldn't look down at them.
  "We were just starting." He mumbled, wiping the blood on his mouth.
  We continue to fight and at the 2nd round I was able to completely made him surrender. The crowd became silent after our fight.
  "Good work." Dale patted my shoulders after the fight. I didn't say anything and went out of the arena. 
  When I got out Sarah is waiting for me and she was with Alec.
  "That was fast." He mumbled, but I ignored him.
  "Why don't you just shut up Alec? Can't you see that you are disturbing us?" Sarah said, while rolling her eyes. Alec just laughed at her.
  "You know that I just want to congratulate him for winning his first game." He said, then look at me with a smile on his face.
  "Congratulations, I will be looking forward on our fight." He mumbled, I didn't say anything and Sarah push him away. 
  "Geez! Just get out! Can't you see he wasn't interested." Alec then put his hand on the air like he was surrendering and then started walking away.
  Alec was called after an hour, he will be fighting against Dale's son Dexter. Dexter was a few years older than me. He was around the age of Zion's brother. And Dale was the one who trained them before they went to the South to complete their training there. Dexter was also one of the head guards of the border. And I could say his skills is something that you couldn't ignore. He was a pretty descent fighter.
  But Alec was also someone that you wouldn't remember, as I watch him fight with Dexter, he was completely overpowering him. And he was aiming for all the weak spot of Dexter. He even broke his arm, making it hard for Dexter to block his attacks. And it didn't take that long to know who the winner is. Dexter got out of the arena completely bleeding while Alec wasn't even that beaten up. 
  "How could he do that?" Sarah whispered to herself as she watch Alec with a surprised look. 
  "What do you mean? You know his skills. How could you be surprised after seeinh him fight now?" She shakes her head unknowingly.
  "I know Alec, and yes, he was a good fight but not like that. He wasn't that good before." She mumbled, I didn't say anything and just look at his direction. He was staring at me with a smug look on his face.
  Dale entered the Arena looking uncomfortable, of course that was expected after seeing what happened to his son. But he completely swallowed it away as he announced Alec as the winner.
  The crowd was loud when he went out of the Arena. Then he went straight towards Hunter, he then said something to him before Hunter smiled widely. How did they know each other? I don't remember seeing Hunter around Alec before.
  Then Dale announce the next participants. My mind drifted away to how was Hunter and Alec familiar with each other? I haven't seen Hunter since I was a kid. But looking at them right now, they look like they have known each other for a while.
  "Dwayne?" I look at Sarah who was staring at me. And now that I notice everyone is looking at my direction.
  "They called you, it was your turn." She whispered, Dale stared at me like he was asking if I was okay. I nodded my head and then went back to the Arena.
  I didn't recognize my opponent, but right now I don't wanna waste my time fighting. So I did what I could to finish it fast. And I could say my opponent was pretty fast, unlike the first one who had a bulkier build this one was around my size, and he was fast. 
  He dodge my first attack, trying to jump behind me but I caught his leg and swing him to the floor. Before he could even recover I pinned him and knocked him out. 
  My next fight was quite hard than the first two fight. Because I would start facing the winners of the first round. I even caught a bruise in my left side of my face because of my third opponent. 
  The night went fast, Alec remained to continue torturing his opponent. No one even want to fight against him as I seat next to the other participants. This time he finished all his opponent by killing them.
  You can hear the cheer of the crowd as well as their cries. I stayed quiet, not wanting to waste my energy. And when my name was called again. I finished it as quickly as I could. My opponent ended up giving up and I let him.
  I even heard Alec said that I was boring but I choose to ignore him. I would very much like it better if he would just shut up.
  The number of participants soon decrease making it into the last 8, then pairing us up into two, who will fight each other until the final two was the only remaining. 
  Alec easily won over his opponent. The next round and my name was called, I then did what I can to finish it quickly but this time my opponent was using a weapon. I didn't notice it at first but when he openly aim for my right leg. I almost end up falling on the floor. The knife he used looks exactly the same like what Renz used to attack me during the training. 
  Surely Dale caught the sight of the weapon and disqualified my opponent. But just like what I expected, the wounds in my feet is not healing properly.
  "Are you okay?" Dale ask, seeing how my right leg is bleeding heavily. I nodded my head.
  "Are you sure? Can you still fight?" Again I nodded my head. He looks hesitant at first but then nodded his head.
  "Go get your position back." He whispered then went back to the Arena to announce the next pair.
  "You know that we wouldn't hold it against you if you couldn't fight anymore." Alec uttered, he looks like he was already going to win.
  And now that I notice, my opponent was actually one of his team mates.
  "You planned this all along don't you." I utteredz staring at him right in the eyes. He just laughed at me nervously.
  "Of course not, why would I tell him to injured you if I know I could finish you off myself." I just stared at him and smile which made him surprised at my reaction.
  "Don't worry, I would still beat you up even if I couldn't used my right leg." I mumbled then left him. I even heard him curse before I left him.
  Sarah run towards me and check my wound.
  "Are you sure you could still fight? Dwayne baby, your wound is not healing properly and by the looks of it. It has wolfsbane." She started covering my wounds. The doctor did also checked it and advice me to not fight anymore because I did lost too much blood already. But I ignored him and told him to just do whatever he can.
  My wound was not that deep, but because he used a silver knife with a wolfsbane, my healing ability is not responsing quite well. 
  "You should rest for a while. You will be fighting the next round." Sarah said, then she help me to get back to the arena. 
  I watch the fight ended, now there are only 4 remaining participant, Dale announce all our names. Alec, Kyler, Ace and me. I would be fighting against Kyler while Alec will be against Ace. 
  The first one who will fight is Alec and Ace. I sat there and watch their fight unfold. Alec did have a hard time attacking Ace, because of his fast reflexes but when Alec caught him, Ace wasn't able to get out of his grip anymore. Alec started throwing punches at him, not even caring about his words. He keep doing that until Ace was unable to move anymore.
  "That man is crazy." I heard Kyler said behind me. I didn't even know who he was talking with but the looks of it his words are directed to me.
  "I'm lucky that I was pair up with you. I know I wouldn't stand against you after witnessing all your fight. But I want to at least try and see how my Alpha defend his Title." He said, I smiled at his words then shake his hands.
  "Oh are you two forming a bond knowing that you will both end up losing?" Alec uttered, we didn't even notice him getting close. He was wiping his hands which is covered with blood.
  "Don't be so sure about that." Kyler uttered, making him received a glare at Alec.
  "If I were you I will just shut up because you are just nothing but a piece of bug to me." Alec bark, I pulled Tyler away and told him to focus on our fight. 
  Then Dale called for our names. Tyler and I entered the arena together. We both then bowed to each other as respect before we started fighting. And I could say that Kyler can be an omega with his skills. I was even having a hard time blocking him. He was trying to keep up with me. 
  "You are quite good." I uttered between our fight. He keep attacking and all I did was dodge them before I saw an opening and caught his arms the twisting it. 
  "I could day that to yourself." He answered back. Then he tried to used his elbow to hit my face but I was abled to respond fatser and pinned him on the ground.
  "I think this is my chance to give up. I GIVE UP!" To my surprise he didn't fight that much. I let him go and help him stand.
  "You didn't used all your strength." I mumbled, he the shake his head.
  "Believe it or not I was trying to keep up with you but after seeing it myself. Your reflexes and hit was something that could end up killing me if you aren't controling yourself. And between us you are the one who is not using all his strength." I was stunned that he was able to notice that.
  I didn't say anything after that and he just pat my shoulders before he walks out of the arena. Dale the went inside and stand next to me. Announcing my name as the winner. The crowd was completely quiet unlike before but I couldn't care less anymore.
  Then Dale ask me again if I still want to continue. I then stared down at my leg and it was bleeding again. The wound probably reopened after my fight with Kyler.
  I then nodded my head and went outside to get some bandage to tie my leg again. Kyler then throw me a bandage.
  "Consider this my thanks for beating that bastard up." He uttered then lefr without waiting for my reply.
  Dale then called me and Alec.

###chapter 86: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Alec and I are now both inside the Arena. And as time goes by my wound was actually starting to be a pain in the ass.
  "Does it hurt?" He ask, but I know best that he was mocking me right now. I ignored him and continue to watch him.
  "Don't worry I could still beat you even if I'm injured." I uttered, he started laughing like I just a joke.
  "That's too bad, you aren't at your best condition so this will finish quicker than I expected." He mumbled.
  And with that he jump in the air, trying to kick me in the face but I was able to lean backward, then he used his other foot transferring his weight then landing on my back. He was quicker than before, or was I being the slow one? He kicked me from behind, making me almost stumbled on the floor.
  I close my eyes as I feel the agonizing pain in my leg, I need to finish this quick because the wolfsbane was starting to penetrate inside me. And if I didn't get treated quickly it would result to further injuries in my inner body.
  "You could give up now, you know that right?" He muttered, I ignored his statement and pulled my self back to feet.
  Closing my eyes, I need to focus all my energy and remaining strength to this attack, if I want to finish this quick I need to hit his weak spot. I let out a deep breath then opened my eyes.
  Alec started punching, kicking, attacking me and all I did was to block all his attacks, and it was not easy because all his hits are almost causing my bones in my arms to crack. 
  "Is that all you could do now? Block me?" He smirk as he continue to give me solid blows of his fist.
  I keep silent and continue blocking him until I saw an opening, finally.
  "To answer your question. No, I could actually do this." Before he could even think of my next move, I let his next attack hit me. It was a solid punch in my face but then, when he finally lost his focus.
  "This is the end." I mumbled, then change my weight to my other side then gave him my strongest punch in his abdomen, it was right between his upper stomach and ribs. The sounds of his ribs cracking can be heard in the whole arena, as they all turned quiet. Seeing Alec eyes went wide as he flew across the other side of the arena. Hitting the metal barriers. He lay there on the ground, not even moving.
  The crowd was completely quiet, not believing what they just witness, that I was able to end the round with just a single attack.
  Even Dale stood there dumbfounded, he couldn't even close his mouth because of shock.
  "I think it was time to declare the winner now Dale." Hunter's voice broke the silence, then everyone started cheering. It reminded me of the time of the succession, where the first one who got out was me and they started cheering like this.
  Dale then took a walk towards me.
  "What just happened?" He mumbled with enthusiastic and disbelief of what he just witnessed. I shrugged my shoulders.
  "You are really something Kid." He then grab my right hand, raising it in the air.
  "Our Victor! He would be the one to challenge our Alpha for the title!" Everyone started cheering, I look around still not believing what I'm seeing. The hatred that I always receive whenever they saw me was now long gone. 
  Finally I was able to get back their respects. I glance up to where my father is. He was nodded his head when our eyes meets. I would be fighting him next. 
  I glance around the crowd, everyone was busy talking, cheering, crying. But then two figures caught my eyes. As Dale keep telling me about how amazed he was that I was able to finished Alec with one blow.
  I keep my eyes at the two suspicious figures, they are wearing some cape that you could see that the crowd was also wearing then, the other one look around and I was able to caught a glimpse of him.
  "Zion..." I muttered.
  "Ha? Dwayne you need to go to the Doctor first and get your wound treated first before we resume the fight." I ignored Dale, and climb out of the Arena.
  The pack members started to crowd me, shit! I lost them as I try to excuse my self from the crowd. Where did they go? I was sure they are heading this way. When finally got out of the crowd, Kyler was waiting for me with a smile on his face.
  "I know you are strong, but I never thought that you could actually do that in one blow." He mumbled, hearing that same thing for a hundredth time already.
  "I really need to go somewhere right now. I will talk to you later." Before hw could even say something I excuse myself and start heading to where they could only possible go.
  I entered the pack house which is now completely empty, then I heard something inside. I slowly made my way inside, then the sound was coming from upstairs. I run upstairs and to my surprise Zion was there, he was looking for something as he started to trash the area. 
  I cannot explain what's gotten into me but when I saw his face anger started to consume me and before I realize it I was chocking him. He tried to struggle from my grip but I didn't let him and continue to chock him.
  His struggle was starting to become weaker and weaker as he struggle for air. I don't know why I felt satisfied watching him get having a hard time just like how I enjoy my fights in the arena. 
  "Let him go Dwayne." Before I could turn my head to see who it was. I was already being pushed away. And when I finally saw who it was, my blood started to boil. 
  "Go now Zion! And take this." I watch as Clint gave Zion a book. Wait! That was the book that me and my father used last time. 
  The wall behind me crashed, making ne fall from the second floor. The pack members probably heard the noise as they started coming this way. 
  Before I could hit the ground I shifted to my wolf and landed on our feet, but the pain from my wounded leg felt even worse.
  I jump back to the second floor and Clint was still there which made me surprise, he could have escape but I wouldn't let him even if he wants to.
  "I won't fight Dwayne." He uttered, I stared at him confusingly as he completely surrender himself.
  My father then just in time and Clint was on the floor while I was pinning him down. He wasn't even making it hard at all, he didn't even tried to fight. Was this really the leader of the Royalties?
  "What happened here?" He ask, he was staring at me then back at Clint who wasn't saying anything.
  "I found them sneaking out here." Dad didn't look surprised at my words.
  "Who was with him?" I let out a deep breath.
  "It was Zion." Looks like all they said about Zion betraying us all was true. All this time I don't even want to believe them but after seeing him help Clint. It only proves that all their accusations are true.
  Sarah entered the room, along side Hunter who was staring at me with content. Then guards started appearing.
  "What an awful surprised to see one of the Royalties here. I was really happy to see you again Clint, it's been a while." Hunter mumbled, making him receive a glare at Clint. He wasn't being hostile right now but I can feel his hatred towards Hunter.
  "I will I could also say that I was happy to see but on the contrary I don't even wanna see your face, not even a glimpse." He answered, Hunter just laughed at his words. Like it was actually really funny for him.
  "Don't be so bitter Clint, you know that you used to follow me around when you are still a kid." Looks like they both knew each other for quite long.
  "That is the biggest mistake that I ever done. I was deceived by you and now that we know everything, you will soon pay for everything you have done." Clint said, full of anger about something, and I don't know why I felt like I did missed something important.
  "Don't worry, you will all be joining the others soon." Hunter said, the turning his back and started walking away. Clint remain angry and agitated and I could feel him trying to control himself.
  "Dwayne get dressed, then guards take him to the facility." My father ordered and I slip on my clothes and Clint was dragged away. I want to follow the guards but Dad stop me. I look at him with a confused look.
  "Go to the Doctor first, you need to get that treated properly." He mumbled.
  "What about the fight?" I ask, we still need to finish everything and get my title back. 
  He then shake his head and I couldn't believe it. Are they changing their minds right now? 
  "Let's go Baby, you need to get some rest after." I didn't say anything and let Sarah lead me to the Clinic.
  When I went outside the pack members started clapping their hands as soon as they caught a glimpse of me. Sarah who had no idea what happened was as confused as I was.
  When we got to the Clinic the Doctor started to treat my wounds.
  "Wolfsbane, but this isn't a regular wolfsbane. Because this one is actually trying to attack the internal organs of the patient, making sure that it's healing abilities won't be able to regenerate that fast and it was weakening the whole process. I was even surprised to see you standing right now after having this on your body for quite long. " The Doctor explains, but i wasn't even interested to know about it.
  "And your fight earlier, if I didn't know that you are severely wounded earlier I could have believe that you are using all your strength, but I knew that you are not able to used your whole capacity. You really are born as an Alpha my dear child. Only an Alpha can withstand that kind of fight." He added, I didn't say anything. And just nodded my head, because now that I was in bed, I could feel my body being tired.
  Sarah did left after my mother called for her because of something, I didn't ask what is it because I don't have the strength anymore to even lift my hand right now. All I could feel is that my whole body was tired, and that all my strength left my body. Making it harder for me to even move.
  The Doctor then stitch my wound, it wasn't that deep like he said, but because of the wolfsbane that they used in the knife, it was harder to heal than my other normal wounds. I did receive quite many after my fight from one participants to another. And mind you, the participants are not just some normal ranking werewolves they are trained fighters to kill their opponents. 
  After he was done cleaning and stitching my wound on the leg, he then move to my other wounds, putting some ointments, then covering them with bandage. The process did took longer than I expected, and the whole time I couldn't even feel anything. He said that it was because of the wolfsbane, because it was also targeting my senses, making it hard for me to fight. Good thing I did finish my fight with Alec early because if not my whole body will end up being paralyzed while we are fighting.
  "You should rest now." He mumbled when he was finally done, and with that I felt my eyelids started to feel heavy. 
  And soon, sleep started to visit me.

###chapter 87: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  My tears started to stream down my face, I couldn't believe what I just saw. All this time it was all me.
  "Did you see it now Amara?" Kariz was back to his normal state, and I nodded my head.
  He pulled me into his arms, stroking my hair as he tried to comfort me. How could I not remember it?
  "Amara, I know it was hard because even I myself didn't believe it at first." He whispered in my ears.
  I don't know if I feel any better because of it. I glance up to where Noah is and he was just staring at me with a sad look on his face.
  "Since when did you found out everything?" I mumble, I wasn't sure who am I directing that question is. 
  Zion already left, because he was kind of injured and Kariz told him to go see Ria. Yustef barge in with Eliot they probably heard what happened from Zion.
  "It was during the second war, the time where I almost died in your hands. That is where I successfully shifted into my Lycan. And that was also the reason why I got our of Belerick's control." He mumbled.
  "And about the Royalties, only Clint was aware that you are able to shift into a Lycan. He saw you one day that you suddenly shifted. He told me about it when we met in the Island. That is also the reason why he agreed to do this in my terms." He added, my eyes went wide. Again Clint? I wonder when was time time.
  "Amara, you are the one who could unsealed the Lycans. The awakening that we are planning on doing to you was letting you have control on your Lycan, be connected to it." He said. 
  "How did you do it?" I couldn't stop myself but be curious on his own methods.
  "To be honest I don't know, but one thing I'm sure off. It was connected to our mates. The Lycan was only able to be subdue by the Lycan. Which means only the mates can kill or help you." I stared at him still confused.
  "Do you mean your mate helped you?" He nodded his head. His mate? 
  "Then where is she?" I ask, his gaze avoided mine.
  "She tried to kill me once, she was an Hunter, but unlike a normal human she was a half blood vampire." He uttered, which made it more understandable. 
  "Then how are you able to control you Lycan if she wasn't with you." I mumbled, not wanting to ask about their encounter.
  "I was able to gain control through the years, but it wasn't stable. I couldn't keep myself to shift as a Lycan and not hurt the people around me." He explains, which reminded me of the times that I always go back with blood or muds in my feet. Did I hurt anyone?
  The worried look was written all over my face. I couldn't hide my own emotions right now because of shocked.
  "You did not hurt anyone Klaire, we assure you and Clint did say that in the other hand you protected us." Yustef said, I glance at him still unsure what should I feel about all the information right now.
  "Can you all please leave, I want to think alone." I uttered, Kariz and the others didn't say anything and walk outside. 
  If everything Kariz said was true then it only means that I will still need Clint but right now Clint was caught because of me. I glance up it was still full moon, Kariz did say that the full moon had an effect with our Lycan but because he was able to train me and let me awaken some of my abilities, I was able to subdue my Lycan for the mean time. He was awakening my abilities that came from the Moon Goddess in order to overpower my Lycan. 
  Then there was him, if I want to get my full control like what Kariz said, I would need him. 
  Am I ready to see him again? After everything that happened am I ready to be chased back?
  But first I need to do something about Clint, but right now is not the right time. Kariz said that Lycans are most powerful during the full moon just like the werewolves. But the I didn't shift at all, and the last time I did was in the broad daylight.
  It doesn't make sense because right now is the right time for me to shift but I couldn't even feel my power at all.
  Closing my eyes, I need to remember something, any details that might help me to answer why I suddenly shifted to my Lycan. 
  I did remember dreaming of running into the darkness where I couldn't see where I was going. But then a voice called me.
  That voice! I just followed it until a bit of light shines upon it, I followed the light then the voice was starting to become louder and louder. It was calling for my name.
  And when I opened my eyes I was on that spot of the cliff then, ended up in the East Mansion. Feeling dizzy I fell completely asleep. 
  But then I did remember hearing noises from downstairs, I wanted to go see what was it but I felt my whole body was drained, like I don't have any strength left in my body. Whoever it was I couldn't possibly defend myself.
  The footsteps was starting to get closer to this room, followed by the sound of door opening. The scent of winter and mint, welcomes me. Feeling myself inhaling it and felt that my strength was somehow returning. He started walking closer to me, I was telling myself to move and get out of here but it was like my body had a mind on its own and just remained in that same position, my eyelids was still close. I want to open them and stare at the person who was in front of me. 
  This familiar feeling of longing was starting to creep out again.
  I was preparing myself from getting hit, but what hits my skin is the soft cloth, covering my whole body, that lay on my shoulders and down to my ankle. He was muttering something to himself but I couldn't hear the words quite clearly. My body still feels weak but unlike before I was able to feel.
  Then some noises came from downstairs again. Followed by the voice of a woman. Calling for him. I couldn't hear his name clearly.
  "DWAYNE!" my eyes shut open, the same time he run downstairs.
  Fck! 
  I lay in my bed still couldn't believe what I just did, it was him! All this time it was him who is calling for me.
  I don't know but I suddenly feel afraid, that woman that I heard was Sarah. I am sure about that and why are they together? And did he saw my face? Or saw me in that state of my Lycan? Questions keep running in my head and I could feel my heart hammering in my chest, like any minute now it will jump off it. 
  I stood up, I couldn't even sleep after everything that happened. The information that I just heard and remember right now was overflowing like a river flows during the storm.
  I glance at the window then back to my room, was Clint even alive right now? And Zion did say that Dwayne was like a different person. And that time he was like mumbling to himself. And he was acting like he doesn't remember me?
  Shit! I brush my hair out of frustrations. What the hell is happening! I started throwing my pillows on the wall, trying to let out this frustrating feeling.
  "You know that those pillows would fight against you right? And they didn't do anything wrong to you." I glared at Galaz who entered in my window. He was still wounded but unlike before he was able to move freely.
  "Shut up and get out of my room!" He just laughed at me.
  "Woah! Someone is feisty, look remember you owe me one. I never said anything about your unknown whereabouts last time." So he did keep his word? I look at him with confused look.
  "I thought you couldn't hide anything to Kariz?" He sat down to my bed while I pick all my pillows.
  "Yes, but I could still keep some informations you know." He then wink at me. I threw the pillows that I gathered at him.
  "I went to the North." I mumbled, he then stared at me with wide eyes open.
  "Are you crazy? How could you do that?!" He said, now he was acting like the crazy one.
  I sat next to him.
  "I didn't intend to, I was even surprised about it myself. Because I couldn't remember everything not until today." I muttered and he remained silent.
  "Did you saw him?" Hearing him say that made me feel like there is a large lump in my throat.
  "Yes."

###chapter 88: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  "Aiden let's go!" I look around and the whole place is filled with fire, smoke is all the thing I could see in this place.
  "Let's go!" Someone grabbed my hands, and when I stare at them they are small? And when I glance to the person holding me. He was also a kid.
  He was wearing a white small laboratory gown.
  "What are you waiting for we have to go now! Aiden! Are you listening to me?" I stared at him with a confused look on my face. What did he just call me?
  Before I could even utter a word he started pulling me. But I stop, I don't know why but it was like my body was moving on its own.
  "Wait! Amara is still not here." I suddenly mumbled, Amara... Who was that? This is the first time that I heard that name. And it did came from my own mouth.
  "But we really have to go now! Belerick will be here any minute now!" Belerick? Again another unfamiliar name.
  Who are this people? And why are they calling me a different name. I wanted to tell them that my name was not Aiden but I couldn't even utter a word, it was like my mouth had a mind of its own.
  I open my eyes and I was still in the clinic. What was that dream again. My head was still hurting, I don't if it was because I was sleeping for quite long or because of my weird dream.
  The Doctor entered the clinic and dead some check on my wounds then change the bandages before I was allowed to go back to the packhouse. When I got there, Dad was busy talking to some of the pack members, I didn't hear what they were talking about before I entered but it does look serious, when he finally saw me. He pat my shoulders.
  "How are you feeling?" He ask, while checking at my overall appearance.
  "I'm fine Dad, when will the challenge continue?" I ask, he then shake his head.
  "There will be no further challenge, the pack members did had a petition to let you go back to being an Alpha. After what happened last night they saw how you want to prove yourself to them especially after you caught one of the Royalties who betrayed us." I wanted to say that I didn't caught him exactly, he surrender himself on his own.
  "The announcement of your return will be tonight. Now I expect you to not let anything happened like before. They did doubted your capabilities as an Alpha after everything that happened before but last night you showed them the power of a true Alpha. And to be honest even myself cannot stand with that state of yours last night." He added, I couldn't even say anything. I know this is all I wanted in the first place but why do I feel like I wasn't happy at all?
  After our talk I went to my room to rest for a while, I heard that Sarah went for a hunt in the forest while Alec already got out of the clinic before I did. I didn't even notice that he was actually there. The funeral for the participants who died during the challenge was already been burned, that is what we usually do to the pack members who died. It was like we are returning them back to the Moon Goddess.
  I still haven't heard anything about Clint or where did they take him. But what I know is Hunter is up to something.
  A knock from the door pulled me out of my bed. And when I opened it. Kyler was standing there waiting for me. 
  "Good afternoon Alpha." He mumbled.
  "What are you doing here?" He shrugged his shoulders. He reminded me of Zion but their only difference is Zion was the strict one while Tyler was a bit of a happy go lucky kind of guy.
  "I just want to report that I would be your next Beta, Alpha. Even though it was still unofficial until tonight." I wasn't surprised to hear that from him. After witnessing how he fight last night he was really the fitted one to be the new Beta.
  The memory of what I did to Zion last night creep me out. I don't know why I was suddenly in rage when I first saw him and before I knew it I was almost killing him. And to be honest I was glad that Clint got there in time before I could kill my own best friend.
  "Is there a problem? Are you okay?" I shake my head, not even noticing that I was lost in my thoughts in front of Kyler.
  "Yes, I'm fine. I was just thinking about last night." Just like me Kyler was also covered in bandages but unlike me I can't still walk properly.
  "Well then I just want to let you know that, and I will see you tonight Alpha." He bowed his head and then left.
  So I am really back as an Alpha. 
  That even just like what they said the pack was gathered back in the open field. My father was already up in the stage that they made. He was with my mother, they are holding each other's hand while Sarah was next to them along side Hunter and Kyler. After our fight last night I still haven't caught a glimpse of Alec, not that I wanted to see him but I don't know something is telling me that I need to talk to him.
  When I climbed the stage the crowd started cheering for me. Calling my name and other things. I didn't expect that after last night they would suddenly change like this.
  "Good evening everyone. I know all of you have witnessed the battle last night, unfortunately we did lost some of our pack members, but that doesn't mean that they life was wasted. They proved that they are really one of our pack, a pack that do not know how to give up. And for those pack members who did choice to give up their seat for the Alpha title, you all still showed that you still aren't ready to take the responsibility but that doesn't mean you are all weak or a bunch of cowards. There are still time to improve and that is what is important." My father said, everyone agreed and I glance at the direction of the participants who gave up, some of them looked embarrassed while some looks like my father's words inspired them.
  "Now, I would like you all to great back your Alpha." He then let me go in front. I don't like this kind of things to be honest.
  Hunter was completely quiet the whole time, after the announcement, which includes the new Beta Kyler. Who looked proud of himself. I just thank everyone for letting me be their Alpha again. As I was about to step out of the stage Hunter step forward.
  "There is still an additional announcement everyone. Another member of our pack is about to come." I stood there unsure what he was talking about. My father did have the same look as I did. While my mother was smiling, does she knows something I don't?
  "As you are all aware of, our dearest Sarah here who is the mate of our Alpha, my great-great grandson was actually having his child." Everyone became completely quiet, including me. 
  Sarah stood there with tears in her eyes, while she smile. She then turned her head to me before she pulled me into a tight hug.
  "You are going to be a father Dwayne." She mumbled, and with that the crowd became loud again. I don't even know how to feel, I stood there completely dumbfounded. Sarah was still in tears. 
  I stroke her hair, then my mother squeal when Sarah pull away, and this time it was her who hugged Sarah then me. My father then congratulate Sarah and me about the news.
  I still couldn't believe what I just heard. 
  "Looks like the marking ceremony still need to wait after Sarah gave birth." My father said, well pregnant werewolf were not allowed to received a marking from their mates because it can harm the baby, which can lead for the death of the baby in their womb. 
  "I know." I answered shortly. Sarah was clinging on my arms while the pack members congratulate us one by one.
  "Looks like the pack will have their heir soon." Kyler mumbled, then shake my hand.
  "Congratulations, this is a really great news." He mumbled. 
  "Thank you so much, I couldn't even believe it myself after the Doctor said I was actually pregnant." Sarah answered. 
  "You must be really happy right now Alpha." I couldn't even agreed to what he said. Happy? Is something that I wasn't feeling right now. I was more on surprised than being happy. I know it was rude and not right for me to feel this way especially towards the announcement of my unborn child.
  "Dwayne? Are you okay?" Sarah shake me out of my thoughts. 
  "Sorry, I think, I was still in shocked after hearing that I would have a child soon." I muttered, Sarah then stared at me like she was actually touch that I felt that way.
  "I was also like that when I heard the news that I was pregnant." She mumbled, touching my chest as she leans her head on it.
  "I totally understand how you felt, I was also like that when I heard that my mate was going to give birth of my child." Kyler said, making me surprise.
  "You have a mate? And a child?" He chuckled at my reaction then nodded his head.
  "Yes, I met her last year. She was from the South Lake Pack, but because the law state that a female werewolf should follow her mate no matter which pack he belongs to. And she gave birth to our first child last month." He mumbled, which surprised me. He was still young but knowing werewolves can't stop themselves from marking their mates after meeting them so it wasn't something uncommon.
  "That was really great! I hope to meet your mate soon." Sarah uttered, then they both laughed.
  "You will meet her soon, she was still back in the south to visit her family with our child. She will be here by tomorrow." He mumbled. 
  "Well then I will leave the two of you alone. I'm sure you still have something to talk about." Kyler then wink at me before making his way back to the other pack members.
  "Why didn't you say anything to me?" I ask, Sarah as soon as he left. I also made sure no one is close enough to hear us talking.
  "It all happened so quickly, and that time you have your fight to win the Alpha title back. And Hunter did say that I should keep it quiet until you are done." She explains, then her expression changes into displeased.
  "Are you perhaps not happy that I was pregnant with your child?!" She mumbled, her eyes was starting to become teary and I couldn't help but feel guilty.
  "Of course not! I was just surprised that you told the other people first before me." I mumbled, then pulled her in my arms.
  "I was really happy Sarah. You don't know how happy I am that I would be a father soon." I mumbled, but I know deep inside my feelings are the irony.
  Shaking those thoughts away, I held my hand on her tummy, soon it will start to grow, creating a small bump where my child would soon grow up soon.
  "Really?" Sarah asked, she still not quite believe me. I smiled at her and kissed her.
  "Really." I mumbled, she smiled as soon as I said that.
  Then someone cleared his throat behind me and there he was standing while staring at us with amused face.
  "I just want to congratulate again my soon to be great-great granddaughter." Sarah pulled away from me and hugged Hunter. 
  "And to you Dwayne, I could never be more happier after hearing that you will soon have your child." He said, I just scratch the back of my head.
  "Is that the reason why you keep it a secret to me?" I couldn't hide the bitterness in my voice.
  "Of course not, we just want to surprise you especially after you are back as an Alpha. And this child of yours will soon inherit your title." He stroke Sarah's tummy which is still not even noticeable.
  "He was just jealous that he did not heard the news first." My mother appear out of nowhere and budge in the conversation.
  Hunter then chuckled at my mother's words.
  "Oh, is that so? The same reaction as his father." He mumbled then my father did come out of the corner.
  "I didn't act like that." My father said in his defense. My mother started laughing.
  "Of course you are my dear! Remember the time when I announce the pregnancy in front of the whole pack and what you did was carry me all the way to the stage and ask me if it was all true. And when I said yes, you just became silent the whole time and said out of nowhere that why didn't I said it to you first." My mother said, recalling some of their memories together. 
  "I don't remember doing that." He said, then my mother just shakes her head because of his stubbornness.
  "You both are really alike." She mumbles, staring at my father then back to me before shaking her head again.
  Sarah just giggle at my father and mother's exchange while Hunter joined them.
  "I did remember that time, he was even so worried during the time you gave birth to Dwayne that he almost choke the Doctor for not letting you get out of your mother." Hunter said, and my father just look like his regular self. He was turning red because of embarrassment.
  "Oh I remember that, then when Dwayne finally got birth he almost fainted and when he first held him, his hands are shaking." Mom said, still laughing at my Dad.
  I wonder if I could feel the same thing as my parents when my child was born. I glance at Sarah then down to her tummy. Soon enough her tummy will start to grow just like the life in her womb. Will I also choke a Doctor for not letting my child gave birth soon, will I be so nervous that would lead for me to start trembling upon seeing my baby?
  Sarah then notice my stare and she walks towards me. I held her waist as we both watch my father and mother recall their unforgettable moment of my birth.
  "I wonder if we will be just like that when it was our child's time to have a child?" She mumbled, having the same thoughts as I do.
  "We are probably worse than then." I said, and she laugh at my words.
  "You are definitely right about that. I would probably end up being steric after realizing that kur child will come out soon." She mumbled, I nodded my head in agreement.
  "And I would be carrying you to the Doctor, who I would probably gonna choke until he fainted. " I uttered, just imagining it made me laugh.
  We both started laughing, and my mother, Hunter, and my father then stared at the both of us.
  "You both are really perfect together." My mother said, my father remained silent and didn't say anything.
  "Well let's leave them be, we are just disturbing them and right now they both need to rest." Hunter said, my mom hugged both Sarah and I before leaving us alone.
  This is the kind of picture that I always wish for, the pack members are eating while other are drinking and talking to each other, the childrens are running around playing to each other. While some are sitting next to the bonfire. 
  "This is really great." Sarah mumbled, and I couldn't disagree with her. The lack really look peaceful right now. Like everything was completely normal like how it was before.
  Only if the Royalties and those Rogues didn't disturb our peace then perhaps everything will be like this everyday.
  I glance at Sarah and she was staring back at me, leaning closer as she close her eyes. I then lead to her and kissed her. It was the right thing to fo right now but it felt wrong at the same time.
  When I pulled away, a pair of eyes staring back at me in the far dark corner of the woods. I couldn't be wrong I did see someone standing there a few minutes ago.
  Sarah notice my reaction and turn around to see what I am looking at.
  "What is it?" She ask, I shake my head. Am I seeing things again? Was that my imagination again? But why does it felt so real? And I swear I could feel the chills run down my body as that person stared at us? Or at me?
  "Nothing, I just thought I saw something." I mumbled, shaking my head. Then held Sarah back.
  "Are you sure? You don't look good right now. Your complexion suddenly look like you've seen a goes or something." She mumbled, again I shake my head and kissed her once more.
  "I'm okay, I was probably just tired." I mumbled.
  "But it was still too early to leave the celebration, and everyone prepared this for us." I added, which bring back her smile.
  "You are right about that, we should enjoy this evening and not let anything ruined it for us." She then pulled me to the dance floor.
  But before that I glance once more in the woods, woods where I saw those pair of blue-gray eyes staring at me. But just like before no one is there.
  I am really going crazy.

###chapter 89: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  Galaz stared at me with disbelief, I told him everything that happened that day. How I ended up getting here naked and how he saw me. 
  "Seriously Amara! You know how dangerous it is for you to go there. Especially after knowing that they wanted you in the first place!" He now sounded like Clint, getting nag by him. I just rolled my eyes and stared outside the window. 
  Galaz then stood next to me. He was still not happy about what he just found out. And I feel the same way. Just remembering how he immediately went to Sarah after hearing her called his name.
  "Just make sure that you would not go back there. " He uttered, I didn't say anything.
  "Amara! You have to keep yourself out of the Crescent Moon Pack, you know what happened to Clint and Zion." Upon mentioning Clint, it made me just want to go back there even more.
  "Did you heard anything about Clint?" I ask, he then look away. 
  "No, after what happened. The people we had inside the pack are now all dead." The look of horror was written on my face then turned into a worried look.
  What if something bad happened to Clint? And it was all my fault because they wouldn't go back there if not for me. And then I acted like that to Clint.
  Galaz then hold my shoulders to stop me from pacing back and fort.
  "Clint is not weak and you know that. That person is even stronger than any of those pack members." But then the story about the Elders.
  "The Elders are there." I mumbled, they probably aren't much of a threats before but after seeing what they did to the Central Kingdom only means they gained something that we know nothing about.
  "Amara, Clint will be fine. And we will make sure of it. He knows that you still need him and he won't let anything bad happened to him." I didn't say anything and just stared at the sincere eyes of Galaz. I wonder since when did someone stared at me with those eyes.
  "Okay?" He added, and I nodded my head. Even though I don't agree with him.
  When he finally able to calm me down, Ria called for him. Ria is also acting weird lately especially around Yustef. She always tend to avoid seeing or bumping into Yustef. While Yustef is also being weird around Ria. I didn't ask what happened between them because we aren't back into that kind of relationship where we used to be close enough to tell each other everything.
  I glance once more outside, the scenery still looks so peaceful during this time, like there are no wars happening between the Faction and us even though it still haven't begin yet, but I can feel it soon blood bath will start to take over this peaceful scenery. Closing my eyes as I feel the breeze of the cold air. 
  Then turning around to the door where Galaz left. Then back to the window. 
  Fuck! I'm sorry Galaz but I have to do this.
  I jumped off my window, landing in my feet with a slight sound as I hit the ground. 
  I know that Kariz was the who actually called for Galaz, probably about something related to the upcoming awakening. I still haven't seen what is inside the book because before I could even opened it Kariz took it from me.
  And before they could even notice the illusion I put in my room that I was sleeping I need to get out of here.
  Shifting is still questionable for me so what I did is used my abilities, like the speed I have even without shifting I was actually fast like a normal werewolf. It was weird at first but after the training I had with Kariz on using my abilities in a much controlled and stable way I was able to do this much.
  It would be late at night before I will arrived there. I still remember the passage that Galaz and I used when we went to the Northern territory, it was still a long way but I found a much shorter way when I came here. This is actually the way my Lycan used to go to where he was that time.
  As I entered the gave like entrance, there are a lot of passage that will lead you to different places, Galaz did say that there are a lot of werewolves who got lost because of this passages, and they only used one passage which is the safest and a way that they are really familiar with.
  I can hear the drops of water inside the cave, making it like a solemn yet mysterious place. The moist of the ground was all I could smell from here and some unknown scent that I did remember smelling before. 
  Ignoring all my dilemmas, I went straight to the passage that I could still remember. The memory is a little vivid but it was like my body actually knew where it is. And there it was, there is a huge waterfall that hides the passage. If you don't know that there is a passage in this location you wouldn't even notice it. The water was surprisingly warm when it hits my body.
  This place is like playing with time, just like what Galaz encountered in the Dark Forest before. The whole werewolf territory is full of unexplainable place where you wouldn't even be able to understand how everything works. 
  Closing my eyes I crossed the water, it feels like my body was being turned apart, and I couldn't help but scream at the unbearable pain.
  How did I not remember about this? I close my eyes, trying to ignored how my body feels like crashing on something. I wasn't even able to open my eyes, like I have no control with my own body. And then suddenly I felt like the pain was starting to wash away from my body, like my body was floating in a body of water. And when I open my eyes, I was staring the moon, and I was in the river that connects to the river inside the pack. I was just outside the territory. And how long was I like that? Then I remember that, that place was not following the normal time frame. 
  It was already evening, and from where I am standing it looks like the pack was up to something. Like they were having some celebration. I can feel my heart pounding as I hugged myself, I suddenly felt cold like my body was still not used to this place.
  Slowly heading my way towards the border of the territory. A few guards saw me coming.
  "Who's there? If you are lost we advice you not to come further." Someone shouted but I ignored them and just continue walking.
  "Go back! If you don't we would have to retain you." Again with their same warnings. 
  "You should have just listened to your own advice." I mumbled, when I stood in front of him. Making him step backward because of surprised. 
  "How?!" Before he could even react I knocked him out. Then footsteps started heading this way. Another eyes sores are heading this way.
  I then close my eyes, then stared at all of them.
  "Sleep." And with that they all fell to the ground. 
  That's more like it. I head inside but before that I took something that will help me cover myself. I don't need anyone knowing I was here before I could find Clint. I started walking towards the packhouse, wondering if the celebration was connected to Clint.
  "There is still an additional announcement everyone. Another member of our pack is about to come." I heard an unfamiliar voice mumbled, I walk faster so that I could catch a glimpse of who it was. I had my suspicion that, that person is one of the Elders.
  "As you are all aware of, our dearest Sarah here who is the mate of our Alpha, my great-great grandson was actually having his child" I stiffen at where I was when I heard those words. 
  I glance up and regret it as soon as I did. My eyes landed at Dwayne who had Sarah held in his arms. They both look happy, the cheering and shouting of the crowd felt like it was silent scream of my whole being right now. I couldn't even hear anything after that I just stood there completely silent.
  Before they could even notice me on the crowd I hurriedly made my way towards the dark side of the corner. Where I was far enough from the crowd. Then footsteps started approaching my way and to my dismay it was them. But there are not alone.
  I tried to not listen to what they were talking about but I couldn't just pull my ear out of my head. They were talking about the unborn child.
  Clenching my fist, I felt more betrayed than before. The pain is like a loud slap as I watch them kissed each other in front of me. I want to look away but my body had a mind of its own and likes to torture me even more.
  I just stood there not even caring anymore if he will see me or not. As soon as our eyes met I felt like there is a large lump in my throat.
  Followed by the angry tears of agonizing pain, and hatred that I was holding since the time at the East Mansion.

###chapter 90: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  I still couldn't stop thinking those blue-gray eyes, it feels so real. Like that person was actually there. I tried to avoid that thought by focusing at Sarah and our little dance right now. But I still couldn't stop thinking about it.
  Sarah notice my sudden behavior.
  "Are you alright?" She asked, putting her hand around my neck as I hold her waist.
  She sway her hips as the music goes. She looks like she was enjoying herself. 
  "Yes, I'm just probably a bit tired." I uttered, again I was starting to feel guilty. 
  She then glance at me with a hint of dismay. 
  "You should rest first, while I go catch up with the others." She mumbled pointing at the group of friends she had? I did saw her talking to some she wolf. 
  "Okay, be careful okay?" She nodded her head and I gave her a kiss before walking back to the pack house.
  But I stop when I saw the corner towards the woods. I don't know why but I couldn't shake it off my head. And to stop myself from thinking it over. I started walking towards that direction.
  The woods is dark as expected only the gleam from the moonlight gives it a bit of a light. And the little fireflies flying around.
  I followed the fainting scent of vanilla, I couldn't be wrong about this. I started running to where it was coming from then stop at a cape laying on the ground. I pick it up trying to look for the person who left it here. I smelled it and it had that familiar scent of vanilla. I couldn't be mistaken this time.
  Closing my eyes I tried to listen to my surroundings, trying to find something that might lead me to where that person is. Then a footstep is running, it heading to the dungeon, no it went to the other side. And that place only lead to one specific place I know.
  I opened my eyes and start running towards that the direction.
  Clint! I muttered, then made my pace faster. That person is heading to the facilities that we had. I hardly know that place so I wonder how they knew it. It was down the mountain side where it was hidden.
  I need to get there fast, I shifted down to my wolf. Because it would be much faster that way. When I got there, it was already too late the guards are all laying to the ground. I sniff the air trying to find any scent left then that vanilla scent was still here. It only means that person might still be here.
  I slowly head inside, checking every corner where there might be some attacks or something.
  That person was here for Clint! I stop when a familiar figure was standing not so far from me. Like she was actually waiting for me. Her black hair was full of life right now. Her back was still facing mine.
  And again I could fear my heart pounding in my chest as soon as I saw her. It was like something inside me came alive.
  "Who are you?" I uttered, she didn't say anything. I need to know shy she was always appearing in my head and in my dreams.
  "Are you even real?" I added, not wanting to have the same feeling like before. Where I thought she was actually here but the truth is she was just in my head.
  "Just tell me who are you! Why do you keep appearing in front of me!" I bursted out, I couldn't stop myself. All this feelings are so messed up and I have no idea why do I feel like I actually missed her.
  The feeling of longing suddenly immersed inside me like a dead crawling out of its grave.
  She the slowly turn around, as I felt like my whole world was being sucked up by her. Her blue-gray eyes stared at me blankly. Like no emotions was written in them. But the way the two color contrast was just so perfect.
  "It's been a while Aiden." Her voice sounded so cold but it felt so warm at the same time. I know what I'm saying doesn't make sense at all but I couldn't help it.
  But then, that name again. 
  "My name is not Aiden." I uttered, feeling confused upon hearing that name again.
  "I see, looks like they did it again." She uttered, feeling confused about what should I do right now. 
  "I need to go." She mumbled but as soon as hearing that my body moves on its own and grabbed her hand. 
  A thousands of sparks erupted in my whole system, her eyes mirror mine, eyes wide surprised at the sudden contact.
  "You are real." I suddenly blurted out. She then stared at me like she also have no idea what to do. Finally I saw some emotions in her eyes.
  "What do you think your doing." She pulled her hand away but I didn't let her. I don't know if I was afraid that she might escape or was actually afraid that she might be gone and I would wake up again feeling confuse if she was real or not.
  "I should be the one asking that. I saw you staring at us earlier." She turn her head on the other side. Trying to avoid my gaze.
  "You probably know why I'm here." She mumbled, and I know what she was talking about. 
  She was here for Clint and I don't know why I felt irritated by that thought. I wasn't like this with Sarah after seeing him talking with Alec.
  "Why did you call me Aiden?" I ask, she stared at me for a second.
  "It was a mistake." She uttered, then I felt a hint of pain in my chest followed by an agonizing headache. 
  She notice my sudden change as I let go of her hand to support myself. She then help me get back to my balance.
  "Are you okay?" The worry in her voice was evident. And I don't know why I feel happy just by hearing that.
  Am I really going crazy? Is this because of the wolfsbane again.
  "I'm f-" before I could finish my sentence the sound of footsteps heading this way made me pull her into the vacant room. 
  She was surprised at what I just did.
  "Shh..." I motion her not to make a sound as I released my hand which is covering her mouth right now. 
  "Are you sure there is an intruder." Someone mumbled, looks like someone did saw her.
  "Yes sir, I wasn't sure if it was a woman or a man but that person was wearing a cape and I did saw it run this way." I glance at her, the room we are in is actually a storage room, it was filled with boxes making it quite tight for us to fit in.
  Her body was actually brushing mine. And I can feel her breath in my chest, I was not wearing any shirt except for the shorts that I carried with me. Her breath was giving me goosebumps down to my neck.
  "Go check the prisoner while you go ahead and start looking to the other parts of the pack." That voice, I am sure it was Dale.
  I look down at her and she was staring at the door. I could feel her heart beating fast just like mine. And I couldn't help but smile that I wasn't the only one nervous right now.
  "Let's go!" The footsteps then started to fade.
  "Why did you help me?" She uttered as soon as we step outside. Even I myself was actually wondering why.
  "I still need something from you." I mumbled, not even knowing what kind of excuse should I say to her. 
  "But I could knocked you out right now and escape." She uttered, while she stared at the far hallway where Clint was being held.
  "You could but I doubt that you would and beside I did help you." I uttered, she just glared at me.
  "I need you to answer all my questions." I mumbled, then pulled her.
  "You shouldn't do that, I need to get Clint first." She mumbled, I almost forgot that she was here for Clint which only means she was an enemy.
  "You could try to stop me but I swear you will regret it." She mumbled before started walking to where Clint is.
  "You are probably aware that the guards are now there waiting for you." She didn't seems to mind what I just said so I pulled her hand again.
  "If you want to save you better listen to me first! By this time I am sure that the guards aren't the only one waiting for you right now. " I mumbled, she then stop for a second.
  "There could be someone waiting for you there and if you are gonna badge there you might end up getting your friend hurt." She looks like she was thinking at first but then let out a deep breath.
  "So what are you suggesting? And besides aren't you here to catch me?" I was taken aback by her words. I did forgot about that.
  I couldn't even say anything, and she smirk before pulling away from my hand.
  "Heres the deal Mr. Alpha." How did she know that I was an Alpha? But then the memory of her being in the celebration. She probably heard from them.
  "You will help me get Clint out of here and it exchange. I will stay, you could go and locked me up or tell your whole pack that you caught me." She said staring dead serious in my eyes.
  "The last time I left you, you just vanish without a trace how could I know that you are serious about your words." It only means that when I saw her in the East Mansion was actually real and it wasn't just my imagination.
  "I don't plan on going anywhere anymore. I wouldn't run away anymore." She uttered, and with that I nodded my head.
  "Okay, but we can't do this today." I muttered, she stared at me confused. But I did explain to her that Clint was probably being held into another facility. I still wasn't sure about everything that change while I was sleeping. But what I know is that this woman was actually connected to the things that I did forgot.
  "Fine! When then?" I smiled at her irritated and impatient look.
  "3 days from today. I need to also gather some information about all of you and you will he the only one who could answer all of them." I then pulled a bracelet and lock it to her.
  It was something that would help getting her outside the territory and if she did plan to, I could easily find her. 
  "You are now my prisoner." I then carried her into a bridal way which made her almost squeal, but she covered her mouth in time.
  We couldn't let anyone hear us, and now that I notice she wasn't a werewolf at all. She was a human but something doesn't feel right about her. She was emanating some strange energy around her and by that look I know that she wasn't a normal human.
  I start dragging her to the East Mansion. The only safe place that I know she could use as a hiding place. And just like expected she was familiar with this place.
  "You've been here before right?" Her eyes widens at my words, I know she will deny it again so I didn't give her a chance.
  "I did saw you that time, you are sleeping and I wasn't just imagining it. And you aren't just in my head." I added, she then stared at me straight in the eyes.
  "It is better for you to forget everything that is connected to me." She mumbled then head upstairs, towards the room where I saw her before.
  As I watch her the sudden pain in my head was starting to come back and this time it was even worst. 
  My vision was starting to blur, I held the railings but I couldn't keep myself and before I know it I was falling to the ground but before I hit the coldness of the ground. A pair of warm arms held me. Catching me right before I hit my head.
  And before I know it the darkness completely consume me.

###chapter 91: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  I turned around with tears in my eyes, I wasn't sure where I was heading right now but I just want to get away from here.
  I stop when I heard footsteps heading my way. I hide to the nearest tree.
  "What do you mean they wanted to keep that royalty?" Are they talking about Clint? I lean closer to the tree, as I conceal my presence. Only those who have a higher rank like an Alpha can distinguish our presence.
  "Yes, the one they caught yesterday. He was being held in the facility. And if they didn't used sedative. We wouldn't be able to get him confined." The other one said. Facility? My eyes widens. They have another facility? It was right under our nose? How did we not find it? We've been searching for it for years, or Clint and the others are searching for it for years.
  Taking off my cape, I then decided to show myself.
  "Shit! She was one of th-" before they could even react I already used my abilities.
  "Take me to where Clint is." They both nodded their heads, then I followed them from behind, they both started heading towards an unfamiliar part of the territory. 
  It was a mountain part, I glance at it, it was not that steep but what keeps it dangerous is that this place is quite similar to the Dark forest, where you could get lost if you don't know the exact way. And by the looks of them, they quite know where they where going.
  It wasn't that long walk before we reach the building. It looks somehow similar to the one in the Island but this one is smaller than that.
  "Who is with-" I put them all to sleep, making sure no one is awake that might disturb me. I was pissed enough and I don't wanna end up losing control on this place and right now I need to avoid getting into their radar. Because I know it might lead to putting everyone in great danger. 
  I've done enough damage in the past, and I've killed a lot of innocent people, which also resulted to this endless war.
  I check all the room and was surprised to found children being held in the capsules, but this children aren't human. They are actually werewolves. I remember that they used this kind of thing before to us. Letting us sleep until we start showing progress. 
  The Doctors who are facilitating was already sleeping, I couldn't help but feel angry at them. They didn't stop robbing the children from their innocence. And now they are doing this again.
  "You will kill them if you'll do that." I turned around to find Rion, he was also being held up. But he was on a glass cage, the one Vicky used before.
  "Why are you here?" He looks worse, his body deteriorate, his bones are actually showing now. The long known Rion was gone.
  "They keep using me for their experiments but to their disappointment it wasn't working." He mumbled, then he started throwing up.
  "Why did you let this happened to you?" I felt bad for him, I know he wasn't the best Alpha of the South after hearing everything he have done.
  "You know Klaire, I deserve it after everything I've done to her." He mumbled, is this how a mate less Alpha is? Especially after their mate died in their own hands? The memory of the second war flash in my head.
  Did he also felt this way after what he did?
  "I should now ask you, why are you still here? Or did you perhaps go back here for him?" I didn't say anything and started laughing.
  "I knew it, both of you couldn't fight the bond no matter how hard you both try." I ignored him.
  "I don't have time for it Rion, now I want to know what you know about this." He then glance at the direction that I was pointing.
  "I don't know anything, they would tell me anyway. But I did heard them saying about the fact that adult werewolves ended up dying because of the experiment, to the point that they couldn't handle the changes in their body. Like their wolf is trying to fight back." He said, I don't know if I could trust his words right now but I couldn't just dismissed any information without further knowledge about it.
  "So they used the children?" He nodded his head. Exactly like what they did to us before. But this time it felt like they wanted to recreate something fast.
  "Do you know where Clint is?" He looks surprised at my words.
  "Are you saying that they also got Clint? I thought Dwayne was the only one who got caught." I froze after hearing his name. He then notice my reaction.
  "So you don't know? Dwayne was with me a few weeks ago, but unlike me he was put inside those tube like." He uttered, pointing at the capsules. I didn't say anything. Dismissing his words. It was impossible that he was captured, after what I saw earlier. He was acting pretty normal.
  I clench my fist remembering what I just saw earlier.
  "Looks like I couldn't get any information from you. Do you want to perhaps get out of there?" I couldn't just live him here even though he was the one who kidnapped me before.
  "No." He said firmly while shaking his head.
  "In this place I was abled to see her you know. And I wouldn't let you take that opportunity to me." I didn't say anything, by the look of it Rion was already out of his mind. 
  "Okay then, take care of yourself Rion. And I am no longer Klaire. I guess you knew that from before." His lips pursed into a wide smile.
  "Yes, I remember your name Amara." And with that I left, I also need to find something to get those children out. I went to the other rooms this time it was full of black blood. The same thing they used before, then the other rooms was also filled with children. 
  I went back to the hallway, I just need to check another, it was the darker corner of the hallway. It looks abandoned to me but I still need to check it.
  As I was about to take a step, I stiffen upon realization that someone is standing behind me and what's even worst is without even turning my head I already knew who it was.
  "Who are you?" I swear I held my breath as soon as I heard those words from his mouth.
  "Are you even real?" I remained silent, I wasn't sure if I could even face him right now. And if he was asking if I was real, I am real, which I hope was the other one.
  "Just tell me who are you! Why do you keep appearing in front of me!" He shouted, his voice sounded like he was in pain. I wasn't sure how I should face him right now.
  I slowly turn around and regret it as soon as our eyes meet. My heart was pounding loudly in my chest, I was even afraid that he would hear it.
  I made sure that I wasn't showing any emotions in my eyes. But it still feels we are the only people here which is partly true by the way. But it felt like I was being sucked up by his gaze. And all those emotions that I keep hiding and avoiding was now crawling back in my skin like it was telling me thag they are never gone in the first place.
  "It's been a while Aiden." That name sounded foreign in my mouth but still familiar. 
  ***
  I wasn't sure what to feel when we reach the East Mansion. Glancing at the familiar building, I couldn't help but think about the things we've done here. I look up to where the Veranda is, where he usually climb off just so he could talk to me. 
  Letting out a deep breath, I started heading upstairs. I could feel his piercing gaze on my back. I have no idea why heas asking if I was real but I know it has something to do with what Zion said. And I don't know if I should feel happy about it or not.
  I stared at my left arm, it was bracelet that is used to chain me into this place. I haven't seen this things in a while.
  Glancing at him, he was only sleeping but why does it feel like he was in pain in his sleeps. I was really surprised after seeing him and the fact that he doesn't remember me. I wasn't sure if I was happy about that matter or even more pissed.
  I stood up and stared at my own reflection, what are you doing again Amara? Your plan here is to get Clint back but right now you are tied up with the Alpha who you are avoiding at all cause.
  I was still unsure why he help me earlier, but I guess because of the fact that he couldn't remember me. I smiled bitterly at myself, getting all this emotions again after I tried to bury them out on the back of my mind.
  I'm sure by this time they already knew that I was gone. And Clint, I haven't seen him. I know he wouldn't just act recklessly without a reason. So I wonder what was his plan for staying here. And I hope I was right about that matter.
  "Hmmm." I turn around to find him having a nightmare, I went to his side and his claws are digging to my flesh as I tried to wake him up. 
  "Everything was okay, now just go back to sleep." He open his eyes for a second then started going back to sleep.
  I really need to go right now. But before I could his hands reach for mine.
  "Don't leave me..." He mumbled, still in his sleep. The familiar sparks erupted in my whole system just like the first time he held me.
  Stroking his handsome face, I then gave up.
  "Just until you wake up." I whispered, and I stayed like that until an explosion happened, it was from the facility.
  Fuck! Clint! 
  I glance at him then back to where Clint is.
  "Shit!" I jump of the veranda and started heading to where Clint was. When I got there I almost bend on my knees.
  The whole place was already on fire, and I couldn't find Clint. When I got inside, the place was filled with corpses. Dead bodies of werewolves are all over the place. Walls was painted in red because of their blood. Claw marks was all over the place. And there weren't the normal one, this aren't just made by normal werewolves.
  I ran further inside, following the strange noise coming from the other side of the hallway. It was the only part that I haven't checked earlier because he arrived.
  When I got there, my eyes widens upon seeing what it was.
  "No way." I whispered to myself as I glance at the creature that we all fear off. Werewolf like creature, black fur, red eyes. It was standing with its own two feet like, sharp claws that are quite bigger than a normal werewolf. 
  I thought it was only Kariz and I who was successfully became one? It growled as soon as it notice my presence. It was so loud that I know the whole pack probably heard it. 
  Glancing at its arms, he was holding the unconscious Clint. I need to get Clint out of here. And the whole pack is endanger right now. I need to do something to this Lycan before anyone could get hurt. 
  Just like how I did before, I let my rage took over. My hair turned back to its silver-white strands, as well as my eyes. 
  "Let him down!" I uttered as I stared at it, but strangely it didn't affect it. He growled once more before it started running towards me. And before I could react I was already hitting the walls. 
  "Fuck!" I coughed out blood, I didn't even notice it's movement. Wiping the blood smudge in my mouth. I need to think quickly, my abilities seems useless with it. Emanating a golden light around me, I tried to focus it in one single place before throwing it to where it was. But instead of getting hurt it just resulted for it to get even more angry.
  Physical strength, I was sure I couldn't match it. And without my abilities, I couldn't fight it. Except if I was able to turned into a Lycan. Which I have no idea how. 
  My eyes went wide when it suddenly lifted Clint into its mouth. Was it about to eat Clint?
  And before I know it, I felt my whole body feels so light. Like I could easily move myself.
  But then something caught my eyes, it was my own reflection.
  I was a Lycan?

###chapter 92: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  Letting me fall to the deep slumber, when I woke up. I was back into the succession ceremony. I glance up and saw a woman heading my way, she was wearing the same white satin lace gown that I saw before. But this time her face was not blurry.
  She stared at me with her red and golden eyes, hair as white as the moonlight. Silver-white hair to be exact. Her pale skin was gleaming, as she walks with grace.
  She had the same face as her...
  She was staring at me with her cold blank eyes. It was her all this time she was the one who manipulated and deceiving me to betray my whole pack. And the reason why she keep appearing in my head again was because I was still under her control. It does make sense after everything I felt when I saw her. Like I was completely smitten into her.
  I couldn't help but feel angry, I felt betrayed and used. And right now I even help her to hide. Just what on earth was I thinking. If the whole pack knew about this I am sure that I would end up getting more hatred than before.
  Because the fact that an Alpha is weak without its pack, so I would really need to retrieve my pack and having her here means I would put my whole pack in danger again.
  I open my eyes, and she was staring right in my face. In shock I almost fall off the bed.
  "You are finally awake." She uttered, just being near her was making me forget all the thoughts I had before. Her presence was too much for me.
  "Are you just going to keep staring at me?" I didn't even notice that I was staring for too long. 
  I look away, avoiding her gaze. To be honest I wasn't even sure what should I do now. I could go and lock her up like the plan but on the other hand I need her to find the others.
  "I know what you are thinking, and I am telling you that it won't work. And I have no plan on going anywhere." She mumbled, how could she know what I'm thinking?
  "It was written all over your face. And I could go and read your mind but I'd rather not. I wasn't interested with what you are thinking anyway." She added, just who is this person. 
  I was sure that she was a human but after seeing what she did during the succession. I was starting to doubt it. 
  "You could believe me or not but like I said, I don't plan on going anywhere and right now I need to get Clint out of here before they could do anything to him." She mumbled, I couldn't help but feel angry at her. How could she act like she didn't do anything wrong right now.
  Memories started flashing in my head again this time, I was in the Island and all I could see was dead bodies of our pack members. I watch as she tear them to pieces. 
  And before I know it I was already gripping her neck, she stared at me like she wasn't surprised about my action. And what's even worst is that she even smiled.
  I don't know why I felt a hint of pain in her smile, when I release her she started coughing while holding her neck.
  "You could kill me some other time but right now I need to do something." And with that she vanished, leaving the bracelet I put on her.
  How did she? I run towards the veranda and there she was walking outside. She glance my way waving before she vanished again.
  And just like before I let myself be played by her all over again. Clenching my fish I jump off the railings and start heading to where she was originally planning to go. But before I got there Clint was already gone. 
  Was this her plan all along? To keep me busy while Clint was already escaping?
  Fuck! I brush my hair out of frustration. The facility was already burnt when I got there. 
  When I entered the office my father doesn't look pleased at me. I think he already knew what I just did.
  "Where have you been? Did you know that the pack was attacked last night and you were no where to be found! They burnt the facility! And the prisoner escaped!" That, I am fully aware of. 
  "I don't know what happened to me last night, all I could remember is that I fell into a deep sleep." I wasn't lying on that part at least.
  "Looks like you are also affected by their doings." He mumbled, then he explained to me everything that happened.
  All our pack members in charge of the facility was now all dead, no one survived after the attack. And what they said was they heard a loud growl that they never heard before. 
  "You need to do something about this Dwayne, you are the new Alpha now." Hunter entered the office and threw his gloves on the ground.
  "How could they do this to me! Everything I work for is now all in vain!" I wasn't sure what he was talking about but I think it was connected to the facility which is now completely destroyed." My mother was following from his behind, and she also doesn't look pleased about everything that happened.
  "How could they enter without being notice?!" She uttered, I wasn't sure what to say to her.
  Was this also her doings? But last night when I got in the facility the pack members are just sleeping. And she didn't harm anyone at all. Not even me when she had the full capacity of killing me last night instead she actually did help me. But I also couldn't hide the fact that she could do that. After everything she have done in the Island this matter is easy for her. Just thinking about her was making my head hurts.
  "Dwayne are you listening?" I glance at the three of them and they all didn't look happy.
  "So what is the plan now?" I ask, but I know exactly what is running in their mind right now.
  "We need to track them down this time the Faction will start. We can't just let them do everything they pleased!" Hunter mumbled, he was old but I cannot just ignore his words.
  "I will talk to the other Alphas. And by the looks of it they also received the exact attacks." This time I couldn't just ignored the facts that she might actually connected to everything that is happening.
  But one thing is for sure I need to know everything about that woman. And I know exactly that the people in my pack wouldn't tell me anything about her. So I have to do something, I need to see her again.
  And if I did, I would never let her go. Because this time she will lead me to where those Rogues are. 
  After our talk I went upstairs and found Sarah, she was still sleeping. I held her still flat stomach. I need to make sure that my child would have to live normal without worrying if rogues will attack or not. I don't want to let him feel the same suffering her mother had, losing all the people she love which almost cause her insanity.
  "Good morning..." Sarah mumbled, still half asleep.
  Sarah wouldn't be able to shift for a while because she was pregnant. Which makes it more dangerous for her if another attack happened. Because she wouldn't be able to protect herself because shifting will hurt the baby inside her.
  "Good morning." I whispered then kissed the top of her head. This is what I should think of, not that woman. 
  I need to focus on the future of my son and my soon to be wife. And the only way to do that is to actually end the war and eliminate everyone who tried to stop us. No matter who it was.
  "Why do you look so serious? Your baby will notice that his Daddy was being grumpy." I held her hand and kissed it. Feeling guilty that I wasn't beside her when the attack happened. And if something happened to her and my child, then I wouldn't be able to forgive myself anymore.
  Sarah have done everything for me and all I did to repay her was nothing but pain. I took everything to her, her happiness and life with her mate and her Dad that she loved the most. 
  Just remembering how his father died by the hands of rogues only gave me another reason to do this.
  "I'm sorry." I mumbled, she then shake her head.
  "Nothing happened to me last night, and I know something happened to you that's why you suddenly vanished. Like always..." Her last words was a whisper but I did heard them and I couldn't blame her for it. She was right to be mad at me.
  "I fell unconscious, because an unbearable headaches. And I keep seeing things, and this woman." She straighten herself upon mentioning the woman.
  "What do you mean?" She sounded intrigued and worried? Or was she nervous about something?
  "Remember the time you saw me in the East Mansion. That was the time I saw her, but I know it was all in my head but then I keep seeing her in my head. And I know who she was." I uttered, I don't wanna mention what happened last night because it will only lead for her to be more worried and right now she don't need to be stressed out.
  "You know who she was?" She repeated my words with disbelief and suddenly her face looks pale.
  "Yes, she was one of the Royalties. And she was the one the you all keep mentioning before." I uttered, and her face became more pale. Like i've said something I shouldn't.
  "We mentioned?" I nodded my head. 
  "Wait Dwayne look I c-" before she could finish her sentence I pulled her into a kiss.
  "I know you did warned me about her and I did ignored it. I'm sorry that I didn't tell you about it." I mumbled, feeling embarrassed about all the time that I was with her but keep thinking about that woman with blue-gray eyes.
  "Oh... Don't worry I understand that everything was confusing after everything you've been through. Especially after loosing most of your memories." She mumbled, she looks like she was relieved about something.
  "Thank you for always being there for me Sarah. I couldn't think of anything if it wasn't because of you." I mean everything I said to her. And after knowing who that woman is, or at knowing that she do exist and wasn't just in my head. I could now focus on Sarah.
  "You know that I will always be here for you Dwayne. And now I wasn't alone. We are going to be here for you." She smiled whole holding her tummy.
  She was right, this time I wasn't alone anymore. 

###chapter 93: Clint
  Clint's P.O.V
  Zion and I decided to split up and he will go upstairs because he knows that place more than I do. While I will go and check the office. Because I've been there quite sometime so I was familiar with it. 
  I open the door and it swung open. The place still looks exactly like the way it was before. But what does that book looks like. Kariz said that the book contains the ritual to return everything back to it rightful place. We don't know the real meaning of that but we guess that our abilities will return to Klaire.
  I started rummaging the cabinets, tables and the bookshelves. Nothing was in here that looks like anything useful. I turn around and was about to go out when something caught my eyes. It was a book right at the top of the bookshelf, it wasn't that visible unless you are in this position. 
  My heart started pounding as I step closer to it. Is this the book that Kariz was talking about? I reach for the book but as soon as I touch it my hand felt like I was burnt on something. Pulling my hand, I stared at it, my hand was cut. How am I going to get it?
  I took off my cape, then wrapped it around it. The burning sensation was still there but it wasn't like before. Feeling curious I ignored the burning feeling and started flipping the pages, just like what Kariz said all the long gone creatures are here
  Demons, Goblins, Dragons and Lycans. I stop at the page of the lycan. As I flip it my fingers were cut again, the blood drops on the pages, but what surprised me is that the page started glowing.
  The unknown symbols from earlier started to assemble, changing into a language that I can read.
  "The beholder with the blood of the King should find the match to ignite the beginning of the night. The unbreakable bond should die or the crescent moon shall rise." I don't understand anything but I know that the beholder is pertaining to Klaire and the match, only means it was Dwayne? I don't understand if that was what it means but I need to read it further. 
  I tried to read the next line but I stop when I heard a noise coming from upstairs. 
  Then realized that we are not the only one in here. 
  I ran upstairs and found Dwayne chocking the death out of Zion. And his aura is emanating a black light. He would really kill Zion. I didn't think twice and push him on the wall. The wall cracked open making him fall.
  "Are you okay?" I ask Zion who is now trying to catch his breath. 
  "Y-yes, thanks." I pulled him up, and it didn't take that long for Dwayne to get back to his feet.
  "Get this back, I will handle him. Make sure to take this to Klaire!" And with that Dwayne appear in front of us. 
  Zion looks hesitant at first but nodded his head. I need to know what they did to him and by the look of it he doesn't recognize or remember us.
  "I won't fight Dwayne." I mumbled, because doing that will lead to ones death and Klaire would end up getting hurt.
  Forgive me Klaire, because I know ones you found out that I was caught you will end up blaming yourself. But right now we Dwayne. No, you need Dwayne.
  I could hear footsteps heading our way and it didn't took that long for Ben to arrive. I glared at the person behind him. 
  "What an awful surprised to see one of the Royalties here. I was really happy to see you again Clint, it's been a while." Hunter said, I glared at him, just seeing his smug smile makes me want to punch him in the face.
  I remember what he did towards my pack.
  "I wish I could also say that I was happy to see you but on the contrary I don't even wanna see your face, not even a glimpse" I hissed, he just laughed at my words.
  I couldn't believe that I let that person get close to me. He even treated me like his own grandson not knowing that he was one of the reason we all suffered.
  "Don't be so bitter Clint, you know that you used to follow me around when you are still a kid." I don't even want to remember that, just thinking about it makes me want to puke! Now I understand why our Father tried to hide Klaire to them, they never knew that she was still alive.
  "Don't worry, you will all be joining the others soon." He said then turns his back on us. I tried to struggle but then calm myself back. 
  Just like planned I need to get inside their facilities, that was exactly the reason why we came here not just for the book.
  We have to know the details they know about Lycan and if they still hide something. 
  Dwayne just stood there, he was like a loyal puppy. They really did something to him.
  When we got out of the room, they injected something to me and when I stared who it was. My eyes went wide.
  "Belerick?" And with that the darkness started to consume me.
  When I woke up, I was locked into a glass like cage, I tried to punch it and smash it but it was useless. I glance around me and I was in a white room, in front of me was a machine. I couldn't distinguish what it was.
  Then the door opened and people wearing capes started entering, they all look excited upon seeing me. The amusement in their eyes was glimmering.
  I couldn't dismissed the fact that I know they will do something to me. Those familiar white coat people, it was all just like before.
  "You are finally awake." A man with a cape entered and without even taking his cape off, I already know who it was.
  "Belerick." He smiled upon hearing his name. He still looks exactly the same as I remember but how?
  "Are you wondering why I was still alive after that bitch tried to burned me?" I didn't say anything, his face have burnt scars, probably because of that time. But his hair and eyes... It looks exactly as Klaire.
  "You know that time I also thought that I would die, but you know what happened? After all the experiments I did to myself that day was the only time it shows the progress that I want. I was able to become a powerful being!" He started laughing like a lunatic, I wasn't sure how to react as his words.
  "You don't believe me? You will see it soon." He mumbled before turning his back.
  "Start now." And before I knew smoke started coming inside the glass chamber. 
  Shit! 

###chapter 94: Alive
  Clint's P.O.V
  I woke up with the sound of someone screaming. I held my head as I sat down because it was still pounding. When I glance around I was still in the glass like cage, but something doesn't feel right.
  I tried to break the glass over and over again until I was successful enough to put a crack on it. I need to get away from here.
  But then I froze when a loud growl came from the door outside. It was something that I haven't heard before. It was too loud that I even need to cover my ears.
  Shit! What was that?
  With a loud bang the door swung opened following the creature that I never expect to see here. Red eyes stared at me when it finally saw me. Drool in his mouth was coming out, I can still see the red liquid in its black fur. And the scent of blood reach my nostrils.
  What does this thing need? And how? I really need to get out of here.
  Before I could even move it started pouncing on the glass. Now I regret that I even put a slight crack on it. It broke as soon as it made contact with it throwing me out with the pieces of glass in the air.
  Without even thinking I shifted to my wolf. I couldn't see any thoughts in its head. Like it wasn't even human at all?
  I know I wouldn't be a good match against him but during the training with Kariz, I know I could at least try to get away from him before it was too late.
  It growled as soon as its sees my wolf, the wolf shake his head trying to get away from his intimidation. It wanted my wolf to submit but I wouldn't let that happened.
  I growled back, not liking the intimidation it was applying to my wolf. And it looks like it didn't like it. It started breaking all the equipment in this room. Which started a fire, that's more like it, we really wanted to burned this place. But then I haven't checked the whole facilities yet. 
  My wolf used this chance to pounce at it, it almost lost it balance but it recover fast and hit me with it's hand. I could feel my flesh being split open when it hit me.
  Looking satisfied, it lick the blood I had in its claws. I thought Lycans don't think? They just kill? But why does it looks like it was playing with me? Or it was playing me?
  Ignoring the pain I rush another attack this time I was able to bite its shoulder. My canines digging deep in its flesh, ignoring its claws hitting my back as it tries to make me get off. 
  Then it started hitting me in the wall the first hit made me close my eyes, my wolf strength was still not fully recover. After I woke up I could feel that my body was somehow weak.
  When I couldn't take it anymore I let go, spitting out its blood in my mouth. Unlike the normal color of blood, its blood was black, dark like its fur. 
  And before I could know it I was already flying in the air, the wall I hit broke into an hole. Me and my wolf gasp for air, feeling that a few parts of our ribs breaking. 
  Before I could recover it swung his arms, hitting me across the hallway. I could feel the blood in our mouth, my wolf whimpers because of the pain. Our left leg was injured this time. Having a hard time maintaining it's balance. Hearing growling sound across the room, expected that it will come here before i could even recover. My injuries are not even healing like before. I know those faction did something to me while i was unconscious, i remember the wolfsbane they use during the attack in the central of kingdom. 
  I know my wolf was already weak enough that he couldn't stand against it. Letting out a deep breath, i decided to do the last thing i know even if my wolf is against it. I know to myself that it wouldn't take long for me to shift back my human form.
  I could feel its presence getting closer and closer to me. Until its face was a few inches away from me. Growling I could feel its breath on my face. My wolf was starting to lost its focus. I wasn't even sure if it was because of whatever those faction did to me. 
  My wolf tried to back away but with swing of its arms, we both went crashing into something that I wasn't sure what is. I glance at my hands, I was back into my human form, my vision was starting to blur, I could feel the warm fluid running in my head. It was red, I smiled bitterly to myself. I couldn't let myself die yet. 
  Then I felt it grabbing me, I could still feel my surroundings but my body feel paralyzed. I felt it lifting my body up to its head. Knowing what it was about to do I shut my eyes closed.
  Then I felt someone else presence, I couldn't determine who it was because I was too weak. Then followed by a loud crash, are they fighting? I wanted to open my eyes but sleep is trying to take me in. 
  Forcing myself to open my eyes, I saw something else, it has the same dark fur like what I fought with earlier. Their growling at each other, are they going against each other?
  Unable to even clarify my vision, I let my eyelids shut close. Hearing nothing but the sounds of crashing walls.
  When I open my eyes, I was surprised to find myself inside my old room. This isn't the Central Kingdom, it was the East Mansion. 
  I glance to where the only person standing next to the window was. Black hair swaying at the direction of the wind. She turn around, blue-gray eyes stated at me.
  "You are finally awake, how are you feeling?" I couldn't believe my eyes. She had the same appearance she had before. I was used on seeing her silver-white hair but I did missed seeing her like this. It reminded me of her being the Klaire that I know. My sister.
  "How? Where is that thing?" Feeling confused about what happened, I couldn't even utter a right word.
  And what is she doing here? 
  "That thing escaped, before the fight ended it started to retreat like it was being controlled by someone?" She mumbled. Like she was having her own suspicion.
  "Why did you come here Klaire? You know how dangerous it was for you if they caught you." She ignored my words and gave me a glass of water.
  "I'm okay, and if I didn't arrived in time that thing would have eaten you alive." I could feel her irritation and anger in her voice. 
  "Does the others know that you are here?" She stiffen at my question, I guess I was right. She did run away.
  Before I could even utter another word, the sound coming from the next room made my eyes wide.
  "Why is he here?" She ignored me and walk to the door. 
  "Meet me outside." She uttered, I followed her from behind but before I could enter she shut the door in my face. 
  Seriously?
  I listen to their conversation without even trying. But before it ended I decided to do as she said. Grabbing my clothing back to my room. I slip into a pair of old jeans and shirt. I was surprised that I still found some remaining things that I left here.
  When I went outside, it didn't take long for Klaire to jump off the veranda. Then without saying a word she was standing next to me.
  "We need to go." I uttered, she didn't say anything. As we crossed the border she put the guards to sleep again. I wasn't able to shift to my wolf so we just walk.
  Then something crossed my mind, I stiffen at the thought of him. Should I tell her? But hiding it from her won't change anything.
  "Belerick is alive."

###chapter 95: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  I was a Lycan?
  I glance at my own reflection, red rubies eyes piercing back at me. Then the growling from the other Lycan pulled me back to my senses.
  I was stunned to see how fast I am, I could even see its movement. Trying to attack me and it wasn't even that hard for me to dodge it. While earlier it fell like in a blink of an eye it wa able to launch at me. I glance at its hand, Clint was still unconscious.
  Gritted my canines, I felt the anger inside me. And before I could even think I was already piercing its arms where it was holding Clint. 
  I caught Clint in time before he hits the ground. And with a loud growled I bite its arm, piercing it out of its shoulder. It started to growled and whimper at the same time. Trying to bite me as it tried to get away from my hold.
  And it wasn't an easy one to hold, I let go of its other arm and back away. To my surprise, it started picking up its broken arm, then put it back like nothing happened?
  What just happened? How could it possibly do that?
  Before I could even find an answer, it jumped in the air, catching me off guard. Feeling its weight on top of me, it was hard enough for me to get it off me. I glance to where Clint was, who went crashing like me because I was holding him in my arms.
  Red eyes glared at me, I could feel its breath in my face, canines showing just a few inches away from my face. I was completely overpowered by it. Growling loudly, I could feel the horror trying to eat me up. Not even sure if I was afraid that it would kill me or because I was one of its kind. The terror of seeing myself in its state made me even more afraid of myself.
  Closing my eyes as I prepare for its attack, but nothing happened. A whistle blew from a far, and the weight from my top was being lifted. I open my eyes and found the Lycan running towards the direction of the whistle.
  What was that?
  I tried to stand but I couldn't, glancing at my hand I was back to my old self. Pulling a cover of my naked body, I walk towards Clint. I wasn't sure if that thing will return again but right now I need to get Clint away from here.
  As we reach the East Mansion, I don't have any other choice right now but to stay here. I lay Clint in his bed. Feeling my body starting to feel heavy, like all my energy has been drain. I couldn't help but feel sleepy.
  Shaking my head trying to avoid the heavy feeling. I need to go and find that thing. After seeing what it did to everyone in the facility. I know to myself that seeing it freely outside might put the others in great danger. And I have to stop it.
  But I couldn't remember how I was able to turned into a Lycan.
  I held the walls for support as I walk outside the door but before I could even reach the outside my vision became blurry. And the next thing I know I was already in complete darkness.
  When I woke up no seems to be awake yet, and I was more than satisfied for that. I wouldn't be able to say anything if Dwayne suddenly saw ne in my state and I wasn't even sure if what would be his reaction after knowing that he seems to not recognize me at all.
  Contemplating whether I should check him or Clint. Letting out a sigh, I decided that I should talk to Clint first and know everything that happened.
  When I went inside his old room, it didn't take long for him to wake up. He looks shocked at first at his surroundings then started to calm down.
  "You are finally awake, how are you feeling?" I ask, he stared at me for a few minutes. Making sure that I was real and he wasn't just hallucinating.
  When he was finally able to assess himself and I answered some of his questions. I left him, I could feel his presence behind me. I went to my room and before he could utter anything else again I shut the door on his face.
  Letting out a deep breath as I felt a swamping emotions inside me. I slowly went near the bed where he was sleeping soundly.
  Then his eyes opened, and I swear I held my breath when our eyes met. His green-blue eyes still having the same effect like it used to be.
  His gaze was fixated with me. And I know I told him that I don't plan on running away again but right now there is a much bigger problem that I need to solve first before I let him do his thing.
  In the back of my head I know what Kariz means. But right now is not the time to think about this. I jump off the veranda making sure that he wouldn't be able to follow me but to my surprise he did. 
  Using my remaining strength I vanished into thin air. Clint was waiting for me just near the border. He wasn't also in his right state to be able to shift to his wolf. 
  "We need to go." I uttered as we reach the border. I put them back to sleep. I could hear the chaos from the pack already.
  "I need to tell you something." Clint mumbled frozen on his feet. I glance at him and he was hesitating at first. The look on his face was enough to tell me that what he was about to say is something that I wouldn't like.
  "Belerick is alive." I couldn't believe my ears upon hearing that name again. His alive?
  I remained silent, but then the sound of footsteps pulled us both back to reality.
  "Let's go!" I nodded my head and we started to run away.
  We used the same way I used before. And just like expected the others are waiting on the other side. The look of displeased is written all over their face.
  "What are you thinking?" Kariz uttered upon seeing me. I ignored his words. I wonder who was older than me for him to nag me like that? Technically speaking he was older than me as of now because I was born again while he remained like himself. But I was still born first.
  "I think before you all start to nag at me, you all should listen to us first." They all remained silent. Waiting for us to say it.
  "Belerick is alive." And to my surprised they all remained silent.
  The kind of reaction that I wasn't expecting. I glance at Kariz who didn't change his expression or doesn't look surprised at all.
  "You knew didn't you." I muttered, they all turned their heads towards me. Kariz remain silent.
  "Yes." 

###chapter 96: Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  The next day I entered the office and found my father looking like he was looking for something. He was even surprised when he notice me.
  "What are you looking for?" He stared at me with complete horror.
  "They got the book." He uttered, I don't know what he was talking about but then the sudden event of last time came to mind. Clint did gave something to Zion before he left. 
  "It was just a book." I mumbled, he started shaking his head like I just said something that I shouldn't have.
  "That book was a map." I stared at him still confused but then he decided to tell me.
  "Have a sit first, this is something that I wouldn't wish to tell you but you have to know." I didn't say anything, because it feels like it was something serious.
  "That book was from an oracle, she was a woman from the protectors of the Lycans blood. I met her before I met your mother. And she gave me that book telling me that it was map towards the location of the fountain of blood. It was the only way to locate the whereabouts of the Lycans." I just stared at him completely lost at his words.
  "Are you saying that Lycans are still here? Is that the reason why the Rogues attacked us?" He nodded his head.
  "The rogues and Faction are both looking for its location for a long time now. I hid the book with the protection of the Oracle inside the book." Now that was something, I glance at my hand remembering what I witness last time.
  "What kind of protection are you talking about?" He stared at me in the eyes.
  "Only the rightful bloodline can used it. And the ones who are not can't access it. It will just look like a normal book that has the distinction of the mystical creatures." He explains. Rightful bloodline?
  "What do you mean by rightful bloodline?" He stop at my question and stared at me with suspicion.
  "Only the bloodline of the protectors and Lycans can access it." He added, then a sudden headache made me lost my balance.
  "Aiden..."
  I glance up, looking over my shoulders for someone but found no one.
  "Are you okay?" My father ask, he looks at me with worries in his eyes.
  "Yes, but let me ask you one more thing. If you had that book for quite some time then why did you not gave it to the Faction?" Now it was his turn to stiffen. I could see the discomfort in his eyes.
  "It would be-" before he could even finish what he was about to say my mother burst to the door. 
  She was smiling when she saw me, her blonde hair was tied into a bun and she was wearing her usual white flowy dress that sits on her ankle.
  "My dear Dwayne, I thought you would be on the training grounds." She mumbled then gave me a kissed on the cheek.
  "I will, but I just went here to ask father about the trainings." She smiled at my words, but something about her doesn't seems right? Or was I thinking too much lately?
  "Oh right, you will start hunting them later right?" I glance at her then back to my father. He avoided my gaze. 
  "Yes." I mumbled then turn my back at them. Slamming the door shut. Hunting them down? How come this is the first time that I heard this matter. 
  I was the Alpha now!
  As I step outside the packhouse, Hunter was outside and when he saw me his smile widens.
  "Oh my Great-great grandson, how are you feeling?" He uttered, and just like expected everyone is already gathered at the training grounds. While some are getting ready for tonight.
  "Did you gave the orders?" I mumbled, he turn his head at me with his smile. And I swear I wanted to rip that smile on his face.
  "Oh yes, I forgot to tell you." Now he was starting to get on my nerves.
  "How could you just decide on something without my consent." I uttered, my words are full of warning. And I swear I was pissed enough about everything that happened.
  "Don't sulk Dwayne. This matter is for the good of the pack." He mumbled while taping my shoulders. I shove it away then his smile fade.
  "I was the Alpha, and my authority is something that you couldn't just ignored." I said, with a warning tone. My wolf was on the verge of crawling out.
  "I'm still an Elder, Alpha and your authority is similar to mine." He bark back. I know what he was saying is true but an Alpha is someone that they couldn't just ignored. Elders are well respected by the Faction but Alpha's have the same ranking as them. They couldn't just ignored both sides.
  "You still should have consulted me." I mumbled through gritted teeth. I didn't notice that everyone was already staring at us including Sarah who just walk outs of the packhouse.
  The tension in the air was too much that no one dares to speak up.
  "If I did? Could you do the right thing? I know what you did Alpha." His last words was a silent whisper enough for me to only hear.
  He knows what I did? Then the night at the facility. My eyes widens and stared at him. He had a smirk on his face before walking away.
  I couldn't even have the guts to pull him back.
  "What happened?" Sarah ask as soon as she reach me.
  "Nothing, it was just something about the hunting." I said, still staring at the back of Hunter.
  "Oh right." Now I'm really pissed, she knows it before me.
  "Who told you about it?" I ask, she stared at me with a confused face.
  "I heard about it last night. It was the time where the eruption about the rogues and attacks happened." She explains, I let out a sigh. I was even putting my anger on her.
  "Let's just have something to eat first, I think I was just really hungry." I uttered and her lips turns into a wide smile.
  "Okay, the baby is probably hungry too." She said, then tapped her small tummy. I even forgot that she was pregnant.
  "Yes, let's feed my babies first." I pulled her hand and we decided to eat on a local restaurant. 
  She sat down while I order something. The server came to me in no time.
  "Good afternoon Alpha. What can I get for you?" She looks familiar, then I notice her name plate. 
  "Dinna." I uttered as I read it. I didn't even notice that I read it out loud.
  "Yes Alpha?" She uttered, she looks like she was about to burst out crying but her tone of voice had a mixed confusion.
  "I'll just have a 2 steak, medium rare." She then write our order on her notebook and then went her way back to the Kitchen.
  Sarah stared at me with a confused look.
  "Do you know her?" I shaked my head, then remember someone with the exact resemblance.
  "She was the sister of the twins." I bursted out, they are one of the escapists. 
  "I see, so that is the reason why she was staring at you that intense." She mumbled while nodding her head.
  "She probably wanted to cursed me after what happened to her brothers.
  "Who cares? They are some low ranking werewolves anyway." She said, saying it louder where the walking Dinna can hear. 
  She was holding the two steaks and some drinks in her hand. She didn't even blink upon mentioning her brother. 
  "Finally, yiu didn't put any poison on this right? Or are you one of the traitors?" Sarah suddenly bursted out. I couldn't believe that she would actually say something like that.
  "My brothers are not traitors." She uttered firmly, directing her gaze at me.
  "How could you be sure? They saw them escape with the traitors." She answered back. I watch as she clench her first, her wolf was just about to come out. 
  And with my wolf instinct I grabbed her hand and pinned her on the table.
  "I wouldn't do that if I were you. She was pregnant." I mumbled making her eyes widens. It was part of the law that any harm towards a pregnant she-wolf could lead to exile. Because they couldn't defend themselves.
  "I'm sorry, I didn't know Alpha." She uttered, I released her and she ran back to the kitchen. 
  Sarah then held my arms.
  "I was so afraid, I thought she would actually hit me and our baby. I'm so happy that you are here to protect us.* She said, I let out a deep sigh.
  "You shouldn't have said that. You put my child's life in danger." I said, then pulling my arms away from her.
  She stood there glaring at me. I ignored her and started eating. I have other things to think about right now.

###chapter 97 Dwayne
  Dwayne's P.O.V
  It's been 5 years since that day where we last saw Klaire, it's been years but it still feels like yesterday to me. I was still hunted by what happened 5 years ago.
  Those eyes keep daunting me in my dreams, it still feels unreal that she was gone.
  &quot;Dwayne it's time.&quot; Alec's voice called, I let out a sigh, I wet my face with lukewarm water. Just to keep me awake, all these years I didn't have a single decent sleep.
  I pull my towel then slip into my shirt and followed Alec outside.
  Noah is already waiting when I got there.
  &quot;Finally, sleeping beauty has risen.&quot; He mumbled then started walking inside my office like it was his.
  After everything that we've been through, the Royalties remained in the Pack because we are still not. Not yet, because she was still out there.
  &quot;Let's start,&quot; I mumbled, they all turn their heads at me. Clint, Yustef, Noah, and Eliot were on the other side of the long table. I took my seat right at the center.
  &quot;They are again moving,&quot; Eliot uttered, his eyes are glowing then he started marking it on the map like how he usually does.
  &quot;That's the West territory,&quot; Noah said while staring at the map. &quot;That was the nearest pack to the Human Civilization.&quot; He added.
  Just what on earth are planning this time? I glance at the map where they attacked before. They already destroyed the South border territory.
  &quot;We need to move, and get there before they do.&quot; They all nodded their head and we all prepared all the things that we will be needing.
  All these years we prepared ourselves doing training, Yustef was the one in charge of training the pack members. We cannot risk any more lives this time we can't repeat the same mistake like before.
  I glance at my pack members who are now done with their training. I wish Zion was still here to witness all his hard work did pay off.
  &quot;I've been looking for you.&quot; I turn to see Sarah, she was wearing a yellow sundress. Her favorite dress, I kissed her forehead. Her lips curve into a smile.
  &quot;Why are you here? You should be inside right now.&quot; I whispered, she shake her head then pulled my hand into her now growing belly, it was still not that noticeable but you can feel her belly bump.
  &quot;I can't just send you off without saying goodbye.&quot; She mumbled, then pulled me into a kiss.
  5 years have passed and I still have no idea where Klaire is. All those years we tried looking for her tracking their every movement, but still found nothing not even a glimpse of her shadow.
  And now Sarah is pregnant with my child. It all happened one day after Zion died, I was not in my right self at that time. I went drinking, after losing my mate then I lost my best friend. Sarah was in my room during that time and she was on her heat, that is what they call it when a she-wolf was at the age where they can conceive a baby. That only happened to the she-wolf who already found their mate and on her part. I was the one who killed her mate that's why she was in pain every time she feels her heart. My mother did say that it feels like all your limbs are being taken out of your body. And the only way to relieve it is to mate.
  That is also one of the reasons why I started sleeping with her in the past. She didn't conceive a baby before because it was nearly impossible for a she-wolf to conceive a child that is not her mate. But there is still a small possibility and that is how it happened.
  Clint was furious when he found out, saying that I had betrayed his sister. And I know he was right but I cannot just abandon my child because of my selfishness. I made a mistake and that is something that I have to carry for the rest of my life.
  &quot;Go inside now, it's cold outside.&quot; She bid me another farewell before she went inside.
  &quot;You look good at being a father,&quot; Yustef uttered, I can feel the sarcasm in his statement. Clint just stared at me then started moving again.
  They all hated me for taking Sarah in, well it's obvious in the past that we have our pack but I am not Aiden anymore, I can't just be stuck into the past. Right now I have a pack that I have to protect and a child that will soon replace me in this title. I have to do everything in my power to keep them safe even if I have to go against everyone... Even her.
  My wolf doesn't like the idea of fighting our mate but he has this parental father inside us that we have to protect our pup at all cost. This pup is also one of the reasons why we somehow had the motivation to keep going.
  &quot;I can't believe you got another she-wolf pregnant after you came chasing Klaire back,&quot; Noah uttered with hatred. I know they are mad, and I understand why because I myself is even mad about myself. But I can't let that affect my child.
  &quot;Let him be Noah,&quot; Eliot called for Noah. Among them, Eliot was the only one who didn't show his hatred. But I can feel his somewhat resentment over me.
  I let out a sigh and went inside, as I entered my office my mother is already waiting for me there.
  &quot;Dwayne...&quot; She starts, I know how this will end again.
  &quot;Mom we already talk about this.&quot; She cups my face then turn it so I found face her.
  &quot;My son you know that this pack needs their Luna, especially now. Your position as Alpha is still being questioned after everything that happened.&quot; I pulled her hand away from my face and lean on the wall.
  I know what she was saying is not wrong. After all the chaos that happened in this whole 5 years. The Pack was furious and afraid that one day I would betray them because of my mate. They are already fully aware of all the things that happened.
  I saw their doubts every time I came across them. Their respect for my father is also being questioned because of how my father can't control me.
  &quot;You need to make Sarah your Luna, you have to think about the pack. You've wasted 5 years of your life looking for her but found nothing. All those lives that we lost were all because of her Dwayne! When will you even be able to open your eyes and face it!&quot; I reach for the doorknob not wanting to hear any more from my mother.
  &quot;You rejected her in the first place, Dwayne! You have to live with it!&quot; That's the last thing I heard before the door closed.
  I close my eyes, shaking that thought away from me. If I didn't reject her would things be different? Will she stay if I didn't leave her alone? Will she still choose to be with us even if she remembered everything?
  I smash the vase on the side, not caring about the piercing eyes that are watching me right now. If Zion was here I know he would end up punching me right now and telling me to do the same thing that my mother wants. Especially if it was about Sarah...
  &quot;You okay there?&quot; Alec asks, he was the one who took Zion's position after he died. He was one of the strongest fighters we had after Zion and Dale died.
  &quot;Yeah.&quot; He look at me unsure then turn his back and started walking away.
  Alec and I aren't that close, he just returned after his training with the South. He was more close to Sarah because they did training together. He was also a quiet guy, brown hair with a well-sculptured figure and he was also taller than me. When he first arrived here he fought with almost all the pack warriors who wanted to take the position of the Beta and all of them did not stand against him. He earned my respect because of his fighting skills. Even the Royalties acknowledge his skills. If I didn't know he was a low-status werewolf I would believe that he has Alpha blood inside him.
  I watch him walking away then stop, to stare for something or someone. I followed who he was staring at and found Sarah who is now talking to Grace, one of her friends. Sarah noticed Alec staring then she whispered something to Grace and she started walking away like she was running away from someone. Is it just me or she was somehow uncomfortable with Alec?
  &quot;Alpha everything is ready, we were only waiting for your word.&quot;

###chapter 98: Amara
  Amara's P.O.V
  "You knew all this time and you hide it from us? Seriously Kariz what else are you hiding?" I couldn't believe it. He knew that the reason why we all suffered is still alive and yet he still hide the fact that he was alive.
  Clint now step forward, he had a serious look on his face.
  "You know that the book was at the Northern territory all this time right?" Kariz then nodded his head.
  "So what's the point of looking for the other pack? If all this time you knew that the book was at the Crescent moon Pack?" Yustef uttered, feeling annoyed about the sudden revelation.
  "I need to confirm something." He mumbled, and I think I know what he was talking about.
  "There was another one right." This time he was his turned to look at me with wide eyes. 
  "You saw it?" Clint was now the one who answered for me.
  "It almost killed me. No, it wanted to eat me." Clint said, remembering what happened.
  "So I was right, Belerick really have another Lycan with him. But who was it?" A moment of silence from all of us. I couldn't still believe it myself.
  "There is something I want to ask." I mumbled, breaking the silence.
  "You said that only during the Full moon does a Lycan can take over without the knowledge of its host. But I was able to turn during the morning." They all look at me like I said something I shouldn't.
  "You turned into a Lycan?" Noah uttered with disbelief. Then they all turned their heads to Galaz.
  "You know about this and you didn't say anything?" Clint said, he was now angry.
  "I told him not to say anything." I mumbled, Kariz was silence the whole time.
  "You're Lycan is longing for its mate. That would only be the right explanation." Kariz said, but I don't believe it.
  "What really happened to your mate?" I suddenly uttered, his eyes shifted reflecting a foreign emotions that I didn't know he had.
  "I killed her." My eyes widens at his words.
  "You killed her?" He nodded his head.
  "She was the only one who keep me in my insanity but something happened and I completely lost control and when I woke up, she was dead." His last words turns into a whisper. 
  "I thought the mates of the Lycans are the only thing that could keep them in control?" Eliot said, we all waited for Kariz to answer but he didn't.
  "It was the opposite." Clint mumbled, we all turned our heads at him.
  "I'm not sure if I was right, but Klaire don't need our blood or her blood back. But what she needs is the blood of her mate. The beholder with the blood of the King should find the match to ignite the beginning of the night. The unbreakable bond should die or the crescent moon shall rise." He mumbled like he was reciting a riddle he read from somewhere.
  "What do you mean?" Yustef said, Clint glance at Kariz.
  "It was written in the book. Where is the book?" Clint ask. 
  "You opened it?" Clint nodded his head.
  "Yes, but I wasn't able to read everything because Dwayne happened to be there." Clint explained to us everything he witness with that book and we all listen to him.
  Kariz then explained that from a normal werewolf or being the book will appear like a normal book with written legends. And only the ones with the Lycans and Protectors bloodline can actually opened it but not everyone can do it.  Because Belerick couldn't use it without us. That is also one of the reason why he started his experiments. 
  When we got inside the castle, Kariz took the book out. He said that what's inside is the map of the location of the Lycans. The fountain of their blood and Kariz believe that I am the only key to be able to awaken them.
  "Opened it." Clint said, Kariz flipped the book but nothing happened. Unlike what Clint describe.
  "What happened? Why is it not appearing?" Clint then pulled the book from Kariz. "I swear I saw it, the book pages are glowing and I even got cut because of its pages." He explains.
  "Maybe the book doesn't want you two because the original beholder is here." Galaz mumbled, we all became silent.
  "What? Maybe I was right. She was the key like you always say." He added, then Clint step closer to me holding the old book in his hand.
  "Maybe it was you who should do it Klaire." I hesitated at first but then I felt a sudden warmth in my body, my heart started pounding really fast like I joined a marathon.
  I slowly reach for the book but just as it touches my skin, a burning feeling came crawling all over my body. It was painful but it just lasted for seconds.
  And just like what Clint said, the book was glowing. Like it was calling me to opened it. I slowly flip the book opened and the pages was full of symbols that I don't understand and just like how Clint describe it. The symbols started placing itself to a language I understand.
  "The beholder with the blood of the King should find the match to ignite the beginning of the night. The unbreakable bond should die or the crescent moon shall rise." I read the first line. Just like what Clint said earlier.
  "Red blood, red eyes, red poppies upon the Earth's breath. Though shall not awaken the sleeping ones or the crimson night shall rise." I read the last line. It was just short but then something else appear.
  "Dear beholder, you shall choose between the lives of your people or the ones you truly long for." I'm not sure if it was a warning or a advice.
  I flipped the next page and there it was. The map, the whole map of the werewolf territories is here including the forbidden forest and the Island were we used to be. 
  "The map is here." They all circled the book. 
  "There nothing in there." Noah mumbled, and I look at them with the same expression. It was only me who is seeing it.
  "It was inside the deep part of the dark forest, it was an area which is not in the normal map. Like the place was not existing at all." I mumbled as I glance at the map which is at the wall. 
  "Are you saying it was here?" Clint pointed at the area where the map is showing. I nodded my head.
  "But there is nothing there." Galaz said.
  "We came across that area before, and it was nothing it was only a cliff just like what is written in the normal map." Kariz said, we all remain silent. 
  "What if it wasn't in the land?" Noah said. We all stared at him, he has a point.
  "But werewolves are weak when it comes to water, we wouldn't be able to use our wolf if we want to search under water." Eliot said. Which gave me an idea.
  "Noah was right, werewolves are not able to fight or last long in the water. Which make sense because no one would dare to look for it under water. What if the place was actually not on land but under water." They all stared at me.
  "You have a point. And if the map is pointing at that location then there is only one way to find out." Kariz stop for a second.
  "We need to go there ourselves." 
