
###chapter 1
**********
Grace Young believes she’s a sickly college student—until a jolt of electricity from a leather-clad stranger shatters her illusion. Kidnapped and drugged, she awakens as Allison, the lost heir of a werewolf Alpha, with a deadly ritual targeting her bloodline.

Hunted by ancient witches, Allison must embrace her true power: merging with Eve, the primordial white wolf. But salvation demands an unthinkable price—bonding not just to her fated mate Damon, but also to Raidon, a dragon-shifter whose fire rivals her own.

To prevent a supernatural apocalypse, she must unite enemies… or become the weapon that
*********
College
        Grace POV
      
    
      I wake up to the sound of my alarm going off for what is most likely the 10th time, definitely not a morning person. I groan and smack around my nightstand trying to find my phone and shut off that awful airhorn alarm. Accidentally knocking my phone to the floor in my search, I realized I had no choice but to get up.
      Dragging myself out of bed, I find my phone and go to turn my alarm off when I realize the time is 8:45. Class is supposed to start at 9 and with a 10 minute walk I had to get my butt in gear if I didn't want to be late on my first day. Racing to the bathroom, I grab my toothbrush and start scrubbing my teeth while I pee. Brushing them dry is probably better than not at all, right? 
      Taking a quick glance in the mirror, I saw that my curly, long chocolate brown hair looked like a bird's nest. Having no time to shower or straighten it, I quickly grab my scrunchie and throw it into something that kind of resembles a messy bun. Not wanting to show up looking like a complete train wreck, I quickly applied some mascara to draw attention to what I consider to be my nicest feature, my forest green eyes and some concealer to hide my purple undereye bags. 
      Opting for a black-knit sweater dress that ends just above my knees and some black-heeled ankle boots to match, I'm ready to go.
      We live in a little cottage-style 2-bedroom home. My best friend Summers' parents bought it so that we didn't have to live in the cramped dorm rooms. Extremely considerate of them seeing as I've never met them before.
      I grabbed my purse as I ran out of my room and down the stairs to the kitchen.
      I see Summer already waiting for me, two coffees in hand. Damn morning people. Maybe I am a little biased, being her best friend and all, but I considered Summer to be so beautiful, with her long blonde hair and brown-doe eyes. She had a rockin' body that got her any guy she wanted. 
      We were polar opposites in that department, whereas Summer is tall and athletic, I am short and probably weigh 90 pounds soaking wet. She also had a healthy glow on her sun-kissed skin, where I looked sick and pale. In reality, I was actually in fact sick, so it's not entirely my fault I look this way. I have an autoimmune disease that causes me to puke regularly, even during the night, hence the undereye bags and unhealthy weight, it also messes with my memory sometimes so I can be quite forgetful. Thankfully, I have pills that help keep the nausea at bay during the day.  
      "I grabbed coffee for each of us but it looks like you could use both of them", Summer laughs as she hands me one.  
      "Ha. You're hilarious, but if you didn't notice, we are going to be late if we don't start walking, so get a move on" I said as I took it from her and grabbed one of my pills out of my purse, quickly washing it down with a quick gulp of coffee.   
      "Don't worry about being late, Nate and his friend offered to drive us on our first day." I didn't miss the way she avoided eye contact with me when she mentioned his friend. Nate is her current boyfriend. He is a good looking guy with light brown hair that stops just above his shoulders and eyes that are sky blue. But Summer doesn't like to hold onto a guy for too long in fear that he might fall in love with her. She has a few commitment issues, she always says it's because she is a free spirit and a man will only try to tie her down by getting her pregnant with what she likes to call, "little crotch goblins". Yes, that's really what she calls babies. 
      "Summer, who is Nates' friend and why is he joining us this morning?" I asked with a bitter tone.
      "Well, its just that I thought you might like to have a friend to accompany you in the backseat is all. A single and hot backseat friend. That just so happens to be interested in an equally single and hot backseat companion." She replied, emphasizing on the word single.  
      "Summer..." I started only to be quickly cut off by her.
      "Grace, don't start. You've never had a boyfriend or a fling or anything. You are a college girl now and need to live a little, get a taste of that college life and maybe even taste this college boy if you know what I mean. Besides, we are going to be late so get your ass out the door and quit your complaining." She stated as she started shoving me out the door. 
      As promised, Nate was sitting in the driver's seat of his two-toned 1969 Shelby GT500. As I climbed into the back and Summer in the front, I noticed the young man sitting next to me. I'd be lying if I said he wasn't attractive with his large muscular build, pitch black hair that stood out against his fair skin and the typical bad boy get-up. He wore a black leather jacket, a black v-neck tshirt underneath that showed off some of his chest hair. Blue jeans and black steel toe boots to complete the look. Definitely not your average frat boy, there was something very mysterious about him, I felt almost drawn to him. He caught me gawking and I saw one side of his lips turn up into a crooked smirk. 
      Realizing I'd been caught staring, my face and ears started to heat up, with the shade of my skin it was probably painfully noticeable that I was blushing.
      "I'm Dean" he says as he turns towards me and puts his hand out to shake. It was then that I noticed his eyes were as black as night. He really must have a favorite color, I thought to myself. 
      Noticing that if I didn't react now, I was going to leave him hanging and make this moment more embarrassing for myself, I reached my hand out to shake his as I told him my name.
      "Hey, I'm Grace. Nice to meet you Dean."
      Once my hand touched his, I felt tingles shoot up my fingers where our hands connected.      
    
    A:N Hello lovely readers, I hope you are enjoying the story so far. I will do my best to update frequently. I am a busy momma of 3 toddlers so bear with me. This is my very first book so I am sorry if there are any grammar/spelling mistakes. Any constructive criticism/positive feedback is encouraged but please no hate comments as it can be extremely discouraging <3 can't wait to continue writing Grace's story and I hope you all enjoy!
  
###chapter 2
Mates?
    Unknown POV
  

  Three years ago
  

  Today I turn 21 and have a chance to find my fated mate. I already have an idea of who it might be. My best friend Allison, who just so happens to be the Alpha and Lunas' daughter. We have been best friends since she was born. My mom and dad, the betas', said that from the moment she was born I was already so protective of her that even though I was only 3 at the time, I growled at any doctor or nurse that tried to enter the room to check up on her. I wouldn't even let my own parents near her. That's how I have always been with her, fiercely protective. Growing up, I had to warn off every boy from her, making it clear that she was mine. Though she was clueless about all of this because I always did it from a distance. We started to grow apart the older we got. I was busy with my training to take over as Alpha of the Rivermoon Pack, which was made up of around 500 wolves. The second largest pack in the North America region. Allison and my parents knew from the start that we would be mates, so I was required to start my training early so that I could one day become a strong leader when Alpha Chase and Luna Rachel pass the title down to us. I started to get ready for my day, throwing on some gray sweatpants, some black runners and a gray v-neckshirt. I usually go for a jog every morning to keep up my physique. I was 6'5" and all muscle. With dirty blonde hair, light hazel eyes and sun-kissed skin, I wasn't too hard on the eyes, not to toot my own horn or anything. Grabbing my water bottle, I headed out of my room and down the stairs of the pack house. The pack house was mostly for ranked members of our pack but not exclusively. It was a large rustic-style log mansion. With 3 levels and 50 rooms. It was also where visiting allied pack members would come to stay, or injured members. Some people gather here for meals, but most people eat in their own homes, except if there is an important event happening. Going out the front door, the smell hit me; lavender and a hint of fresh roses. I started walking towards the large oak tree that she sat at to read a book and drink coffee every morning. Goddess, she looked absolutely breathtaking with her long brown hair and her short-curvy figure looked delicious in her shape-hugging, baby-blue dress. She won't know that we are mates until she turns 21. I wanted her to find out on her own. My wolf was trying to break free and run to his mate, but I managed to have an internal battle with him and keep him contained for now. 3 years and then she will know. 3 years and we can finally hold our mate. She must've heard me approaching her because she started to peer up at me from over her book. Her gorgeous dark green eyes meeting mine, I was holding my breath trying to make sure I didn't just shout the word mate and take her that moment. I wanted it to be on her terms. It's going to be a long 3 years.

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, how are you liking the book so far? Who do you think this pov is from ? Lots of love <3
Tingles
    Grace POV
  

  Present Day
  

  Gasping, I quickly pulled my hand away. It almost felt like a shock went through my body when we touched. Dean didn't seem surprised by this sensation. Maybe I was just imagining it. I looked away from him and tried to look out the window at the passing houses. I noticed Summer glancing at me in her side-view mirror smiling. Did she not notice my reaction to our hand shake? Why did she seem happy about it? 
  We pulled up to our school, North-Manor College. It was a large, white brick building with 4 floors. It had a giant marble fountain in the middle of a large pond that was filled with goldfish and coi-fish. The school had green vines filled with pink flowers, crawling up every side of it. It was truly a sight. I wish I could take all of my classes outdoors just to enjoy this scenery. 
  I jumped out of the car the second it stopped, not giving anyone the chance to say anything and not sparing them a second glance. Why did I get that feeling when I touched Dean? I couldn't have imagined it, it felt all too real. Pushing through the large oak doors, I tried to navigate my way to my first class, which was just an introductory course for all new students. The hallways were a lot more difficult to navigate through than I had originally planned. 
  Pushing my way through the herd of students all rushing to find their classes, I finally found a big banner that stated "NEW STUDENTS" with a large black arrow pointing to the left. Entering this room, I found that it was already full of students and I couldn't see a chair for myself. Trying to make myself as invisible as possible, I tried to walk up the steps against the wall to watch the class from the back. Looking at my boots on my way up the steps, hoping to draw little attention to myself. When I reached the top, I looked up just as I ran into a solid chest. An electric shockwave went through my body as he tried to keep me from falling. I quickly recovered and put some space between us. 
  "I'm sorry, I wasn't watching where I was going. I'm super clumsy" I said, with a nervous laugh.
  Dean seemed distracted, his eyes were focused on the dress I was wearing. After what felt like an eternity he finally spoke, "You should wear brighter colors. I think it would suit you"
  "You're the one to talk. You're eyes match your damn attire." I retorted sarcastically. 
  He didn't reply after that, just let out a soft chuckle. 
  Finally, after an hour, the class was dismissed. The rest of the day went by easily and thankfully without running into Dean again.
  Deciding I wanted to continue avoiding him, I opted for walking home. 
  Of course, as my luck would have it, the second I walked out of the school's oak doors, I ran into him. Again.
  I recovered faster this time, still not trusting the fact that everytime I touched him I felt the shock. There is no way I can imagine it 3 times in a row. 
  "At this point, you are obviously running into me on purpose" he all but laughed. 
   Frustrated, I tried to walk around him without replying. He stuck his arm out to stop me and I stopped just to avoid touching him again. 
  "What do you want?" I sighed, annoyed.
  "Relax, I just wanted to invite you to a party tonight. It's a welcome party for all new students."
  "I'm not a party go-er, thanks anyways. I'll be heading out now" I stated as I ducked quickly under his arm, successful with my escape. 
  "Summer and Nate will be there. It's two doors down from your house, see you tonight!" He shouted at my back. 
  "I said I'm not...." I started to turn around to reply but he was nowhere in sight. How the hell did he leave so fast? Clearly, someone is keeping up with their cardio. 

A:N/ Hello lovely readers. Sorry for the boring chapter, I'm trying to find some inspiration to keep this story interesting! I hope the next chapter keeps you engaged. Love you all <3
Fire
    Unknown POV
  
###chapter 3
  Three years ago 
  

  "Hey, what're you doing over here? I thought you normally went for a run in the morning?" Allison asked. 
  Realizing I didn't want to give away the real reason I came stalking over here, I said the first excuse that came to mind.
  "Yeah, I'm on my way to doing that, but Luna Rachel wants to see you in her office." Before she could say anything, I quickly took off for my run. That was probably the worst excuse I could have come up with. If her mom wanted to see her she would just have mind-linked her. I could have said literally anything else, now she will figure out I lied.
  

  After a few hours of running the pack borders, I decided to start heading towards the pack house for some lunch before I started training our newest warrior recruits. 
  Halfway to the pack house, I suddenly had multiple pack members trying to contact me through mind-link.
  "Beta, where have you been?! Everyone has been trying to reach you", I heard one of our warriors shout down the link.
  "Hey, I just went for a run, sorry I must've been blocking the link, I had a lot on my mind. What's going on?" I asked.
  "Sir, you need to come to the packhouse, ASAP!" 
  Hearing the fear in his voice, I shifted into my wolf Apollo to get there faster. Apollo towered over most wolves and was bulky, thanks to my training at a young age. He was pitch black and had the same black eyes to match. 
  Sniffing the air, I suddenly realized why the warrior sounded fearful. Smoke. How did I not notice it sooner? I'm a wolf for goddess sake, I should've smelt it from miles away. Barrelling through the trees into the clearing, I saw my worst nightmare. The pack house was on fire. 
  


A:N/ Hello lovely readers, apologies for the short chapter. The next one is longer :) are you enjoying the book so far? I hope so, lots of love <3
Party
    Grace POV
  

  Present 
  

  Reaching our house, I went up to my room and turned the bath on. Dumping in some lavender and eucalyptus essential oils, along with my favorite vanilla bubble bath, I started to undress as the tub filled with the steamy water. All of the smells filling the air deliciously. Once full, I shut the water off and got in. 
  I wanted to wash the weirdness of today off along with the sensations Dean left on me, everywhere he touched. 
  Just then, my bathroom door flung open and in came Summer.
  "What the hell, where did you go today? You took off this morning and I looked for you after school but Dean said you were in a rush to leave" she said placing her hand on her hip.
  "Hello to you too, I thought I locked the bathroom door? I wanted to go home and I didn't want to be around Dean anymore," I stated.
  "It was locked, I picked it. Why don't you give Dean a shot. You barely even know him and you're already shutting him out"
  I rolled my eyes, " Clearly there's no privacy in this house, and exactly, I don't know him, so me distancing myself won't hurt anybody"
  She scoffs and gestures at my body, " It's nothing I haven't seen before. Please give him a chance. He's a nice guy and I think you would make the cutest couple. Come to the party tonight! It's the perfect environment to let loose and get to know somebody, without the pressure of being one on one."
  I sighed, " I'm sorry Summer, I'm not going to the party, it's just not my thing."
  Summer then got down on her knees in front of the tub, her hands clasped together like she was praying,"Please Grace, please come tonight, give him this one chance and if it doesn't go anywhere I'll leave you alone about dating. Pretty please" she begged as she stuck her lip out and attempted her best puppy dog face.
  "Alright, get up. I'll go, but please stop making that face, you look constipated", I laughed.
  She punched my arm playfully as she got up, "Shut up, at least I don't look like you, get out of that tub, the party starts in 2 hours and  you need a makeover" she said as she did a happy dance out the bathroom door. She's something else, I chuckled to myself. 
  I quickly washed my hair and then got out.
  Looking in the mirror, I realized Summer was right, I do need a makeover. 
  I wrapped myself in a towel and walked into my room, trying to mentally prepare myself for Summers' "makeover".
  On my bed were 3 outfits to choose from that she must have placed there for me. 
  As I grimaced at the skimpy clothes, Summer walked in with a giant makeup kit. 
  "Did you pick one? I personally think the red would look hot on you." She said cheerfully.
  I picked up the red one, "Summer. This could barely pass as dental floss, let alone a dress. I'll wear sweats and a hoodie, something comfortable. I don't need everyone at the party seeing my coochie on full display." 
  Scrunching her face in distaste, "Alright fine, I'll get something else, but over my dead body will you go to your first college party in sweats and a hoodie." She said as she rushed out of my room into hers across the hall.
  She came back with a hot pink dress, " Here, try this one on." she said, handing it to me.
  Taking it, I took off my towel and slid it on, looking at myself in my floor-length mirror. 
  It was a cute dress with hot pink sequins and a plunging neckline. More revealing than what I normally wear, stopping half way down my thighs. But overall it was cute. 
  "Damn girl, you look hot as f*ck. Let's get your hair and makeup done. Dean won't be able to resist you" She cheered.
  "I wasn't trying to get his attention, but alright, let's get on with it" I gestured to the makeup kit as I went to sit on my chair by my desk.
  An hour and a half later, Summer was finally done with me. "Ta-da!! Quick go look!" She screeched.
  Walking to my mirror, I was shocked to say the least. She really out did herself. My face actually looked alive for a change. My undereye bags were not even noticeable, with a full face of foundation, topped with blush and highlight. To complete the look, soft pink eyeshadow and lipstick along with false lashes looked almost...beautiful. She left my hair down and curled it into beach waves.
  "Wow, Summer. This is great. Really, thank you" I said genuinely.
  "You're welcome girl, but now I need to get ready and we have to go. Come grab my pink flats to wear to the party" She gestured at me to follow her.
  Summer grabbed a green spaghetti-strap mini dress and some black pumps and got dressed in a flash. She quickly applied some mascara and threw her long blonde trusses into a high-pony. 
  "Alright, let's go" she smiles at me as she heads down the stairs.
  "Must be nice to be so effortlessly gorgeous" I said, with sarcasm drenching my tone.
  Slipping on the flats Summer let me borrow, I too head down the stairs and together out the front door. 
  The short walk to the party was quiet and uneventful.
  Walking up the pathway to a house identical to ours, I reached for the doorknob to open it, but before I could, it was flung open and we came face to face with none other than Dean.  

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, how are we feeling about the story? Much love <3

New Alpha
    Unknown POV
  

  Three years ago
  

  I ran as fast as I could right into the already collapsing house. Where were my mom and dad? Where were the Alpha and Luna? 
  Oh Goddess. 
  I sent Allison in here to find her mom. 
  Where the f*ck is Allison?!
  Panic stricken, I tried to run up the stairs, but as soon as the weight of my wolf hit them, they crumbled to the ground.
   I quickly shifted back into my human form and tried to climb up what was left of the railing.
  All of a sudden, I felt two sets of arms trying to grab me and pull me out of the house. 
  As I was trying to throw them off of me, the warrior whose voice I recognized from earlier, entered my mind again. 
  Beta, stop! The fire is out of control, this place is going to collapse at any moment. We are trying to save you! We managed to get Luna Rachel and a few others out. They are in critical condition in the hospital. You have to get out now!
  Realizing that Allison might be among the people saved, I gave in and rushed out of the house with the warriors.
  As soon as we were out, the house went crumbling down into nothing.
  Running to the pack hospital, I burst through the doors and started my search. I see pack members that are covered in soot, some with burn marks and some already bandaged. Thankfully, werewolves heal fast, so most of them should be out by the end of the day.
  Sniffing the air, trying to find my precious mate, but all I could smell was smoke. 
  Racing down each hallway ripping open every curtain, trying to find her.
  Finally, I found Luna Rachel.
  She was hooked up to a ventilator machine and I saw a huge silver sword sticking out of her, dangerously close to her heart. Silver and wolfsbane are werewolves' weaknesses.
  Luna Rachel has always been like a second mom to me. Seeing her in this condition brought pain to my heart.
  The lead pack doctor walked in at that moment.
  "Dr.Winston, is she going to make it? Have you seen Allison? What about my parents? What about Alpha Chase?" I fired multiple questions at him, anxiety fueling my veins. 
  "Luna Rachel will not make son. I'm sorry. The sword is coated with wolfsbane and touching her heart. If we try to remove it, it will kill her instantly. The warriors mind linked me that you were coming. We wanted to let you have a moment with her before we removed it. She's not in pain right now, we have put her on a drip to ease the pain, but I'm afraid she can't stay like this much longer as she is suffering. I haven't seen Allison, Alpha or your parents. I'm truly sorry. I will give you some time alone with her. Let me know when you are done." 
  With that, he left the room, leaving me alone with Luna Rachel.  
  As I approached her bed, she opened her eyes. They were filled with sadness. 
  She tried reaching for me with a shaky hand. I immediately took it into my own. 
  Oh my dear...
  She said into my mind, her voice sounding weak even through the link. 
  Yes, Luna, what is it? I replied back 
  Your parents, Alpha Chase...
  She flinched when she said Alpha Chase, her mate.
  What is it? What happened Luna?
  They are gone my sweet boy, I am so ... so sorry.
  Before I could add anything else, she continued. 
  You will become Alpha. Take care of our pack. 
  She said, her voice growing weaker by the second.
  Wait Luna, Allison? What about Allison? I sent her up to see you. I'm so sorry, I didn't know this would happen.
  I asked, tears threatening to spill from my eyes.
  Allison, she's not...
  All of a sudden, I heard the sound of her faint heartbeat turn into a flatline on her monitor.
  Luna? Luna? No no no, you can't be gone. 
  I could feel her hand go limp in mine. I knew she was gone. I didn't want to believe it. 
  Where was Allison? What was Luna trying to tell me? Is she gone too? 
  My parents, Alpha Chase. The people I have loved my entire life are gone in the blink of an eye.
  Dr. Winston came in at that moment, "I'm sorry to put this on you so soon son, we need to make arrangements for our lost ones. This was a planned assassination." He said, sadness in his tone. 
  "She said my parents are gone, Alpha Chase is gone. Who will lead? I'm not ready for this." I asked, the tears that had threatened to fall, finally streaming down my face as reality set in.
  "You have trained for this position your entire life, you are the most prepared out of everyone. You can do this, your pack believes in you, I believe in you." He says as he grasps my shoulder in his hand in a show of affection. 
  The responsibility of being Alpha falls to me. I need to get it together and be the leader the pack deserves. I straightened my back and tried to hide the sorrow fighting to escape me.
  "We need to find out who did this. I need warriors searching every centimeter of the pack house for evidence once that fire is out. I want doubled border patrol. I need funeral arrangements made for my family and our late Alpha and Luna. Put out of pack-wide link, I need this started now." I said in a cold closed-off tone, even though on the inside I wanted to scream and let my pain be free. 
  My wolf is hiding in the back of my head, even this pain is too much for him to bear. 
  "Yes Alpha, right away." Dr.Winston stated as he put out the mind-link to everyone in our pack, informing them of my orders.
   Exiting the hospital, I started to run, no direction in mind.
  After running for what felt like hours, I approached the small waterfall close to the pack borders. I finally let myself feel the sadness, far away from the members that I'm supposed to lead now. 
  How could I have sent Allison into the house? 
  I sent her to her death. It's my fault. All my fault. I fell to my knees, head in hands and started sobbing. 
  I sent our mate, our beautiful mate, in there. She died because of me.
  I should just have told her the truth and she would still be here. How could I be so stupid?
  Just as I was about to let out a heartbreaking howl to release the pain built up inside of me. 
  A smell hit me. 
  Lavender and freshly picked roses.
  Allison. 

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think of the book so far? Lots of love <3
Drunk
    Grace POV
  
###chapter 4
  Present
  

  Dean raked his eyes slowly over me, I felt a new feeling within me under his hungry stare.
  "Uh, hey Dean." I said awkwardly to break the silence. Noticing he was wearing the same outfit as earlier, minus the leather jacket. 
  "Hey Grace, I knew you'd come" he finally peeled his eyes off of my body and looked at my face. Moving to the side, he gestured with his hand for us to come in. 
  "Well, see ya later Grace, I'm going to go and find Nate. You kids have fun now" Summer said, with a wink.
  "Wait, Summer!" I tried to grab her arm, but it was pointless. She snuck off before I could catch her. Little sh*t planned it this way.
  Noticing it was just Dean and I, I shuffled awkwardly on my feet, praying he would break the ice. 
  "Do you, uh, want a drink or something?" He asked while he scratched the back of his neck.
  "Yes, please. Something strong" I replied.
  Laughing, he motioned for me to follow him through the crowd of people. 
  There were people that were already drunk trying to run out the front door to puke, some were making out and practically dry humping each other as if completely unaware that they were surrounded by other people. 
  The house was hazy and smelt like a mixture of beer, weed and sweat. 
  This may be my first and last college party, this is definitely not my scene.
  I had to watch where I was walking, trying not to trip on the empty beer cans and solo cups that littered the floor. 
  The house was not only identical to ours on the outside, but the inside was also laid out the same, making it easy to find the kitchen.
  Dean walked to the pantry and grabbed a bottle of vodka and sprite, as well as two solo cups off of a big stack on the counter.
  He placed the cups down and began to pour a generous amount of vodka into each cup. He poured the Sprite into the first and before he could pour it into the second, I snatched the cup with only vodka and swallowed it in one gulp. I started coughing as the strong liquid burned the whole way down my throat, reaching for anything to soothe this feeling.
  I could hear Dean laughing at me as he handed me the bottle of sprite. 
  Taking it from him, careful not to touch his hand, I tried to gulp it down. That was also a fail, stupid carbonated drink. 
  The coughing intensified until I had pop coming out of my nose.
  "Help...me... please" I tried saying in between coughs.
  Now Dean was hunched over, holding his stomach, laughing at me. Thanks for the help ass-hat, I thought to myself.
  All at once, Dean stopped and grabbed a bottle of water. Handing it to me, he said, " Jeez, you can sure be sassy, here ya go."
  I wanted to facepalm. I must've called him an ass-hat out loud.
  Realizing there was nothing I could say to recover from that one, I reached for the water and our fingers brushed each other. Feeling the same shock as the times before I dropped the water bottle. 
  Suddenly my coughing fit was done. I know for a fact I'm not imagining this feeling now, it happened too many times to be fake. 
  Being freaked out by this, I started to walk away when I felt a large hand grasp my arm and that same electric shock shoot its way up my arm. 
  "Grace, we should talk. Maybe somewhere a little more private." Dean said as I began to turn around. 
  I didn't know what to say so I just nodded. He must feel it too then. Why else would he want to talk?
  Not releasing my arm, he led me up the stairs to a bedroom, in my own house. That would be where my bedroom was located.
  Why am I blindly following this man into a bedroom? I barely know him. This suddenly feels like a dumb idea and I get a weird feeling in my stomach. Feeling like I'm about to throw up, I run to the bathroom that's inside the bedroom and empty the contents of my stomach into the toilet. 
  Wiping my mouth when I finish, I turned to exit the bathroom, finding Dean standing next to the door. 
  "Sorry about that, I don't really feel the best. I am going to find Summer and let her know I'm going home." I said as I started walking towards the door. 
  Dean bumps the door shut with his boot and stands in my way of exiting, "Actually Grace, we are having this talk now." He said in a threatening tone, different from the way he was talking to me before. His whole demeanor changed, he seemed almost dangerous now. Like a lion waiting for its prey. 
  Judging by the look in his eyes, I'm that prey. 
  Just when I was about to say something, I heard a shuffling sound behind me of someone approaching.
  Before I could turn around to see who else was in the room, I felt the prick of a needle in my neck, followed by a burning sensation of the liquid being injected into my blood stream. 
  Fear, fear is what I felt. I was terrified. What is in that needle? Who did that? Who else is in the room with us? 
  Why would Dean lead me in here, and what kind of twisted plan does he and this mystery person have in mind for me? 
  I started to feel light on my feet, staring at Dean in shock as the mystery liquid worked fast. He started to smile. Not a cute smile, a sick and twisted smile. The one that screamed danger. He captured his prey. I started swaying, and everything started to turn black. 
  I felt myself fall to the floor before the darkness completely overtook me.  
 
  

  


###chapter 5
Find Her
Unknown POV

  Present Day 

  Since my birthday, three years ago today. The day that I lost the people I loved most. I have vowed to find her,  my Allison, my mate. By now she would be old enough to recognize me as her mate. 

  For 3 years, I searched high and low for her. The only shred of hope I held of her being alive was picking up her scent that day by the stream. It was faint, but I will never forget it. 

  I had been officially sworn in to take over as Alpha of the Rivermoon Pack. 

  But with my wolf, Apollo, constantly pacing in my mind, restless without his mate, I had to appoint my Beta and childhood best friend, Chad, to lead the pack for now while I searched for her.

  I know how selfish it is of me to put her before the pack. As an Alpha, you are always supposed to put the pack first, no matter what. But without her, I would never feel like a true leader.

  I don't even sleep in the designated Alpha and Luna room. I sleep in her bedroom, her scent isn't there anymore after all of these years, it is just my own scent that coats her things. Her bedroom was the only room left untouched in the fire, the packhouse was rebuilt exactly the same as per my request.   

  But it is still her space and that's enough for me. 

  Looking at the large wall clock, I see that it was already noon. 

  I must've slept through the morning. 

  Before this happened, I used to be awake at 5am every morning to start my workout and training. 

  Now, I barely crawl out of bed at all.

  I used to have a drive like no other, a drive to do better, to be better. 

  A drive to be faster, stronger, smarter. 

  But now, without my sweet Allison, I am nothing but a shell of a man. 

  I have failed everyone in my pack, I have failed my parents. 

  I have failed the late Alpha and Luna. 

  Worst of all, I have failed my mate, the one person that you are destined to love and protect forever. I failed her before she even had the chance to know what I truly was to her. 

  Pulling the covers off, and dragging myself out of her bed. I made my way to her ensuite bathroom. 

  Taking in my appearance, really looking at myself in the mirror for the first time in years. I am shocked at what I saw. 

  I'm not as bulky and strong as I used to be. My once bright hazel eyes that would shine with pride and happiness are dull and lifeless. 

  My skin looked pale, not the usual sun-kissed shade. My hair was greasy and disheveled. My face looked hollow and sick. 

  I didn't recognize the person staring back at me. 

  They say a wolf that isn't around their mate for a period of time starts to decay and go crazy.

  This couldn't be more true. My wolf hadn't come out of my mind in years, he barely talks to me anymore. 

  Just claws away inside my brain, trying to push the pain of losing our mate onto me. 

  The pack would be better off with Chad as their Alpha. 

  I should step down and let them have the leader they deserve. I think the only reason I haven't stepped down yet, is because late Luna Rachel's dying wish was for me to lead. It feels like if I step down, I am denying her last request.

  Splashing some cold water on my face, I attempt to compose myself. I need to stay strong for Allison. 

  I can't find her if I am too busy feeling sorry for myself. 

  Getting dressed in some gray shorts, and a blue polo. I headed out of her room and down the stairs. 

  Getting to the main floor, I saw my Beta Chad waiting for me. An expression on his face that I can't quite pinpoint. Chad was a big guy, one of my best fighters. Standing at 6 feet 3 inches, with long blonde hair in a low ponytail and piercing blue eyes. 

  He bared his neck to me as a sign of respect, nodding at him. I was about to walk out the door when his next words stopped me dead in my tracks, " Alpha, I think we found Allison." He stated, almost nervously. That was the expression he had. He was nervous. My Beta never showed nervousness, even in the face of death. He stayed strong. 

  Afraid that what he said couldn't possibly be true, I didn't turn to face him. With my back to him, I asked him in a tone so quiet that if he wasn't a wolf he wouldn't have heard it, "You found her? Where is she?"

  I heard him shuffling on his feet, almost debating if he should say what he was thinking. 

  "What is it Chad, spit it out!" Turning around, I shouted, rolling whatever Alpha aura I had left at him. 

  Stumbling back, shocked that I projected my aura at him, he continued, "Our spies think that they have found her at a college in Texas. But sir, she is under the name Grace Young... My concern is, what if she doesn't want to be found?"

  I stepped closer to him, "Texas, that's on the other side of the f*ckig world! How dare you assume that your Luna would run away from me. What are you insinuating, Beta? She killed her own parents and mine just to run away? The sweet Allison that wouldn't hurt a fly?" My tone threatening. Since she has been gone, I have had a hard time keeping my anger in control. I find myself snapping at everything. 

  Stepping back and baring his neck in submission, Chad spoke again, " No Alpha, I would never assume that of Allison, I am sorry sir. What would you like us to do with this information?"

  Without needing to think about it, I had made up my mind. 

  "I want our private jet to be ready within a half hour, along with our best warriors. You included Chad, I trust you most."

  Avoiding eye contact, he asked, " But Alpha, who will lead the pack in our absence?" 

  "You decide Chad! You've been doing it for years anyway. I'm going to get my mate!" With that, I stormed out of the house to ready weapons and anything else we might need. Whoever took her, and I know someone took her, I needed to be prepared for whatever battle was to happen. 

  I realized with this news this is the most alive I have felt in the past 3 years, I was finally going to get my mate back. I had a shot at happiness. She would be safe again. 

  Nothing could have prepared me for what I saw when I got to Texas.     
	
	A:N/ Hello lovely readers, how do you feel about the story so far? Sorry if the back and forth between the two POV's is a little confusing, I promise everything is going to come together soon <3 
Texas
Unknown POV


###chapter 6
Present Day



The plane ride to Texas was about 5 hours long, but for me it felt like a f*cking eternity. 

I couldn't get to her fast enough, my wolf was pacing in my mind. The only positive out of the plane ride was that my wolf finally spoke to me.

Must get mate. That was all he said, in a gravely-deep voice. 

It wasn't much, but it meant that even the thought of going to her was helping him. I felt myself slowly coming out of my sadness. I had some hope that I would see her and be able to hold her. She would finally recognize me as her mate. 

She will make the perfect Luna. Allison has always been kind-hearted and fair to others. She always put people before herself. She was born to lead our pack alongside me. 

I feel selfish about holding my position as Alpha as I was spiraling downwards mentally. Chad would be the much better option as he is an amazing leader and is Alpha-blooded. But I think that he holds too much respect for me and our friendship to challenge me, or officially claim the position as his own. 

I couldn't even enjoy the sight of the Canadian Rocky Mountains as we passed over them. Normally it was a breathtaking view, but I was too worried for my mate to take it all in.

I can picture it already, my sweet Allison sitting by her oak tree, once again reading her book and drinking her coffee. She loved to read, was always more interested in that than anything else. I think that was part of the reason we grew apart. I was always busy learning more, constantly preparing to become Alpha, and training in my free time. Being strong and a skilled fighter is also an important part of being Alpha. You need to be able to protect your pack from all harm. 

Pulling me from my thoughts, I heard the sound of a throat clearing and then Chad spoke, " Alpha. I know you didn't want to talk about it earlier, but if there is a chance that Allison left on her own, we should prepare for that outcome." 

Scoffing at him,"That won't be necessary. I know Allison, and she would never abandon her family and pack this way."

Chad then stared into my eyes, something that  most Alphas take as a challenge when it's from another Alpha male. But his look was not that of a challenge. It was full of concern. 

"I'm saying this as your friend, I am worried about you. I know the Allison that left, but we don't know her now, it's been three years. What if she is a completely different person? What if she doesn't want to come back? I know I am way out of line saying this, but it needs to be said and I'm the only person that has the balls to speak to you. You've been in an emotional lockdown since she left or she was taken away, you haven't been taking care of yourself. Your pack is worried about you, I am worried about you. You shut everyone out and I'm worried that you won't recover if she doesn't come back. So yes, Alpha. I think we should prepare for that possibility. For your own well-being and that of the packs."

All I could do was a short nod in response. 

I understood exactly everything he was saying to me. But the mere thought of her rejecting me was trying to drag me back into the deep, darkest parts of my brain. I couldn't go back to that dark place ever again. With or without her. I knew I needed to do better by my pack. In her absence, I have become cold and distant. 

Apollo started to become alert in my mind. We must be getting close.

"Chad, I need you to prime me something if this doesn't go the way we hope."

"Yes Alpha, what is it?"

"You need to promise that if I start going to that dark place again, if I neglect my duties and stop taking care of myself to the point of no return, if you can't pull me out of that place, I need you to put my wolf and I out of our misery. I need you to take over as Alpha." My wolf, Apollo, was whining at the thought of going back to that mindset. But he too understood we needed to have something in place, if it happened again. 

"I promise, Alpha. But I will not let you get to that point again. I blame myself for ever letting it get as bad as it did. I'm sorry I failed you." Remorse and guilt filled his tone. 

"You never failed me, you were the leader the pack needed." I genuinely meant every word I was saying. If Chad hadn't stepped in and was acting Alpha for me, I am afraid the whole pack would have fallen apart. We could have been more susceptible to rouge attacks, or challenges from other Alphas if they realized we were weakening. 

But thanks to Chad stepping up, no other pack knew of our struggles, and border patrol was always organized by him to make rouge attacks less likely. 

Feeling a change in pressure inside the plane, I looked out the window and saw we were coming down onto a landing strip. Finally, we are here.

I felt a wave of nervousness as I realized that this could go one of two ways. The first is she will scent me out and accept me as her mate. Or she will reject me and carry on with her new life. 

I pushed this thought away. 

Chad and I brought 4 of our best warriors with us as a precaution. I was still an Alpha and the particular area we were in was unclaimed land, meaning not anyone's pack territory. Which poses a huge threat because it is riddled with rouges. If a rouge sees that I am in a weakened state, he may try to challenge me for my title. If he succeeds, he will get everything that came with being Alpha. 

I couldn't take anymore chances with my pack, and they could be useful backup in case there are any threats around Allison. 

The plane rolled to a stop on the tarmac. 

Going down the steps of the plane, I shielded my eyes from the hot Texas sun beating down on our skin. Just a few seconds in the heat and I was sweating profusely. Texas weather was way different from the Canadian weather that I'm used to. It doesn't help that werewolves naturally run warmer than normal body temperatures.

I feel like I am standing inside an oven, being baked by the sun. 

The two spies that had found Allison, Rory and Greg, were already waiting in a sleek black Suburban for our arrival. Three warriors got into the far seats in the back, Chad, myself and another warrior got into the middle row, with my two spies occupying the front seats.

Pulling out of the private landing strip, Rory, the spy driving, broke the silence, " Alpha, Greg has been following Allison from a distance today while she attended school. While he did that, I placed multiple bugs in their home. I have set up all of the equipment in our motelroom. She was just getting home when we came here to get you."

"We can go to the hotel and listen in, we don't want to barge in there without a plan." I replied. 

He nodded at me through the rearview mirror. 

5 minutes later, we pulled up to a crumby, rundown-looking motel. The grass around it was brown, the steel and white paint on the bricks was chipped and peeling off. But it was the perfect place to stay so as to not draw attention to ourselves, which was hard to begin with being werewolves in a human-populated town.

Werewolves were extremely attractive creatures, and humans were naturally drawn to our looks and our auras. It's how we get business so easily in the human world. Other than that, we try to stick to our own kind for the most part. In ancient times, a treaty was signed by the Wolfen council to never let humans see or know of our true identity, unless if a human was your mate, but a human being your mate, was almost unheard of. To avoid humans finding out about our kind, most packs are located in remote areas where there are no human populations nearby. The Wolfen council is made up of older werewolves that were once Alpha's. They are handpicked by current Wolfen council members when a member's reign is coming to an end. They are basically the Alpha's of all Alpha's. Their decisions are law. For the most part, they let Alpha's run their own packs the way they choose unless there is a more pressing matter, like packs trying to go to war.

 Everyone piled out of the Suburban, and followed Rory and Greg to the room. Rory pulled out a small rusty key and placed it into the doorknob, unlocking our door. Walking in, it was a small room with a tacky red carpet, peeling yellow wallpaper and two single beds. The room smelt of stale cigarettes. I wouldn't be surprised if this place had been a crime scene a few times. The small brown desk in the corner had a large, grey bug transmitter that had a tuning knob, a volume knob and a speaker . Stalking over to it, I immediately turned the volume knob up, needing to hear her voice as soon as possible. I couldn't hear anything at first. Just as I was about to tune it, the most angelic voice came through the speaker. 


###chapter 7
"Must be nice to be so effortlessly gorgeous" I heard her say. Her voice was the most perfect thing I had ever heard. Even better than I remembered. My wolf, Apollo, started jumping and wagging his tail. That was the most he's done in years. He seemed so excited, hell I was excited. That's my woman. Through the speaker, I could hear the sound of receding footsteps and then the door closing. 

"Do you know where she's going?" I asked. I needed to see her. To hold her.

"Yes Alpha, when I followed her today, I caught a man inviting her to a party. She must be going there." Greg answered. I noticed the way his heart rate picked up when he mentioned another man talking to her.

Anger getting the best of me at the thought of another man being near my mate, I spun around and grabbed Greg by the throat, a dangerously low growl coming from me as my wolf pushed for control, the possessiveness over our mate coming through. 

"Who is this guy? Where is this party?!" I demanded. 

"I...It...It's..." He tried responding but couldn't talk with the pressure of my hand around his throat and my claws coming out, grazing his jugular.

"Alpha, enough. Take control, we need to focus on getting to Allison." It was Chad that spoke. At the mention of my mate, my claws immediately went back in my fingers, and I let go of Greg. 

"Where is this party?" I asked, getting impatient to see her. 



We decided it would be best for all of us to go, not knowing what kind of threats were out there. Pulling up to the house where the party was taking place, I saw humans littering the front lawn, some talking in groups, some puking. Making our way to the open front door, my heart dropped into the pit of my stomach. Allison was falling some guy up the stairs of the house her arm, willingly in his hand. He was leading the way. It took every ounce of willpower not to go rip his head off then and there for even looking at her, let alone touch her.

Two of you are out front, two out back. Chad, you're with me. Rory and Greg are main level, pretend to mingle but be on high alert.  I sent out the mindlink to my people around me so that the humans didn't hear anything. 

Chad and I started to head up the stairs, when one of my warriors mind linked me. 

Alpha, get to her now. Someone just drugged her, we're coming! He yelled down the link, panic lacing his tone. I ran up the rest of the stairs and tried opening the door. It was locked. I stepped back and kicked my leg to bust it down. Frantically looking around, she was nowhere to be seen. I heard a thud across the hall. I broke that door down just as fast, again. The room was empty. Where is she? My warriors came up behind me, mindlinking me to keep it private from the humans, 

Alpha, I don't understand one second she was there. I saw her talking to a man, she looked like she was about to leave, then the next moment, I saw a figure prick her with a needle. I told you right away, but she disappeared the next moment. Like the three of them were never there. 

I didn't know what to make of this information, but I knew for sure that whoever she was with was not human. I have to find out what they are and where they took her. Something else that has been eating away at me since I first saw her. I can't smell her, she smells human, as if she doesn't have a wolf at all, which I know is not true. I've met her wolf before. She's my mate, her scent should have hit me before I even saw her. 

What the f*ck is going on here?!

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far? I plan to update 1-2 chapters a day. Hope you're enjoying, lots of love <3
Visitor 
  Uknown POV

  

  After Allison went missing, Apollo threatened to break out in front of all of these humans. He wanted to rip this entire place to shreds, humans included. 

  It was incredibly hard to keep him controlled, he needed his mate. I needed her. 

  Chad, we need to get out of here before I lose control of Apollo. NOW! I shouted down the link.

  Seeing his eyes glaze over, he must be mindlinking the rest of the crew.

  Apollo was clawing at my mind, roaring, causing havoc, trying to make me feel the pain of our mate slipping through our fingers. 

  He was trying to hurt me enough so that he could take over. I couldn't take that risk in the state he was in now, he would turn this place into a bloodbath trying to find our mate. 

  Chad we need to do something, he's going to take over! I shouted down the link, grabbing my head with my hands as it started to throb. 

  LET ME OUT! Apollo roared in my mind. I could feel my eyes starting to flicker from my usual hazel to Apollos' black eyes. 

  Alpha, I have wolfsbane, lean on me like your stumbling drunk. Chad said through the mind link as he slung one of my arms over his shoulder, he put one arm behind me in the middle of my back as if to support me, and then I felt the tiny prick of the needle as he injected me with wolfsbane to sedate Apollo. 

  The wolfsbane worked almost instantly as I felt Apollo start to calm down and curl up to sleep in the back of my mind. 

  Chad and I stumbled out of the house putting on the show that II just had too much to drink. 

  In reality, human alcohol could never get a werewolf drunk. We have an extremely high tolerance for it. 

  We have to make our own liquor that has a high enough alcohol percentage. One glass of it would kill a human.

  We met the four warriors, Greg and Rory, at the Suburban. Everyone piled in and the ride back to the motel was silent. You could cut the tension with a knife as everyone was lost in their own thoughts of what to do next. I could tell that they were too afraid to be the first one to talk, afraid that it might set me off. I couldn't take the silence any longer. 

  "We need a witch," I stated.

  It was Chad who spoke up next,"Alpha, we can't trust the witches. They always have their own agenda, they don't do anything unless it benefits them in some way. Besides, no werewolf has come in contact with a witch in centuries. We have never gotten along with their kind, they are evil and conniving. They have been in hiding for decades because most wolves kill them almost immediately."

  "We have no other choice, the only way the three of them would have disappeared into thin air like that, is if one of her kidnapers was a witch or warlock. We need a witch to find a witch." I personally didn't trust witches either, it's in our blood not to trust them, but what choice did I have? I would do anything to find Allison, take any risk.

  Realizing that I wasn't backing down from this, Chad nodded, " I can get Gamma Leroy to look through the late Alpha and Luna's files. Maybe there's something in there on how to find a witch."

  I bobbed my head in approval, and with that Chad pulled out his phone and contacted Gamma Leroy.

  Gamma Leroy was another one of mine and Chad's childhood best friends. We all grew up together, Allison included. As Gamma, it was Leroy's job to protect the Luna. But since there has been no Luna for the past 3 years, he has spent half his time being on border patrol, always trying to catch a scent of his missing Luna, he spends the other half of his time in the pack library. He was a bit of a book nerd, making him the perfect person for this job. If anyone could find old information quickly, it was him.

  We pulled up to the motel and piled out of the vehicle. We opted to get a larger room, seeing as we were extending our stay.

  We were given the key to what was supposed to be a bigger room, but instead it was two king-sized beds, and one sofa bed cramped into the same size as the one Greg and Rory had. 

  Feeling the exhaustion of the day, I knew I needed some rest if I wanted a clear head to find Allison. 

  "We take shifts, two awake and the rest sleeping, we still don't know who took her and what kind of threat they pose." I stated as I got into one of the beds. 

  I tried to let sleep take me, but I couldn't stop tossing and turning well into the hours of the early morning. 

  I gave up on sleep and let my warriors know I was going for a run. 

  I started walking across the parking lot to the forest that was just beyond it. Once at the treeline, I double checked that no humans were around and stripped my clothes, leaving them hidden under some leaves at the base of one of the trees. I started to shift into Apollo, I felt every painful moment of it, given we hadn't shifted in years. I felt every bone snap and take a new form, I felt my skin tearing apart as it turned into fur, I felt my face break and take the form of a snout, and the large teeth of a wolf push my human form out. I felt claws ripping out of my fingers and toes as they transformed into paws. Once in wolf form, Apollo took off. Feeling free for the first time in years, I was nervous to let him out at first, given how worked up he was earlier, but upon seeing him run through the forest to blow off steam, I understood this was exactly what we both needed. Stopping dead in his tracks, Apollo sniffed the air, curious as to what brought him to a halt. I sniffed too. Then it hit me, lavender and fresh roses.

  MATE HERE! Apollo shouted in my mind. He started racing through the forest following the scent. We came to a clearing that had a small stream leading into a pond. 

  There stood a tall-angelic-like woman., she had long white hair all the way down her back, it looked like it was glowing with power. Her back was facing us, but her aura was that of a goddess. She was floating, I noticed, as I saw her feet hovering graciously off of the ground. She wore a long white-hooded cloak, with a gold floral pattern embroidered along the hem, the cloak ended just before her bare feet. Everything about her screamed Goddess. 

  "Come here, my child," she said in the most pure voice. 

  Apollo immediately obeyed and came up to her side, nudging her hand for affection. She then turned to face us and bent down to make us eye-level. She took Apollos' head in both of her hands and held him there for a moment. Her white eyes boring into mine. I felt peace wash over us. 

  "I'm sorry, I used the smell of your mate to lure you here. Relinquish control back to your human Apollo, I need to speak with him."

  Obeying Apollo shifted, unlike earlier, I felt no pain. 

  Noticing that I was as naked as the day I was born, I quickly covered my manhood with my hands. 

  The woman laughed and flicked her wrist at me. I was immediately clothed in a snug white v-neck shirt, and white sweats to match. My feet were bare.

  "Who are you?" I asked her. 

  "I think you already know the answer to that, my child, I am Selene, the Moon Goddess. I do not have a lot of time, so I will get straight to the point.", I listened eagerly as she continued, " Allison is in grave danger, you need to get to her as soon as possible, and rescue her. I'm afraid I cannot give you all of the details because it would go against the rules of the gods. I am gifting you with the ability to heal. I have gifted you with peace to rid you of all of your pain. I am gifting you with strength. You will require all of this to rescue her. This all comes with a price. There is a prophecy that Allison will need to fulfill. Trust your instincts, trust Apollo. I must go now child, our time is up. You need to wake up now." She said as she reached out to touch my forehead, there was a bright light and then it went dark. 

  I woke up with a jump, my breathing ragged. Taking in my surroundings, I realized I was back in our hotel room. My warriors were staring at me, my jump must have alerted them. 

  "It was just a dream?" I whispered to myself.  
Witch
 Unknown POV

    I looked around the room, I was still dressed in the white clothing the Moon Goddess had placed me in. 

    Realizing that speaking to the Moon Goddess was real, I remembered her words, that Allison was in danger. I had to get to her fast. 

    By now, Chad was already awake giving me a quizzical look, probably wondering why I woke up the way I did. 

    "I uh, spoke to Selene, she visited me in my dream. She gave me gifts. She said we needed to find Allison immediately. She is in danger, whoever or whatever took her, I'm worried they are going to kill her." I said, worry lacing my tone as I stared at Chad, hoping maybe he knew what to make of this. 

    "Alpha, you should go look in the mirror." Chad said, still carrying that same look on his face as he pointed to the direction of the bathroom. 

    "What are you talking about, I just told you we needed to find Allison now, and you want me to go look in the mirror? What is wrong with you man?" I huffed in irritation, climbing out of bed and heading in the direction of the small bathroom. 

    I hit my head off of the top of the bathroom door frame, "What the hell?" I said, rubbing the spot on my head that I hit. Ducking this time, I went in. 

    To say I was shocked was an understatement. 

    At 6'5", I was already a big guy, but it seemed I was suddenly an easy 7 feet tall. That explains hitting my head.

    My body went from being weak and sick looking, to being bigger, bulkier. The white shirt I was wearing was starting to tear where my biceps bulged, my neck, shoulders, back. All muscle. I was so built, I looked intimidating as ever. My skin was no longer pale, but back to the sun-kissed glow it used to be. My hazel eyes were no longer dull. They were full of light, they shone so brilliantly, it was as if they were glowing. My face returned to being chiseled.

    My mind felt calm. I was no longer worried about slipping back into the darkness.

    I feared nothing. No matter what threat came our way or harmed my mate, I would crush their f*cking skulls with my bare hands. 

    I would shed their blood with a smile on my face. This is the Alpha my people deserve. This is the Alpha Allison deserves. 

    Ducking out of the bathroom, I asked Chad,"Have you heard from Leroy?"

    He grinned, "Yes Alpha, while you were busy checking yourself out, Leroy called me. He found some information about an old witch. She lives an hour east of here. We could make it there faster if we went as our wolves. He couldn't find any contact information for her, just a name and her address." He said, showing me the pin drop on his phone. 

    "Alright, let's get going." 

    Greg and Rory, we found a witch. Stay here and keep an eye on Allison's house in case there's any action there. Keep me updated every hour. Stay hidden I mind linked to Greg and Rory. 

    The rest of you are with me. I mind linked to Chad and my warriors. 

    We walked into the forest to be sure nobody could see us. Once certain the coast was clear, we stripped, stuffed our clothes into a bag and shifted. Apollo grabbed the bag of clothes with his mouth. 

    I couldn't help but notice that Apollo was 5x the size. Chad, being of Alpha blood, was normally the same size as me, but not anymore. Apollo towered over his wolf, Troy.

    It only took 25 minutes of running in our wolf form to make it to the witch's house. Her house was a small stone house in the clearing, with a matching stone chimney coming out of the roof, little clouds of smoke pushing out of it.  It was surrounded by clean cut, green grass and flowers everywhere. It looked like a peaceful home. Still at the edge of the forest, we all shifted back to our human forms and put our clothes on. We walked out of the forest and made our way towards her house. Nearing it, there was a small stone pathway with beds of colourful flowers on either side of it. We followed the path, up her small wooden steps and to the large oak door. I raised my hand to knock, but before I could, the door swung open. 

    "I've been expecting you. Come in quickly, take a seat on the couch." Came a soft voice.

    Stepping through the open door, I took in my surroundings. It was small, but cosy. The walls were made of stone, the same as the exterior. The floors were wooden and looked old. There was just one floor. There was a kitchen off to my left with wooden cupboards and countertops. There was a small oven with a white teakettle placed on it. I could hear it boiling.

    To my right there was a large brown cloth sectional to take up the space of the living room. With a wooden coffee table placed in front of it. No tv's or radios, it seemed. 

    "I don't like technology, that is why. Messes with my zen." Came the voice, directly behind me.

    I whipped around, where did she come from, can she read my mind? 

    "Yes, I can read your mind dummy. The Moon Goddess should have gifted you with some intelligence instead of muscle." She snapped. 

    The witch was short and pale. She has white hair and forest green eyes. Her skin was full of wrinkles, but she looked kind and inviting. The way a grandmother would. 

    "Excuse me young man, weren't you ever taught some manners? You don't need to focus on my wrinkles and height. Now I have noticed that there are 6 wolves in my house and not one of you has the courtesy to take your shoes. Were you raised in a barn? Get your shoes off of my floor, I just mopped." She huffed, waving a finger at us. 

    Normally, an Alpha would see this as disrespect, but I found it amusing how this woman just made 6 large intimidating men, whisper apologies as they quickly placed their shoes by the door.

    "Now go and sit, we have lots we need to talk about. I made tea, Chad, please be a dear and pour everyone a glass." She shooed him away as everyone else took a seat. 

    "So, you were given gifts by the Goddess herself. Very lucky young man, she must see something in you that I am clearly missing. Manners sure ain't it. The name is Lena, by the way. Since none of you asked. Before I help you find Allison, you must be prepared for what you will be walking into when you get her."

    Chad handed everyone a glass of tea, including Lena, before he took a seat next to me. We all waited in silence, waiting for her to continue.

    "There is a ritual that her captors plan on performing, one that will leave her impregnated with a beast stronger than anything this world has ever seen. They want to use the child to make themselves more powerful. They need Allison specifically for this because there are only two living beings that have the gene capable of carrying this child. I am one of them, Allison is the other." 

    "Wait, what do you and Allison have in common that gives you both this gene, I don't understand?" I questioned. 

    "Are you that dense boy? I know you noticed the green eyes, I can hear your thoughts. I am her grandmother dummy. The goddess sure could have gifted her someone a little smarter. Anyways, there is lots you must learn, starting with who may be behind this." 
		
		A:N/ Hey readers, what do you think of the story so far? Unknown character pov is to be revealed soon, I promise it'll be worth it <3 Next chapter is from Allison's POV but will be labeled as Grace POV because she still thinks her name is Grace. Also wanted to add a sexual assault trigger warning for the next chapter.
Hallucinations
###chapter 8
Grace POV

  

  I woke up in a cold,dark place. I couldn't see anything. A musty, rotten smell filled the air, another smell I couldn't quite place like metallic or copper. I tried moving my hands, to feel my surroundings, but it was like I was paralyzed. I couldn't feel my hands, my toes. Starting to panic, I tried to scream, but nothing came out. My throat was so dry, it felt like it was on fire. It hurt to breathe, I felt anxiety and fear crawling up my body, like one thousand little bugs, but I couldn't swat them away. The feeling felt suffocating, like a heavy weight pushing down on my chest, squeezing my head with so much force. I felt myself forgetting how to breathe, I was fighting, trying to regulate myself, but the anxiety was taking over, consuming me. I couldn't breathe, I couldn't move, I couldn't scream. The darkness in the room feels like it is going to swallow me whole. I am losing the willpower to fight this feeling, I decide to welcome it. I feel myself losing consciousness. Just as I was about to completely give up, I heard a familiar voice,"Did you enjoy the mind tricks? It's one of my favorite abilities to use. The anxiety, the fear,, oh no it's consuming you, yada yada yada. My limbs, oh my god, I can't move, I can't scream, I'm paralyzed. Somebody help me." She mocked before she continued," That is just the tip of the iceberg compared to what I have planned for you." 

  "What do you want with me? What did I ever do to you? I have been nothing but kind to you." I muttered, betrayal in my tone. 

  "Now where would the fun be in that? You'll see very soon. For now you can spend some time here with your thoughts, well, the thoughts that I put in your head. It's so easy to place images and feelings in your head when you are this weak. It's so much fun." She exclaimed while clapping in excitement.

  "Well I am famished, I really must be going now, toodooloo darling." She continued while she walked away.

  To say I was shocked was an understatement. How could my best friend do this to me? I considered Summer to be like a sister.

  Alone with my own thoughts, I started to feel around now that my mind wasn't being toyed with by Summer. How was she doing that. I don't understand. How can someone make you think and feel something so real, to the point I didn't know how to breathe. I thought I was dying. How long have I been here? Is it day or night?

  The last thing I remember was trying to leave the bedroom Dean led me to, and then darkness. Dean was in on this? What could I have possibly done to upset two people so much for them to drug me? 

  I tried moving my arms. This time was successful. Dragging my hand along the cold, concrete floor, I felt something wet, placing my now wet fingers to my nose, I sniffed the strange liquid. It was the same metallic smell I noticed earlier, almost the same as rust. I was praying it wasn't what I thought it was. It was too dark in here to see what it was. I hope there was just an old leaky pipe nearby. But that smell is so distinct, it was identical to the smell of blood.

  I tried to stand but my legs were shaky and weak. I fell back onto my butt. I would have to conserve my energy if I wanted to get out of here. I thought my best option might be to rest. Maybe that would replenish my strength. It was difficult to fall asleep on the concrete floor, but the exhaustion eventually settled in me and sleep took over.

  Waking up with a start, I realized I was no longer on a concrete floor, but what felt like a soft, memory foam bed. I felt silky sheets around me, and a large soft quilt. I felt comfortable. Could it be this was all a bad dream? That can't be right though, because this bed does not feel like my own. It must be night time because I couldn't see any of my surroundings. I knew one thing though, wherever I was, I needed to get out and get help. 

  Just as I sat up, I heard the sound of heavy-work boots making their way across the floor towards me. 

  "Who, who's there?" I asked, frightened.

  "I think you know who I am darlin'." Said Deans' gruff voice right next to me.

  "Dean, what do you guys want with me? I don't understand. Have I done something to upset you both?"

  "What I want is for you to shut up while I do this." He growled.

  "Dean, what are you talking about? Do wha...AH!!" I screamed as I was thrown back onto the bed.

  I heard a low rumble in his chest, then I felt something dragging slowly up my arm. Was that a claw...? Frozen in fear, goosebumps sprouted where he touched. 

  "P..p...please, don't... don't do this." My voice was barely a whisper, stuttering with fear. 

  The next moment, I felt a large-calloused hand fold tightly over my mouth, making it difficult to breathe. 

  Sweat started beading on my skin, tears started streaming from my eyes down the sides of my face. 

  I whimpered as I felt the weight of his body over mine. 

  I started thrashing with every ounce of strength I had left, kicking and clawing, but it was pointless. He was too strong for my frail build. He grabbed both of my wrists in his other hand and used his legs to pin mine down. 

  I gave up fighting, my energy was gone. Defeat settled in.

  He released my wrists. 

  I felt a sharp pain across my skin as my clothes were ripped off of me. I felt a warm liquid trickling down my body where he tore through my clothing. I felt sick to my stomach, everywhere he touched it felt like spiders crawling up my body. 

  The top half of his body came off of mine, and I felt relieved, I thought this was some sick joke and maybe he was letting me go. That feeling disappeared and was replaced with terror when I heard the sound of a belt unbuckling and the boots hitting the floor with a heavy thud. A moment later, I heard the rest of his clothes falling on the floor. 

  My heart rate increased as he put his body back over mine. 

  Fresh tears and silent sobs escaped me as the reality of what was about to happen sunk in. 

  I felt him line himself up with my entrance. I inhaled a sharp breath as I prepared for the pain that was to come. 

  All of a sudden, the weight of Dean was gone. Like he vanished into thin air. 

  I heard a slow clap followed by an evil cackle. 

  "Girl, that was hilarious, you're so easy to mess with. You were so scared, as if Dean would ever want you that way. Not when he has me, I mean look at you, bleh." She made a gagging sound to emphasize her disgust.

  Part of me relived that it was just her mind games, but another part was furious, disgusted with her, attempted r*pe was not something to joke about, but here she was laughing about it. Summer is far from the person I thought she was. She is a foul and disturbing person. 

   "Summer, that was horrible. What kind of sick person does that to someone? You're evil." 

  "Oh hunny, evil is an understatement of what I am."       

           A:N/Hello readers, what are your thoughts? <3
Blood

###chapter 9
 Unknown POV

  

  "Who do you think did this? Why weren't you ever in Allison's life, or your daughters?" I had so many questions, I didn't know where to start. 

  "Now boy, one thing at a time. If I am right about who is behind this, then there is no telling if they have already gone ahead with the ritual or not. I'll start from the beginning to help you put the pieces of the puzzle together," Lena stopped to take a sip of her tea before she continued.

  "This all started centuries ago, when an unlikely pairing happened. A witch was fated to a werewolf. Witches and werewolves have never gotten along. Werewolves were always so quick to kill them, believing them all to be cruel and manipulative without giving them a chance. This pairing was the first of its kind at the time. It was common for werewolves to have mates, but for a witch and a werewolf, it was completely unheard of." she paused before continuing,

  "This particular witch was the most powerful of her kind. Macy was her name.The werewolf that she was mated to was Alpha King Theo. The Alpha of all Alphas. He was the strongest Alpha to have ever ruled. The Alpha King knew he would be stripped of his title if anyone ever discovered who his mate was, so they kept it hidden, always sneaking around at night, hoping to never be caught. But, eventually, they did get caught. Theo was given an ultimatum: lose his title and go rouge to be with his mate, or kill her to prove his loyalty to his kind." 

  "That's so cruel, why couldn't she be accepted by his kingdom?" I asked.

  "Because werewolves were intimidated by the powers they did not possess and they didn't like that they couldn't control witches, hell werewolves are still like that. But to sum up the rest of the story, he declared that he would kill her to keep his title, stupid power-hungry wolf. Upon ripping her head off, he discovered she was with child. Before Macy died, she prayed to the mood goddess to protect her baby. The goddess did. This baby was the very first witch-werewolf hybrid. With Macy's death, the witches needed a new leader. An old witch named Lucy took her place as the leader of witches. Lucy was a very powerful witch, but she fueled her magic in the worst way. She used the blood of supernatural children because it was pure. She discovered that the more powerful the creatures, the stronger her magic became. She passed these awful ways down to her daughter, and the horrible act continued through generations."

  "What happened to Macy's baby? What does Lucy have to do with this? I'm so confused. How does any of this apply to Allison?" I still didn't know where to begin trying to figure any of this out. 

  "Well, if you wait a damn minute, I will get to it. Macy's baby, being the first of its kind and coming from powerful parents, captured Lucy's attention. She knew that draining the blood of this child would make her the strongest witch to have ever lived. The Moon Goddess kept her promise of protecting this child, so Lucy was never able to drain its blood. So instead, Lucy cursed the child, that every second generation, from this child and on, they would develop a gene, one that made it possible to bear the most powerful supernatural beings the world has ever seen. She did this so that herself and every generation after her, could perform a ritual on Macys' descendants, one that would impregnate them with any kind of powerful beast they wanted. All they would need to do this was a father, or sperm donor, so to speak, one that was so power hungry, they would be willing to drain their offspring's blood if it meant gaining strength." Lena looked at me as she spoke the next part,

  "The Moon Goddess knew that this baby was special, being the first of its kind, and she wanted to ensure that witch-werewolf hybrids continued in hopes of one day bringing the two species together. So she made sure that Macy's baby was mated to a werewolf, one that could always protect her, one that was fierce and strong. She did this for every generation after Macy's baby too. They were all gifted a strong mate to always protect them. Allison and I are descendants of Macy, and you, my dear, were gifted as her protector and mate. Everything the Moon Goddess does, must come at a cost. So when she gave you peace and strength, she gave Allison a prophecy to fulfill. She must bring all supernatural creatures together as one."

  "As for who took her, she is a descendant of Lucy."

  It was a lot to process. The Moon Goddess saw me fit to be her protector, but I have already failed her and, because of that, she is in the slimy hands of some demented witch. 

  "What's her name? How did she get Allison? This still doesn't answer where you were all of these years." So many things still weren't adding up to me.

  "Her name is Summer. The fire that killed Alpha Chase, my daughter and your parents, was caused by Summer. She used it as a distraction to take Allison. Now, to explain how I know all of this and where I have been all of these years. My mate, George, was such a kind and strong man, we did everything together. He was my everything. He was the Alpha of the largest pack in the world, the Blood River Pack. With that title, came a lot of enemies. He went to war with one of the most ruthless packs. It was a blood bath, his borders were breached, and he knew he couldn't let his people fight without him. He had hidden me no matter how much I begged him to let me help fight. But he couldn't bear to have me on the battlefield in harms way. I was stubborn. I followed him into battle after he left. When he noticed me out there, he got distracted from the fight he was in, and his head was ripped from his body." She stopped to wipe the tears flowing from her face. 

  "The pain of losing George was too much, it was all my fault and I couldn't live with myself. I knew in my state. I found out I was pregnant a week after his death. At that point, I was already living here, away from everyone and everything. I was in so much pain every day, I would scream and cry until my voice would give out. Until I had no more tears to shed. I wish I could say that I was strong and became the mother that my daughter needed me to be, but I wasn't. I wasn't fit to be a mother and I knew that I couldn't give her the happiness she deserved. When Rachel was born, I traveled all of the way to Canada, where there was a kind Alpha and Luna. I met them when George was alive. I knew that they had been trying to conceive for years. They agreed to raise her as their own and not mention me. They always sent me pictures as she grew up and kept me updated, as luck would have it she met her mate there too, Alpha Chase. I would often go to that pack to watch her from a distance. It was selfish of me. But I never stopped loving her. I just wanted what was best for her." She took a long exhale before continuing.

  "I had dreamt about the fire that killed them, I dreamt about Allison being taken. I knew I had to warn everyone, so I had started my journey back. But I was too late. By the time I got there, the fire was already out and Allison nowhere to be found. I searched for her for years. I tried using locator spells, but the witch that took her is smart and very powerful. She has been blocking me from finding her, it's like she knows every time I try. I don't know where she kept Allison all of these years, or why she suddenly let her out just to trap her again. My dreams show me some things, but not everything." 

  "So far we know that she had Allison under a different name, Grace Young, and she had Allison believing that they were best friends. Other than that, we aren't sure what else she has done to her." I stated, worried about my mate.

  "She might just be more powerful than we think if she could toy with Allison's brain for that many years. I'm worried that whatever she's done might not be reversible." Lena said, her face showed genuine concern for her granddaughter.                      

"Now that you know the whole story, I say it's time we find my granddaughter," Lena said as she got up, placing her tea cup on the kitchen counter. She then grabbed some candles, "Place these in a circle around me." 

Obeying, Chad and I got up from our spots and placed them around her as she sat on the floor. 

"Do you want us to light them for you?" I asked as I started scanning for a lighter or match. 

"You think I can read minds but not light my own candles?" She retorted as all of the candles came to life with an orange flame. 

She then started closed her eyes, crossed her legs and placed her hands on her knees. 

She was whispering something in Latin, and she was rocking gently side to side as if there was a light breeze swaying her. 

"I'm being blocked again, that damn witch." She spoke as her chants got gradually louder and her swaying got more aggressive. 

Her house was shaking as she was shouting her chants, cupboards were smacking open and shut aggressively, her teacup fell and smashed to the floor. It felt like a tornado coming through the house, everybody braced themselves as if it may be lifted off the ground. 

In a flash, her eyes snapped open and everything in the house stilled. Silence filled the air as we all waited in anticipation. 

"She's too strong, she got into my thoughts, she knows we are coming for Allison." Lena looked terrified for her granddaughter. 

A:N/Hey readers, this chapter was a little longer and a lot of info to take in so I am sorry if it was a little confusing, tried to break the paragraphs up a bit to make it easier to read, what do you think so far? The unknown pov will be revealed in the next chapter!
Memories
 Grace/Allison POV

  

  I must have dozed off after my conversation with Summer. I woke up to a throbbing head and aching body. I was cold, hungry and distressed. As if to prove my point, my stomach let out a loud growling sound. 

  I rubbed my eyes to clear the sleep out of them. I can see clearly in here today, as if a light is on, but I don't see any lights around. 

  Maybe the drug they gave me is wearing off and my senses are coming back. That same strong rust smell hit my senses. I turned to look and jumped up at what I saw. I had fallen asleep in a pool of blood. Who's blood? I checked over my body quickly, it was sore from sleeping on the concrete floor, but I had no injuries as far as I could tell.

  I also noticed how I was able to jump up without a problem. Maybe that was just a burst of adrenaline?

  I started walking around to look for a way to escape, now that I could see clearly, I noticed I was in a cell with large metal bars.

  I walked closer to the cell door to see if maybe I could find something to pick the lock with, but there was no sign of a knob or lock anywhere. That's weird. How did they get me in here? All I could see was a short hallway to my left, with a big steel door at the end. No windows. A small vent was above my head, but nothing I could squeeze through. It was the size of a book.  

  Allison, can you hear me?

  What the hell, where did that come from? I spun each way, but saw nothing other than the concrete floor and concrete walls. There was no one outside of the cell. What does the voice mean, Allison? Was there someone else that was kidnapped with me?

  "Hello, is anyone there?" I was met with silence. Wait, was Summer behind this again, messing with my brain?

  "Summer, this isn't funny. Just let go, I've never done anything to you or Dean." Silence again. 

  Allison, it's me, your wolf Aspen. I'm in your head. Nobody is messing with you right now, I promise. 

  "What do you mean my wolf, why do you keep calling me Allison? My name is Grace," I said aloud. 

   Allison please, you need to communicate with me in your head, we probably don't have much time before she realizes you got me back. I'll explain everything when we get out of here. 

  Still skeptical, I replied out-loud again, "How do I know I can trust you and that this isn't another trick?"

  Please, don't you find it odd that you have no memories of your childhood, your life before college, your friendship with Summer? You magically woke up best friends with someone you don't even know.

  I thought about what she said. It is true my earliest memory was the day I woke up for college.

  I decided to try and respond in my head this time, not really sure how it worked. 

  I lose my memory constantly because of my disease. If you knew me you would know about my disease. I literally take pills for it every day. 

  You don't have a disease, Allison. Have you puked since you've been here? No. Those pills were silver and wolfsbane, they were used to weaken you and keep me sleeping. She needed you weak to play with your mind. We don't have a lot of time to waste, but I need you to trust me. So I will do my best to heal your memories and help you remember who you truly are.

  
###chapter 10
  Flashback

  I was walking around a house I didn't recognize. I wanted to explore but I had no control over my body, it's like I was just watching through my eyes everything I was doing with no real control. It was a beautiful home, with large log pillars, and a very rustic style. I watched as I made a coffee for myself. I then walked down a hallway, coffee in hand, through large, stained glass French doors. Upon entering, I saw giant oak bookshelves along the walls, filled with books from top to bottom. 

  I walked to one of the shelves and plucked a book with bindings that looked worn as if someone had read it a thousand times.

  I carried my book and coffee back through the French doors and made my way back down the hallway the way I came.

  I made my way towards the front door and exited. I started heading to a large oak tree. It was a beautiful spot. I sat down and started reading. A few minutes had gone by and then I heard someone approaching, so I looked up from my book.

  Holy shit. The sexiest man ever was standing in front of me, staring at me with gorgeous hazel eyes. They were magnificent and filled with lust? Desire? It was a stare that was making my panties wet with anticipation. I don't why I was so drawn to him, but I wanted him to take me here and now under this tree, I didn't care who saw. His tall, muscular figure loomed over me, and those gray sweats left nothing to the imagination. The man was packing and I wanted to discover every inch of him. His dirty blonde hair, damn I just wanted to run my fingers through it. 

  

  Damon disappeared and I found myself back in my cell. Wait, Damon? Oh my god, I gasped as I remembered. I saw memories of us playing together as kids. Memories of us going to school together, we were always so close. Playing together in our wolf form, His was Apollo, a beautiful black wolf with black eyes. Massive next to my small brown wolf, Aspen, she had green eyes to match my own. I had the biggest crush on him, but as we got older he was always too busy with training. He was my first kiss, hell my only kiss. I suddenly remembered that moment. We were 17, walking back to the pack house after a run, sweating and laughing. It was dark, but with our enhanced sight we could see each other perfectly. The moon illuminated his perfectly chiseled face. His full pink lips, sun-kissed skin. His tousled hair and piercing hazel eyes. His body was full of muscles, he was shirtless, wearing those damn gray sweats, I felt heat pool in between my legs as the sight of him had me wanting more. He stopped and caught me staring at him, his bright eyes started to darken, as I blushed and tried to look away, embarrassed, realizing he could probably smell my arousal. I was about to continue walking when he wrapped a large muscled arm around me, pulling me flush against his skin. He used his other hand, and tipped my chin up to look him in the eyes. I felt his bulge growing against my stomach. We stood like that, staring at each other for what felt like hours. Finally, he broke the silence with his deep, baritone voice,"Ali." Was all he said, the nickname sent butterflies coursing through my body.

  "Damon?" I replied in a quiet voice.

  "I shouldn't do this, but I need to taste you just once. I've waited so long. It's selfish but f*ck it."

  "Damon, what're you...." Before I could finish my sentence, he grabbed my face with both of his hands and dipped down to meet my lips, I had never felt this amazing before. Soft, gentle sparks went along my lips where he kissed, I tilted my head to the side as he swiped his tongue along my bottom lip, as if silently asking to enter. I parted my lips, allowing his tongue access. Our tongues dance together to a beautiful harmony. My arms reached up and played with his hair as his hands dipped to my lower back. Everything about this felt so right. He kissed me with such delicacy, like I was the most fragile thing in the world. But it also had a hidden passion behind it, as if he wanted to do that forever. He had pulled away and we locked eyes. I instantly missed the feeling that his closeness brought. He then turned and walked away. I touched my lips. I had never been more confused. He wanted me one moment and the next he was walking away. Leaving me there with my thoughts. That was around the time we started to grow apart. Was I really that bad of a kisser?

  More memories flooded me, my parents, oh my goddess. My parents, I remember the fire. Summer had started it. She tried taking me but my mom and dad came to my defense. She used some kind of magic to behead my father and then drove a sword through my mother. I remember watching my parents collapse to the ground. I started sobbing violently as the memory of their death had returned. 

  I collapsed back onto the concrete floor, I wanted to scream, I wanted to kill Summer for the pain she caused us. I held my knees close to my chest, shaking as the sadness took over. I felt exhausted from the information overload. I welcomed the darkness with open arms, hoping that some sleep could help heal these wounds.             
	
	A:N/Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far?? Unknown POV was finally revealed as Damon <3 I wanted to keep his name a secret until Allison got her memories back.
Cabin
  Damon POV (Previously unknown pov)

    

  

    I felt defeated, but I knew that I needed to be strong for my Allison. 

    "If we can't find her through magic, we need to try something else. She would most likely hide her somewhere abandoned or remote, Chad, get ahold of Leroy. We need to look for any houses that may be under Summer's name. Lena, do you know what Summer's last name is, or do you know of any abandoned houses she might use?"

    Lena thought for a moment before speaking, "If she carried on Lucy's last name then it would be Hunt. But if she didn't take that last name, I'm sorry, I don't know what else it would be."

    Another idea had come to me, "Wait, Allison was with a guy when she got drugged, do we know who the guy is?"

    Lena sighed, "If he is the one that lured her to getting drugged, then I am worried he might be Summers' mate."

    "How would you know that he is Summer's mate?"

    "Well, when Selene, the moon goddess, provided a mate for each of Macy's descendants, it came with a price. She had to find a balance, so she was required to give Lucy's descendants a mate too. Ones that are strong supernatural beings, that would create strong offspring required for the rituals." Just as I was about to reply, Chad spoke up, "Alpha, Leroy says he can't find anything under the name Summer Hunt. That name doesn't exist in any of the records. But he did find something else. It is a property 2 hours from here, in the middle of the woods. There is no road or driveway to it. It's like it was just plopped there."

    "How do we know that's where Allison could be? What ties that house to this?" I asked.

    "Well, Leroy found an ancient deed for this property. The name on it is Lucy Hunt. It might be a dead end lead, but it's the only thing we have to go off of right now. It's worth checking out." 

    Chad was right, it's the only lead we have had so far, so what other choice did we have?

    "Alright, Chad get the address from Leroy. If there are no roads, we will travel in wolf form. Lena, how can we contact you if we find her?" 

    "Oh dear, I've been hiding for far too long. I failed to save my daughter. I'll be damned if I fail to save my granddaughter too. I'm going with you." Lena spoke.

    "We don't know what kind of danger could be there, I would never forgive myself if something happened to you before Allison got to meet you." I said softly, hoping she stayed here where she was safe.

    "Boy, I can handle my damn self, and my going is not up to you. I said I'm going and I mean it. Now get up and get your asses out the door. We are leaving." Lena stubbornly stated as she grabbed her jacket and walked out the door, "Well, are you wolves coming or not? We ain't got all day!" She shouted from outside. We didn't waste another moment and all hurried out the door. Chad showed us all the location of the house, and with that we stripped our clothes and packed them in a bag.

    We all shifted into our wolves quickly. Lena was picking some herbs and stuffing them into a small leather fanny pack hanging around her waist. Apollo chortled at the woman. Zipping up her fanny pack. She was looking around at the wolves surrounding her.  I was about to offer her to ride on Apollo, worried that maybe shifting was painful for her.

    "Well, turn around, dammit. I'm not about to strip in front of you boys." 

    We all obeyed and turned around. A moment later, a small gray wolf with green eyes trotted up beside me carrying our bag of clothes. Her wolf was so small that her fanny pack remained around her waist.

    This is my wolf Leah, and just for your information, she may be small but she will beat any of you in a race.

    Lena spoke into my mind, and with that her wolf Leah was off. My 4 warriors, Chad and I all followed her. True to her word, she kept up with all of us. 

    It only took us just under an hour to make it near the house. We didn't want to get too close, as we wanted to assess the situation first and see how many people were guarding it. 

    It was a small log cabin, with moss and vines covering it. The wood looked like it was rotting, there were two windows on the front of the house, the glass in them was cracked and some of the panels had fallen out. The front door was a simple wooden door. It looked like it had been kicked in, it sat ajar halfway off of the hinges. 

    Either nobody is here, or it's the perfect place to keep someone hidden. I shot down the link.

    I didn't hear any movement. Should we go investigate? Chad responded.

    Chad and I are going inside. I want one warrior on each side of the house stay in wolf form and be alert, Lena, please stay here until we know it's safe? If anything happens to us, I want you to take two of my warriors and get out of here. Does everyone understand? I asked.

    4 "Yes Alphas'" Came down the link as my warriors took their places around the house. 

    Lena growled at me,"I don't take orders from you young man. I will stay here on one condition. The second you are in trouble, you tell me right away. You're forgetting I am also part witch. You may just underestimate my power.  

     We shifted into our human forms, our wolves wouldn't exactly be stealthy in a such a small cabin. Putting on our clothes, we started  walking into the clearing towards the cabin. As we got closer, we paused to listen for any movement inside, or any heartbearts. 

    Upon hearing nothing, we continued closer. We slowly crept up to the front door and squeezed through, trying not to knock it down or push it open further in fear it would draw attention to us. Inside the cabin, it was covered in dust and cobwebs as if someone hadn't occupied the space for years. There were broken pictures hanging on the wall. I stopped for a moment. I smelt something; lavender, fresh roses, and... shit, that's blood. I smelt blood mingled in with the scent of Allison. 

    Chad, I can smell her, but I also smell blood. I felt my heart rate increase at the possibility of my mate being hurt. I couldn't wait to rip out the throats of the f*ckers that dare lay a hand on her.

    I don't see anything. Maybe they had her here at one point and moved her. 

    I feel it, I feel her here, she has to be here somewhere. I started searching the house, not caring about how loud I was anymore. It wasn't a large area to search through, it was only the main floor, which consisted of a living room, kitchen, and a small bedroom and bathroom. I tried sniffing the air, trying to see where her smell was the strongest. It led me into the bedroom. It consisted of a small single bed and a small bookshelf tucked into the corner. 

    ALPH....  I heard Chad start to shout down the link, but he was cut off. I heard two loud thuds. I whipped around to exit the room and was met with a horrible sight. Chad's head was rolling its way towards me, his body lying limp and bloody by the front door. 

    Chad, my childhood best friend, the person that was always there for me in my darkest times. An Alpha-blooded wolf. How the hell did they get the upper hand on him? I've seen him fight. He was ruthless when he needed to be. I felt a sadness like no other for my lost friend, but I couldn't let my sadness consume me. Next to his body was Lena. She was in human form, kneeling down in the opening of the front door, blood was sprayed across her face. She looked at me in fear.

    I'm so sorry Damon, I should've listened, I should've stayed put. You were gone for so long, I was worried something had happened to you both. I distracted Chad when I came in, he's dead because of me. Lena sobbed down the link to me. 

    All of a sudden, I heard a deep laugh come from behind the door. 

    I was about to walk over there when a blonde girl appeared out of thin air in front of me.

    "Well, your arrival wasn't exactly a part of my plan, but I suppose we can make this work. I'm Summer, it's a pleasure to meet you Damon. Wow, you look almost identical to your father, he had that same look on his face when I killed him." All I saw was red, this is the b*tch that took my Allison. She killed Allison's parents, she killed my parents. This is the b*tch that killed my best friend. I would make her pay.       
		
		A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far? I am trying to update 1-2 chapters a day, I am a crazy busy momma so it hasn't been easy, but I hope you are enjoying the story so far. I plan to go back and edit any mistakes once I have more chapters completed. Lots of love <3
Aspen

###chapter 11
Allison POV

  

  Allison, are you awake? I'm sorry that I threw all of the memories your way. But I needed you to remember so that you could trust me. I'm so so sorry. Aspen whined into my mind.

  It's not your fault, Aspen. I understand why you had to do it. 

  Allison, I can feel us changing.

  What are you talking about?

  I don't know yet, I just feel different. Maybe we should rest a little more. I'll try to stay alert in your mind in case anyone comes down here. 

  We've slept lots now. I don't think more sleep is going to help us out of here.

  Please, Allison, just trust me. 

  The second we get out of here, I want to get a monster cheeseburger or something. I'm starving. Before I go to sleep, can I ask you something?

  Yes, of course. What is it?

  How long have we been under Summers' control?

  I heard her sigh before answering. She had us drugged most of the time, so I really can't say for sure.

  It's like that whole time is a blur. I truly had no idea how long I had been gone for. Has anyone come looking for me, or did they think I died in the fire? What if no one came for me because they thought I was dead?

  Aspen whimpered in my mind at the thoughts I was having.

  I was glad I had my wolf, it was nice to have some company. 

  Soon after, I felt myself drifting off to sleep. 

  Allison! Allison! Wake up, now!

  Aspen was shouting in my mind, groaning. I rubbed my eyes and started to look around, but saw no one. Why was she waking me up?

  What is it Aspen?

  Sniff the air, I smell something.

  I started sniffing the air, intrigued by the smell. It was like the woods after a rainfall, with a hint of peppermint. It smelt delicious.

  What is that smell Aspen? Where is it coming from?

  I don't know, I just noticed it.

  All of a sudden, I heard the sound of footsteps. One was the clicking of heels, and the other was heavier, like workboots. Also a dragging sound I couldn't quite place.

  The smell intensified. I got up and ran to the cell door to see who was approaching.

  Aspen started running around in my mind, yipping. I could see Summer and Dean. But Dean's back was facing me, he was dragging something. Or someone?

  As they got closer, I could clearly see that it was Damon. 

  "What the hell did you do to him?!" I yelled. 

  "Now dear, no need to get your panties in a bunch. I just gave him a little wolfsbane to help him rest. He was trying to save you, it seems, but the big bad Alpha was no match for me." Summer smirked. She then flicked her wrist and my cell door magically opened. Dean drug Damon in and threw his limp body into my cell. I immediately ran to him worried. 

  "Oh my goddess Damon, please be okay." I felt tears welling in my eyes as I went down on my knees next to his body. 

  "I just wanted to weaken him and play some mind games, that's one of my favorite things to do with people. But I haven't gotten the opportunity to do it to an Alpha before, so this will be a real treat!." Summer exclaimed as she flicked her wrist again, and her and Dean walked down the hallway and out the steel door. 

  I could hear Damon's steady heartbeat, I breathed a sigh of relief. He will be okay, he has to be. 

  I couldn't believe he risked himself to find me. I decided I just wanted to be close to him when he woke up, so I curled up on the floor next to him. 

  

  I woke to the sound of a groan, and some movement next to me. Sitting up, I looked at Damon, really looked at him this time. F*ck he looked delicious. He was much larger than I remembered. He had on a white vneck t-shirt that looked like it was starting to tear, barely holding his muscles in. It made his sun-kissed skin pop. He had barefeet. He wore white sweatpants that were definitely complimenting his member in ways that made my brain turn to mush. His arms and hands were now covered in tattoos. His lips were full and pink, a lopsided grin playing on them, his jawline strong and defined. Our eyes met, his gorgeous, piercing hazel eyes.    

  "MATE!" we shouted in unison.

  "Well, well isn't this a nice turn in events." Summer sneered," I figured he might be waking up soon so I thought I would come check, but this was such a pleasant surprise. This could make for some interesting games, I mean you must know by now how much I love games!" she announced as she disapeared.

  "Damon, what's going on? How long have I been gone for?" I asked. 

  Damon was staring at me, lust filled eyes. I forgot I was still wearing the small pink dress from the party. 

  He snapped out of it and met my eyes,"I'm so glad you're okay Allison. There's a lot you need to know."

  He explained everything to me, the ritual, the gene I possesed. My ancestors, my Grandma I never knew about, the prophecy. He told me it had been 3 years since I had gone missing. He told me about Chad, I remembered Chad being in our friend group growing up. I was shocked beyond words at all of this new information, and sad to hear of Chad's death, he died trying to find me. I felt utterly guilty. I told him about how Summer played mind tricks with me and placed fake thoughts and memories in my head, like my identity being Grace and Summer being my best friend, the fake sickness and the pills that kept my wolf asleep and how they had made me temproarily lose my memory. 

  "So, I am a hybrid? Where's my grandma, you said she was here too? If we are mates, why was it that everytime Dean was around I felt drawn to him?" I spitfired questions at him.

  Damon growled at the last question, "Summer must hace placed a fake mate bond on you and Dean so he could lure you in. She likes playing games, that's probably why she let you go after all of these years, just so she could toy with you some more. As for your grandma, I don't know what happened to her, I was drugged before I could get to her. I'm so sorry Allison, that any of this happened to you. If I would have been hooenst from the start and told you about our mate bond, you never would have gone inside the pack house, none of this would have happened."

  "Shh, none of this is your fault, she would have gotten me eventually." I went to lay my head on his chest. 

  I instantly felt the sparks, they were magical. It felt warm and safe, happiness bubbled throughout my body. He felt like home. 

  It was nothing compared to what I felt with Dean, with Dean it felt like an electric shock, it was never a comforting feeling the way it is with Damon. 

  He pulled me so I was laying on top of him, two big muscled tattooed arms wrapped around my small figure.

  "I love you Allison, I have always loved you. I've waited such a long time to tell you that."

  I felt butterflies in my stomach at his confession, I have always had feelings for Damon, maybe the mate bond was always there and I didn't realize it. I lifted my head to meet his gaze, his hazel eyes shining with love, he looked vulernable too. Like he was worried I wouldn't accept his love.

  "I love you Damon." I genuinly meant it to. 

  He let out a breath he must have been holding in while waiting for my answer. 

  "Ugh, get a room you two. Dis-gus-ting!" Summer gagged, she then appeared inside our cell causing us both to jump up, Damon put me behind him and growled. 

  "Get the f*ck away from us." This time it was Apollo who spoke through Damon, wanting to be let out to protect us.

  "Oh hunny, I'm not here to hurt her just yet. You on the other hand..." She started, before either of us could react Summer appeared beside Damon, I tried to get to him but it's like I was held in place by invisible chains. Summer cackled as Damon tried moving, also stuck in place it seemed, she then opened her hand and a large needle appeared, full of a grey substance. She took her time making sure that I saw her injecting the liquid into him, I felt helpless. I thrashed against the invisible chains, trying to get to him. 

  "You b*tch let him go!!!" I screamed. 

  Damon's large body fell to the ground with a thud as the last of the liquid drained from the needle. In an instant, Summer disapeared again and my invisible chains were gone. I ran to Damon and knelt down, holding his head in my hands while I sobbed. I hated feeling so helpess. What was the point of drugging him and leaving again.

  I would make her pay for everything she's done to us.  
	
	A:N/ Hello lovely readers, lots of things about to happen in the upcoming chapters! What do you think so far?? Thank you for your support <3
Seduction
 Damon POV

###chapter 12

  After Summer's little introduction, I was full of rage. My claws started to extend as I planned my attack. 

  "Oh, I know you want to kill me, but you must know. I'm more powerful than you could ever imagine. Dean, why don't you come out my love?" Summer said. 

  A hand came and grabbed the still kneeling Lena by the hair, pulling her to her feet as she whimpered in pain. He shoved her out of his way and threw her to the ground. 

  He was tall and lean, but no where near the size that I was. He had raven black hair and black beady eyes. His aura felt evil. 

  I growled at him, my eyes flickering to show Apollo at the surface. 

  "Now, now, calm down Mr. Alpha wolf. Dean, be a doll and taken him to the cell, I'd like us to pay Allison a visit." She taunted. 

  Realizing there was a chance to save Allison if I didn't fight them, I instead stood there. 

  "That's no fun, I was hoping for a sexy man on man fight or something insteresting. Dean drug him, I want to see Allison's face when she sees him being brought in there all helpless. See what she thinks of you then." She giggled at her own plan. 

  A moment later I felt a prick and then darkness consumed me. 

  

  I woke up and groaned, my head was throbbing. I wiped my eyes with the back of my hand as my eyes adjusted to the darkness. 

  I could smell Allison next to me, her delicous smell of lavender and fresh roses. She sat up and I watched with a smirk as she gawked at me. She raked her gorgeous green eyes slowly over my body and I was trying to control myself but my cock was instantly hard from her prescence. I too, took in her appearance. She was sexy in a little hot pink dress, her long brown hair looked disheveled but she pulled it off perfectly. Her perfect full lips, I wanted to kiss them and savour every inch of her. 

  I noticed how much skinnier she looked, her skin a sickly pale, I had to fight to supress the growl that wanted to come out. That witch made her this way. She was still my beautiful mate, and I would be sure to give her anything she could ever want for, once I kill Summer. 

  Our eyes met, and together we proclaimed our mate bond. 

  Of course that b*tch Summer had to ruin the perfect the moment with her prescence.   

  Allison started asking questions that I had anticipated, I answered every single one of them to the best of my abilities. I felt awful that she had no idea it had been 3 years. I couldn't imagine how she must be feeling. She looked happy when I told her about her Grandmother Lena, but then that emotion quickly turned to sadness and guilt when I told her what had happened to Chad.

  She told me about Summer toying with her mind, the fake sickness, the pills and the memory loss. 

  She had more questions about all of the new information, I growled when she mentioned Dean. I hated that f*cker just as much as I hated that witch.

  I felt guilty for being the reason she went into the pack house and I expressed that. She comforted me, and layed her head on my chest. It was the best feeling in the world, a feeling I never thought I would experience. Her scent wrapped around me like a warm blanket, it was a welcomed feeling. It felt perfect, I was on cloud nine feeling the sparks that came with her touch. 

  I couldn't help get enough of her, I wrapped my arms around her tiny frame and lifted her so she was laying ontop of me. 

  I had to tell her how I truly felt, I waited years for this moment, and I couldn't wait any longer. She had to know. I confessed my love for her. I felt so vulnerable. Her forest green eyes met my own, I could get lost in those eyes. Her silence worried me, was it too soon for me to say that? Just as I was feeling a slight panic creep up on me, she said it back and all of my worries drifted away. I let out a sigh of relief and couldn't help but squeeze her a little tighter, I never wanted this moment to end. 

  But of course, Summer enjoyed ruining the perfects moments. 

  She appeared in our cell and I put Allison behind us, Apollo pushed to the surface, feeling protective of his mate. 

  She reappeared right next to me, I tried to get to her, wanting to rip her throat our and be done with this. But I was stuck in place, I could hear Allison behind me yell at Summer as she too fought with invisible restraints. I felt the all too familiar prick of a needle in my neck. This b*tch really likes drugging people it seems. I felt the needle push the substance into my body, a few moments later, darkness started spotting my vision. I was no longer going to rip Summers throat out, no, I was going to torture her, make her feel the pain of every person she took from me and I wouldn't stop, no matter how much she would beg and pleade me too. I would do it until she died. A slow, painful, death. I felt myself losing consiousness and fell to the floor. Helpless.

  

  Allison POV

  

  Damon had only been out for a few minutes before Summer reappeared, what was she a damn magician?

  I got up from my spot on the floor, and stood in front of him protectively. 

  "Get away from him, you don't need him. Let him go and take me, you don't need him for your stupid ritual." I spat.

  "I don't need him at all, but I like to play games, and your little mate bond with him, will make for a very fun game." Sarcasm laced Summer's tone, a moment later I was thrown into an invisbile chair, my arms and legs strapped with invisble binds to the chair. 

  I tried breaking free but couldn't move a muscle. 

  "What are you doing, let me go!" I yelled as I tried and failed once again at escaping. 

  "Oh I think you might enjoy what I'm about to do." With that, she started walking towards Damon's resting body. I growled at her closeness to my mate and she laughed in response. 

  She then knelt down beside him and started caressing up his body with her hand, starting at his thigh, making her way up his stomach, and to his neck. My marking spot. Then she grabbed his face in her hands, and kissed him. 

  "Stop touching him you b*tch!!" I yelled, feeling sick to my stomach that she was touching my mate. 

  "Ooo someone's a little feisty, too bad theres nothing you can do about it. Now shush, I would like to concentrate." She flicked her wrist and I felt a bind around my mouth. I thrashed and tried screaming but it was hopeless, the more I moved the tighter they got. 

  In one swift motion she ripped his shirt, showing off his bare chest. That's when I saw it, he had a tattoo of a large A with green wolf eyes under it on his chest. I got butterflies from this, my mate was the sweetest man in the world. That feeling was quickly replaced with anger and disgust as I watched Summer kiss down his body. She then ripped his pants, he only had on boxers now, I could feel the rage coursing through my body in waves. I squeezed my eyes close, I couldn't stand to watch any longer, not being able to help Damon when he's in his drug induced state. 

  "Where would the fun be in this if your eyes are closed? Open them or I kill him." Summer hissed.

  I obeyed and opened my eyes. She was taking her time, she looked right at me when she reacked for the top of his boxers. 

  I felt a blinding rage pass through me at this sight, a fire burning its way through my body, I had to get to my mate.

  I welcomed the burning sensation, I could feel it coursing through me. 

  I could feel the binds around my body loosing their grip, I stood up and in a second I was next to her. 

  "RELEASE HIM!" I shouted, but it wasn't my voice. It was a strong voice. Like that of a goddess, angelic but powerful.

  I grabbed Summers' head in my hands and she tried fighting against me, chanting spells. But she was useless. I laughed as I crushed her skull, her blood spraying all over my face. I whipped her limp body against the wall. Shocked at the force behind my throw. I would be weak no longer. I knelt down to Damon. I noticed my entire body was glowing white. My pink dress, replaced with a long white dress, it had small pink flowers embroided on it. 

  "WAKE UP." I tried saying to Damon, but it came out in the powerful goddess voice again. 

  His eyes snapped open and he stared at me, shocked. 

  "Allison? You're...well you're glowing." He said as he took in my appearance, "That dress is wow, you look amazing. Is that blood in your face? Are you okay?!" He then noticed he had only boxers on,"What the hell did I miss?

  Even with the situation we were in, he still took a moment to appreciate my changes.

  "WE MUST GO NOW!" I tried saying, but it was the same loud goddess voice. 

  Damon, shocked at my voice, nodded and obeyed.

  I walked up to the cell bars, and they blew to pieces. Together we stepped over the rubble and towards the steel door, it flew off its hinges when we neared it. 

  Allison, you must hurry. I can't keep up with this rush of power Aspen weakly spoke into my mind.

  Together Damon and I ran through the empty doorframe the steel door once occupied, it came into what looked like a cellar room, it had creaky wooden stairs and a cellar door. We pushed the door open, and found ourselves coming out of a bedroom floor. 

  Just then I saw Dean come through the doorway.

  "What the f*ck did you do to Summer!" He yelled as he held his heart, probably the pain of his mates death. I snickered at the thought. I wanted him to die the same way she did, just as that thought came to mind, his skull crushed down as if it was being compressed by something, his body then flung to the nearest wall. Damon and I were shocked, but didn't want to waste anytime so we continued our escape. We exited the bedroom and came into a small hallway, Damon seemed to recognize it, probably from when he first tried to rescue me, he grabbed my hand and led the way to what was left of a front door. I could feel the surge of power leaving my body, and a tiredness set in. I felt weak, and couldn't walk any farther. Like the power had completely drained my energy. 

  Damon noticed my hand slip from his as I fell and was quick to catch me. 

  "Allison?" He asked worry filled his tone. That was the last thing I remebered before sleep took me.    

A:N/ Hello readers, what do you think so far? Thank you for your support :)
Alive

###chapter 13
Damon POV 



I felt my body force itself awake, as if Alpha commanded to. My eyes opened with a jolt. Allison was glowing and holy sh*t did she ever look hot as ever right now. Her small pink party dress, replaced with a beautiful long gown, small pink flowers patterned all over it. Wait is that blood? I panicked thinking it was her own, but I then saw Summers' limp body in the corner her limbs at odd angles and her skull crushed. Is it bad that the thought of my mate killing her so fiercely kinda turned me on? After trying to process everything that happened around me, I noticed something else, I was only wearing boxers. Where did the rest of my clothes go? I quickly realised it was most likely apart of one of Summers' twisted games.

Allison then spoke again, but the voice was not her own. It was the voice of a powerful goddess, her aura held more power than any Alpha I've ever met. I watched as she walked towards the cell bars and they blew to pieces without even a touch. The same happened with the steel door, we continued on into what looked to be an old cellar, and up some old wooden stairs. She pushed open the cellar hatch and we came out into the bedroom. The same bedroom I could smell her scent the strongest in, I was so close to finding her. 

Dean walked into the bedroom a moment later holding his heart, I wanted to rip his head clean off his shoulders. He then yelled at my mate and I was about to kill him, when out of nowhere his skull was crushed by an invisible force, and his body flung to the wall. Allison looked as shocked as I did by this, but we didn't want to waste anymore time so I grabbed her hand and led her out of the room towards the front door. 

I felt her hand slip from mine and turned around just in time to catch her as she fell, she was no longer glowing. In fact, she went from looking full of life and power, to looking sick again. I called her name, hoping for an answer but it seemed she was sleeping. The use of power must have drained her. She still had a steady heartbeat so I tried not to worry too much. I knew I had to get her out of here, I had no idea if they had others working with them. I was about to exit the house with Allison's sleeping body, when I heard a voice I never thought I would hear again. 

"Damon?" he said weakly as he drug himself out from behind the kitchen counter, he must have recognized my scent.

"Holy sh*t, Chad? How are you alive, I don't understand, I saw your body?!" I felt relief wash over me at seeing my bestfriend and beta alive. 

"She tricked you, Summer tricked you and she tricked Lena. She had me tied up against the wall out of sight, I don't know what she did to me, I couldn't talked or mindlink you. I tried to warn you but she blocked it quickly somehow. How did you get out?" He then noticed Allison's body in my arms,"Will she be okay?"

"Allison killed Summer and I think Dean but without even touching him she killed him, it was crazy man, she had all this power, she was glowing. When she spoke it was like the power of a goddess. Her aura was stronger than any I've ever seen. She will be okay, I think she just used too much power at once. What happened to you, what did they do to you?" I asked, worried for my friend.

"Summer was using my blood to strengthen herself, she kept going on and on about how the ritual couldn't be performed until a full moon, which thankfully for us wasn't for another week. When she tested my blood and realized I am Alpha blooded, she said it would have to do until she can create something more powerful using Allison."

"We need to get you both out of here, do you think you can hold on to Allison and keep yourself on if I shift into Apollo?"

"I think I can manage." He said weakly

I wasn't sure if he had the strength to, but right now it was our quickest way out of here. 

"What about Lena, did you see what happened to her? What about our warriors?" I asked, I prayed Lena wasn't killed before Allison got the chance to meet her. She was the only family she had left. 

"The warriors are all dead, Summer couldn't shut up about it. They let Lena go, she tried offereing herself in Allisons' place, said she was too old and weak to bear a child for them even though she carried the gene, she said she would do anything to save Allison. Lena spelled Dean and Summer, right in front of them, a spell that bound her to Allison, they needed Allison for their ritual, so they knew they couldn't kill Lena, they had no choice but to let her go." He said. I could see him fading quickly after all of the talking, so I carefully layed Allison down, and helped Chad off of the ground. We made our way to the door, Chad insisted on walking through it himself, he knew I needed to help Allison. 

Picking her up bridal style, I carefully slid through the door and met Chad outside. He then took her in his arms as I shifted into Apollo. Just I shifted, we heard someone bounding towards us. I took a protective stance in front of Chad and Allison. But when I recognized the wolf coming towards me, I quickly stepped aside, revealing them to her. Lena shifted back into human form and came running the rest of the way towards us. 

"Is she alright? Chad, you're alive! Oh goddess, I thought you were dead, I thought it was all my fault. I was in the woods, I've been watching this place. Waiting for my opportunity to kill those f*ckers. They underestimated me. Pfft, old and weak my ass." She snarled as she reached an arm out and touched Allisons' hair. It was a gentle touch, the kind you would expect from a grandmother. 

She's okay, she had some kind of power, I think it drained her too much. We need to get my two men from the hotel and take her home  I said through mindlink as I was still shifted.

"Get on his back, I will place spell binds that will keep you both on. Fell free to rest too Chad, you look like hell." She stated.

"Well, I did come back from the dead didn't I?" Chad chuckled, but then started coughing. I was happy to see that he still had a sense of humour given his state. Apollo layed down to make it easier for them to get up. Chad placed Allison on my back first, and then he joined her. Lena flicked her wrist and I felt the binds wrap under Apollos stomach and around Chad and Allison. 

Lena then shifted into her wolf and together we headed to the town to get Greg and Rory. 

We had made it to the hotel in just over an hour. We stopped so I could mindlink Greg and Rory.

We are at the edge of the woods, I need you both to get the Suburban and drive over here, we are going home.

Two "Yes Alphas'" came down the link. 

A moment later, we watched them come out of the room and get into the Suburban, they then drove towards the edge of the woods. 

Lena shifted back into her human form and spelled herself some clothing. Greg and Rory got out of the vehicle and made their way to Chad and Allison.

"Get ready to catch them." She said the them as she undid her spell. 

Greg caught Allison, Rory caught a now sleeping Chad. Chad was placed in the far back, Allison in the middle. 

I shifted back to human form and Lena spelled a pair of shorts and a tshirt on me. Greg and Rory took their seats in the front. 

Lena and I carefully lifted Allison and placed her into our laps. I had her feet, Lena had her head. She was stroking Allisons' hair with tears in her eyes. The ride to the air strip was silent, we all piled out of the vehicle upon arrival. I carried Allison onto our private jet, while Greg got Chad. Lena and Rory filed behind us.

Chad was placed on the loveseat and seatbelts placed around him so he didn't roll off.

Thankfully the Jet had a large room in the back that contained a queen sized bed, so I layed Allison back there and couldn't help but lay there with her, wrapped up in my arms. Soon after the jet had taken off and we were finally on our way home. 

The smell of my mate next to me calmed me enough to let sleep take over.  

A:N/ Hello readers, how are you liking the book so far? Lots of love <3 
Home


###chapter 14
Damon POV



We had arrived home safely, Chad had woken up halfway through the plane ride and was already looking a little healthier, his wolf must be healing him. Allison was still sleeping, but Lena told me that the power she used today was something she wasn't used to, so it used up a lot of energy. We insisted on Chad going to the hospital, he argued about it for a little bit but eventually gave in. We brought Allison in as well.

Chad was disharged by the end of the day but Allison but still sleeping. The doctors said her vitals looked normal, so they put her on an IV drip just to make sure she stays hydrated until she wakes up. Lena never left her side. I can see the love in her eyes that she holds for Allison. Allison always looked like a replica of her mother, so maybe Lena sees this as her chance to do things over, the way she wanted to do things with her daughter if her situation was different. 

I had just checked on Allison, she was still sleeping and Lena was watching over her. Told me to go ahead and do anything that needed to be done, that she would mindlink me if anything changed.

I had one thing I knew I wanted to do for quite some time.

Hey, where are you? I need to talk.

I'm just at the pack house, where are you, I can meet you?

I'll come to you. I said through the link.

I made my way from the hospital towards the pack house. Once entering I found Chad in the kitchen.

"Chad I have a proposition for you." I said

"What is it?" He asked.

"I want you to be Alpha, share the title with me, I know it's unheard of but you deserve it. You took on this role no questions asked when I was at my lowest. You never once challenged me for my title, even though you definitely could have. I respect you. Pack decisions would be made together, along with Allison. If you find a mate, and Allison agrees, she can share the title of Luna with her."

Chad stared at me speechless. "Are you sure about this?"

"Yes, we will announce it to the pack when Allison wakes up. Speaking of, I'm going to head back to her now. Catch ya later, Alpha." I teased. 

I genuinly meant it, it would split the workload in half, and I think the pack would benefit from this choice.

I made my way back to the hospital and straight to Allisons' room. 

"Nothing yet?" I asked.

"No, nothing." Lena sighed. 

I pulled the chair opposite Lena up to Allisons' bed and got comfortable. Looks like we might be spending the night. I prayed she would be okay.



Allison POV



I woke up in an unfamiliar place, it was nighttime. I couldn't really see much. The last thing I could remember was passing out right as we were escaping that awful place, the worst possible time to pass out. I felt satisfaction knowing I had the pleasure of killing Summer and Dean. 

I sat up out of the bed I was in, it looked like a hospital bed. I had on a white hospital gown and an IV sticking out of my arm. I ripped the IV out and slid out of the bed, there was no one in the hospital, almost like it was abandoned. That's weird, normally there are night shift workers at most hospitals. I padded down the long corridor in my barefeet. It was eerily quiet in this place. 

I headed towards the front door, needing a breath of fresh air. 

Upon exiting the hospital I took a long deep breath in. The air was cool, but felt nice against my skin. 

I looked around the hospital parking lot, there was nothing and no one around. I recognized it now as the pack hospital, we made it home. I breathed a sigh of relief. 

I started to walk around, I haven't been here in years. I saw a small brown wolf in the distance by the edge of the woods, sitting there as if waiting for me to follow. Of course being curious, I followed. As soon as I got close, the wolf started to trot through the forest, slow enough that I could keep up in a jog. 

We traveled like that for what felt like forever, we came to a clearing and there was the beutiful stream I used to come read at as a teenager. I loved this place. Like a little safe haven. I then noticed the tall angelic woman standing before me. She had long  glowing white hair, she wore a long white-hooded cloak with gold flowers embroided on it. She had white eyes, and I knew exactly who she was. I have read about her many times. Selene, the moon goddess. The small brown wolf walked up to her and sat down beside her, wagging her tail. I then got a better look at the wolf, "Aspen?" 

She nodded her head and then looked at the moon goddess.

"Hello my child." She said while petting Aspen. 

"Hello, what are you doing here, why is Aspen here?"

"Well my dear, the power that you and Aspen used was a lot, too much for you both to handle. There was a choice to be made, either you die and Aspen goes with you. Or, Aspen dies and you get to live. She sacrificed herself so you could live on. It was a very brave thing to do." Selene said looking down at Aspen with a smile.

"Oh Aspen, I'm so sorry." I had tears in my eyes, my poor wolf. She was always so good to me, we were two halves of the same whole. Aspen came running over to me licking my face while I giggled and pet her.

"She can no longer talk to you, but she will be safe with me. That I can promise. There is something else you must know." Selene then lifted her arm and waved her hand, I thought she was gesturing for me to come closer, but then I heard the sound of running coming from behind me. I turned around just in time to come face to face with a large white wolf, she had the most magnificent blue eyes. As if made of a ball of electricity. She was massive, standing taller than Aspen. Larger than any Alpha wolf I had ever remembered seeing. She then stuck her large tongue out and licked right up my face. Leaving a trail of slobber behind. Laughing and wiping my face, I turned back to the moon goddess. 

"You still have a prochecy to fulfill. Bring all supernaturals together. It won't be easy. You will need strength. This is your new wolf, Eve, you have lots you must learn about her in order to take this challenge on. You will still hold your mate bond with Damon, even with the change of wolves. But there is one last thing you must know before I go. With your new wolf, comes the possibilty of a second mate. You can hold this mate bond with both Damon and the other person. Or you may break the bond with one. This decisions falls into your hands." It was information overload from Selene. 

Aspen then gave me one last nudge and made her way back to Selene, where they both disapeared. 

I turned back to Eve,"I'm Allison."

I need to enter into your mind, we must become one. It will hurt, and I am sorry in advance. Eve said into my mind. 

I nodded and braced myself for what was to come. 

She then placed her paw on my foot and there was a bright light. 

I felt this excruciating pain course through my body, a fire being burnt along my skin. 

I screamed and my legs buckled as I tried to bear this pain. 

Almost in an instant, the pain was gone and so was Eve.

Eve, are you there? Did it work?

Yes, it worked. We must wake up now. Damon and your grandmother are very worried about you.

Wake up, I thought I was awake, how do I wake up?

The moon goddess can only contact people in dreams, you must return to your body. The moment you touch it, you will wake up.

I obeyed and made my way through the forest back to the pack hospital. I reached my room, and sure enough my sleeping body was still there. 

Touching my own hand, I felt a small tingling sensation, I sat up in my hospital bed. 

Damon and who I assume must be my grandmother, judging by the familiar green eyes, were awake in an instant, worried expressions on their faces.

"You'll never believe what just happened." I said to them both, hell I could barely believe what happened.    

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, I hope you are enjoying so far!
Eve
Damon POV

###chapter 15

Allison waking up both startled Lena and I, but filled us with relief. I was so thankful she was awake.

She looked back and forth between us before saying,"You'll never believe what just happened."

"What, what happened?" I asked.

"I visited Selene, the moon goddess in my dream. I have good news and bad news, what do you want to hear first?" She said/

"Well I guess rip the bandaid off on the bad news." I sighed, kind of worried for what the bad news may be.

"The first part of the bad news, is my sweet Aspen is no longer my wolf. She sacrificed herself to get us out of that cell, it was too much for us both and the moon goddess gave her a choice, she chose to save me and have her own life taken. But I got to see her and she is with Selene now, she is safe." She looked sad at the loss of her wolf, did this mean she was wolfless? 

"I know what you are thinking, I must be wolfless. But Selene gifted me a new wolf. A powerful one, that will help me to fulfill the prophecy. Her name is Eve. There's something else that Selene told me, you might not like..." She said while looking at me, then looking at her hands before continuing,"I will still have a mate bond with you Damon, even with Aspen being gone. But with Eve being my new wolf. There is the possibility that I will have a second mate. Selene said I can hold the mate bond with both mates, or reject one mate and stay with the other." 

I couldn't hold in the growl that escaped me. I felt furious even thinking about another man touching or being around my mate.

"Another mate?!" I roared. I knew it was unfair of me, this should be Allison's choice. But the thought of sharing her made me sick. This is my woman, my mate.

"I'm sorry Damon, I didn't mean to upset you with this. I just wanted to be honest with you about what is to come. I will always love you, and I can say for sure that I will never reject you. Now," She said, turning to look at Lena." You must be my grandmother. I'm so glad you are okay. I see where mom and I got our eye color from now. It is so nice to finally meet you Grandma", Allison had tears in her eyes as she said as she opened her arms to Lena for a hug. The mate situation could wait, this moment between them was special. Lena was her last living family member. They both needed this. Lena quickly wiped the tears that had started streaming down her face. I can only imagine how important it was to her to have Allison call her grandma. She then embraced Allison with a hug. Both cried silently, in each others arms. It was a beautiful moment. I stood up, and Lena noticed, so she opened her eyes to look at me, silently questioning where I was going.

You two have lots of catching up to do. I am going to give you some privacy. I said into mind link

"Oh, get over here Damon." She said outloud while stretching one of her arms out for me to join the hug. I hesitated, wanting to let them have their moment. But I realized, other than the short time in the cell with Allison, I have not shared any physical contact with anyone in 3 years. I needed this hug. So I wrapped my arms around both of them. I felt a tear threatening to escape at this loving embrace, but held it in. I am so damn lucky to have such amazing people in my life.

"Well, let's get the doctor to give you one last checkup and then let's get you home. Lena, I have a surprise for you." I had something planned for her, that I think she would like.

The doctor had given Allison the go ahead to leave, so with that the three of us headed towards the packhouse. Upon arriving at the packhouse, Chad was the only person in there. I had asked him to clear everyone out so that it wouldn't be so overwhelming for Allison and Lena. The pack can welcome them another time after they are settled in.

"Wow, it's exactly the way I remember it" Allison said in awe.

"I had everything rebuilt exactly the same. Your room was the only one that survived the fire for some reason, so they basically built the whole house around it." I said as I held the large oak door open for her and Lena. 

"It's so good to see you, Allison." Chad said as he pulled her in for a hug. She hugged him back, confusion and relief covering her face.

"Chad, I thought you were dead, thank god you are alright!" 

"Damon can fill you in on everything. Glad to see you back, everything you asked for me to get together is in the Alpha and Luna room, Alpha." He chuckled as he walked away.

"Thanks Chad." I said,"Allison, all of your things are in your room if you want to change out of the hospital gown. I'll be right up there, Lena? Would you mind following me? I have something to show you." Allison nodded and continued up the stairs to her room. Lena and I followed her, but instead of going in with her, walked past her room, to what is the designated Alpha and Luna room, though it hasn't been touched since the house was rebuilt.  

"What is this about Damon?" Lena asked as she entered the room.

"Almost everything was destroyed in the packhouse fire. But along with Allison's room, there were some other things that didn't get destroyed. You can sleep in this room as long as you would like, move into it if you want, or if you would be more comfortable, I can arrange for a house for you close-by." I said as I pointed to the things that were scattered over the bed. It was photo albums of Luna Rachel growing up, as well as Allison growing up. There were report cards from both, crafts that they made in school. There were some vhs tapes of Rachel learning to sit, crawl, walk and even her first words. There were some Dvd's of all of Allisons firsts too. Things that Lena didn't get to be there for.

I pointed to the TV at the foot of the bed, "Chad had already set up the joint vhs/dvd player. This was all kept in the basement, that's why it survived the fire. It's everything you have missed. I want you to have it all. You made a hard decision to give up Rachel, I can see the regret in your eyes. But I see it as brave. You were brave enough to know that you weren't in the right mind to care for a child. You were brave enough to give her to a family that would love her dearly the way you wanted to but couldn't at the time. You are so brave, Lena. I'll leave you to it, like I said, you can take all the time you need, even move in here." I genuinely meant every word. I respected Lena, she was a strong woman. 

"Oh Damon, I guess there is more to you than just muscle and no brains," she chuckled while wiping her tears away,"Thank you so much. You have no idea how much this means to me. Now go see Allison. I'm going to watch all of these videos and bawl my eyes out for the next few hours." She shooed me out as she said this.

I made my way to Allison's room. She was already under the blankets. What a sight she was.

"Before you come over here, can I ask you something?" She whispered.

"Of course, anything."

"Did you ever...sleep with anyone else while I was gone?" She looked down at the blanket, as if afraid of my answer. But with no hesitation, I told her the truth,"No, I knew from a young age that we were mates. I have never touched or even thought about touching anyone else aside from you. I slept in your room while you were gone. I was in a dark place then. I was nobody without you." I felt vulnerable admitting this, but I knew I could trust her with these feelings.

She giggled,"I can smell you all over the room, I love it. Get over here, then come cuddle."

I immediately removed my boots and climbed into bed. On lifting the covers I found a surprise."Allison, you're naked?"

"Yes, now are you going to join me?" Holf f*ck. This woman, gone, was my sweet Allison. This woman before me held confidence and it was doing things to me. I stripped off of my clothes, naked as the day I was born, and jumped into bed next to her.

She looked up at me with those gorgeous green eyes of hers. 

"I want you Damon." She said while she ran her delicate fingers up my abs, tracing each one, sparks running through my body with every touch. She then traced the A and the green eyes I had tattooed on my chest, it was my way of always having her with me, even when she was missing. She then traced her finger up my neck and then to my lips. I was rock-hard just from her touch. 

"Are you sure?" I asked, not wanting to push her to do something she wasn't ready to do, I wanted everything to be at her pace.

"I've never been more sure in my life."

"Tell me if you want me to stop, everything is at your pace, Allison. I'll never force you into anything." I genuinely meant it. Anything for my mate.

"Damon, I want you dammit." She stated.

Say no more, I flipped my body on top of hers, supporting my weight on one arm, while the other caressed her stomach and around her breasts. I found a nipple and pinched it, a moan escaped her, my hand continued massaging her breasts and playing with her nipples. I brought my lips down to meet hers. The kiss was slow and passionate, until our mouths parted and our tongues started dancing with each other. The kiss turned hungry, her hands running through my hair. I nibbled her lip and she gently bit mine. I then started kissing across her face, nibbling her earlobe, then working my way to her neck, kissing each spot, savoring her. I sucked gently on the spot where my mark would be, she moaned again. 

I kissed farther down, sucking on one nipple while I played with the other. I kissed down her stomach, leaving hickies and small bites everywhere I touched. I let a claw extend and gently traced her thigh with it, making my way up. 

My mouth found her clit, at first kissing it, teasing her and taking my time. Her hands found my hair and massaged my scalp. I got to work licking her slowly at first, then picking up the pace. 

I was licking and sucking her p*ssy. I brought my finger to my lips and licked it, I then slowly slid it into her. F*ck she was tight. I could feel her clenching and unclenching around my finger. I pushed it in and out of her slowly. I then curled it up ever so slightly and started pumping it, finding a rythym, I started to lick again. She was moaning, the sounds getting louder as her climax was building. I quickened my pace, pumping in and out of her, licking her faster, my tongue changing from up and down to figure 8's. 

She wrapped her thighs around my head, her grip on my hair tightened, she screamed as she came, juices spraying out at me. Her whole body vibrated with satisfaction.

I licked up the juices and crawled up her body. I kissed her so she could taste herself on me. I waited for her to confirm she was ready, but she grabbed my cock and lined it up with her entrance. Our eyes met, not breaking eye contact, I slowly slid my cock in, watching her for any sign of pain so I could stop, she placed her hands on my back and wrapped her legs around my waist. I pushed myself until it was all of the way in. I stayed still to let her adjust to the size. 

"F*ck me Damon." She moaned.

I started off slowly, pumping my thick cock into her. F*ck she was tight. I picked up speed, thrusting hungrily into her. 

The sound of skin slapping and moaning filled the room. Tears of pleasure sprung from her eyes as they rolled back into her head. I could feel myself getting close, I could feel her p*ssy gripping my cock as she reached her climax, she pulled my neck down to her mouth and I felt her fangs, she bit down and all over her feelings of pleasure rushed into my body as she marked me. I roared her name, I couldn't hold it any longer, I coated her insides with my cum as I extended my fangs and marked her neck. She screamed my name as she came. My feelings of pleasure rushed into her as we became one, marked and mated. I pulled out of her and watched in satisfaction as my cum spilled out of her. I lay on the bed next to her, both of us out of breath. 

"I love you so much Allison."

"I love you Damon."

With that, we curled into each other's arms and fell asleep.   A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think? Do you want this scene from Allison's POV? Hope you are enjoying so far! Please give me a follow if you are enjoying my book and to help show your support, I have another book planned once this one is complete!
Happy
Allison POV



Upon waking up at the hospital, I explained everything to Damon and my grandmother. I knew it would be hard for Damon to hear about me having another potential mate, but I knew that I needed to be honest with him about it. I had absolutely no plans of ever rejecting Damon. He is the man of my dreams. For the three years I was gone, he never lost hope, never gave up on me. So I knew that I would never give up on him, on us. 

I then went on to talk with my grandmother. She had the same green eyes that my mother and I have. There was no mistaking the similarities between us either. 

I needed her hug, to feel that familiar embrace of family, because in reality she was the only family I had left. I let the tears flow as we hugged each other, she then insisted that Damon join us. I think he needed this hug just as much as we did. 

The doctor gave me the all clear to head out, so we decided to go back to the pack house and call it a night. It was a long day. Hell, it's been a long three years. I was still devastated about Aspen's sacrifice, it was so incredibly brave of her. She was such a loyal wolf, and she will always hold a piece of my heart with her. It brings me peace knowing that she is safe and happy with Selene. 

I was shocked when I saw the pack house, It was exactly the way I remember it. As if the fire never happened. Damon explained that he had it rebuilt to be the exact same. I found it odd that my room was left untouched by the fire. Upon entering the pack house I saw Chad. I felt confused but also a huge wave of relief. I don't know how, but somehow he was alive. Thank the goddess.

Damon told me to go head up to my room for a change of clothes. He had a surprise for Grandma. I was curious what it was but didn't question it further. I'm sure he would tell me.

I entered my room and heard Damon and Grandma walk towards the Alpha and Luna room, what used to be mom and dad's room.

I could over-hear their conversation with my wolf hearing. I realized what Damon had done for grandma. He had everything put together of all of the memories from mom and I as babies, and us as we grew up. I was touched by his thoughtfulness. 

I undressed out of the hospital gown and jumped into the shower. Everything of mine was just the way I left it. The only difference was Damon's delicious scent all over my room. It was mouth watering. I quickly scrubbed my body and washed my hair, I then exited the shower and was about to find a change of clothes when Eve started talking.

Mate him, it will help you both to become stronger together and separately. 

Are you sure about this Eve? I've never done anything before. The most I did was kiss him. 

Trust me, your mate respects you, he will guide you through it. He loves you, and us him. It will help you both become one. 

Okay, if you say so. The moon goddess said I have a lot to learn about you. Can you tell me some things about yourself, Eve?

I am the very first wolf to have ever existed. I have lived many lives. I am the moon goddess's first creation. You will learn more soon. Our mate is coming back.

I jumped under the covers, naked. Something about Eve made me full of confidence. Damon walked into the room, his scent hitting me instantly. He was a handsome man. He was somehow the kindest man on earth, but carried such a bloodthirsty look to him, like he would snap your neck in a split second. His body was full of rippling muscles that flexed with every movement. His tattoos that covered his arms and up his neck just added to his bad boy look. His dirty blonde hair that looked perfectly messy, and his chiseled face holding a grin that showed off his perfect dimples, his damn lips. Oh so kissable, and those eyes, I could get lost in those perfect hazel eyes. 

I knew it was selfish to ask him if he had been with another woman in my absence, but I couldn't stop myself. His answer, however, confirmed that tonight would be the night I gave him my virginity. He cherished me, he loved me. He was so raw and vulnerable with his feelings, I respected that about him. 

I want him in this bed with me now. I needed him inside of me. I had no idea what to do, but I had this new wave of confidence. 

I traced my finger up his now naked body, tracing every rivet in his abs, sparks spreading through my body, I traced the A and the wolf eyes he had tattooed. Every time I played eyes on it I got butterflies. I traced his neck, and then ran my finger across his perfect full lips. I loved the respect he had for me. I knew he wouldn't push me into doing something I wasn't ready for, but damn, it just made me want him more. 

He put his large muscled body on top of my small figure, he caressed my stomach in a slow, teasing manner, then around my breasts, they immediately reacted to his touch, my nipples hard and my core getting wet with anticipation. He pinched my nipple causing me to moan, he played and massaged my breasts before bringing me in for a kiss full of love and passion, our lips meeting together, our lips parted for one another and our tongues danced in each other's mouths. It made me want more, so much more. 

I could feel him growing hard in between my legs, it was huge. So huge, I could feel my confidence wavering as I felt it grow. Was the man part horse? 

I ran my hands through his hair, the hair that I'd been longing to play with. He nibbled my lip and I gently bit his back. He then kissed along my face towards my ear, gently nibbling it before moving down. He sucked on the spot where his mark would be, it caused butterflies to rush through my stomach as I moaned and I could feel my p*ssy clenching, wanting him inside of me just from that little suckle.

He kissed down my body further, stopping to play and suck on my nipples. He moved on to my stomach, leaving small hickeys and bite marks with every kiss. His claw extended and traced up my thigh, it made a shiver run through my body, I wanted more of him and he was teasing me, making my body feel things I never thought I would feel. 

His mouth then latched on my clit, kissing it at first. The feeling was sensational, he then licked it and sucked it, I instantly grabbed his hair, massaging his scalp, encouraging him to continue, not wanting this moment to end. I watched as he brought his finger to his lips and sucked it for a brief moment, he then slowly pushed it into me. I immediately clenched around it, it felt amazing. I could feel him curl his finger up and a knot formed low in my belly. He then pumped his finger while he continued licking me, the pumping of his finger got faster, while his licking sped up. I could feel his tongue doing different patterns on my clit. My moans got louder and louder and my grip on his hair tightened as I wrapped my thighs around his head. I could feel something building up within me, until a scream of pleasure left my body. I could feel myself spraying him and my body shook with satisfaction, he licked up the remaining juices and crawled up my body. 

He kissed me and I could taste myself on him. I wanted to pleasure him now, I knew he was waiting for me to give him permission, so I took his huge c*ck into my hand and lined it up with my entrance. Our eyes met, hazel on green. He patiently slid himself into me. A sharp pain coursed through me as he entered, but I didn't let it show, I didn't want this moment to end. I placed my hands on his back, nails digging in ever so slightly, and wrapped my legs around his waist. He pushed himself until it was all of the way in. It hurt a lot at first, but he waited until I adjusted. The pain turned into a pleasurable feeling and I knew I wanted to keep going. 

I moaned as I told him to f*ck me, and he did. Slowly at first, but I could see the hunger in his eyes. He needed more, he picked up the pace and thrusted inside of me hard and fast. His thick c*ck stretching my p*ssy out, I couldn't help the moans that left me. 

Tears of pleasure left my eyes as they rolled into the back of my head. I could feel myself getting so close again. My p*ssy clenching and unclenching around him. 

Mark him. Eve said into my head. 

I grabbed Damon's neck and let my fangs come out. I bit down, marking what is mine. My feelings rushing into him. I licked the mark just as he roared my name, I could feel his d*ck throbbing inside of me as he released his load, covering my insides with his seed. He marked me next, pushing me to scream his name as I came around his c*ck, his feelings rushing into me. We were marked and mated. Two people joined as one. 

I watched as he pulled out of me, my body already missing the feeling of him inside of us. I could feel his c*m dripping out of me and he watched it with a satisfied gaze. I felt heat pooling in my lower stomach at this look. Wanting to take him all over again, but knowing my body would need time to heal after him being inside of me for the first time.

He lay next to me, both of us out of breath. I felt so incredibly happy. Just when I thought the moment couldn't be anymore perfect, he told me he loved me. I, of course, returned it. I truly did love Damon.

His scent wrapped around me as we curled into each other's arms. I felt safe with him. Sleep took me away soon after.      

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far? Hope you are enjoying!


###chapter 16
Ache
Allison POV



I woke up the next morning still wrapped up in Damon's arms. I was about to pee my pants so I tried wriggling out of his grip, only for him to groan and hold me tighter. 

"Damon, please! I need to pee!" I giggled, he groaned again and released me. I got up and rushed to the bathroom, still naked from the night before. My body felt like it was on fire. My muscles were sore, and my lady bits felt like they were about to fall apart. I finished peeing and opted for a quick shower. I smelt like sweat and sex from last night. The mark on my neck burned ever so slightly, but it filled my heart with pride and joy to carry my mate's mark on my neck. Eve was awake, purring in my mind, content with being marked. I stepped into the shower once the water was nice and hot. I let the water fall down my body as I stood there in my thoughts. 

Eve, what else do I need to learn about you?

Being the very first wolf, I am powerful. But you are a descendant of the first witch-werewolf hybrid, making you powerful too. The moon goddess believes that us being paired together creates an unstoppable creature. One that can bring all supernaturals together, and if anyone is brave enough to question us, we have the strength to prove them wrong. 

What are your gifts?

Well, with me being your wolf, they are our gifts. I have the ability to do many things. Things that I have learnt from the many people I have accompanied as their wolf. You have the ability to move objects and people with your mind. You crushed the skull of Dean and threw his body like it weighed nothing, you didn't even have to lay a hand on him. I can read minds, and can control minds. We can shapeshift, be someone or something else. We can become invisible. There are many other things that are my gifts that are now yours too. But first, you have to figure out how to control your magic, practice it so that it doesn't make you pass out when you use it. 

Wow, that's a lot of things we can do. There's more?

Yes, much more actually. But you will learn about it in time. We need to share our first shift together.

Okay, I'll shower and see if Damon wants to go for a run, then you can meet his wolf Apollo!

I finished talking with Eve for now. There was a lot of information to take in. The amount of things she said she could do was crazy. How can a wolf hold so much power? I knew she was the first wolf and all, but still. It seems like so much power for one being to have.

 I was excited about mastering my magic, and learning more about Eve. Something about her brought me more confidence. I noticed the changes in myself too. I looked healthy, my body filled out, my hair no longer looked dull, and my eyes were bright, full of life. I didn't look sick anymore.

All of these changes in such a short period of time, it was phenominal. 

I poured some shampoo into my hand and started scrubbing my hair, I then heard the shower curtain open and close behind me, two large-muscled arms wrapped around me. 

"What, no invite?" Damon laughed. 

"I thought you were sleeping, I had to wash myself. I smell like sex and sweat." I giggled.

"Absolutely nothing wrong with that smell, I thought you smelt delicious." Damon tucked his head down to my neck and a ruble of satisfaction came from his chest at the sight of his mark. 

"There is when we are living with my grandmother, I don't think she wants to know what about what we are doing in here!" I turned around to face him. Just the sight of him in all of his naked glory had my p*ssy getting slick, ready for him to take me again, sore or not. 

"Woman, I can smell your arousal. Your grandmother knows exactly what happened here last night. You weren't exactly subtle when you screamed my name last night. Hell, I think the whole pack heard you. Not that I'm complaining. I loved every moment of it. I love you." Damon said as he used his large hands to massage the shampoo on my scalp. 

I couldn't help the moan that left my lips, it felt so damn good.

He growled as he spun me around in one swift motion, pressing the front of my body against the cold tiles of the shower, my back facing him. He grabbed both of my wrists in one hand and held them behind my back, the other hand grabbed a handful of my hair as he rubbed his thick c*ck against my back. 

"F*ck Allison, keep making sounds like that and we might never leave this shower." Damon said in a raspy, lust-filled tone. 

I loved the effect I had on him. Hell, he had the same effect on me. I wanted to get him back for his teasing last night, I pushed my butt up firmly against his throbbing c*ck,"Damon." I moaned, knowing damn well what I was doing to him. 

He pulled my hair back towards him, causing my back to arch. My neck was against his lips. His breathing got ragged the more turned on he got. 

I felt his fangs gently touch his mark on my neck, before slowly sinking into it. He then lined himself up at my entrance and thrust his big c*ck all of the way into me in one movement, shoving it as deep as he could into my core. A gasp of both shock and pleasure left my mouth. He pulled his fangs out and licked at his marking spot, before pulling out and thrusting into me again, harder this time. He let go of my wrists and hair, as he pulled almost all of the way out again. I thought he had changed his mind about shower sex, but he then grabbed me by my hips, and thrust into me again, each time harder and faster. He started pumping in and out of me, hitting all of the sweet spots within my body. Just when I thought I was going to reach my climax, he stopped. 

I groaned in annoyance, but then his one hand reached around my front, his fingers finding my clit immediately. He started tracing circles on my clit, while he continued pumping in and out of me at a rough but pleasurable pace. I could feel the knot building in my lower belly, my moans turned into screams as I came undone around his c*ck. Clenching and unclenching as I sprayed my juices. 

I felt his c*ck pulsate as he released inside of me with a groan.

He pulled out of me, the familiar ache returning to my body. I tried to stand but my legs were still shaking violently from my orgasm. Damon noticed this and laughed as he picked me up bridal style, he washed the remaining shampoo from my hair and stepped out of the shower. He gently played me back in bed and wrapped me back up in his arms. The run together could wait, this moment together felt so perfect, and my body felt so sore. I could hear Damon already snoring with no idea how he is able to fall asleep so fast. I decided to try and join him. Some rest might help my body.

A:N/ Hello, what do you think so far? Apologies for the short chapter today. Will try to write two tomorrow. Thank you for your support <3
Changes
Allison POV

I woke up and took in my surroundings. I was still in my bedroom, but the bed beside me was cold and empty. Where had Damon gone? I decided it was time for me to get up anyway. I wanted to start practicing my magic, and learn more about Eve. I also promised her a run earlier before Damon and I got preoccupied. Maybe even start training with the warriors. I refused to ever be helpless again, I wanted to be able to defend myself. Defend the people most important to me. 

I got up out of bed, my body was killing me. Everything ached and felt sore. I went to my closet and grabbed a baby blue sundress. It ended just above my knees, easy enough to strip off for a run, and easy to move around in to practice my magic. I then exited my room and walked down the stairs towards the kitchen in the pack house, I was starving after all of the action between Damon and I. 

I opened the fridge and found some leftover spaghetti. I was too hungry and impatient to heat it up, so I scarfed down the whole container of the cold spaghetti.

I put my dishes in the sink and made my way towards the front door. I checked the clock on the wall and it read 4:05 pm. Wow, I sure slept a lot. 

I exited the house and made my way to the old oak tree. I used to love reading here. It was always so peaceful. 

I walked past the tree and towards the edge of the forest, I slipped my dress off and placed it beside one of the trees. 

Ready Eve? I asked into my mind. I received a howl of excitement in response. Before I knew it, I was shifting into Eve for the first time. 

I had shifted into Aspen many times before I was kidnapped, so I was familiar with the slight pain that came with it. But shifting into Eve, I was hit with a surge of power. 

The shift was completed quickly and there stood Eve. She started running through the forest, no particular direction in mind. Just excited to be out of my body, she drove her nose into a mud puddle before rolling in it. She then kept running around, chasing squirrels and birds. She came up to the familiar stream where I had first met her and Selene. She stopped for a drink and I couldn't help but burst out laughing at our reflection. Her beautiful white fur was caked in mud. 

Eve!! Look at us. I laughed at her.

I was having fun. She chortled back. 

She then jumped into the cool water of the stream, she paddled around before coming out again, vigorously shaking out her wet fur.

Allison! Where are you?! I heard Damon yell down the mindlink, he sounded angry. I realized I should have told him about my plans to go for a run, or invite him like I intended to earlier. I had just forgotten, I was so excited to go. 

I'm coming, I'm sorry. Eve and I went for a run.

We started heading back towards the pack house, I could feel Damon's angry aura the closer I got, nervousness creeping up on me. 

I was just about to get my dress when I saw him standing there holding it in his hands. Sniffing it as if it's the only thing keeping him sane. He noticed me right away, Eve gave me control back and we shifted into human form. I jogged the rest of the way to him. 

"What the hell were you thinking running off like that and not telling anyone?! Lena and I were worried sick about you. We just got you back, Allison, and the first thing you do is take off." He yelled, he was mad, but I could also see the fear in his eyes. 

"I'm so sorry Damon, I didn't mean to worry you both. I was excited about shifting into Eve for the first time, I'm excited to be home. I forgot to tell anyone what I was doing. It won't happen again." Guilt filled my body. I felt awful for causing Damon and Grandma to worry. 

"Just get dressed. Lena is waiting for us in the packhouse." He tossed my dress at me and started to walk away.

I caught it and slipped it on before following. 

The walk to the packhouse was quiet between us, before I broke the silence,"So what happened with Chad. I thought you saw him die?''

He sighed,"I thought I did too. It turns out it was another one of Summer's tricks."

"Oh, well I'm glad he is okay." He didn't say anything after that. I took the hint and walked the rest of the way without saying anything else.

He walked through the doors of the pack house, holding it open for me. Grandma was sitting at the kitchen island.

"Thank goodness you are alright. It gave us quite a scare young lady. Let someone know next time please." Grandma waved her finger at me.

"I'm sorry grams, won't happen again." I looked down. 

"So, I have two things I need to get off of my chest. The first is, I will take you up on your offer, Damon. I would like a house near the pack house. I heard some things I really did not want to last night, involving you two,"She pointed between the two of us,"Now I know that's to be expected with mates, but it doesn't mean I need to hear it. Secondly, Selene paid me a visit. She said we are running out of time to bring all supernaturals together. She said a war is coming if we do not act fast, so we need to practice your magic. She also said there is a lot for you to learn from Eve."

A war? I can't let this happen. I didn't know where to begin in my attempt to bring all supernaturals together in an alliance, but I had to, I would feel completely at fault if a war happened. 

"I will start practicing my magic with you grams, and Eve told me some of her abilities, so we can practice those too. I thought I should also start training with the warriors. I need to be stronger. I can't pull this off if I am weak," I stated.

Damon growled,"You are not training with the warriors, they fight dirty, they have to. It's how they build strength and maintain quick reflexes."

I placed a hand on my hip,"Damon, I wasn't asking you. I am training, I need this. I will not feel helpless ever again."

"Allison, I will train you. I would feel much better if I did it." He said, his tone turning gentle.

"No Damon, I know you will take it easy on me. I really appreciate your offer but I need someone to be hard on me. It's the only way I will learn to properly defend myself."

"Well, why don't we sleep on this and come back to it in the morning," Grams said as she clapped her hands together.

I nodded and headed up to my room. I could hear Damon following close on my heels. 

It's not that I was trying to be unreasonable with him, it's just that I wanted to be prepared for anything. I love Damon, but I know he won't take me down or surprise attack me the way the warriors do. I felt guilty denying his offer. 

I entered my room, Damon followed behind me. I could see in his eyes that he was annoyed, but I didn'r have the energy to argue, the run with Eve tired me out more than I expected it to. But I guess that might be because I hadn't shifted in the past three years. 

"Can we please rest and talk about this in the morning? I am tired." I asked.

He ran his fingers through his hair, wanting to talk more but conflicted on whether he should or not. 

He then stripped himself down to his boxers and climbed into bed. I stripped off my dress and crawled in next to him.

He held me close to him as I could hear his heart rate slow as he fell asleep. It didn't take long before I too drifted off.

 I woke up with a start, feeling sweaty. I got up to splash my face with some cool water. It didn't help so I threw on a bathrobe and headed down to the kitchen. Maybe a snack and a drink of juice would help.

I was about to reach into the pantry when I could hear a voice calling me.

Allison, I'm outside

The voice said into my head, I knew who it was right away, so I walked to the front door and opened it.

"Selene, what are you doing here? I guess I'm dreaming right now?" I asked.

"Yes my dear, I have limited time. Remember when I told you that you would be gifted a second mate?" She asked in her angelic voice.

"Yes," I answered.

"I told you that you could choose to keep both or reject one or the other. But I'm afraid those circumstances have changed."

"What are you talking about, I'm not going to reject Damon if that's where this is going. I love him." I stated in a no-nonsense tone. 

"No, no, my dear. You will not be forced to reject Damon. Quite the opposite actually. You must accept both Damon and your second mate. They will both be your mates, together." Her glowing white eyes bore into mine as I processed this.

"Why must I accept this second mate? What if he is awful?" I questioned.  

"Having two mates will strengthen you and your wolf. I can't go into detail but you will require this strength to bring all supernaturals together, I had a vision of what would happen if you went into this with only one mate. It did not end well. But the vision where you have both mates at your side, has a happy ending. I want you to be able to succeed Allison. If you pull this off, it could be the end of war between all kinds. Peace, after centuries of war. It's for the greater good. I must go now, trust Eve, trust in your grandma and your mates. Goodbye child." She touched my cheek before disappearing. 

I ran up the stairs back to my sleeping body. I had to tell Damon right away.  

I went back into my body and shook Damon awake.

"Allison, are you okay?" He asked, rubbing sleep from his eyes.

"Yes, Selene just visited me."

I explained everything to him that she told me.

He roared,"I will not share you with another man."

"Damon, you have to understand, I don't know what the consequences are if I go against Selene. I trust her." I pleaded with him.

"This is ridiculous, you're okay with having a second man?" I could feel his anger coming off of him in waves, How dare he assume I was okay with this? I had no say in it, I am doing it to help bring peace to all kinds.

I could feel the anger bubbling in my body, I felt like I was on fire. The anger was spiraling out of control. It felt like there was wind picking up in my room. It started shaking the angrier I felt. Damon looked up at me,"Allison, it's okay. I'm sorry. Please, come here. We will sleep it off and talk more tomorrow. I shouldn't have gotten so worked up."

His apology started to calm the wildfire burning within me. The wind in the room and shaking came to a halt. 

I walked up to Damon once, I felt calm and breathed in his scent to maintain this calm.

"Allison, I think we should talk to Lena." Damon whispered.

"Why, what's wrong? I'm sorry, my emotions just got the best of me, and I need to practice my magic more." I said. 

"Go look in the mirror, Allison."

 Damon was acting really weird so I walked over to the bathroom mirror. 

Holy sh*t. 

My hair was completely white, glowing. 

My eyes a piercing blue. What was going on with me?

We are merging into one, Allison. Eve spoke into my mind. 

Come to think of it, the white hair, the blue eyes. It was just like Eve's. 

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far? Please show your support in any way you can! Lots of love <3
Strangled
Allison POV 



My own appearance was becoming that of my wolf. I ran out of the bathroom and looked at Damon, he seemed just about as confused about it as I was.

"Eve said we are merging as one. She is a white wolf with blue eyes. What does this mean, Damon?" I gulped.

"I really don't know Allison, we should go see your grandmother." 

We both quickly put on our clothes we were wearing earlier and made our way to grams room. She was still staying in the Alpha and Luna's room until her house was ready for her.

I knocked on the door and she answered right away, not at all shocked by my new appearance ,"Selene told me you would be paying a visit tonight." She said as she gestured for us to follow her. We all took a seat on the large kingsized bed. I looked at her expectantly, hoping for some answers.

"Did Eve tell you much about these changes?" Grams asked.

"No, she just said we are merging into one," I muttered.

"My dear, Eve is a very special wolf. I believe she told you about some of her gifts. With her being the very first wolf, she has lived a long life, she holds great power. But all good things must eventually come to an end. The moon goddess tied your lives together. You will be the last life that Eve is apart of. With this merge between the two of you, when you die she will too, but she will not come back as another's wolf. She will be gone for good. You will both travel to the afterlife together. But, that is not for a long time yet. You are still young, my dear. You and Eve will live a full life together. Eve was supposed to travel to the afterlife with her last human counterpart, but the moon goddess saw the future, and knew that Eve is the only wolf powerful enough to pull off what is to come." She paused before continuing,"I believe Selene has already filled you in on the mate bond?"

A low rumble came from beside me where Damon was. I knew how he felt about this second mate bond. But it was our reality, we needed to be open and talk about it. I didn't even know who this second mate was supposed to be.

"Yes, she told me I must accept both mates. Having both mates by my side will give me the strength I need to do this, along with basically transforming into Eve.  

"Yes, you must accept this second mate bond, just as you have accepted Damon. Selene told me she saw you and Damon die at the hands of an old warlock, but in her second vision with both mates by your side, you were able to make him submit to you." Grams stated.

"I can protect her, we know about this warlock now. Tell me what he looks like, I'll kill him on sight!" He grumbled.

"Now, now Damon. What would be the point of trying to bring peace to all kinds if you kill this warlock? People will see you as a threat, and therefore Allison as a threat. Everything would go to sh*t and you two would die at the hands of everyone who believed you would make a difference and end the war." She said in a no-nonsense tone.

"Damon, Grams is right. I'm not saying I want a second mate, because to be quite honest, I don't. I love you with all of my heart. I just got you, but this is for the greater good. I would never forgive myself if you died because I chose not to accept this second mate. I want peace for all kinds. I want us to live our happy ever after. Who knows, maybe once this is all said and done, this second mate will decide to reject me and move on with their life. We have no idea what will happen. But what we do know is right now, we need all of the help we can get. We need to find whoever this mate is," I insisted. I could understand where Damon was coming from, I knew why he was upset about this. A mate's natural instinct is to be possessive over their mate. But I hoped that he could see the bigger picture.

"Well you two, I need to get some sleep. I am old and I am damn tired. So, whatever you two need to sort out, it'll have to be in your own room. Goodnight my dears." She ruffled the hair on both of our heads and lay down in bed. We both got up. I could feel how tense Damon was next to me, but he respected Grandma's wishes and kept it to himself. We both said goodnight to Grandma, and made our way to my bedroom. Once in, Damon sighed before saying,"I don't like it, but I understand why it must be done." 

I could understand how hard that must have been for him to agree to, so without adding anything, I closed the gap between us and wrapped his large frame in a hug. Going up on my tiptoes, then tucking my nose into his neck, breathing in his scent really helped calm my nerves about this whole situation. 

"I love you so much Damon." I whispered into his neck. 

He gently picked me up, I wrapped my legs around him and he lay me on the bed. His entire massive body covering my small build.

He lifted his head and his brilliant hazel eyes met with my now electric blue eyes.

"I love you Allison." He placed a gentle peck on my lips and rolled off of me to lay beside me. He pulled me on top of him and started gently stroking my hair. 

I fell asleep in his embrace with the feeling of him playing with my hair. I felt safe. 



I felt a cold hand grip my arm and roughly yank me from my mate. Damon woke up in an instant and growled. I whipped my head each way trying to see who grabbed me, but saw nothing.

Damon went to jump up from the bed, his body was then thrown violently against the wall. His arms and legs twisted in the wrong directions. 

"DAMON!!!" I yelled. I tried to fight the cold grip holding me in place but found it getting stronger. 

"That will be enough out of you, Allison." It was an old voice that spoke, rough, but sounded like a woman. 

"Who are you?" I said. I hoped one of my powers would surface. I needed to get to my mate. I tried focusing on this stranger being thrown against the wall. I put every last ounce of thought into it. 

"You have nothing on me, I have been mastering the craft of magic for centuries. You will not be able to kill me." The voice cackled, this time right next to my ear. I turned my head and was met with what felt like a brick wall to the face. I gasped, I could feel the familiar flame rising up my body, I could feel myself heating up. 

"I see introductions will have to wait then. Hold still, this will only hurt for a second," she said. 

I felt my airways crushed, as if someone was strangling me. I gasped and grabbed at my neck but no hands were there, I was trying to get any small breath I could into my body, but they were crushed tightly. No air getting in or out. I could feel the darkness creeping in, "I could have just spelled you to sleep but this was much more fun" Came the voice right before I passed out.     

A:N/Hello readers, hope you are enjoying so far. Sorry I missed the update last night and night before, my children and I have been under the weather lately. Hoping to update again tonight to make up for my absence. Thank you!
Again?
Allison POV

###chapter 17

I woke up coughing, my throat sore and felt raw. I can't believe I've only been home a few nights and I got f*cking kidnaped again. 

I took in my surroundings. It was a cell similar to the one Summer had me in, only this one had wider bars, and a glow around it, as if they had strong electric currents flowing through them. I had touched electric fences as a kid when we had horses. I knew better than to touch these damn bars.

The cell was made up of concrete walls and floors matching the last one. 

Eve, do you know where we are? 

No answer, whoever took me must have given me wolfsbane. The situation is all too familiar from what I just went through. 

I got up and walked around, the only thing lighting it was the power radiating off of the cell bars. I didn't dare get too close, not wanting to get hurt. Without Eve right now, I wouldn't be able to heal quickly. 

I heard two sets of steps heading my way, one heavy and one light. 

For some reason, I didn't feel scared. If anything, I felt annoyed to find myself in this situation again. 

I made sure my stance was confident, preparing for whoever was nearing my cell. 

"Oh good, you're awake." The same old, rough voice from earlier. 

She was a small old woman, frail looking. With long gray knotted hair, wrinkly pale skin, and sunken brown eyes.

The man next to her, though, was a sight. I felt guilty for the thoughts that came to mind when I laid eyes on him. 

He was tall, as tall as Damon. Built like a big biker, full of tattooed arms, chunky gold rings on his fingers, he wore a fitted black dress shirt, his muscles threatening to break free with his every subtle movement, he had on fitted black dress pants to match, that showed off very clearly how big his man hood was. I blushed, realizing I was staring at his junk. What is going on with me? I'm locked in a cell, I already have a mate. But yet here I am thinking some very dirty thoughts about this sexy stranger.

I looked up to meet his eyes. They were sea green, gorgeous eyes that stood out against his jet-black hair and mocha skin. He had a perfectly chiseled face as if carved out by the goddess herself. His full lips tugged into a grin, knowing he had caught me checking him out. 

"Well, I suppose I can introduce myself now. I'm sure you're wondering why I am here, Allison. I am Lucy Hunt. Summer was my great times about 100, grandaughter. I am here to finish what she apparently couldn't. How am I alive is probably what you are wondering. I have been feeding on the strongest supernatural children for centuries. I hope you have now pieced together why I am here now," Lucy said. Well, this did make more sense now. But I was not about to get pregnant for her twisted purposes.

"Then who is he and why is he here?" Curiousity killed the cat, knowing his name wouldn't hurt anyone, right?

"He will be who impregnates you for my ritual. He is a very powerful supernatural. Together you will  create strong offspring for me to bleed." She cackled.  

"What are you?" I asked. 

"I'm Raidon, I am a shifter of sorts." His deep, rough tone answered. The voice so gravely my body instantly reacted with goosebumps, my heart fluttering.

"What kind of shifter?" I couldn't help myself.

"I can turn between a dragon, a wolf and my human form,"

"That's enough chitchat, Allison. As much as I would love to torture you, I actually need you in good health for this ritual. So Raidon, here will bring you some food. I must be going now." She spoke as she walked away. 

Allison? Raidons' sexy voice spoke into my mind.

I hope you know there is no chance in hell you are going to get me pregnant. I snapped back. 

Allison, the moon goddess, told me you would be here. I plan on getting you out. I offered myself to the witch, knowing that she would want to use me for my powerful genes. It's a trick to get you out, but we must be careful and only talk through the link. She is smart and very careful. 

Yeah well, I thought Summer was smart too and I beheaded her. Why the hell are you helping me anyway?

Because I am your mate, Allison.

This confession sure got a reaction out of me. My eyes went wide with realization. Of course, that explained the attraction I had towards him. He was my second mate. I wouldn't have recognized him because Eve is asleep in my mind. 

Did she take Damon too?

Who's Damon?

Ah hell, Selene didn't tell you. I already have a mate. But I have to accept you as my second mate. Something about the two of you fueling me with enough power to fulfill the prophecy, yada yada. Anyways, I really just want to spend a night in my bed, completely undisturbed. So how am I getting out of here?

You have another mate? He roared down the link, I could feel the anger rolling off of him. He must be an alpha of sorts. Only alphas could let off this much power with their emotions. Why were they so damn possessive? All of this was out of my control but I am the one who has to sit here and listen to jealous alphas complain about two mates. What about what I want? I didn't ask for any of this, selfish to say it, I know. But I'm locked in a cell for a second time and I am feeling rather irritated. 

He didn't say another word before storming off down the hall. It should be interesting when him and Damon meet, two possessive alphas as my mates, yay me. I'm going to get the hell out of this cell and Lucy will suffer the same fate as Summer. I sat down. I needed Eve if I was going to pull this escape plan off. I had no idea if I for sure had Raidon's help or not, so I would just have to figure this out on my own. 

Allison?

Eve, thank goodness. Can you help get us out of here?

The cell is enchanted, I'm not sure with what. You have to touch it, we need to know what kind of power we are dealing with.

Touch it, are you nuts?

Please, Allison, trust me, I can heal you now that I'm awake. 

I huffed in annoyance. I really didn't want to do this but Eve was right, we needed to figure out what kind of power was holding us in. 

I got up, pulled my shoulders back. I stormed to the cell, sucked in a breath and closed my eyes while I reached my hand up towards the bars. I cringed, worried about what power was about to hit me. 

I jumped when I felt a cool metal under my hand. I slowly opened my eyes. My hand was touching the metal. My hand held the same glow that the bars did. What the hell? I reached my second hand up and the same thing happened. 

Eve, what does this mean?

It's a trick, Allison, she needs you alive. The power she used wasn't to hurt you, but to make you think it would hurt you.  

A:N/ Hello lovely readers, what do you think so far?
Escape
Allison POV

###chapter 18

I slowly backed away from the bar, I didn't want to chance Lucy finding out that I knew. I needed to come up with a plan. Even if I was able to escape the cell, how powerful was Lucy if I ran into her? She was centuries old, she had tons of experience on me. I have only just started using my magic. If I had to fight her, what if I ended up passing out again? 

I have an idea, Allison, you're not going to like it though.

What is it Eve?

We need to mate and mark Raidon. It will strengthen both of you, enough that, together and with my abilities, we might be able to escape. 

Are you insane?! I am not marking and mating him, I just met him?! Damon will lose it if I come back marked and mated. How did you even know Raidon's name? 

Damon will understand. Please trust me, Allison. I was sedated, but I could still hear the conversation with him. I could also hear your thoughts on his body, she snickered. 

I do trust you Eve, but this seems crazy. If we are so powerful, why can't we escape without mating him?

We are strong, but Lucy is powerful and has had a lot of practice. We are strongest with our mates. 

How will I even pull off marking and mating him?

We need Lucy to believe that you are agreeing to provide her with a child in return for your escape. It would be risky. The ritual she plans to perform will speed up the process of your pregnancy. You'll be pregnant for a day or two at most. So once you are marked and mated, you both need to work fast to escape. 

I'm not ready to be pregnant Eve! Damon would reject me if I were to come home pregnant with another man's baby. I couldn't do that to him. 

That's just the thing, Allison, it wouldn't just be Raidon's baby. It would be Damon's too.

What are you talking about?

You and Damon have already marked and mated, and he didn't exactly have a good pull out game afterwards. If this ritual is performed with Raidon, Damon's seed is still inside of you, the baby would be both of theirs. 

You're insane. 

A little, but this is the only way. 

This all felt like a bad idea, but I did trust Eve. So I would do what needed to be done. 

As I was pondering what to do, I heard heavy footsteps coming towards me, along with the intoxicating smell of citrus and cedar. 

Raidon approached my cell, our eyes clashing and in unison we both said "MATE!". 

Now that Eve was awake, I could recognize him as my mate. So he was telling the truth.

"Listen, Allison. I'm sorry I stormed out of here. It was just a lot to take in. I brought you a sandwich.." He handed the sandwich through the cell,. It seemed he already knew they weren't actually powered. I took it, grateful to have some food. 

Thank you, I know how to get us out of here. 

What do you mean?

We will go through with the ritual, agree to provide her with a child to use. But if we mark and mate each other, we will be strong enough to escape her. 

I don't know, she can read people well, Allison. She has this place heavily guarded. She only allows me to come here and back. Besides that, she has me in a cell across the house.

Just trust me. Tell her we will perform the ritual. 

Okay, if you say so. I have to go now. I'll be seeing you soon Ali. 

With that, he walked away. I had an idea, but I would need to practice it. 

Eve, if we turn invisible, can we turn others invisible too?

We can if we practice together. 

For the next few hours, Eve and I practiced turning invisible. Careful not to get caught by Lucy. 

Even though Eve had already mastered all of her powers, she explained that with each human counterpart she has, it is like relearning it all over again. The human and wolf parts need to move in sync when using these powers, otherwise they don't work. 

We stopped practicing the moment we heard light footsteps making their way towards us. I stood next to the bars. Careful not to touch them, so she thought I was still under the impression that they would hurt me. 

"I heard you were willing to perform the ritual?" Lucy asked.

"Yes, I am ready. I will do it in exchange for our freedom," I stated.

"Deal, let's get you ready then." She waved her hand and the cell door opened, the light around it turned off. I was not expecting to do this so soon. I could feel my confidence wavering. 

I hesitantly followed her, we walked down a hallway and reached a heavy wooden door. She waved it open. We entered a second area with one single cell. Raidon was in there. She waved his cell door open. He immediately got up and followed, giving me a quizzical look.

She led us down a hallway that had large wooden doors down each side. She stopped at the last door and waved that one open. We followed her inside and it was a large bedroom. A king-sized bed in the center, large bookshelves covered the walls. There was a window but it had bars covering it, holding the same glow as my cell. 

She pulled up a rocking chair from the corner and sat in it,"Well, you two can get to work. I'll be here. Now, Raidon, you must plant your seed inside of her. There will be no marking. If either of you attempts it, I will kill you both.

Shit. We needed to mark each other, we both shared a look. This might not work after all. 

"What are you just going to watch us?" I snapped, trying to figure out what we would do if we couldn't mark eachother. 

"Yes, I need to make sure that the ritual starts the second he finishes, otherwise it won't work. I also need to make sure you don't mark each other." She leaned back in her chair, making it clear she wasn't going anywhere ,"If you don't start in the next minute, I will kill him anyway. I don't actually need him alive for this, it's just more entertaining this way."

Panicked, I awkwardly climbed onto the bed, Raidon copying my every movement. 

I pull him close to me, my arms wrapping around his neck, my hands finding their way into his hair. Our eyes met, then his traveled to my lips. I leaned in, our lips clashing together, as sparks filled my body. A warm, tingling sensation in my lower belly as my panties became immediately wet. We kissed slowly and passionately. I reached for the buttons on his shirt, and started unbuttoning each one, taking my time. He brought his large hands to my waist, gently caressing my stomach.

He reached for my shirt as his tongue found it's way inside of my mouth. 

Our tongues played together, while we stripped each other's shirts off. His body a mix of tattoos and muscles.

I reached for his dress pants, I unbuttoned them and found the zipper pulling it down, I could already feel his bulge fighting to escape. It felt like it was just us in the room. I knew Lucy was there but it didn't matter in the moment, all I could see was him. 

I broke the kiss and quickly slid off my pajamas and panties. Leaving myself completely bare. My nipples were hard under his gaze. He too slipped off his pants and boxers, a giant erection springing free. I gulped at the size. 

We embraced each other again. I played on the bed as he climbed over me. I looked down, a bead of pre-cum formed on his tip. 

He lowered himself onto me, and looked at me. Waiting for permission, I nodded. Feeling nervous. 

He lined himself up as he went in for another kiss. I could feel his tip touching my entrance. He took his time, and slowly pushed his large member into me. I could feel myself being stretched to the maximum. 

I took in a sharp breath as he was in me completely. He didn't move for a moment, letting me adjust. 

Are you okay? He asked through the link.

Yes, what are we going to do if we can't mark each other?

We will have to find another way, love.

I blushed at his nickname. He then started pumping into me, slowly at first. Then, picking up the pace, moans escaped me as I was hit with intense pleasure with every thrust he drove into me. I could hear grunts of satisfaction coming from him, he kissed me hard and sloppy on the lips. I returned the kiss, hungry for each other. I could feel the orgasm building within me. My core gripping him tighter, I felt a gush escape me as I came. I screamed his name as my nails dug into his back, my body shaking with pleasure as my back arched. He groaned and I felt him grow within me, his cum spilling inside of me. 

I could hear the witch clapping, clearly happy with the show. She then started chanting something in a foreign language. I gasped as I felt my stomach growing at a painful rate. Raidon was still inside of me. He too looked shocked. 

All of a sudden, the door flew off of the hinges, shocking everyone in the room. We all froze just when the familiar scent hit me. 

Damon stormed into the room, growling, he looked ready to rip Raidon to pieces. 

"WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!" Damon yelled. Shaking the entire room.    

A:N/ Hello readers, what do you think so far? Please show any support you can! Lots of love <3
Betrayal
Damon POV



I had woken up to Allison being ripped from my grip. I was up in a flash. I growled, warning off whoever dare disturb us. I could see the fear in Allison's eyes. But saw no one around her. I went to jump up from the bed but found myself being thrown by an invisible force. In an instant, the whole world turned black as I heard my mate scream my name. We couldn't catch a f*cking break, could we?



I woke up to Lena shaking my shoulders violently.

"Damon! Damon! Please wake up, someone's taken Allison!" She pleaded to me. 

I groaned and tried to sit up, but my entire body was on fire. I winced as the pain coursed through my body, defeated, I lay there. I felt so powerless. What kind of Alpha has his mate kidnipped twice?

Chad, Allison has been taken. I need an immediate search party. 

WHAT?! Yes, right away.

 "A search party will be organized. Could you do a locator spell?" I asked Lena.  

"Yes, I need something of hers. Now that I have a closer connection to her, it'll be easier to find her. Are you okay? What happened?" She threw questions my way, with good reason. She just got Allison, and she was taken again right from under our noses. 

"I honestly don't understand what happened. One moment we were sleeping, the next Allison was ripped out of bed, but the weird thing is, is that I couldn't see anyone. But I could tell from the fear in Allison's eyes that there was someone here. I tried to help her but I was thrown against the wall before I must have passed out. I don't know who or what took her, they didn't have a scent, or they are masking it somehow." I forced myself to get up, I held my breath as I tried not to scream in agony. My body truly felt horrible. What could throw someone of my size with such force and so easily at that? I put my hands on the floor and pushed myself up into a standing position. It was painful as all hell, but I needed to find Allison. 

"No smell, threw you against the wall and you couldn't see them?" She confirmed. 

"Yes."

"I have a reveal spell, I might be able to uncover who is behind this." Lena then rushed out of the room. 

I tried to follow but found my body weak. I held onto the bed for support.

Lena came back a moment later with a large book in her hands. 

"Sit down, I can heal you." I obeyed and sat on the bed. Welcoming the comfort that resting my body gave me. 

She then pulled some kind of plant out of her pocket, and started to sprinkle it over my body. She then started chanting in a foreign language, and the plants along my body lit up. I felt my pain easing awake and noticed the plants shriveling and dying around me. 

Soon, my pain was completely gone.

"Thank you, how did you do that?" I inquired. 

"I am not a healer, but I can put someone's pain into something else living, like those plants. You were in so much pain that they wilted and died. Now, I need something of Allison's, we will try the locator spell."   

I got up as Lena grabbed some candles from around the room and placed them in a circle on the floor. I found one of Allison's favorite books on her dresser. She used to read this book over and over again. I handed it to Lena. 

She took it and sat down, "I will need one of your hands, you are connected to her too." 

I placed my hand in hers, and she placed her opposite hand on the book. Her swaying began as she chanted. The room getting windy, the furniture shaking as Lena shouted her chants. I looked at the wall, as if being played by a movie projector. An image appeared on it. It was Allison, in a cell again. She didn't look scared, she was holding her own, talking to a man and a small woman. The woman looked to be very old. I looked at Lena, but her eyes were completely white. I realized this image was being played through her eyes.

She gasped and the entire room went completely still. 

"What is it? Do you know where she is?" I asked. 

"I can't believe my eyes, I was always told she was dead. This isn't good at all, no, no no, dammit" Lena muttered to herself.

"Lena, what is going on?" I panicked. 

"Lucy Hunt, Lucy Hunt is still alive. She was supposed to have died decades ago." She sighed in disbelief. 

"Oh shit, what are we going to do?" 

I didn't waste any time, I got up from the bed and went straight to the pack boardroom, knowing that was where Chad would be organizing the search party. 

I opened up the door, the room was filled with warriors alongside Chad and Leroy. 

"We know who took her, Leroy, I need you to look into any homes under the name Lucy Hunt. It's most likely not the cabin, so for now we will rule that place out. We are going to need more people. It's not going to be easy to get Allison back. We need to be strategic," I instructed. 

Half an hour was spent organizing more people together. In total, we had 200 warriors prepped for battle.

Leroy had found multiple properties under Lucy's name, but the one that stuck out to me was the brick mansion-style house. Something about it was almost calling my name, like I was drawn to it. 

"This is the place." I pointed to the mansion on the screen. 

"We will have to scout the area first, figure out how many guards there are, what their shifts look like. What do you think, Damon?" Chad asked. 

"I think you and I scout, the rest of the warriors stay close, but not so close that they can scent you all out. Chad, you and I are going to mask our smells. Let's move out." Chad and I led everyone out of the packhouse.

Lena was waiting outside for us,"I want to go, but I wouldn't be able to live with myself if someone got killed while looking out for me. Now I have a potion for you and Chad. I overheard your plan. This will mask your scent entirely for an hour, it'll kick in the moment you drink it."

I sighed with relief, thankful I didn't have to argue with her to convince her to stay. Chad took the bottle and placed it into his bag. 

"Thank you Lena, I promise we will get her back." I genuinely meant it, I would do anything to get Allison back. 

"Do me another favor and kill that b*tch Lucy while you're at it." She snarled, angry that her granddaughter was taken again. 

I chuckled, I could see where Allison got her sassy side from,"Of course," I replied. 

With that we were off, we decided to travel in wolf form to get there faster. The warriors all ran half a mile behind Chad and I. 

After an hour of running, we knew we were getting close. Chad and I shifted and I sent out a mind-link to all the warriors that traveled with us. 

Stop here, stay alert and wait for direction.

Chad and I both shifted into our human form, retrieving our clothes from his bag. Then we both drank out of the potion bottle. 

I sniffed the air, making sure it worked. I couldn't scent Chad at all, just as Lena said, it had kicked in instantly. 

We both walked quietly towards the large bushes that surrounded the entire property. We walked into the bushes, being sure not to make a sound. 

We stood at the edge of the bush. We could see the mansion clearly from this point. We watched as guards walked around the outside of the house. 

After watching for 45 minutes, we picked up on their routine. 

The guards switched positions every 15 minutes on the dot. There were ten guards out front, ten out back, and 3 on each side. 

Our biggest mystery was how many guards awaited us inside.

I want to keep this as quiet as possible. We have no idea how many are inside, but we can say for sure how many are outside. I want to take them out with bows. We need to move fast because they will smell everyone. We need ten archers out front, ten out back and three on each side. I want two warriors per archer to protect them while they take out their targets. The moment you take out the outdoor guards, I want all the warriors surrounding the house. Chad and I are going inside. When I send the all clear, I want twenty warriors to enter the house, you will travel in form as one. Let's move.

We came prepared, every warrior had brought a bag with the weapon they did best with. We had archers, we had some that could fight with swords, and others that brought snipers. We wanted to be as quiet as possible, so right now archers were our most silent choice. 

Chad and I moved undetected across the lawn, hiding behind the decorative bushes as we moved. Taking advantage of our last fifteen minutes of being scentless. 

We waited behind a large fountain while the archers took out the outdoor guards, not wanting to give them a chance to signal others that there was a threat. We entered the mansion, and it seemed empty, except for the smell of my mate. I couldn't help myself. I started to run, following her delicious smell. I didn't care who was in my way, I would kill them instantly. 

I could hear Chad close on my heels. I stopped dead in my tracks, I heard a scream, Allison's scream. I took off, running at wolf speed. I stopped at the door where her scent was strongest. I kicked it straight off of the hinges. 

I stormed into the room and what I saw next shocked me. 

Allison, with another man inside of her. All I could see was red, I wanted to rip that f*cker to shreds. I was so angry I didn't even notice the witch in the room, she looked just as shocked to see me. I yelled. I couldn't believe my eyes. 

Just when I didn't think it could get any worse, Allison marked him and he began to mark her. Before he could finish marking her, I ran to them. I ripped him off of her. How could she do this to me? 

I gripped his throat tightly, ready to break his neck. 

I heard a choking sound coming from the bed. I dropped the man immediately. The witch had Allison with a knife to her neck. 

"Make another move and I will kill her." She pushed the knife into her neck, enough to draw blood to prove her point. 

Allison looked at me with guilty eyes. 

I will explain everything once we get out of here. Don't kill him Damon, please trust me. I love you. 

Allison pleaded into my mind. 

I wanted so badly to leave her here with this man, but I would never. I loved her no matter what. This cut deep but I would never leave my Allison in danger.    

A:N/ Hello readers, going to start updating every other night. I'm working on my degree right now, so between having 3 babies and school I've been crazy busy, I will make sure to keep up with this story. Hope you are enjoying so far. 
Understand
Allison POV

###chapter 19

I could feel the betrayal radiating off of Damon's body. He looked at me with a mix of disgust and sadness. I felt guilty, so incredibly guilty. I can only imagine how heartbroken this sight makes him. With his entrance, the witch was distracted. I knew that this might be our only opportunity to escape. I knew that Damon wasn't going to like this plan one bit either. 

Quick, we need to mark each other. He is my other mate, with both of you here. If we mark each other, I will be powerful enough to bring the witch down. 

I didn't wait another second. I marked Raidon and he immediately marked me in return. The feeling was just as euphoric as when Damon and I did it. I could feel Raidon's emotions turn into my own as we became one. All of a sudden, a growl sounded from next to us as Damon ripped Raidon off of me and held him by the throat. I could see the pain in his eyes, I could feel his pain washing over me through our bond. I felt horrible for being the reason for his pain, but following what the moon goddess had told me, I knew that I would be the strongest, marked and mated by both of my mates with them by my side. I could unlock my full potential to get us all out of here. 

The witch was on me in a second, a knife stuck to my neck. I could feel it digging into me with each movement I made. I choked as the blade pushed against my windpipe. Damon noticed instantly and dropped Raidon. 

"Make another move and I will kill her" the nasty witch spoke as she pushed the blade hard enough to draw blood. 

My eyes met Damon, my guilt flooding through to him. I promised to explain everything to him once we were safe. I asked him not to kill Raidon. I told him I loved him. I would always love this man, he was so good to me and I had hurt him in the worst of ways. 

I could see the hesitation in his eyes, but I knew Damon. I knew he wouldn't leave, he was a loyal man. He would fight to the death for the people he loved.

"Whatever you want, I'll get it for you. Just please let her go," Damon pleaded. 

"She is the only one that can give me what I want. Now, leave now with your life or die now. The process has already started. She is pregnant. She will bear a child for me in one to two days, then I will kill her and I will kill this child." She cackled. 

I felt furiously protective, not only of my mates, but of my now growing child. It's like I instantly had motherly instincts. 

A growl escaped me, I would feel Eve pushing forward, we were both in control now. 

"TOUCH MY CHILD AND I WILL KILL YOU!" I warned, but the voice was not my own. The same loud goddess's voice returned as I felt my protectiveness over my child increase. I could feel my body heating up, a bright light creeping its way across my skin. 

"What are you?" I heard the witch ask.

"YOU'RE WORST NIGHTMARE!" I shouted, and the entire room was filled with a bright light, and it felt as if an explosion went off in the room. 

Everyone was thrown against the walls; the witch, Damon and Raidon. But I remained untouched. 

Just then Chad came running into the room. He must have been waiting there. He ran to me and, once realizing I was okay, ran to Damon. 

The witch was up in an instant, she started chanting and a ball of electricity formed in between her hands. Her eyes were rolled back, showing only the whites of them. She threw the ball of electricity towards me but it bounced off an invisible barrier surrounding me, one I didn't realize was there. 

Her eyes turned normal, she proceeded to chant again as she walked towards Raidon, she raised her hand at him, and he was forced flat down on the floor as if being forced down by a ton of bricks. He grunted as he fought against her. 

I could see blood coming from his nose and ears as if he was being flattened. 

Fear filled me, his fear. I screamed an ear-piercing scream, windows shattered. The room was shaking violently, Chad, Damon were holding the wall to balance themselves, Raidon was lying still on the floor. I stared at him for a moment, hurt to see my mate in that condition. I could hear his heart beating but it was faint. I turned my attention towards the witch, as my sadness was quickly replaced with rage. 

"I will kill that baby of yours, all it takes is a few words and poof. Gone. I will find another way to do the ritual." She threatened. 

Eve laughed within me, not a laugh of joy. It was deep, demonic, so scary it shocked even me.

"NEVER!" Eve yelled through me as a surge of power exited my body and smashed into the witch with full force. She blew into a million pieces, blood splattered everyone in the room and coated the walls.

I could feel her blood soaking my body, but it didn't scare me. In fact, I felt a deep satisfaction. 

I looked down at my belly, it had already grown in this short time. I already looked 4 months pregnant. I rubbed my belly and smiled, I couldn't wait to meet my little one. 

I walked over to Raidon and stroked his cheek, a light passed from my hand into him. He slowly opened his eyes, they lit up when they met mine. I couldn't deny the butterflies I felt when he gave me that look. He coughed and I helped him sit up. 

Damon growled from behind me. I got up from my place and walked over to where he and Chad were standing. I stared into Damon's eyes, butterflies dancing in my stomach once again. 

I knew that it would be a difficult path ahead to get these men to accept each other and this strange situation we have been stuck in. But I knew that we would make it through. I pulled Damon in for a slow kiss. He hesitated at first, but then gave in to it. It was passionate as our lips moved together. I could feel his relief flooding through our bond. 

I pulled away,"Let's go home." I gestured to Raidon to follow us. He got up and stood next to me, Damon stood on my other side. I grabbed both of their hands and together we exited. 

"Damon, you must know. This baby belongs to both of you. It carries both of your DNA." I looked up at him to see his reaction, it was a mix of happiness and worry. 

"I'm going to be a dad?" He asked. 

"Yes, you both are. But I may be giving birth between today and tomorrow. We must hurry. We have lots to prepare." 

We walked home. I didn't want to risk shifting while this far along, so we stayed in human form, warriors surrounded us for the walk. Damon offered to call a car but I refused. I wanted to enjoy the peace of being free.

A:N/ Hello readers, apologies for not updating for awhile. I have been dealing with a lot at home. My 8 month old had a medical emergency so it has been hard to keep up with everything. I will do my best to be regular on my updating again. Let me know what you think, thank you
Trigger Warning!
T:W this chapter talks of child loss. 



Allison POV



We made it back to the pack house and after greeting the pack and hugging my grandmother and telling her I would explain everything tomorrow, I decided I needed to turn in. I felt completely drained and my back was killing me. It felt like 1000 tiny knives were stabbing into it, no matter how I sat or stood, it hurt. 

"I need to go lie down, I don't have the energy to argue over sleeping arrangements with you both, so please figure it out without fighting." I said to Damon and Raidon as I made my way up the stairs. I could hear them both huff in annoyance, but neither one dared to argue with me. 

I stripped my clothes and crawled into bed. Raidon crawled in on my left and Damon on my right. I have to admit, there was something incredibly comforting about having both of my mates next to me. 

With the scent of my mates filling my nose, I drifted off into a deep sleep. 



I woke up as agonizing pain shot through my body. I let out a shrill scream as my back and legs shook from the pain. 

Damon and Raidon both jumped up, ready to fight whatever threat was around. They soon realized what was going on. 

"What do you want us to do?" Raidon asked, panic filling his tone. They could both feel my pain through the bond. 

"Get my grandmother, she will know what to do!" I screamed, as I was hit with another wave of pain. 

Damon ran out of the room to retrieve her. 

I could feel sweat beading on my forehead, I felt a large gush in between my legs. I was excited but also terrified. I had had no time to prepare for this. Was I even ready to be a mother?

"Take my shorts and underwear off, quick. I think my water just broke, the baby should come soon!" I yelled at Raidon. 

 He obeyed and pulled my clothes off for me. 

He looked up at me with fear-stricken eyes. 

"What, what is it?" I asked. 

He didn't answer me, but I could feel the worry through our bond, I sat up and looked in between my legs. There was a huge pool of blood soaking my sheets. 

My grandmother rushed in with Damon on her heels. They both gasped when they saw the amount of blood on the bed. 

I could feel something off by the way my grandmother looked at me. 

I felt the most powerful urge to push rush over me. I spread my legs and flung my head back as I screamed and pushed with everything I had. I could feel my body ripping open as my baby began its way out.

Damon and Raidon each took a leg and held them up for me, while grandma stood in between my legs waiting to catch my baby. 

I pushed again as grandma yelled, "I see a head! Keep pushing!"

I pushed again as my baby ripped through me. It felt like my entire body was on fire, I could feel my baby exit my body. I waited as grandma wrapped my baby in a blanket. 

I didn't hear any crying,"Why isn't my baby crying?" I half screamed.

Grandma got to work, patting my baby's back and bum, she lay my baby on the bed and began counting as she did compressions. She blew into my baby's mouth and began counting again. 

It felt like an eternity had gone by before the room had completely fallen silent.

My heart fell into my stomach, I felt like puking. I felt like screaming, the pain felt unbearable. This pain was worse than giving birth, it was the worst pain I have ever felt. I would rather die a million times over than feel this pain ever again.  

She looked at me with tear-filled eyes, "I'm sorry my girl."

I scooped my baby up from the bed, I held on to the tiny bundle in my arms.

I began rocking my baby, humming a soft tune while tears rolled slowly down my face. 

"What is the gender?" I quietly asked grandma. 

"A baby girl." She whispered, her voice cracking with pain. 

Eve was curled up in the back of my mind, she was whimpering in grief just as hurt as I am. 

"Her name is Aspen-Eve," I stated as I continued rocking my sweet little girl.

Damon and Raidon stood on each side of me. I noticed they both had tear-stained cheeks.

"Can I be alone please?" I whispered. 

Everyone left the room in silence. It was just me and my little baby girl. 

She was beautiful, she had such a tiny body, she couldn't have weighed more than 3 pounds.

Her pitch black hair slicked against her head as she was still covered in a mix of amniotic fluid and blood. 

I lay there with her in my arms for hours. I could see the sun starting to rise as a soft knock came at my door. 

"Come in," I said in a hushed tone. 

Grandma walked in and sat on the bed next to me. 

"I hate to be the one to tell you this, Allison, but eventually we have to take her and have her prepped for a funeral. I don't want you to witness the decay of her body, my dear. I'm sorry. " She said while looking down at her hands.  

I looked at her in confusion,"What do you mean decay? She is a healthy baby girl. She's just sleeping. I hummed to her all night, she is such a calm and quiet baby grams." I whispered so as not to wake my little Aspen-Eve. 

"Allison? I'm sorry, she is gone. I believe she must have passed away not too long after the witch Lucy was killed. After a witch dies, any spell she casts is void, and I think that is what happened here. I am so sorry, Allison."She reached to put a hand on my arm, I quickly pulled away. "No, you are wrong, she is right here in front of me. I know that my baby is okay. You are trying to take her from me. GET OUT!" I shouted as I could feel heat begin to flow through my body. I quickly pushed the feeling away, not wanting to hurt my baby. 

I couldn't believe my grandma would try to take her from me. What was she thinking?    

A:N Hello lovely readers, I want to apologize for the delay in updates. I recently suffered a miscarriage. This wasn't originally what I had planned for this chapter but with this recent event I needed to write about the pain I was feeling. I hope to try and ease back into my writing. I will do my best to communicate with you all. Thank you for sticking around <3 wishing you all the best.
Aspen-Eve
Damon POV



My heart was shattered into a million pieces, my sweet little baby, gone before any of us could know her. Aspen-Eve, Allison had picked the most beautiful name for her. I tried to hold it together. For my Allison. I knew she needed me to be strong right now, but trying to be strong when it feels like your entire world just came crashing down around you, feels damn near impossible. How am I supposed to be strong? 

Allison asked us to leave her alone. I didn't want to, I wanted to lie with her and stroke my baby girl's hair on her tiny head, comfort Allison. But this wasn't the time to argue. I lost a piece of myself, but Allison lost the most. She needed this time to mourn.

We left the room but didn't dare go far. Raidon and I each sat down on either side of her doorway. Neither of us said a word.

Lena came out and kneeled down in front of me,"I'm so sorry child." Was all she said as she pulled me in for a hug, and did the same to Raidon.

Lena had tears in her eyes, threatening to fall, but she was a strong woman, she held them in. I could tell she wanted to cry more than anything. She sat on the floor across from us,"We need to give her time to be with her baby, then you can both say goodbye, we will need to plan a funeral." Lena whispered as she played with her hands. 

Raidon and I nodded but didn't add anything. I feared if I spoke I would break-down completely.

Hours went by, we knew that we needed to say our goodbyes soon before our baby started to decompose. The thought of it broke my heart all over again. Lena offered to be the one to go in and talk to her. Raidon and I stood up but waited on the other side of the door. We both wanted to hold our baby before she was taken away from us forever.

We heard Allison yell at Lena to get out. We both came running through the door, but Lena gave us a broken look and pointed at us to leave. 

Lena followed us out and quietly shut the door, "I'm afraid she believes her baby is alive. If we leave Aspen-Eve there much longer, the decomposition will begin. We need to turn her room to as cold as we can, freezing temperatures if possible. Allison's wolf will keep her warm enough. But it will slow down the decomposition process long enough that we might be able to talk to Allison, help her understand what happened, without forcing her baby out of her arms. It will not be easy but you both need to hold it together and comfort her. If we have to take her baby away by force, she will never forgive us, it will scar her for life. She doesn't want to see me right now, so you both must go." 

I went straight to the temperature dial for Allison's room and turned it completely off, while engaging the air conditioning to the coldest it would go. Raidon and I entered her room slowly. 

Allison clutched Aspen-Eve closer to her and let out a low warning growl. 

"Allison, we are not here to hurt you or our baby. We promise. We just wanted to hold her if that's okay with you?" I asked cautiously as I walked closer to her bed. 

She looked between Raidon and I and then back at our baby as if thinking for a moment about whether she trusted us or not. There was a look in her eyes when she looked at Aspen-Eve, a look I had never seen in her before. It was full of love but not the same look of love she gives me. This kind is different. The love of a mother.

It was hard seeing Allison this way, the way she is protecting our daughter. I know that she will be an amazing mother. I just wish her time with our daughter didn't have to be cut so short. Why was the world so cruel? A little baby did nothing to deserve such a short life. I felt tears prick my eyes and had to quickly push these thoughts away. 

Allison looked up at me again and held my gaze before speaking,"You promise you won't take her away from me? She is mine. My grandmother tried to take her away and I will not allow this. I will raise my baby girl with or without you two, so do you promise not to take her away from me?" Her voice was so low, it was a threat, one that I knew she meant. I didn't know how to answer. I didn't want to make a promise that I knew we couldn't keep, she would hate us forever, she would never forgive us. I looked at Raidon, unsure of what to say, when I felt a mind-link being opened up to me from Lena. She must have overheard our conversation. 



You need to promise Allison. It's the only way you can say your goodbyes to your baby and then bring her out to be prepped for a funeral, if you don't promise her she won't let you anywhere near her.


###chapter 20
I can't do that, Lena, I can't lie to her. 



It's either that or you have to take your baby out forcefully, which would be traumatizing for everyone. This way is easier, she will understand one day once she comes out of her trance. Right now she still believes your baby is alive and, for now, we have to let her believe that because it would absolutely destroy her if we forced this reality on her. She needs to process and then mourn at her own pace. 



I don't like this Lena, I wish it didn't have to be this way. 



I know child. I know. 



I took a deep breath and looked at Allison, "I promise. We won't take Aspen-Eve away."

Raidon was about to process and I gave him a subtle head shake. I walked up to the bed and took the tiny bundle from Allison. She seemed so small in my arms, my sweet baby girl. I gently brushed my hand over her hair, trying my hardest not to cry. I felt the familiar sting in my eyes and nose as a tear fell onto her face. I gently wiped it away, wishing that the moon goddess would bring my baby life she deserves to live. If I had the choice, I would give my life in exchange for her's in a heartbeat. 

I felt Raidon come up beside me. I handed her over to him. His eyes were red, he was trying equally as hard as I was to hold it together. I wish this didn't have to be goodbye. It isn't fair that we have to say goodbye to our baby girl. It's fucking heartbreaking.

I felt the mindlink with Lena open again.



It is time, we need you guys to bring your baby out. If she doesn't get prepped soon, her body will begin to decompose. 



I sighed and looked at Raidon. He understood that it was time. 

"I think she needs her diaper changed. I'll go do that and be right back." Raidon said.

"Okay, let me give her a kiss first." Allison waved him over. 

She kissed Aspen-Eve on the head and then looked between Raidon and I,"Why are you both crying?" 

"It's tears of happiness Ali, it is such a blessing to meet our baby girl." I answered, but my voice cracked as I fought my sadness. 

She grabbed Raidon's arm before he could take our baby out of the room,"On second thought, I think I will go change her." She stated. 

"Allison, it's okay, rest. You just gave birth. We can handle a diaper change." Raidon said as he tried to remove his arm from her grasp.

"No, I think I will do it." She started to sit up out of bed.



She cannot come, this will break her. You need to keep her in the room. 



Lena spoke into my mind. 



"Raidon will take her. Why don't I stay here and keep you company?" I made my way to Allison's bed and sat next to her, placing my arm around her. 

"Damon, I am serious. I am taking her." She tried to stand up and stop Raidon again, but I tightened my hold around her waist, trying to hold her in place. Raidon made his way towards the door as Allison fought harder against me. 

"What is going on, Damon? Why can't I go with him?" 

"I'm sorry Allison, you just can't."

"You promised Damon, you fucking promised!" She screamed at me while scratching my arms, fighting with everything she had to get out of my grip.

I cried silently as I held her close. I felt her pain through our bond, it was worse than any pain I have ever felt. 

I could feel her body heating up as the glow spread up her arms. It was burning me as if my arms were in a fire, but I just held on to her, preventing her from seeing whatever was going on out there with our baby girl. My skin was melting off as she burned hotter. I bit my tongue hard to hold in any sounds. 

Allison flung her arms open and I went crashing into the wall. She dropped to her knees and let out a loud scream. One that was full of heartbreak and sorrow. It shattered windows and shook the entire house. She put her head in her hands and continued sobbing. 

"You promised me, Damon, you promised me and you still had her taken away. You lied, and I will never forgive you. I hope you die, Damon. You, grandmother and Raidon. You all deserve to die for whatever you are planning to do with my child. You are no better than Summer or Lucy. Is this what this is about? You want her blood to make you stronger? You sick bastards. What the hell is wrong with you? She is your daughter! A little baby!"  She yelled at me.

I went down on the floor next to her, "Allison, I promise you, that couldn't be further from the truth. We would never hurt her." I begged, trying to take her hands in mine, trying to show her my sincerity. 

"Then tell me what is going on!" She demanded.

"I can't Allison, I can't. You're not ready. I never meant for it to happen this way. I'm sorry, so fucking sorry."

"Tell me or I will kill you right now Damon!" 

"You don't mean that, you aren't thinking straight right now, Ali." I hoped she would one day understand why we did it this way, 

She stood up, her eyes glowing bright white. She raised her hand and I felt like I was being crushed. I couldn't breathe. I tried fighting it, but my body was forced to lie down flat, as if in an invisible press, I heard a loud snap as one of my ribs broke under the pressure. I let out a roar as I tried to fight it. 

I couldn't take much more and I wasn't sure how far Allison was willing to take this. I didn't want to tell her this way, but it might be the only way.

"She.....she is...gone...." I forced the words out in between gasps for air. 

The invisible weight was gone in an instant and Allison's glow disappeared.

"What are you talking about gone?" She demanded. 

"Dead Allison, she is dead, she died before birth. I'm sorry I had to tell you this way." I sat up, trying to ignore the sharp pain from the broken rib.

Allison looked at me in disbelief for a moment, but I could tell by the look on her face the moment she realized I was telling the truth. I saw the tears start flowing down her face as she walked slowly to her bed. She looked at the pool of blood still there from giving birth, and curled up in the fetal position on top of it. She was staring at the wall, but it was like she wasn't even in her own body. 

I tried connecting with her feelings through the bond, but all I felt was nothing. She felt empty. So hurt that she was completely numb to the pain. I started crying once I realized that she may not come out of this alive.  

A:N hello readers, what do you think so far? I will start updating every Saturday, either two chapters or one long one, if I have time to write more I will. Thank you all for reading my book.
Funeral (TW)
Damon POV 



Trigger warning for this chapter as it has talk of suicide. 



It's been two days since our baby passed away. Allison has locked herself in her bedroom, she refuses to eat, she won't talk to anyone. It is like she is an empty shell. Today is our daughter's funeral. We have all tried to get Allison out of bed to be present for it but nothing we do or say works. She just continues staring at the wall in utter silence. It breaks us all to see her this way, and the feeling of darkness and emptiness is tugging at Raidon and I through our bond with her, as if it is tempting us to fall down this rabbit hole with her. We had decided to keep the funeral small. I did not want the entire pack there in case Allison joined us. They didn't need to see their Luna this way. 

Lena, Leroy, Chad, Raidon and I all gathered around the tiny rose-pink coffin. I had it built just for her with her name engraved on the top as well as a baby wolf just underneath. We decided to have her grave underneath the large oak tree that Allison used to love reading under. I hope that when she feels better she will come here and read to our daughter. I placed near her headstone a small branch of an Aspen tree, and a flowering cactus plant known as Eve's pin and a stuffed baby wolf. All three things represented our baby girl. Leroy placed a small wolf charm, Chad placed a single rose.  Raidon placed a bundle of pink roses and Lena placed a small pink crocheted baby blanket, "I made it the evening everyone came home. I knew she was going to be born quickly so I made it as fast as I could." Lena sniffled.

"It's beautiful." Raidon placed an arm around her shoulder to comfort her. With everything placed on Aspen-Eve's coffin, the priest began blessing our baby girl and willing her on a safe journey to join our moon goddess. 

It was now our turn to say a few words. I decided to go first. I walked up to her tiny coffin and placed both of my hands on it as if it were the most delicate thing in the world. I felt the tears streaming down my face as I spoke to her,"Time is something we never think about, we never consider about how much or how little time we have with someone we love, until that time is stolen away from us. I keep thinking about all of the things you never got to experience. I wish you could have seen the love in your mother's eyes when she looked at you, the way she held you and protected you. I hope that every time I close my eyes it's to visit you in my dreams. I pray the moon goddess will let us be together one day. I thought I understood the meaning of love, and I do to an extent. But the love I hold for you is different than anything I have ever felt. It's a love that makes me want to kill anyone that would ever try to harm you. I failed to protect you, baby girl. I failed. I love you more than any words could begin to describe Aspen-Eve. I vow to always love you. You will never ever be forgotten." I sobbed as I knelt down and held onto her coffin as if my life depended on it.

I felt a small hand on my shoulder followed by the familiar sparks from my mate. 

I slowly stood up and turned around to face Allison. She had tear-stained cheeks and red eyes as she looked at me. I immediately held her in a tight hug. I could feel her sobbing silently into my shoulder as we hugged,"You didn't fail her Damon, you didn't fail her." Allison muffled into my shoulder as she continued to cry. 

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for everything, Allison. I didn't mean to hurt you." I felt the guilt of what we did to her eating away at me. 

"It's not your fault, I understand why you all needed to do it, I forgive you." She then pulled out of the hug and looked at everyone else gathered. 

"Thank you all for this beautiful service." She said as she wiped her tears. Raidon then approached her and embraced her in a tight hug. The rest of the group spoke to Aspen-Eve. The last to go was Allison. She asked us if she could speak to her daughter in private, so we all gave her one last hug. She took the time to tell each of us how much she loves us and then she was left alone. We all went into the pack house to give her as much privacy as we could.

I looked out of the window and saw her sitting next to the coffin with something in her hand. I couldn't quite make out what it was. Just as I was about to take a closer look, Lena shouted from the top of the stairs, "GET TO ALLISON! MY GUN WITH SILVER BULLETS IS MISSING!" I didn't waste another second. I turned around as fast as I could and just as my hand touched the front to open it, we heard a loud gunshot. We all ran outside to Allison. I picked up her lifeless body as blood began to pool out. Raidon was right next to me holding her as he began to cry. Our entire world came crashing around us. Raidon and I screamed in pain as we felt our bond with Allison shatter into nothing with her death.         

A:N Hello readers, hope you are enjoying. Apologies if the story get's boring at times, there is something big coming up within the next few chapters. Enjoy!
Goddess
Allison POV

It's been two days since my sweet baby passed away. I've locked myself in my room, unable to face the world. I feel like an empty shell, my entire heart scraped from my body the moment she passed away. It feels wrong to eat or sleep, it feels wrong to live without her in my arms. Today is supposed to be her funeral. Everyone has tried numerous times to get me out of bed, but it is like I am glued here, stuck in the wave of endless sadness. I know that my feelings are affecting Damon and Raidon through the bond. It would be selfish of me not to end the bond to save them from my pain dragging them down. I was lost in my thoughts when I overheard people talking at the funeral. It took every ounce of strength to look out my window. I pulled the curtain to the side, it truly was a beautiful service, small but absolutely perfect, placed right under my oak tree. 

 A stray tear rolled down my cheek. A mother should never have to witness her child's funeral, they are supposed to outlive us, live full and beautiful lives. 

I watched on as an idea suddenly struck me. The moon goddess gifts things for something in return. Will she gift my baby life in exchange for me? It was a long shot but I knew that it was my last hope that my child could live. I knew that grandma, Damon and Raidon would love her with the entirety of their hearts.

I ran out of my room and started searching the house for a gun with silver bullets. I went to grandma's room. Something drew me there. I followed this feeling until I looked under the bed and saw a small brown box. I lifted it onto the bed and saw a beautifully engraved pistol, a dragon stretched up the barrel of one side. Its mouth opened at the barrel as if the bullets coming out were to be its fire. I found three silver bullets next to it and loaded each one as they burned my fingers.

I took the gun back to my room. I needed to change out of these bloody clothes and hug my loved ones one last time. 

I put on a long black flowing dress and I found a belt that held the gun in place under my dress. I wanted to take my last breath next to my daughter. 

I proceeded to walk down the stairs, trying my hardest to hold myself together. I went out the front door and began making my way towards the oak tree. I could hear every word that Damon spoke, and it shattered my heart to hear he blamed himself for her death. He knelt by the coffin, holding it as if his life depended on it. I couldn't help the tears that began flowing, not only from his words, but because of what I planned to do. I hugged him with everything I had, knowing it would be our last hug. I made sure he knew her death wasn't his fault. I gave Raidon the same bone crushing hug, knowing it would also be our last one. I would miss my mates, but I would do anything for my baby-girl, even if that means giving my own life for hers. I made sure each and everyone of them knew just how much I loved them. I listened quietly as everyone else said their good-byes to Aspen-Eve. I didn't want anyone to witness what I planned to do, so I asked for privacy to speak with my daughter, which they all granted. 

As soon as I heard the door to the packhouse close, I knew that I was alone with her. I sat next to her coffin as I pulled out the gun that was hidden under my dress and held it in my hands.

"I love you so much babygirl. I hope you never forget my love for you." I heard grandma yelling in the packhouse. I knew that it was now or never now that she knew her gun was gone. Without a second thought, I placed the gun to my head, cocked it and pulled the trigger. 



I woke up in a soft field of white flowers. I am now wearing a white dress. I got up to look at my surroundings. That is when I saw her in the distance. A small bundle in the grass, pitch black hair. Perfectly wrapped in a little white blanket. I ran as fast as my legs could take me, I dropped to my knees and picked her up, holding her tightly against me, as tightly as I could without hurting her,"Oh my baby, my sweet little baby. Mommy loves you more than anything, Aspen-Eve." I sobbed as I held her.

She wiggled in my arms and I was met with electric blue eyes. She was perfect. Absolutely perfect, and she was alive. I didn't know how long I had here with her so I planted kisses all over her face, my tears dripping onto her. 

"I'm glad you got to have this moment with her, Allison. You deserve it more than anyone." 

I whipped around, holding Aspen-Eve close to me, but quickly loosened my grip when I realized who was speaking to me.  

"Hello Selene, I'm so sorry that I cannot fulfill the duties you require of me. I don't see the purpose of life without her in it." I teared up, unable to control my sadness, realizing I would most likely be separated from my baby girl soon. 

"It's okay child, you see your sacrifice was incredibly brave, and I know that I am asking a lot from you. So I have a gift for you, one that will come at a cost. You and your baby can return to your world together." Selene said as she knelt next to us and stroked Aspen-Eve's hair. 

"What is the cost, Selene?" I asked, worried about what it might be. 

"You will be unable to produce any more children." 

"I'll do it. Anything for my baby girl."

She simply nodded and placed a hand on my head. 

I felt a rush as I was pushed back to earth. I gasped for air, the only words I could choke out were,"The coffin, get her out of the coffin." 

I could hear people moving around and the coffin lid opening, followed by tiny cries. 

"It's a miracle." I heard someone say, knowing that my baby was now safe, I let sleep take me away.

###chapter 21
A:N hello readers, I apologize for the delay in updates, been super busy with my kids and working on my degree! Doing my best to keep updating, thank you everyone for the positive comments, it really pushes me to do better and continue updating. Much love <3
It's Time
Allison POV

It's been one month since Selene gave the gift of life to Aspen-Eve and I. I cannot begin to explain how thankful I am that she gave us this second chance. My baby girl is perfect, she is only one month old and already beginning to crawl. Werewolf babies grow faster than human babies, but Aspen-Eve's growth is even further accelerated by the mass amount of Alpha blood running through her veins. 

Raidon and Damon have been amazing fathers. 

I threw my covers off and rolled out of bed to check on Aspen-Eve. I peeked into her crib to find it empty. Panic set into me as I raced out of my bedroom. I called her name as I flew down the stairs. I had reached the bottom in a panicked frenzy to find her wrapped in a cozy blanket, napping peacefully in Damon's arms while Raidon stood in front of them gently stroking her hair and planting gentle kisses on her forehead. 

"Shhh, Allison. We just got her to sleep." Raidon placed a finger to his lips to make his point. I breathed a sigh of relief and couldn't help the smile that tugged up my lips. 

"I don't think I've seen that beautiful smile in a long time. We got this Ali, go have a nice shower. Get dressed, we have something planned for you today." Damon said. 

I looked at them skeptically before giving in and making my way back up to my room. I turned the shower on and undressed while I waited for it to warm up. I looked at myself in the mirror and almost laughed out loud at my appearance. I guess motherhood has taken a little toll on me. I had bags under my eyes, my hair was standing messy in every direction. Although I looked like a disaster, it has all been worth it and I would do it a million times over. I stepped into the shower and enjoyed the feeling of the hot water caressing my skin. 

I have been trying to cherish every moment that the moon goddess has gifted me with, but I knew that the time was coming where I would have to fulfill my prophecy. 

I finished my shower and wrapped myself in a towel as I stepped out, I wiped the steam off of the mirror. I decided to put some effort into my appearance today, considering I have been living with messy-unwashed hair, sweatpants, and my breast milk stained shirt. 

I towel-dried my hair and let it go naturally wavy, I applied some red lipstick and some mascara. After taking a final look in the mirror, I decided to pick out my outfit. I picked out a black lace bra and panty set, and slipped into a red sequin mini-dress. I was suddenly feeling very sexy and the need to seduce my mates. We have been in full-on parent-mode and haven't had the time or the energy to do anything even close to sex. The most action any of us had is a quick peck on the lips at night before we all crash into bed. You would think that between the three of us plus grams helping out, we wouldn't be so tired out everyday. But raising a strong alpha-blooded baby is no easy gig. 

I walked downstairs to find grams sitting on the floor playing with Aspen-Eve. 

She looked up at me as she heard me getting closer,"Oh Allison, you look stunning! Those two boys won't be able to control themselves." 

"Thank you grams, I'm not sure what they are planning, but hopefully we aren't back too late. I have some breast-milk stored in the fridge that I pumped last night. Her pajamas are set out, her lotion and bath stuff are set up. Oh! I also put her favorite blankie in her crib. I'm not sure if I am forgetting anything, ummm." I tapped my finger to my chin as I tried to remember if I was forgetting anything. 

"Allison, I am perfectly capable of taking care of her. You all go and enjoy yourselves. I promise she will be okay. I will even send you updates every hour if that puts your mind at ease, I understand it may be stressful going out for the first time without her, but she is in the best hands possible." 

"Thank you grams, I appreciate this. I will make sure there are warriors stationed around the house." I sighed, it was going to be difficult to not stress about leaving my baby girl behind, but I knew that I could trust grams to keep her safe. I walked over to Aspen-Eve and picked her up. I showered her face with kisses,"Mommy loves you so so much my sweet little angel. I promise I will see you soon, you be good for your great grandmother." I gave her one last kiss before placing her back on the floor. 

Grams smacked my leg before saying, "Don't say great grandmother anymore. It makes me sound old child!"

We both laughed before I heard footsteps coming down the stairs. I turned around just in time to see both of my mates, dressed to the nines and looking sexier than ever.

I raked my eyes over both of them, slowly drinking them in. They were matching, both wearing black dress pants that showed off the giant bulges they were both blessed with. I gulped, realizing that eventually I may or may not end up having both of them inside of me at the same time. The thought of that scared me but also aroused me. Maybe I have a kinky side I didn't know about? I pushed those thoughts away, trying not to fill the room with the smell of my horniness in front of my child and grandmother. My eyes worked their way up their bodies, they were in matching black dress shirts that showed off every movement of every bulging muscle. Finally, I looked up to see two sets of perfect eyes clash with mine, one set of sea-green and one set of hazel, both perfect in their own ways. I noticed that their eyes were filled with hunger and desire. Damon's dirty blonde hair was tousled and sexy, while Raidon's black hair was slicked back and sleek looking. 

"You all should really be getting on your way before you start doing nasty things right here in this living room." Grams coughed out.

We all burst out laughing and made our way out the door where a black Cadillac escalade was waiting for us. Damon opened the back door and Raidon lifted me up bridal style and placed me on the seat. I scooched to the middle as Damon got in on one side, and Raidon on the other. 

I noticed Chad in the driver's seat, looking at me through the rear-view mirror with a friendly smile. I returned the smile and then we were off. 

"So where exactly are we going?" I asked, looking back and forth between my two men.

"It's a surprise, Ali," Damon responded. 

"You'll love it doll", said Raidon.

I realized they weren't going to tell me, so I gave up and sat back in my seat. 

I felt Damon's hand rest on my knee while Raidon's hand was tracing up and down my arm. Sparks were flying in every spot they touched. It was twice as electrifying when they both touched me at the same time. I couldn't help the small moan that escaped my lips, they were barely touching me and my senses were already flooded with pleasure. I clenched my legs together as I felt my panties getting wet. 

Both men sniffed the air and I noticed how the bulges in their pants grew rock-hard, only turning me on more. 

Damon let his claws out and drug on slowly up my leg, while Raidon stopped tracing my arm and made his way to my breasts. He began squeezing it. I felt Damon retract his claws and almost whimpered at the loss of touch, but within a second his hand was back on me, rubbing circles gently on my clit. He moved his finger down and felt my wetness through my panties. 

"She is so wet for us, I can't wait to have a taste." Damon said, more to Raidon than to me. 

I heard Chad clear his throat, suddenly feeling embarrassed. I was so caught up in the moment that I had forgotten we were going somewhere. 

"Uh, I hate to interrupt but we are here."Chad said.

The three of us piled out of the vehicle, Chad leaving a moment later. 

I took in our surroundings and gasped at the beauty. It was a giant log home with a green tin roof. A covered deck with rocking chairs, it was surrounded by tall trees with flower pots hanging off of every beam. We walked up the walkway that had rose bushes on each side. 

Raidon took out a key and unlocked the door, Damon picked me up bridal style and carried me up the stairs into the house. 

"Where did you guys find this place?" I asked, still in awe with its beauty.

"We had it built, for all of us. Aspen-Eve and grams too. It's a place to go whenever we want. It's safe because it is still in pack territory, and as an extra precaution, Lena charmed the whole place. Anyone that belongs to our pack can see the house, but to any outsider it looks and even smells like a swamp." Damon explained. I was impressed. I had no idea that they were doing this. The amount of thought that went into it was amazing.

"Wait, but how can Raidon see it?" I asked. As far as I knew, Raidon was never officially sworn into our pack. 

"Well, I actually swore him into our pack about three weeks ago." Damon responded as he placed me on my feet. 

"Tsk. Tsk. You men and your secrets." I giggled, I hugged Damon and hugged Raidon, "thank you both for this. It's beautiful."

"Not as beautiful as you doll, now go explore quickly because you have about five minutes before I rip that tight little dress off of you." Raidon said as he slapped my ass. I squeaked and quickly ran away to look around. 


It's Time Continued
There were large log beams along the roof, with big windows to let in all of the natural light. I found my way into the kitchen. It had white marble countertops with a large black granite sink. I continued on into a living room that had a black leather sectional with a large flatscreen TV hanging off the opposite wall. I turned a corner and came across a spiral staircase. 

"Running out of time doll." Raidon's voice carried across the house. 

I giggled and quickly ran up the stairs. There were 4 doors along the hallway. I opened the first one. It was a bathroom with the biggest bathtub I have ever seen. The entire ceiling above the tub was one large shower-head. There was his and her sinks and a rectangular mirror with gold trim around it. The next bedroom looked like a guest room. I was about to open the third door when I felt a pair of large hands pick me up by my waist, followed by the rush of sparks. 

"Time's up doll" Raidon growled in my ear. I guess I will have to explore another time. 

Raidon then threw me over his shoulder and took me to the last door. He then opened it and placed me gently onto a bed. I didn't even have time to look at the bedroom before he extended his claws and made a slice down the side of my dress, careful not to cut me. Once the dress was cut, he ripped it away from my body, leaving me in my lace bra and panties.

I clenched my legs together in anticipation, feeling the familiar wetness between them. Raidon sniffed the air and licked his lips. Desire and lust filled his sea-green eyes. I was waiting for him to make a move but when he stood there frozen, drinking me in. I took things into my own hands. I extended a claw and slowly traced it from my neck to in between my breasts. Raidon was watching my every movement. I sliced the material of my bra open, both breasts bounced free and Raidon growled, unable to control himself, he grabbed my panties and ripped them off. Before I could say or do anything, he got down on his knees and buried his face between my legs. I wrapped them around his head as he licked my clit with so much passion and force I was barely holding it together. I could feel the knot building in my stomach, my moans grew louder, turning into screams of pleasure as I neared my orgasm. Without any warning, Raidon slammed his thick finger into my wet pussy, curling it up as he rammed it in and out of me. He added a second finger and I gripped his hair with both hands as if silently begging him not to stop. I screamed as I felt myself cum over and over again spraying him with my juices. My entire body was twitching with ecstasy, but he didn't stop, he kept finger f*cking me completely unforgiving. My body felt like it was on the most intense high but my greedy *ss wanted more, so much more, " Raidon, please I need to feel you inside of me." I begged. He pulled his fingers out of me and sucked my juices off, never once breaking eye contact. I heard some movement beside the bed and noticed Damon, sitting on a chair. His pants were around his ankles and he was stroking his rock-hard shaft. 

"Watching you cum is the hottest f*cking thing I've ever seen." Damon growled as he got up from the chair, kicking his pants off and  tearing off his shirt. I looked back to see Raidon completely naked. Damon came up beside me and picked me up, moving me to the head of the bed, gently laying my head on the pillows. 

"Please do continue." Damon said as he began stroking himself again. Raidon didn't wait another moment before climbing in between my legs. I felt the tip of his cock brush my entrance. I looked over at Damon before Raidon gripped my chin and turned my head to look at him, " Look at me doll, if you look away I'll stop." Raidon said before shoving his entire cock inside of me at once. My eyes rolled back from the perfect intrusion and I felt him pull completely out of me. 

"What did I say doll?" Raidon growled. 

I snapped my eyes back to his and he rammed it in me again, this time with more force. He gripped one of my legs over his shoulder as he f*cked me with such force I didn't think I would last much longer before I came undone again. 

"Flip her over." I heard Damon say from the side. 

Raidon did so and I was flipped on my hands and knees. Raidon landed a smack to my ass. It stung but I found pleasure in the sweet pain of it. Raidon then grabbed a fistful of my hair and lined himself up with my entrance before he pushed himself inside of me. 

"I can't wait to fill that pretty little mouth of yours" Damon growls, I noticed his eyes change from his usual hazel to a shade darker than night. 

Damon climbed onto the bed and positioned his throbbing cock in front of my face, I licked my lips as I noticed a bead of pre-cum forming at the tip. Raidon released my hair and Damon grabbed it. I licked the pre-cum off of his tip, never breaking eye-contact. I grabbed his shaft with one hand and began stroking him slowly, teasing him. Raidon began thrusting in and out of me from behind, this time slower, taking his time with me. I licked down Damon's cock before gently sucking on his balls. I then licked back up his cock and opened my mouth, deepthroating the entire thing in one motion. I gagged as his length filled my throat. 

"F*ck." I heard Damon groan under his breath as his grip on my hair tightened. 

He began thrusting inside of my mouth as Raidon thrust into me from behind, all of us in perfect sync. 

They both picked up their pace and I was being f*cked roughly from the front and back. I was gagging, saliva was dripping from my mouth as Damon slammed himself in and out of my mouth. Tears of ecstasy sprang to my eyes from the pleasure we were all sharing through our bond. 

Raidon leaned down and bit into his mark on my neck. I felt his cock throb and grow as he released his cum inside of me. He then pulled out slowly while Damon took his place behind me. Damon pushed his cock deep inside of my pussy, I felt the knot building within me while he f*cked me from behind. He gripped my throat, pulling my back flush with his chest as he continued pumping in and out of me. I felt his cock grow as he neared his climax. I screamed as my juices sprayed us both, my body began shaking and I saw stars across my vision, Damon held me up as I felt his cock twitch as he released his cum inside of me as he bit down into his mark on my neck. He then pulled out and my body collapsed against the bed. I felt exhausted but full of energy at the same time. 

I could hear water running before I felt a pair of strong arms pick me up and place me in a warm tub. Raidon washed my hair, massaging my scalp. Damon took a cloth and gently washed each part of my body. I felt my eyelids getting droopy.

"Sleep doll." I heard Raidon whisper next to my ear. I closed my eyes and let sleep take me, knowing that I was completely safe and taken care of. 



I could hear my name being called, so I woke up. Or so I thought I woke up. But when I opened my eyes, I found myself in the same field where I last saw the moon goddess. She must be trying to reach me through my dream, I thought. I walked around, following the sound of my name being called. 

"Hello my child." I heard Selene say from behind me. 

"Hello Goddess, it's been awhile."

"Yes, it has. I'm afraid it is time."

"I thought that might be what this is about. I appreciate the time you have given me with my family, it has been a true blessing." I said, genuinely thankful. 

"I tried to allow it as long as possible, but I am afraid that if you don't get to work soon there will be a war, one that will take the lives of many supernaturals. This war will happen in a weeks' time if you can't fulfill the prochecy." 

"I understand Goddess, what do I need to do?"

"You must get every kind on your side. Vampires, Fae, Witches, Dragons and Werewolves. You visit those five kingdoms and convince each king or queen to hold peace with each other and every other species. They won't be easy to convince, some may challenge you. But you are strong, Allison, and you have two strong men at your side. You will succeed, child. I know you will. You can bring peace to all kinds. Now, I must go. Good luck dear." She reached her hand out and stroked my cheek before I disappeared back into the darkness. 

I woke up with a jump. Damon and Raidon both sat up and looked at me, concern evident on their faces. 

"It's time," I said as they both nodded in understanding.           

     

  

  

                     

          A:N Hello readers, I am terribly sorry for the massive delay in update. My province has multiple wildfires throughout it. My kids and I are currently evacuated from our home so it has been super hectic but I have been trying my best to give my readers something. I hope you enjoy this chapter and I genuinely appreciate every kind comment that has been left. You all inspire me to continue this writing journey. <3
Meeting
Allison POV



The sun was peeking through the dark curtains, waking me up. I stretched my body as a loud yawn escaped me. Last night with my mates had been mindblowing. But now it was time to get down to business. I had lots to do in a very limited amount of time and I still had no idea how I was going to accomplish any of this. I noticed the bed was empty, and got up to look for my mates. I walked out of the bedroom, groaning from how sore the previous night had made me. 

I could smell bacon and eggs being cooked and that made me forget how sore I was as I raced down the stairs to eat. 

I ran into the kitchen to find Damon and Raidon both cooking up a storm. Both wore matching black aprons with no shirts underneath. Damn, this was something I could get used to. 

"Well, good morning gentlemen." I giggled as I tried to snatch a piece of bacon from the plate. 

Damon was quick to smack my hand away, "Not so fast. This is our last calm morning before everything turns hectic. Go sit down. We will serve you our Queen." He said as he bowed to me. 

I couldn't help the laugh that escaped me from his little bow and the "Queen" comment, but I obeyed and plopped down on the couch. Moments later, Raidon placed a plate in front of me piled high with bacon and fried eggs. "Your food my Queen." He bowed and ran away laughing before I could smack him.

"Thank you both for the food," I started while shoveling food into my mouth, "But I'm not a Queen."

"Not yet" they said in unison.  

After breakfast, we realised we couldn't delay the inevitable any longer. 

"I would like to run with our mates." 

Eve spoke into my mind. 

"Eve wants to run back home, what do ya say we race?" I giggled. 

"Well, considering you don't know exactly where this cabin is located, I say you're on!" Raidon exclaimed while Damon high-fived him in agreement.

"I swear you two have the cutest bro-mance." 

I wanted to get the upperhand on them in the race because they were right. I wasn't exactly sure where this cabin was located. Of course, I knew it was in pack borders but our pack is massive, we could be anywhere right now.

"Look over there what's that!" I pointed towards the kitchen window. They both whipped around ready to attack whatever threat they thought was near. Check. Mate. Well, mates. I took this distraction to race out the front door and Eve took over in an instant.

I could hear them both swearing on the way out of the cabin but I wasn't about to stick around and find out just how mad they were at my trick. We raced through the forest. Eve covered herself in mud to get them off of our scent. I could no longer hear them, Eve is a massive wolf though. I wouldn't be surprised if she could outrun them both.

"I think we lost them!" I exclaimed to Eve. 

"I wouldn't be so sure, Allison. Listen closely."

I started listening to our surroundings through the sound of Eve's paws hitting the ground. 

Then I heard it. Paws thudding against the ground not too far behind us, and something else a little closer. Sh*t! I forgot Raidon could choose between being a wolf or a dragon. I could hear his wings pushing through the sky gaining on us quickly. 

"They almost caught us! What do we do?!" I asked Eve. 

"We have many different powers, teleportation being one of them. Try it. Focus on our home."

I put all of my effort into picturing our home, getting back to my baby girl, snuggling her after our short time away. At first I didn't feel any different, but then I felt something, like a rope in my mind, begging me to follow. I tugged at this rope, focusing every bit of energy on it. All of a sudden, I heard a loud crash and Eve went crashing through a wall.

Eve gave control to me and as I shifted back I took in my surroundings.

"I see you've been practising your powers, Allison."

I whipped my head around to see Grams standing there with a sundress in hand and a smile on her face. 

"Yes, I think I need to work on my landing." I laughed as I slipped the sundress on.

"I win suckers!" I mind-linked Damon and Raidon. 

The two men came through the door moments later, sweaty and naked. 

"Wow, you two look like you ran a marathon!" I giggled at them as I tried not to stare at my two Greek gods standing in front of me.

"You cheated! Don't think we see that little stunt you pulled," Damon stated. 

"I won fair and square, now let's get cleaned up. I want to see Aspen-Eve and then we must plan our first meeting. 

"Actually, about your first meeting. The Alpha King is here. He is waiting in the office. He just got here moments before you came tumbling through the wall. He said the moon goddess requested him to help you with achieving your prophecy." Grams said.  

"Sh*t, I am filthy. How will I earn any respect looking like this?" I tried smoothing out my hair and giving my face a quick wipe. I knew I must look like a disaster. I started making my way up the stairs towards the office. I couldn't keep the Alpha King waiting.

I noticed two royal guards stationed outside of the office. I nodded at them and made my way into the office. 

Sitting at the desk was a middle-aged man. He had his gray hair neatly slicked back and was wearing a black suit. He was muscular and his aura screamed power. I looked up and noticed his dark eyes watching me. I quickly bowed in respect,"My king, it is such an honour to have you here."

"No need for formalities, you can call me Tim. The moon goddess calling a favor in is very rare, so of course, I had to come and see what all of the fuss was about. You must be Allison." He stood up from his chair and placed a kiss on the back of my hand. He pulled back immediately as if my hand had shocked him.

"You are very powerful, Allison, perhaps more powerful than you realize. These powers will be extremely useful." He said with a grin, one that I wasn't so sure I could trust. 

A:N Hello lovely readers, after a short break we are finally back in our home and I owe it to you all for being so patient while I work on updates. I appreciate you all <3