###chapter 1

***************
Sherry Hue, a genius stock trader drowning in family debts, signs a 90-day marriage contract with enigmatic billionaire Bryan Ruger—$100,000 weekly for playing his devoted wife. But their icy arrangement ignites when Bryan discovers she’s the scarred girl who saved his life years ago. As Sherry battles gold-digging relatives, jealous heiresses, and her own traumatic past, Bryan’s calculated world unravels. Caught between a fake marriage and real desire, they must confront secrets that could destroy them... or rewrite fate. In a world of lies, can a contract forged in gold become a vow of the heart?
***************



Cafe World, America downtown



A woman sat down and drank her coffee while playing a mobile game.

She sat down carelessly, appearing to be both waiting for someone and not to be waiting for anyone at the same time based on how casually she appeared.

"Are you Miss Sherry?"

 she heard someone ask, She raised her head to look at the person who had just finished speaking.

He appeared to be youthful and had a glass in his eyes.

She answered in an indifferent and emotionless voice, "I am.

The young man looked at the woman in front of him and examined her with his eyes. He was shocked by the way she appeared; she had snow-white skin, an oval face, attractive eyebrows, and a pair of soft red lips that were bright red like cherries, but her eyes appeared to be ready to turn into a gun and kill people; they also appeared cold, ruthless, and emotionless, as though she was incapable of feeling any emotions.

When his eyes caught hers, the young man shivered unconsciously. He clenched his fist to control his feelings and forced a smile.

"I'm Mr. Bryan's secretary," Clinton said in his introduction.

"Oh". She murmured while gazing solely at him.

When Clinton knows Sherry won't be inviting him to a seat, he has no choice but to sit down.


 "I hope Miss Sherry doesn't mind, my Boss is busy so he doesn't have time to come."

"No"

She talks as if she would die if she talked too much, therefore it seems like his boss has found his counterpart, Clinton shook his head inside.


He grabbed a document from the brown package in his hand and got right to the point.

"You can review the contract to see if there are any provisions with which you disagree". He extended his hand to her 

She took the paper and began carefully reading the contract.
Clinton made excellent use of the chance to thoroughly scrutinize her.

She had neatly styled hair and was dressed in a long white skirt. She had a stunning, regal, and commanding appearance.

"Pen?" After reading the contract, she looked up from the paper and fixed her gaze on Clinton.

Clinton made a foolish remark, "Ah."

She finished reading it that quickly, he thought, staring at her in astonishment.

As soon as he realized how foolish he appeared, he collected himself, reached into his pocket, pulled out a pen, and handed it to her.

She took the pen, wrote her name on the paper, and then returned the paper to Clinton.


Clinton placed the paper into the envelope before rising.

His work is finished.

"Would you like a ride?" Clinton offered because, if his boss had arrived, he would have dropped her off, wouldn't he?

"No," she answered.

She didn't look at him as she kept fiddling with her phone.

Clinton gave a quick nod before leaving the café.

Sherry drank all of her coffee before getting up and leaving the cafe.


She sighed as she turned to face the sky.

Another contract was inked. She smiled a little, but if you didn't look closely, you wouldn't see it.

She was in a good mood because she was contemplating the money she would make from this completed deal.

She flagged down a cab and climbed inside.

She informed the driver, "Shalon street."

"$30"

She didn't respond to what the driver said; instead, she just stared out the window.


Her phone abruptly rang.

She pulled her phone from her bag, she sighed when she saw the caller,

It was her big sis.

 She let the phone ring.

Before it eventually stopped ringing, the phone continued to ring for a few more rings. 


She glanced out and realized that they had arrived at her house.


She got out of the car after paying the driver.

She dipped her hand into the purse in her and pull her a set of keys

She inserted the keys on the doorknob and entered it.


She entered the dining room, set her bag on the couch, poured herself a glass of water, and drank every last drop because she was a little thirsty.

She sat down on the couch and turn on the television

'Ringg'

She received a call.

She pulled her phone out of her backpack, She quickly checked the display-it was an unfamiliar number.

She didn't pick it up, just left it.

It rang once more.

It was her sister again

She let out a sigh before pressing the response key.

She placed it on her ears.

"Hello?"

"Hello, am I speaking Miss Nancy's sister?". a girl asked on the phone.

She blinked in surprise when she heard an unfamiliar voice "Who is this?". Sherry questioned in a cold voice.

"Could you please come to Vegas Street? Your sister is in difficulty."


"Beep, beep,"

Without waiting for her response, She hung up.



Nevada Street.

Sherry got out of the vehicle, after paying the cab. She immediately saw her sister waving at her when she looked around.

 She noticed that the place was full of crowds, so she scowled a little. She despises staying in a place that is excessively noisy and crowded. But despite that, she continued to move in the direction of her sister.


She moved toward them.

"This is my sister, and she'll pay you". Sherry heard Nancy say immediately she got there.


Sherry frowned a little when she heard this.

Hope it is not what she is thinking.

The people who surrounded Nancy suddenly focused their gaze on her, making her feel a little uncomfortable.

"What happened?"Sherry asked Nancy while giving her a chilly look.

"I owe her a few dollars, so hurry up and pay her", Nancy remarked without feeling remorseful.

Sherry blinked in realization when she heard this, this is exactly what came into her mind.

Because this wasn't the first time this has happened.

"Is she your sister?" Sherry heard a voice asked behind her.

Sherry turned her head to look at the person who asked, it was a young girl "Yeah?"


"Your sister owes me $50,000 and has been avoiding me for the past month; she has not paid. She made a $5000 interest payment guarantee to me when she took out the loan. So I gave my consent. In addition, she appeared to be a respectable person and constantly treated me with contempt. I gave her the cash that day for that reason. Who knows, maybe she'll end up being a cold-hearted person". The girl explained everything that happened immediately when she heard her affirmation, "tsk tsk the both of you are so well dressed but people won't know you are actually a debtors". Sherry overheard the girl say this in a low voice.



###chapter 2


Nevada Street.

Sherry got out of the vehicle, after paying the cab. She immediately saw her sister waving at her when she looked around.

 She noticed that the place was full of crowds, so she scowled a little. She despises staying in a place that is excessively noisy and crowded. But despite that, she continued to move in the direction of her sister.


She moved toward them.

"This is my sister, and she'll pay you". Sherry heard Nancy say immediately she got there.

Sherry frowned a little when she heard this.

Hope it is not what she is thinking.

The people who surrounded Nancy suddenly focused their gaze on her, making her feel a little uncomfortable.

"What happened?"Sherry asked Nancy while giving her a chilly look.

"I owe her a few dollars, so hurry up and pay her", Nancy remarked without feeling remorseful.

Sherry blinked in realization when she heard this, this is exactly what came into her mind.

Because this wasn't the first time this has happened.

"Is she your sister?" Sherry heard a voice asked behind her.

Sherry turned her head to look at the person who asked, it was a young girl "Yeah?"

"Your sister owes me $50,000 and has been avoiding me for the past month; she has not paid. She made a $5000 interest payment guarantee to me when she took out the loan. So I gave my consent. In addition, she appeared to be a respectable person and constantly treated me with contempt. I gave her the cash that day for that reason. Who knows, maybe she'll end up being a cold-hearted person". The girl explained everything that happened immediately when she heard her affirmation, "tsk tsk the both of you are so well dressed but people won't know you are actually a debtors". Sherry overheard the girl say this in a low voice.

When Sherry realized that Nancy had played the same ruse on the girl, promising them that she would pay the money with interest, she sighed and felt a headache.

Sherry sighed again and asked the girl, "$50,000?"

"Huh?" Sherry question is unclear to the girl

Nancy said in a haughty voice when she saw that Sherry wanted to pay the money, "The money you are barking like a dog for."

Nancy regarded the expensive accessories on Sherry's body, jealous flashed in her eyes.

"You" the girl pointed at Nancy with anger in her eyes.

 She will take care of her later; the money is more crucial.

"It's $55,000 plus interest."

"Liar, I only borrowed $50,000, not $55,000, from you." Nancy stared at the girl with a furious look.

"So what? You informed me that you will pay me $5,000 in interest on the $55,000 you borrowed, as per your commitment." The girl retorted, She was likewise upset.

Sherry frowned when she saw the way her big sister was behaving "Do you take Transfer?" They were interrupted by Sherry, who asked while frowning.


 she immediately responded, "Yes,The number on my account is 569902668992569." 

Sherry transferred a sum of $60,000. When the girl saw the money Sherry had transferred to her, she was delighted.

"Thank you, Miss". The girl smiled nicely as she thanked you.

Sherry made a U-turn and moved forward.

She flagged down a cab, got inside, and was about to lock the door when the door didn't budge, she looked up and saw that Nancy was holding the car door, she dropped her hand and sat down on the other side.


"Let's go together, little sis".

 Nancy sat down next to her and shut the door while Sherry continued to look out the window.

The car was started, and the driver accelerated.

"How much did you pay the girl, little sis? Nancy queried immediately, she was a little curious when she saw the girl's delighted face but she didn't ask Sherry there because she knew that Sherry would ignore her.

Sherry ignored her.

Nancy's eyes flashed with resentment.

She disliked how aloof and haughty she appeared; like nothing seemed to be able to change her demeanor.

Nancy made a 180-degree spin and peered out the window as well.

After a while, Sherry sighed she was not sure she could keep doing this "Did mother know you owe her money?" Sherry asked, she could swear that was the longest word she has said today, but her big sister persona is just too embarrassing.

"What if she was aware or not? Do you find me embarrassing too? Now, she just sees you. I'm your older sister, therefore you should treat me with the respect I merit "Nancy stared at her coldly.

Sherry could tell her voice was stern but she scoffed when she heard what she just said.


"Big sis, act like a role model if you want to be one!" Sherry retorted in a stern tone.

"So now it's your turn to chastise me? Nancy spat out violently and eyed her, "Stop the car, I want to get off because a certain person can't stand me. It's not your fault, it is my fault for calling you" She informed the motorist.

The  car came to a stop.

Nancy walked out of the car, closing it with a bang to express her anger.

Sherry didn't budge like she was unrelated to her.

The driver's head shook. He looked at Sherry through the mirror.

"You should respect her because she is your older sister". The male driver advised her.

Sherry didn't respond because a stranger won't understand what happened.

She closed her eyes and rested her head on the back tiredly.

The man sighed when the driver noticed Sherry was ignoring him.

Sherry got out of the car after paying the driver.



She opened the door and walked into her house. She let go of her bag and tiredly fell to the couch.

She stood up from the couch after resting for a while and entered her room. She lay down on the bed and opened her laptop.

She started by reviewing the stocks she had purchased. She blinked in surprise when she noticed that was profitable, she started humming joyfully. She had traded for a minimum of three hours and had earned $3 million when she exited the stock market. She looked at the time and saw that it was still early (11pm).

She then logged into the website where she typically finds online jobs, such as data entry jobs, writing jobs, content writing jobs, and all other writing jobs aside from ghostwriting.
She browsed the open positions and sent some offers to those who had competitive rate

By three in the morning, she had completed everything she wanted to do and shut her laptop. She yawned and was about to use the blanket to cover her body

When her phone abruptly rang.

She grimaced.

'Who might be calling her by this time of the night?'

She frowned and pressed the answer key.

"Hello?"

She heard a deep voice on the phone say, "Miss Sherry."


She blinked in surprise when she heard a male voice, she doesn't have any male friends "Who is this?"

"Bryan speaking; I'd pick you up tomorrow and take you to the place where we will be staying together".

 "En, anything else?" She asked, a hint of impatience in her voice.


"Not"

Without waiting for him to finish speaking, she immediately hung.

She is too exhausted to engage in conversation right now.


She yawned tiredly and turned off the light before using the blanket to cover her body and slept off immediately.



###chapter 3


Shallow street.


The following morning, Sherry awoke late since she had slept quite late last night.

Since she would be leaving the house today, she took a bath, changed her clothes, and then began packing her luggage.

She entered the living room with her bags and sat down on the sofa. She looked at the living room, checking if she hadn't forgotten anything.


'Ringgg'

Her phone rang

It was an unsaved number but she knew who it was, she answered the call and put the phone to her ear.

"Hello?"


"I'm outside your house." She heard a cold voice said on the phone

Sherry instantly hung up.

She walked out of the house and locked her house with the key securely.

One man walked out of the car and approached her, he tried to take her bags from her.

She stared at the man's face and clicked her tongue inwardly.

The man look is so-so

He was average looking, But whatever the marriage won't last anyway.

"Mr Bryan?" She asked the man even though she already determined in her mind that the man was her employer.

The man smiled sheepishly when she realized the mistake Sherry made. "Young Madam, you are mistaken, I'm Calvin the driver. Sir is in the car"

Sherry gave the man an embarrassing smile and touched her nose to cover her awkwardness "Oh"

She gave the man her bags and walked behind the man.

She was a little curious about her employer's look.

Calvin put her bags in the car trunk and walked to the driver seat, he was about to enter the car when he realized that Sherry hadn't entered the car yet.

Sherry was feeling a little lost. She didn't know where she should sit down. Should she sit beside the driver or at the back?

She could only look at Calvin for help, she read about some male leads in a novel whereby the male hated women touching him and didn't sit beside women. She doesn't want to embarrass herself by sitting at the back.

Calvin sighed in frustration when he saw this, he could only turn around,
"Please get in the car," Calvin said with a respectful bow.

The car was a little dim, but she could still see the figure sitting down in the car and typing on a laptop but she couldn't see the person's face.

She walked into the car and sat down, leaving enough space in the middle of them.

Calvin respectfully shut the car door when she was inside.

Calvin started the car after settling into the driver's seat. The car started to advance gradually.

Sherry didn't speak so she wouldn't disturb him, she just looked out of the window.

"Miss Sherry" She heard the man called beside her.

She turned her head to look at him, she realized that he already closed his laptop and was now looking at her.

As soon as their eyes met, Sherry almost gaped. The man before her was  good looking- no good looking was actually a huge understatement. She was sure he was hundred times more handsome than any celebrity she had ever seen. His only dark hair looked like it was combed by his fingers and swept back away from his face.

He had a strong, defined and masculine jawline- it was perfection in her eyes. He just looked too good to be true. She was utterly impressed, and she had never been impressed by a man's beauty like this before. 

How could a mortal man look this stunning? But his eyes were ice cold and looked bottomless.

She almost threw her determination away and fell for this man.

She had to mutter, 'Holy Ghost fire' three times under her breath three times before she regained her composure.

Damn it! This man is a temptation!

No one would blame her even if she forced herself and slept with the man.

Who could resist such a temptation?!

The man waved his finger in her eyes, and she quickly regained her lost composure.

She quickly looked away from the man and stared at her hand.

"You are drooling" She heard the man say.

She was dumbfounded.

i-I am drooling?

She quickly wiped her hand on her mouth and looked at it but nothing was there.

She then realized that the man deceived her.

She raised her head and looked at the man with anger in her eyes.

The man chuckled when he saw the anger in her eyes.


She looked at the man, 'He looked so handsome when he laughed' she thought.

Calvin was shocked when he heard his boss' laughter, this was the first time he heard his boss' laughter so he was a little shocked but he is experienced so he didn't lose his composure and focused on driving.

Sherry slapped her cheek lightly so she could regain herself.

She stared out of the window ignoring the man.

The drive was silent after this happened.

Despite being silent, the drive went smoothly.

 it was already 11:00 a.m when the car finally stopped

Calvin walked out of the car and carried her bag out of the trunk, he gave it to a man who walked out of the house where Calvin parked.


When the car stopped in front of a huge mansion, her jaw immediately dropped as soon as she saw it. She didn't know what to call it, but a house it was not! It was way bigger than that!

Sherry Hue noticed a combination of numerous floors of a high rise building and a residential area that resembled a garden as soon as she got out of the automobile. Bryan's residence is a posh condominium called Golden Edge.

A typical wealthy family will not be able to afford to live in this new residential area due to the high cost and tight security. Additionally, no one can purchase a home in this area due to the high cost. She had heard that a mansion here would cost at least $50 billion.

She now comprehends how the man is able to give her $100,000 every week.


Who is the man she married, exactly? Who is he, exactly?

What is his identity?'

She asked quietly, but her eyes were cold and indifferent, as if she were not surprised to be here. However, if you closely watched her, you would notice that she was surprised.




###chapter 4

Bryan stared at her to see her reaction but when he saw her indifferent face.

He bit his lips.

'Tch such a boring girl'


She noticed two men outside, and they both gave her startled looks as though Bryan had never brought a woman to his place.


She disregarded them and looked at Bryan who was still sitting down inside the car.

"I'm going back to the company" Bryan said when he saw her looking at him.

"Oh" Sherry nodded when she heard this.

Bryan dipped his hand into his pocket and brought out a set of keys, "This is the house key, you can feel at home" Bryan told her.


She sighed and took the keys from his hand.

She slowly walked towards it as she looked around the man Calvin gave her bag to follow her behind. The garden's spacious front yard wasn't that colorful; it was quite a simple design that looked like it was purposely made that way not to attract people's attention. 

As she walked closer to the entrance, Sherry felt that the house wasn't as simple as it looked outside. Now that she was closer, she noticed the exquisite white marble steps to the front door. 


She took a deep breath and was a little curious about how the house would look like

 She inserted  the key in her hand to unlock the door, she took the bag from the man, she took a quick glance to where the car was parked, the car was not there anymore.

He already left.

She walked into the house, the white marble floor beneath her feet seemed to stretch out for miles and the enormous beautiful chandelier that welcomed her elegantly from the high ceiling. The hallway had large and beautiful molded panels which looked very expensive.

She was utterly impressed with the way his house is.

It was like she was in heaven!.

She feels like she could live here forever.

She sat down on the couch in the living room. She ordered take out online because when she walked into the kitchen, there was no food in the kitchen.

She sat down on the couch waiting for him because she didn't know which room she would be living in and besides this is not a house and it was not like they were legally married in the first place.

It was just a contract marriage which would end in three months.

She checked the time and realized that it was 9.pm and he is not back from work yet so she lay down on the couch she didn't even know when she fell asleep.





12 o'clock Seductive club.

Richard was holding a bottle of wine as he was seated next to two women on the sofa. Richard was a tall man with his black jacket slightly open.



Bryan was seated across from him on a wide sofa. Except for the small amount of light that shone on Bryan's magnificent face and made the women in the bar drool.

How appealing!

"You signed the agreement with her yesterday?," Richard enquired.

Bryan and Richard have been pals since childhood.

Bryan answered nonchalantly, "Yes, I had an important meeting going on, so Secretary Clinton went on my behalf," and he took a sip from his cocktail.

"She is a very cold person, but she is professional. I guarantee she won't feel anything for you". Richard laughed, self-deprecatingly, "You should watch your own feelings. I'm afraid you will be the one to fall for her instead."


"The way you also did? And ultimately, she didn't reciprocate your feelings "Bryan crossed his legs and scoffed at Richard when he heard this.


Richard gave him an angry stare while gritting his teeth. "You..., , I hope you'll fall for her too and witness her sign a new contract with another man. However, she is a good alternative, and my mother believed me when I introduced her to her as my girlfriend."


He was the one who recommended Sherry to Bryan when Bryan asked him to do so after Richard and Sherry signed a month-to-month contract marriage.

Bryan responded, "I understand," and then he stepped outside after taking a long breath.

"You're departing?" Richard enquired. Bryan didn't respond or even turn to look back.

He went outside to his car and headed inside.

Within an hour, he arrived at his home.


He entered after unlocking the door with his fingerprint.

He turned on the light and saw a lonely figure lying down on the couch. He was a little shocked when he saw this before he remembered that he is not living alone anymore, he has a partner now.

His telephone suddenly rang.

He reached into his pocket and pulled his phone out.

It was his Grandma.

He said cooly, his voice was neither loud nor low "Hello, Grandma"

He heard his Grandma voice no one the phone "Little Bryan, are you still working?"


He replied with his eyes glued on the girl lying down on the couch "No, I just returned home".


He heard his Grandma ask "When will you bring my future granddaughter-in-law to visit me?"

Bryan sighed and replied "When I'm less busy, I'll bring her to see you."


"Okay Bryan, baby"


"Yes Grandma I hope you have a good night and remember to take your medication before bed or I won't bring her to visit you." He warned her with a stern voice so she would understand that he was not joking.


"Good night, okay. I will be obedient."

"All right," he said as he awaited his grandmother to end the call first.

He let out a sigh and combed his hair with his hand.
 




###chapter 5
His grandmother has been pressuring him to be married, but he is not yet ready to propose or to go down the aisle. His grandmother asked him to get married so she could pass away peacefully after receiving a lung cancer diagnosis that has given her only three months to live. He gave her that promise. He refused to marry her friend's daughter after she told him a week to do so or she would force him to do so.

When he was a young child, his parents perished in a car accident. Since his parents' passing, his grandma has been caring for him, and he values and loves her greatly.



Bryan undid his tie and was about to walk upstairs, he stopped on his track and stared at the figure lying down on the couch. He sighed and walked towards her.

Little fool, if she knew that she was feeling sleepy why can't she go sleep in one of the rooms? 

That was why he told her before he left to feel at home.

He carried in a bridal style gently so she wouldn't wake up, he walked into a room beside him.

He dropped her on the bed gently, he covered her body with a blanket securely, he couldn't believe that he was this caring to a lady except his grandma.

He was about to leave the room when she held his hand tightly.

She held his hand and moved it to her heart with tears on her face.

"I'll be more obedient, P-please don't leave me" She muttered and held his hand tightly like she was scared that he would really leave.


Bryan looked at her in shock, he observed her face to see if she was just pretending or if she was really sleeping but she was really sleeping.

He let her be and just watched her.

"Don't send me away okay? I'll really be good, I will obey everything you told me okay?" She muttered.

"Okay i won't leave" Bryan replied even though he doesn't know what she is dreaming about.

He felt her hand loosen up a little bit when she heard, he then gently removed his hand from hers.

He finally succeeded, he walked out of her room immediately.



The next morning

Sherry woke up in a daze, she looked and was surprised when she saw where she was. She quickly climbed out of the bed in shock.

Where is this?

Yesterday a memory flowed into her head. She remembered that she lay down on the couch to take a nap but she fell into a deep sleep instead.

Who carried her into this room?

Was it Bryan?

That was the only person she was sure that did it because this is a house.

She looked around the room and observed it.

The room was beautiful and welcoming, Sherry had never seen this kind of grandeur and elegance before. 

The room was as big as her house!.

The bed was a king size bed and it had blankets and a duvet covered in sheets of a floral pink design.

Her best color was pink also, the bed was three times bigger than her bed at her house.

The pillows were inside matching pillowcases. It looked soft. It made her understand that the reason why her last night's sleep was so splendid was because of the pillow.

Damn this is really heaven on earth!


On her right, she saw a couple of doors which she presumed would probably be the bathroom and closet.


As she looked around she noticed that her luggage was already in the room! She guessed that it was Bryan who brought it in last night.

She checked the time on her phone and realized that it was 8am in the morning.

Damn! She is late for class!

It was the pillow's fault who asked it to be so soft that she doesn't want to wake up anymore.

She quickly took her bath and put on casual clothes, she carried her bag and walked out of the room.


When she walked out of her room, she almost opened her mouth in shock.

It was so breathtaking, as she expected yesterday in the hallway. She saw a large and fancy open space. Velvet curtains were tied to let the sunshine through the window and she saw antique looking, brass candelabras which hung on the wall in between the window. 

There was no English name to describe this place.

The question that she thought of yesterday popped into her mind again.

Who is this man?

What identity does he have?

And she didn't see anyone yesterday, was he living alone? By himself?

She continued to walk down the stairs slowly, the stairs were so long that she almost fainted on the stairs but the scene she was looking at kept her busy.

Soon she got to the second floor, it also had a very long hallway, there was a gigantic chandelier of an incredibly vast scale, far prettier and breathtaking than the one she saw yesterday.

Soon she got to the living room, she saw Bryan sitting down on the couch with a document in his hand, she was heaving because of her long staircase.

Bryan raised his head and stared at her in shock, "You walked through the stairs?" He asked as he looked at her from head to toe.

"Yes," Sherry nodded and replied indifferently.

He was a little shocked when he heard this, even though his male pals can't climb the stairs they would use the elevator but she actually did it?

He was a little impressed when she saw that she was not like those delicate girls.

"There is an elevator you can use" he pointed at a door beside the stairs, "That is the elevator"

"Oh" Sherry nodded when she heard this.

Why didn't she think of that?

Dumb her!

Besides, she wants to look around the house too so she doesn't lose or gain anything anyway.

"Miss Sherry i"





###chapter 6
"There is an elevator you can use" he pointed at a door beside the stairs, "That is the elevator"

"Oh" Sherry nodded when she heard this.

Why didn't she think of that?

Dumb her!

Besides, she wants to look around the house too so she doesn't lose or gain anything anyway.




"Good morning, Mr Bryan"

Sherry greeted him as she approached him. He and she were three feet apart.

Bryan said not replying her greetings, "I'll take you to see my grandma this weekend," and he sat down idly with his buttons open. Bryan looked intently at Sherry to see how she would respond, and he was disappointed to see that her expression remained neutral.

Sherry responded, "I understand," after observing his current expression. Had she been younger and more naive, she might currently be drooling, but now that she has already given up on love, she is emotionless and is just staring at him.

"Is that all?" When she noticed that he had stopped speaking, Sherry questioned.

"Yes"

Sherry replied, "Ok, I'll go first,"

She walked out of the living room, she flagged a cab to her school.


She walked into the school after paying the taxi man. 

Immediately she walked into her class, a girl walked towards her with an angry expression.

"Are you satisfied now that you have been crowded the school belle?" The girl snapped out with jealousy in her eyes.

Sherry, "?"

The girl name is Vera Brown, she was very beautiful. She was crowned the school belle because of how beautiful she was. She was very proud of that and everyone respected her.

Vera Brown was in the same class as Sherry. Her face was indeed beautiful but to be honest she was inferior to Sherry when she stood beside Sherry. 


Every year, there was an evaluation. It was a competition among students about who would be the school belle, Vera Brown has always emerged as the winner, she has been the school belle for two years and it is going to three years now but she was actually going to lose her crown to thIs bitch so she was a little furious.

Sherry didn't care about this title because it is not like she will be getting paid daily or monthly because of the title, the title is useless to her..anything that doesn't involve money she is not interested in!!.

Even her photo that was chosen, she didn't even know when they took it but she knew that someone must have taken it secretly without her realizing, even though it was taken secretly, one could still see her beautiful face clearly.

Her exquisite nose bridge was naturally high and her eyes were huge and beautiful even though it was a little cold and emotionless. Even without lipstick, her lips were still pink.

At the beginning, Vera Brown's vote was a little higher than hers but her votes gradually increased and she didn't know anything about it because she didn't have time to check the school forum. She believes that only a jobless person would do that.


Sherry bit down her lower lips, she tried to walk away when Vera blocked her path again.

Vera smirked at her and looked at her with disgust in her eyes, "Even if you take the school belle title, you will still be a failure when the exam results come out. I would like to see your expression when you failed your exams" She raised her head and looked at her like she was a queen.

She came from a rich and powerful background, so she is very proud and treats people with disdain and disgust but she will try to befriend the rich for benefits.

American university was one of the top schools in the country. Those who could enter were all top students from various cities. The school doesn't care about your background, only people with high grades are respected that was why everyone respected Vera the most in the school, she was everyone's favorite and everyone wants to be her friends because of her grades, that was why even though she loses her school belle title she was not very angry as far as her grades is better than Sherry, people will continue to respect and she would become the school belle in no time back because no one would want a beauty with no brain as the school belle.

Vera smirked at Sherry victoriously like she could already see Sherry failure.

Sherry ignored her and walked to her seat, she sat down without giving her glance, even she told her that she was not interested in being the school belle she won't believe it, so it is better to just keep looking at her like a clown.

Vera was a little angry when she saw the way Sherry was behaving but she was soon in a good mood when she remembered that Sherry wouldn't be able to keep the title soon.

The first period was mathematics class. The man walked into the class once the bell rang for the first period, everyone sat straight.


The lecturer walked into the class.

"Good morning guys" The lecturer said as he adjusted the glass on his face properly.

"Good morning," Some students replied.

"Your exam result is out, I'll start calling your names and your score," Mr Michael said and stared at Sherry who was sitting down at the last row intently.

The entire hall became silent immediately.

Vera was sitting not far away from Sherry, she saw this and misunderstood, she thought the math lecturer was looking at her because Sherry grade was the worst, she looked at Sherry and gloated at her misfortune.

"David Bush, 150"

"Hunt Bu, 100.."

"Vera Lincoln, 250"

Vera smiled smugly, she stared at Sherry with smugness in her eyes but she became angry when she saw Sherry smiling at her lazily.


"Hmph, beauty with no brain, I'll see what your score mark will be soon" Vera muttered under her breath.

She is one of the best students in the college, she is always the one with the first position. And she was sure this year will be the same.



###chapter 7

"Sherry Hue.." Mr Michael glanced at Sherry before continuing.

"300.."

Flow face constricted when she heard this, she lost her composure instantly "How is that possible?" Vera stood up from the chair and asked angrily.


"Miss Vera, what do you mean?  Are you questioning my intelligence?" Michael looked at her with a stern expression.

Although, he joked around but when he is serious he will say his mind no matter how powerful the person's background Is.

Vera bit her lips and sat down a little embarrassed when she saw that everyone in the class was staring at her, "I'm sorry sir" She apologized.

The hatred she had for Sherry deepened once more when this happened. She couldn't concentrate. That was the first time she couldn't concentrate in class.

Sherry is here to snatch everything that belonged to her, she can't take this lying down.

After announcing the scores. Michael started teaching them.

Sherry jotted down some things.

The lectures lasted for two hours before Michael left their class.

"Wow the school beauty is not only a beauty but a genius too" A girl exclaimed in the class.

"Yes i thought she would be a dumb person but she is actually so intelligent she scored full marks" 

"This is really amazing"

"tsk tsk, is it not just math who knows if she will fail the rest of the subject" Vera said with jealousy in her eyes,, she stared at her Sherry

Sherry carried her bag, her expression didn't change she glanced at Vera when she was about to walk out of the class, she flashed her a provocative smirk before walking out of the class.

Vera was so angry, she almost threw her phone out of her anger, but she quickly composed herself so her gentle image in front of the class will not destroy, sh rush out of the class to her private roomshe was still burning with her anger and threw a flower vases on the floor to relieve her anger.


"Ah!!!! I'M SO ANGRY!!!" She yelled and threw a lot of things on the ground..


___

Sherry hailed a taxi when she got to the school gate, she didn't know what Vera did even if she knew she didn't care.

"Go to the nearest shopping mall" She said as she sat down in the car, and started scrolling through her messages.

The car stopped in twenty minutes. She raised her head up from the phone and looked out of the window and saw that it was a shopping mall.

She paid the man and walked into the mall.

She bought some things she would mostly junk foods and looked for some presentable things because she remembered that Bryan told her this morning that he was going to take her to meet his grandma and she must do her duty by giving his grandma a gift, she chose some tonics.

She paid the cashier and was about to walk out of the mall when she saw a familiar face.

She recognized the person.

It was Steven, her sister's ex-boyfriend.


She recalled a funny event that took place before Steven broke up with her sister.

Her sister was two timing.

She was dating Steven and another guy called Dave at the same time.

When Sherry knew about it she disapproved of it because then she was still dating her first love Marcus and was a little naive.

One day, her sister and Steven were going out together doing lovey. On the other hand, Sherry was with them that day.

As they were going, Nancy saw Dave at the front. She was shocked and didn't know what to do. 

Sherry also saw Dave at the front and Dave already saw themhe saw the way Nancy was acting towards Steven and he was already walking towards them

Sherry received a message from her sister that day.

'No matter what happened, don't say anything just nod your head and play along'

'Okay,' Sherry replied.

She didn't know what her sister was planning and just stood at the other side to watch the show that was about to unfold.

Nancy whispered something in Steven's ear, Steven nodded in understanding.

She also walked towards Dave and whispered something in his ear.

Dave walked towards them, Steven and Dave greeted each other respectfully that day.

Sherry was shocked but she didn't voice out her question.

They both left after sometime.

Sherry couldn't control her curiosity and asked Nancy, "Big sis, what did you whisper to them?".

"I told Steven that Dave is my elder brother, I also told Dave that Steven is my elder brother, So how would they react to their brother-in -law?" Nancy chuckled nonchalantly.

Sherry was shocked when she heard this, she couldn't close her mouth for a while before she came back to her senses.

Steven and Dave later found out the truth, they were mad at Nancy for making a fool of them and they broke up with Nancy later

Sherry chuckled inwardly when she remembered this incidentshe felt like the men deserved that.

She walked past Steven like she didn't know him because of the embarrassing incident.

"Miss Sherry?" She heard his voice behind her.

She turned around and glanced at him.
She feigns a shock expression.

"Mr Steven?" She asked.

"You are really Sherry, you have grown up now" Steven said with a warm smile on his face.

"You have also become handsome," Sherry replied.

Steven is very handsome but she felt that he is not as handsome as Bryan, Although he wasn't as handsome as Bryan he is still good lookingshe couldn't understand why her sister was two timing then, she liked Steven more than Dave.

"You are still a boot licker? Haha" He chuckled at her teasing tone "How is your sister?" Steven asked.

Sherry could still see the love in his eyes, she guessed that he is still in love with Nancy..she sighed when she remembered the way nancy behaves now.

"She is fine," Sherry replied, deciding not to say anything.

"Oh" Steven said, his eyes full of sadness.

"You just came back from abroad?" Sherry asked when she saw the sadness in his eyes.

After Steven broke up with Nancy, he traveled to the United Kingdom to further his education and he has not seen her sister for seven years now.


###chapter 8
Sherry could still see the love in his eyes, she guessed that he is still in love with Nancy..she sighed when she remembered the way nancy behaves now.

"She is fine," Sherry replied, deciding not to say anything.

"Oh" Steven said, his eyes full of sadness.

"You just came back from abroad?" Sherry asked when she saw the sadness in his eyes.

After Steven broke up with Nancy, he traveled to the United Kingdom to further his education and he has not seen her sister for seven years now.



"Yes i just came back this month, i went to your house but i heard you moved away" Steven replied with a smile, like the sadness she saw in his eyes were just an illusion.

"Yes we moved". Sherry replied

"Where are you living now?"


"I'm living alone, my mom is living at Greenland street with Nancy" Sherry replied.

"Can you give me Nancy contact?" 


"Okay, 1456899965689" Sherry called it for him.

"Thank you"

Sherry nodded as a regard, "I'll be leaving first"

"Okay bye" Steven waved at her

"Yes, bye"

Sherry walked out of the mall.

She hailed a cab to Bryan's home.







She got home around 9.38pm, Bryan was not back, she walked into her room, after taking a showershe put on her night gown and she carried her laptop, lay down on the bed and started working.

She worked for an hour and thirty minutes, she didn't dare to sleep late so she wouldn't wake up late because she knew that she was going to meet Bryan's Grandma tomorrow so she had to sleep early.

She checked the time on her phone to check the timeit was 11pm already.

She yawned tiredly and turned off the light, she covered her body with the blanket and dozed off..


The next day.

Sherry woke up early today because she remembered that Bryan told her that they were going to visit his grandma.


She put on some makeup after dressing up. She checked her appearance in the mirror. She was what people would call stunningly beautiful. She had snow white skin, an oval face, pretty eyebrows and a set of soft lips that were bright red like cherries. Her bright eyes were cold and lifeless. 

She wore a white long skirt, with long flaxen hair resting on her back. With a big chest and a firm butt, her body was a graceful curve representing an S-shape.


She quickly dabbed a bit of powder on her face then she applied a new coat of pink lipstick on her lips.

She always liked to be indoor but since this is inevitable she had to go since she already signed a contract with him.

She hurriedly picked up a pair of black stiletto from her closet. She put it on and walked out of her room after dealing with her cat food.

She walked down the stairs step by step, Bryan was already sitting down in the living room waiting for her. Surprise flashed in his eyes when he saw her appearance but it flashed and disappeared quickly that no one would  notice.

"Let's go" Bryan stood up.

They walked out of the room together, Bryan opened the driver seat and got in. Sherry opened the passenger seat and sat down by his side.

Sherry took a deep breath and prepared herself to face Bryan's family.

___

Two hours later, a Mercedes Benz drove out of the town. 

The car drove into a street more like an estate. Sherry started seeing big houses, there are no small houses in the estate. 

The houses there would cost tens of billions.

The car moved and passed the big houses for nearly an hour before finally stopping at the Erik residence.

When Sherry got out of the car, she saw a very luxurious house. It was a three storied building.

High hall and elegant door, round arched Windows and cornerstones. It looked more beautiful than Bryan villa.

Surrounded by beautiful flowers and the shadow of an artificial mountain under the willow tree not far away, Sherry could see the green mountains and water in front of her.

A stream that was flowing down from the peak of the mountain had formed a different kind of scenery in this place.

The house looks like a little palace for a royal family. It contained an effective window system for good ventilation. The house is equipped with modern appliances and air-conditioning for comfort and convenience. Trees and flowers was  planted around it for decoration and to make it look beautiful

Bryan got down from the car and walked towards, he put his hand on her slender waist. He felt that his hand was just made for her waist.

"You know we must do this, right?" Bryan whispered in her ears, blowing his hot breath on her neck, he stared at her neck to see if she would blush or be shy but her expression was still the same.

'Boring' Bryan rolled his eyes when she saw her indifferent eyes, he started doubting if she actually liked a man or woman.

"Yes I know" Sherry answered, trying to calm her heart that was beating, accelerating like she would have a heart attack soon.

'Damn! This man is trying to seduce me but i won't fall for his honeytrap'

She knew that he did it purposely but she decided not to say anything.


He pulled her in through the door of the villa.

As soon as Bryan opened the door, Sherry could smell the fragrance coming inside.

It was lunch time and there seemed to be a servant preparing a sumptuous lunch. The glazed light shone on Sherry's face and she was dragged slowly by Bryan.

She was composed and not nervous because it is just a contract marriage, she doesn't need to please his grandma and besides this is not the first time she is meeting someone grandma.

She has met like five grandmas now from the other contract marriage she signed so she was used to it.








###chapter 9
The old residence.


The house was bright.

A massive crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling of the dining room.

The dining room was filled with delicacies.

An old woman in her seventies sat in the living room. She wore a blue gown, her gray hair was neatly combed.

Although she had reached old age, her appearance was still young like she was in her fifties, if not for her gray hair, the aura of a noble family made her look majestic.

"Madam Ruger, Master and Mistress are here" An elderly woman beside the Grandma said.

This was the scene Sherry saw when she followed Bryan into the living room

"Grandma" Bryan said, his voice was neither cold nor loud.

His Grandma stood up from the couch and approached them, she approached Sherry instead.

"Is this my Granddaughter-in-law?" Grandma stared at Bryan for confirmation. She was a little anxious but she doesn't want to admit the wrong. 

'What if the lady beside him is his Secretary, won't that be awkward?'


Bryan nodded.

Grandma smiled at Sherry dotingly, "How are you my daughter?" 


She felt a little awkward and surprised, She was feeling a little nervous for the first, although this was not the first contract marriage she signed..the Grandmas she met are always hostile towards her because they felt that she is not worthy of their son so she thought Bryan Grandma will be the samethis was the first time and elderly woman treated her so well so she was feeling a little awkward "I'm fine Madam"

"What Madam?" Grandma walked towards her and held her hand, her eyes were full of satisfaction, she asked, "are you guys not married yet?" 

"We already did," Sherry replied politely.

"Good girl..quickly call me Grandma like Bryan" Grandma said immediately.

She looked at her with expectations in her eyes, like if Sherry didn't call her Grandma it would make her sad.

Sherry's cold heart melted a little, because his Grandma made her remember her late Grandmother.

She stared at her Bryan for helpbut he was already sitting at the dining room acting oblivious to the situation.

She had no choice but to follow her wishes "Grandma.." Sherry called out obediently.

"Good!! Good!! Haha" Grandma said with happiness in her eyes.

"Come, come Good granddaughteryou must be hungry and tired from the long journey"  Grandma held her hand and led her to the dining room.

Sherry followed her obediently to the dining room, the woman she saw beside Grandma when they walked into together started serving the food..

Sherry stood up to help her.

"No leave it, you are a guest here dear" The woman smiled at her warmly, she was very satisfied with her.

When Grandma saw this, she became more satisfied with Sherry.

"Leave it for your Aunt Glady, she doesn't like people helping her" Grandma smiled at her.

Sherry nodded and sat down back.

They started eating silently while Aunty Gladys stood behind Grandma attending to all her needs.

She was already in her sixties, she had already served Grandma for many years and she was always respected by everyone but that doesn't make her become proud.


They finished eating soon. Grandma didn't know whether to cry or laugh when she remembered that she didn't even know her granddaughter-in -law's name. She asked with a smile, "Don't mind me dear, I was so excited that I forgot to ask for your name. What is your name?"


Sherry maintained a warm.smile on her face, "My name is Sherry Hue" She replied.

Sherry had thought his grandma would ask about her family and background.

But she never asked for it. 

She simply asked about her age, name and if she is still a student.

Grandma held her hand, and remarked, "I have always trusted my Grandson's judgment. Both of you have to bear a great grandchildren as soon as possible, i want to see my great grandchildren before i died" 

"No, Grandma, don't say that," Sherry quickly said.

"Grandma you will live long" Bryan also said at the same time.

"Well, you guys should bear great grandchildren quickly anyway" Grandma said with a teasing smile on her face.

Sherry was speechless when she heard, it was a pity that she is not destined to be the one to give the old madam a grandson.

"Grandma, we will try our best," Bryan smilingly said to his Grandma.

Sherry looked at him in shock, the man was also looking at her with a gentle and loving eyes. 

Her heart was pounding wildly.

Even though she knew that it was just an act.

Suddenly, the doorbell rang.

Aunty Gladys walked towards the door and opened it.

"Miss Flow?" Sherry heard Aunty Gladys' surprised tone.

Aunty Gladys opened the door widely for her.

The click-clack sound of high heels on the grounds was heard before a slender figure entered her view.

A woman stepped in wearing a formal, waist hugging suit and a narrow skirt of the same color, showing off her slender leg. She had long straight black hair that hung on both sides, adding to a touch of her coolness.

"Grandma" The woman called in a spoiled tone and ran towards Grandma, she wrapped her arms around Grandma's shoulders, rubbing against her in a spoiled manner.

"Flow, when did you come back from the United States?" Grandma smiled at her warmly.

Flow pouted a little, "Grandma..i came back last night, i missed you a lot so i decided to come to visit you first" Flow replied.

"Good girl" Grandma smiled happily when she heard this.

Flow stared at Bryan with obsession in her eyes "Brother Bryan, I'm back" Flow said.

"Ehn," Bryan replied coldly, not giving her a glance.

Flow was not feeling awkward, she was already used to his behavior.

She blinked in surprise when she saw the woman sitting down next to him, she felt a little jealous when she saw her beautiful face..she felt threatened.

"Brother Bryan, is this your Secretary?" Flow asked immediately.

"No..she is your sister in law" Grandma answered for Bryan.


A flow smile froze when she heard this.

Si-ster in l-aw?

But she had an engagement with brother Bryan before she left the country to study.

She couldn't resist asking, "Grandma, I thought Brother Bryan and I were engaged?" Flow asked bitterly.

"What nonsense?! What engagement?! It was just a joke between the elders . You should not take it seriously!" Grandma said sternly and looked at Sherry to see if she was angry.

She was happy when she didn't see signs of anger in her face, she couldn't resist replying to the flow so Sherry won't get mad and divorce her grandson. If Sherry divorce her grandson, who will marry her Grandson?

Although, she had it in mind for Flow and Bryan to get engaged before that is if Bryan accepts it but if Bryan rejected it she wouldn't have them engaged.





Flow was a little scared when she heard the way Grandma talked to her, Grandma had never talked to her like that before. It was all that woman's faultshe looked at Sherry with hatred in her eyes.

She quickly forced out a smile when Sherry's eyes met hers.



###chapter 10
"Sister-in-law, What is your name, I'm Flow Cunningham" Flow introduced  herself softly but she looked at Sherry arrogantly.

Sherry had heard about the Cunningham, Their company was on fifth level on the richest family in America. Most people were afraid and respected Cunningham because of their powers.. Sherry was not stupid she could understand what Flow was trying to tell her, she was telling her indirectly of her surname so Sherry would be sacred of her or flatter her.



"Sherry Hue" Sherry replied and acted like she didn't understand what she was trying to say.

She was a little curious about Bryan 's background, when his Grandma welcomed her she looked like a normal Grandma but once Flow mentioned his engagement with Bryan, Her aura was strong and powerful so she knew that they were not just normal rich families.

Flow was angry when she saw Sherry ignoring her. She felt like she was acting haughty.

Sherry Hue?

She had never heard of any socialite named that..she must find out her family background first before knowing her time to deal with her.

The atmosphere was tense and a little awkward when Flow walked infortunately, Aunty Gladys walked out of the kitchen with a tray in her.

She put the tray of food in front of Flow.

Flow thanked politely and elegantly before she started eating.

Aunty Gladys stood behind Grandma.

"Gladys, can you go into my room to bring what I prepared for my granddaughter in law?" Grandma said.

"Sure, hold on" Aunty Gladys walked away quickly.

Flow didn't talk because she was eating so the dining room was silent.


Aunty Gladys came back with a small box in her hand, she handed it to Grandma.

Grandma smiled at Sherry, "This is for you" She handed the box in her hand not giving her a chance to reject it.

"Grandma, I can't accept this," Sherry tried to return the box.

Grandma pouted at her, "Are you not happy to see me?" 

"I am happy," Sherry replied.

"Then accept it, it is my gift for you" Grandma said immediately.

"Grandma" Sherry tried to talk.

When Bryan interrupted her, "Just accept it since she gave it to you" 

Sherry listened to it and was about to keep it in her bag when she heard Flow's voice.

"What did Grandma give you sister-in-law? I'm so jealous..it is probably a good item.. Grandma didn't even treat me as good as she treats you" Flow said and lowered her head pitifully.

Grandma chuckled when she saw this, "Don't worry i have a gift for you too"


"Yaay.." Flow clapped her hands like a baby when she heard, she glanced at Sherry with an arrogant smile. She was sure her gift would be better than Sherry's gift, Because that box Grandma gave Sherry was a little old. "Sister-in-law, can I see the gift Grandma gave you?"

"Sure" Sherry smiled nonchalantly like she didn't see Flow's arrogant smile.

She opened the box, Flow stretched her head to look at the boxshe gasped when she saw what was in this box.


Is this not.?



Her smile froze when she saw the content inside the box.

Is this not the so-called ring the wives of the Ruger wore?

She heard that anybody who wears the ring can command the company and the secret agents in the Ruger residence. 

Flow stared at the ring she always wanted in a daze for a few seconds. What did she have exactly that made Grandma give her the ring?

She came from a peasant family and she was sure that she was not as beautiful and elegant as her.

She looked at with hatred in her eyes, she quickly forced out a smile so Grandma won't notice anything amiss.

"Wowthis ring is so beautiful" Flow smiled gently, she clenched her fist tightly to keep herself from closing control of her emotions.

Sherry nodded

She doesn't understand why Grandma gave the ring to her and what is the meaning of the ring.

She closed the box gently.

Aunty Gladys handed another box to Grandma.

Grandma smiled at Flow, "This is your own gift" 

Flow smiled and accepted it.

"Thank you Grandma, muah" She said with an innocent face.

Grandma smiled.

Flow opened her own box and her expression changed.

It was a stupid necklace!

Did she tell her that she lacked a necklace? She wanted the ring not the necklaceAH! AH! She is so angry that she almost burst out in anger.


She quickly found an excuse and left to prevent herself from losing control of her anger.

Grandma smiled when she saw this, she hoped Flow would give up now.

She could see Flow's emotion clearly even though she tried to hide it, that was why Grandma gave Sherry the box in Flow's presence so she could give up.



Bryan stood up, "We will be leaving now" 

Sherry also stood up when he did.

"You guys should stay for the night, i have cleaned up the room for you" Grandma said immediately.

Bryan sighed helplessly, "Yes" he agreed because he knew he had to if not Grandma will refuse to use her medicine.

Sherry looked at Bryan in surprise. He walked upstairs, and she quickly followed him into his room.


He pressed the light switch on the wall. The room was very big, it was two times her room in his house, it was painted in black and white..it was dull and moderate..he doesn't have any pictures hanging in his room.

He took off his suit and threw it on the couch in the room.

Bryan casually slipped his hand into his pocket and the corner of his lips slightly tilted.

He stared at her and suddenly lifted his leg and walked towards her.

Sherry quickly backed away until her back touched the wall.

Bryan stopped and smiled teasingly, "You should shower in the bathroom, I'll take a shower in the guest room"

He left without waiting for her reply.

Sherry was the only one left in the room. She looked hesitant at the bed in the bedroom and felt her scalp tingle.

Were they going to share the same bed?

But in the contract it is written that they won't be intimate right?





###chapter 11
Bryan stopped and smiled teasingly, "You should shower in the bathroom, I'll take a shower in the guest room"

He left without waiting for her reply.

Sherry was the only one left in the room. She looked hesitant at the bed in the bedroom and felt her scalp tingle.

Were they going to share the same bed?

But in the contract it is written that they won't be intimate right?



She shrugged off her thoughts and walked into the bathroom to take a bath.


Bryan returned from the bathroom ten minutes later, he heard the water running in the bathroom and understood that Sherry was still taking her shower.

He sat down on the bed waiting for her.

'Knock'

Someone knocked on the door of the room.

Bryan stood up from the bed and walked towards the door, he opened it and realized that it was Aunty Gladys.

She handed him a glass of milk.

"Grandma asked me to give Sherry this milk, and she should drink it when it is hot," Aunty Gladys said.


Bryan accepted it and closed the door.

He looked back and saw Sherry coming out from the bathroom with her pajamas.

He walked towards her and handed the glass of milk.

"Grandma asked me to give this to youdrink it while it is hot" 

Sherry nodded and accepted it.

She drank everything without suspecting anything.

She put the glass on the table after drinking the content.

"Uhm..I'll sleep on the floor you can sleep on the bed" Sherry said first.

"No you should sleep on the bed, I'll sleep on the couch" Bryan said and walked towards not giving her a chance to reject him he walked towards the couch and lay down immediately.


Sherry sighed when she saw this and walked towards the bed, she lay down on the bed and wrapped her body with a blanket. 

She felt a little hot and slightly uncomfortable..she removed the blanket from her body. She opened the window slightly because she was feeling hotter but the cold wind was refreshing. After standing at the window for a while, she felt a little dizzy and leaned against the window.

"What are you doing?" She heard Bryan voice behind her.

She could picture his sexy body without turning, his abs Damnwhat was she thinking?

Sherry cupped her face without replying to his question, her cheeks were burning up. 

"Close the window" Bryan said, he was already sleeping when he heard Sherry movement and stared at her he was surprised when he saw her opening the window.

However, Sherry stood motionless as if she had heard nothing. She doesn't want him to see the lust in her eyes.

He frowned and walked past her without giving her a glance and closed the window.

She felt the urge of jumping on him and rape him.

She stepped and lay down on the bed.

She didn't know she could be so horny, was it because it has been a while she did it? 

She felt a heatwave, her skin was flaming as hot as she felt, she didn't have a single drop of sweat. It was like she was having a fever.

"Uhmmm" Sherry couldn't help but moan. 

She lifted her leg a little so the cool breeze would calm her down.

"Ouch.." Sherry gasped as she fell hard onto the floor.

Startled, Bryan stood up from the couch and ran towards her, he helped her up. 

He found that she was burning up when he put his hand on her forehead.

Sherry felt her mouth dry when she saw the firm chest in front of her, she started tracing his chest slowly with her hand.

"Handsome" she muttered  under her breath.

"You have a fever?" He lifted her up and put her on the bed.

Sherry felt more dizzy, grasping his robe she tried to pull it down but she couldn't no matter how hard she tried.


She fanned herself with her hand, "So hot" 

"Hot?" Bryan asked.

She didn't say anything. Clenching her leg she rubbed her smooth thigh against his body and she stared at him after doing this.

Bryan could see the lust in her eyes.

Bryan moved away from her gaze but she quickly stared at him again, pleading with her eyes.

Her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were full of lust making her look seductive.

Bryan felt his mouth become dry when he saw her current situation.

Bryan tried to move away from her, Sherry gripped him tightly and moved her lips to kiss him but she ended kissing his neck.

"Please help sister, Okay?" Sherry pleaded 

She moved even more wildly and reached towards his dick..

He quickly caught her hand and looked at her, "Stop it, you don't know what you are doing"

Sherry ignored his words and stubbornly wrapped her arms around him trying to kiss him.

Bryan avoided her and she ended up kissing his Adams apple. 

His Adams apple bobbled, he was aroused but he was still feeling a bit clear headed.

"You will regret this, Sherry" Bryan tried to stop her.

"I won't!" She said firmly, she pressed her breast against him after saying this and kissed him in an unskilled manner.

He kissed her back slowly, groped her firm, soft breast.

She moaned in his mouth.

He moved his lips away from her mouth and kissed her neck instead, he bites leaving love bites on her neck.





The living room.

Aunty Gladys walked back into the living room, Grandma was waiting for her.

"Have you given her the milk?" She asked immediately.

"Yes," Aunty Gladys replied.

Grandma sighed, "I hope I'll get to see my Great Grandchildren after this, but will it work like the seller says?" Grandma looked a little worried.

"Don't worry, Grandma. It would work"  Aunty Gladys reassured the anxious old woman.


"Let's go to see, we won't peep, we will just listen from the door" Grandma said.

"Okay" Aunty Gladys sighed and followed her.

They walked towards Bryan's room, Grandma gestured for Aunty Gladys to listen and see, Aunty Gladys did as she instructed and nodded at her.

Grandma smiled immediately, she could already picture the way her Great Grandchildren will be. 

Young Bryan and Young Sherry.

She giggled happily and tiptoed to her room so she won't disturb them








###chapter 12
The living room.

Aunty Gladys walked back into the living room, Grandma was waiting for her.

"Have you given her the milk?" She asked immediately.

"Yes," Aunty Gladys replied


Grandma sighed, "I hope I'll get to see my Great Grandchildren after this, but will it work like the seller says?" Grandma looked a little worried.

"Don't worry, Grandma. It would work"  Aunty Gladys reassured the anxious old woman.


"Let's go to see, we won't peep, we will just listen from the door" Grandma said.

"Okay" Aunty Gladys sighed and followed her.

They walked towards Bryan's room, Grandma gestured for Aunty Gladys to listen and see, Aunty Gladys did as she instructed and nodded at her.

Grandma smiled immediately, she could already picture the way her Great Grandchildren will be. 

Young Bryan and Young Sherry.

She giggled happily and tiptoed to her room so she won't disturb them



It was very bright outside when Sherry opened her eyes, the first thing she saw first was Bryan's firm chest. His bronze skin was smooth. She looked up to see if he was awake, she blinked when she saw that he was looking down at her, his eyes full of dark circles.

They stared at each other.

His eyes were deep as a pond, she felt that her eyes could suck her in.

Sherry' heart suddenly skipped a beat.

She cringed and said, "I'll go to take a shower"

She tried to get up but pulled her back into his arms.

The man moved his mouth closer to ear, "Sherry, have you forgotten what happened last night?" 

The man's light voice was seductive, causing Sherry's heart to tremble..

What happened last night?

Sherry tried hard to remember but she still couldn't recall no matter how hard she thought.

The only thing on her head was his firm chest she saw when she woke up.

"I" She tried to say something but she didn't know what to say.

Bryan's eyes were focused on her lips the entire time and he saw the way her lips trembled.

He squinted his eyes and stared at her lips.

He remembered how sweet they tasted last night.

He suddenly has the urge to taste them again.

Sherry noticed his odd look and pushed him away quickly, she stood up from the bed a little nervous.

Knock

Someone knocked at the door, breaking the heated atmosphere.

Bryan sighed and walked towards the door, Sherry used the opportunity and ran into the bathroom.

She bit her lips and tried to calm her racing heart.

Yesterday a memory flowed into her head. She couldn't believe that she could be so horny yesterday.

She didn't suspect his Grandma at all but blamed herself for being horny.

She quickly took a shower, walked out of the bathroomBryan was not inside the room, she quickly changed her clothes and walked out of the room.

She walked into the living room, Grandma, Bryan and Aunty Gladys were already waiting in the dining room.

"Good morning Grandma" Sherry greeted her a bit embarrassed, she hoped Grandma didn't notice what happened last night.

Grandma smiled at her with an innocent gaze, "Good morning baby girl, did you sleep well?" 

Sherry sighed in relief when she noticed that Grandma wasn't behaving oddly, "Yes Grandma and you?" She asked out of courtesy.


Grandma sighed and said, "I slept very well and dreamt about my Great Grandchildren last nightSherry i hope you will give birth to little Bryan and little Sherry soon" Grandma looked at her pitifully.

Sherry blushed when she heard this..if she didn't study Grandma's expression well she would think that she knew what happened yesterday.

Besides they didn't do anything yesterday, Bryan carried her into the bathtub filled with water to calm her lust and she didn't know when she fell asleep and what happened after that.

She decided not to say anything and just meekly eat her food.

Grandma assumed that she was shy and didn't say anything after that, so she won't be uncomfortable.

They finished eating breakfast, and they left after bidding Grandma goodbye.


Bryan dropped her home and drove to the company.

She walked into her room, she lay down on the bed feeling a little weak and tired.

She decided to visit her mom. She always visits her mom once every week whenever she is less busy.


She walked out of the house, not forgetting to take the keys Bryan gave her before he left.

She hailed a taxi to her mom's place.

"Greenland Street" 

She told the driver immediately she sat down in the car.

She looked out the window.

The car stopped, she got down from the car and paid the driver.


She went into her mother's home. Although it wasn't too large, it was fine.

When she began working, she was the one who purchased the home. When she was sixteen years old, she had completed her secondary education. She was accepted into the college and relocated from their old home, which was too small to accommodate three people.


She then began putting in a lot of effort, as being the family's sole provider of income is not simple.
Because of the strain of being a single mother, her mother looked older than her actual age when she saw her mom sitting down in the living room, her sight made her heart ache a little. After her father fled with their whole funds, Beauty Hue, her mother, struggled mightily to provide for children and pay their school expenses.




Sherry believed she didn't have a father anymore because of the way her mother struggled when she was a child. Her father had already passed away in her heart. She adopted her grandfather's last name as her new last name. Her last name was Peter, but she detested the name and adopted her grandfather's name, Hue, when her mother saw this, she remained silent and didn't scold her about it.

She hated her father, but now she doesn't feel anything for him, he is just like a stranger in her life.

Yes, just a sperm donor.



###chapter 13
She said, "Mom," and sat down on the couch across from her.

Her mum gave her a soft smile and said, "Sherry you are finally here."


"Yes, did anything occur these days? I just decided to come and check up on you"

"Not everything is fine, how is your work?" Beauty Hue asked, her heart aches whenever she remembered how Sherry was forced to become mature when she was supposed to be a normal school girl.

She usually blamed herself for getting married to a scumbag.

Her parents advised her not to marry Sherry's father but she was blinded with love and defied her parents wishes.

Her parents disowned after this, what she regretted the most was not apologizing to her parents before they died.

She was really sorry, she didn't listen to their advice now her children are the one suffering for it now..

"Mom, everything is alright and no one is bullying me too" Sherry reassured her, she didn't know what her mom was thinking about and her mom doesn't know that she actually doesn't work part time anywhere.

She used both her body and brain to work.

When she means her body, it doesn't mean she was sleeping around with men, just like the contract marriage she signed with Bryan, her mom never knew that, that was what she was doingshe never told her too.

She stayed at her mom's place for a few hours before she stood up to leaveshe was about to leave when she heard her mom ask.

"Can y-ou give your sister a loan? a few million bucks, which she will give you back." Beauty asked a little hesitantly.

Sherry sighed and asked,"Why? What does she need it for?"


"She stated she wants to invest in a stock, REO, therefore she required it immediately", Beauty Hue said with a sigh.

Sherry traded stock so she knew about the stock her mom was talking about and she knew that the stock is bad, it is rising and everyone was buying it..everyone money keeps rising but she knew that it was only temporary and the stock will soon go bad so she can't waste her money just because her sister wants to invest in a bad stock  "Mom, the stock she wants to buy is a horrible one, and furthermore, I don't have that amount of money right now." Sherry remarked.


"Okay, I get it now, I already informed her that you wouldn't have that much money, but she insisted that I ask you", Beauty Hue stated helplessly.

"I'm sure you'd turn me down!" Nancy walked out of her room after saying this.


She had been eavesdropping on their conversation from her room and anticipated that Sherry wouldn't give her the money.

"Was it not because of you, I dropped out of school?" Sherry was yelled at by Nancy

When Sherry heard this, she frowned a little and decided to give her.

Her mother cut her off just as Sherry was about to tell her that she would give her.

Beauty harshly reprimands Nancy "Don't talk nonsense about you quitting school for her. I provided you money so you could pay your school fees, but you were the one who squandered it, and that was not the first time you did that, that was why I stopped paying your school fees".

Sherry was a little shocked, but she didn't show it; her face was still full of indifference. She really believed that her sister dropped out of school as a result of her, so she was constantly feeling a little guilty. Whenever she does something wrong, she will always forgive her and pay back any debts she borrowed from others, like the incident the other..


Sherry got up from the couch and said, "Mom, I'll be leaving now. I'll send your monthly money to you next month."

Beauty grinned, "I get it, be careful, and focus on your academics."


"Yes mom..bye" Sherry said.

"Bye"

Sherry left the house ignoring Nancy's irate expression.




She ate dinner outside before going back home because Bryan doesn't have a housekeeper to cook, when she got home Bryan was not home yet.  She walked into her room directly.

She lay down on the bed to sleep but she couldn't sleep when she finally slept.she woke up at midnight because of a nightmare.

It was the nightmare that had haunted her for three years now. The reason why she always slept very late was because of the nightmare, if her body was very tired and needed sleep she wouldn't have the nightmare and that is sometimes.

Wait!

She suddenly realized something, when she and Bryan slept together in his Grandma's she didn't have the nightmare. She also remembered that the first day she moved into his place, she was not sure if she had the nightmare or not.

She couldn't confirm her suspicion because she couldn't just walk to Bryan and ask him to sleep with her to test if she will have a nightmare or not, right?

She stood up and walked out of her room, she was afraid of sleeping againshe doesn't want to remember what she is desperately trying to forget.

She closed the door silently and walked towards the balcony. She sat down on the stool there and just looked at her surroundings but her heart was still heavy.

She dipped her hand into the coat she wore, she took out a pack of her cigarettes and lit it.

She was not a heavy smoker and she smokes except when she is feeling a little down like this, she smokes to relieve her heart.

She continued smokingshe slowly lost track of time.


She lit the sixth cigarette when she heard a voice ask behind her "You can't sleep?" 

She was startled because she didn't hear his footsteps.

She glanced at him briefly.. He was wearing his robe and he looked a little sexy..

She looked away from him, "en" she replied.

No one spoke after this, She finished smoking and walked past him.

"Good night" she said in a low tone and walked into her room.

She was feeling very weak and tired..so she lay down on the bed, she fell asleep quickly as she predicted.




 


###chapter 14

She ate dinner outside before going back home because Bryan doesn't have a housekeeper to cook, when she got home Bryan was not home yet.  She walked into her room directly.

She lay down on the bed to sleep but she couldn't sleep when she finally slept.she woke up at midnight because of a nightmare.

It was the nightmare that had haunted her for three years now. The reason why she always slept very late was because of the nightmare, if her body was very tired and needed sleep she wouldn't have the nightmare and that is sometimes.

Wait!

She suddenly realized something, when she and Bryan slept together in his Grandma's she didn't have the nightmare. She also remembered that the first day she moved into his place, she was not sure if she had the nightmare or not.

She couldn't confirm her suspicion because she couldn't just walk to Bryan and ask him to sleep with her to test if she will have a nightmare or not, right?

She stood up and walked out of her room, she was afraid of sleeping againshe doesn't want to remember what she is desperately trying to forget.

She closed the door silently and walked towards the balcony. She sat down on the stool there and just looked at her surroundings but her heart was still heavy.

She dipped her hand into the coat she wore, she took out a pack of her cigarettes and lit it.

She was not a heavy smoker and she smokes except when she is feeling a little down like this, she smokes to relieve her heart.

She continued smokingshe slowly lost track of time.


She lit the sixth cigarette when she heard a voice ask behind her "You can't sleep?" 

She was startled because she didn't hear his footsteps.

She glanced at him briefly.. He was wearing his robe and he looked a little sexy..

She looked away from him, "en" she replied.

No one spoke after this, She finished smoking and walked past him.

"Good night" she said in a low tone and walked into her room.

She was feeling very weak and tired..so she lay down on the bed, she fell asleep quickly as she predicted.




She woke up early, she only slept for an hour and thirty minutes.
She took a shower, wore her clothes and walked out of her room.
When she got to the living room, Bryan was not thereshe guessed maybe he was still sleeping.
She walked out of the house and hailed a cab to school.
The class was so smooth because Vera was absent from school so there was no one to bother her.
After class, she was about to walk out of the class when a girl stopped. The girl looked beautiful and cute but she put on a glass which was hiding her beauty, Sherry was sure the girl would be more beautiful without a glass on.
"Hi, I'm Tara" the girl introduced herself shyly.
Sherry nodded in acknowledgement not saying anything.
Tara was not embarrassed when she saw this, "can we be friends?" Tara asked.
Sherry pursed her lower lip, "No" She replied and walked out of the class.
Sometimes people think she is proud, but she was not and she doesn't feel like she had the obligation to explain anything to them, she also tried to have friends when she was young but all she got was betrayals and she was framed a lot by themso she gave up and decided not have friends anymore and just be alone because she hates conflict too.
She walked out of the school and was about to hail a cab when a Rolls Royce stopped in front of her.
She furrowed her brows, a little annoyed she was about to walk away when the passenger window opened.
Why is he here? 
"Get in"
She heard him say.
She complied and opened the car door, she got in.
She sat down beside him, she looked out of the window feeling a little bored..
Her eyes grew heavy and she felt a little sleepy because she didn't sleep well today but she doesn't want to sleep.
Bryan was settling a few emails on his laptop. He suddenly felt something heavy on his shoulder, got turned and looked at his shoulder.
He saw that it was Sherry, her eyes were closed..it seems she fell asleep.
He didn't wake up because he knew that she didn't sleep well last night for some reason he didn't know.
He raised his head and said to Calvin who was driving, "Drive a little slower" 
"Yes Boss" 
Bryan closed his laptop and put it aside and gently reached out to shift the girl who was still sleeping from his shoulder so her head wouldn't hurt later when she woke up..he decided to place her head on his lap instead.
He then covered her body securely with his suit.
The car drove into his house.
He gently carried her out of the car in bridal style, he carried her into her room, and laid her down on the bed.
Sherry was very sound asleep.
She didn't even wake up when Bryan carried her into the bedroom and placed her on the bed. 
She looked petite and vulnerable on the soft bed. Her long hair covered half her face. She looked innocent and adorable unlike the way she usually looked, which was indifferent and cold.
Bryan sat down by the bed, he stroked her soft face. He watched her peaceful expression, his eyes landed on her lips which looked soft so that he would love to take a bite again.
He planted a soft kiss on her lips.
But it wasn't normal, he felt like he should taste all of her again. He wants to see if her lips will be sweet like when he kissed them in his Grandma's place.
But his rationality told him not to and the dark circles on her face stopped him too.
He stood up and left her room quickly before he lose control and deepen the kiss

It was the next day, Sherry finally woke up.
The moment she opened her eyes, the first person she saw was Bryan who was sitting down by the bed looking at her.
She fell into a daze for a few seconds when she saw him.
What is he doing here?
She suddenly remembered that he came to pick her up from school yesterday eveningit seems she fell asleep in his car right?
"Good morning" She heard his sexy voice.
"Good morning," she muttered.
She tried to stand up, she looked at her body and realized that the clothes she was putting on was different from the one she wore yesterday.
She blinked her eyes in surprise but the clothes were still on her body.
She raised her head and looked at him with questions in her eyes. She blushed and asked "These clothes"
"I changed it for you" he said nonchalantly.
Her face flushed and she opened her mouth in shock "You" 
He raised an eyebrow and asked "What about me? What is there that I have not seen before ? Didn't i also change your clothes for you at Grandma's place?" He smiled teasingly.. "Besides the front is very small so i don't have interest in it" he smirked at her.
"You"
What a hooligan!
He is bullying me!!
"It is not small at all, it is a B cup!!" She tried to defend her breast.
"Oh but it looks small when i was changing your clothes.
Sherry ".."
Damn she doesn't want to talk to this shameless man.
She stood up from the bed and walked into the bathroom, she closed the door with a 'bang'
She rested her body on the door and put a hand on her chest, her heart was beating so fast in front of him she didn't want him to know that was why she left quickly.
Bryan smiled when he saw her close the bathroom door.
He sighed and walked out of her roomyesterday when he was about to walk out of her room, she suddenly started crying in her sleep. He quickly consoled when he saw that she had calmed down. He tried to leave but she held her hand and refused to let go.
So he had no choice but to stay in her room.
If only


###chapter 15
He raised an eyebrow and asked "What about me? What is there that I have not seen before ? Didn't i also change your clothes for you at Grandma's place?" He smiled teasingly.. "Besides the front is very small so i don't have interest in it" he smirked at her.
"You"
What a hooligan!
He is bullying me!!
"It is not small at all, it is a B cup!!" She tried to defend her breast.
"Oh but it looks small when i was changing your clothes.
Sherry ".."
Damn she doesn't want to talk to this shameless man.
She stood up from the bed and walked into the bathroom, she closed the door with a 'bang'
She rested her body on the door and put a hand on her chest, her heart was beating so fast in front of him she didn't want him to know that was why she left quickly.
Bryan smiled when he saw her close the bathroom door.
He sighed and walked out of her roomyesterday when he was about to walk out of her room, she suddenly started crying in her sleep. He quickly consoled when he saw that she had calmed down. He tried to leave but she held her hand and refused to let go.
So he had no choice but to stay in her room.
If only



By the time she walked out of the bathroom, she didn't see him in her room.
She heaved a sigh of relief.
She quickly changed her clothes, she didn't have classes today..and she doesn't have any friends so she could only work and make some money instead.
She took out her laptop and started workingshe lost track of time and she even forgot that she hasn't even eaten breakfast yet..
She looked at the time, and realized that it was 1 pm already. She stretched her tired body, her body was aching because she has been sleeping in one position for six hours now. Her stomach growled noisily, reminding her that she hasn't fed herself today.
She didn't eat dinner last night either. She took her phone and ordered a takeout.

After eating lunch, she stood up and walked out of her roomshe is tired from looking at her laptop screen
She walked out of the house, she didn't see Bryan so she guessed that he had gone to work.
She decided to stroll around aimlessly, she saw a mall and entered the mall to see if she would need anything.
She looked around and didn't see anything she was interested in, her stomach was feeling uncomfortable so she walked into the ladies room in the mall.
She walked into the ladies room, after finishing her business. She walked out, she was about to walk out of the mall when she saw a familiar face.
It was Emma.
Her friend from high school.
He was the only friend she had in high school, after she was framed and stepped on by the people she called her friends.
It was only him who stood by her side, she never Treated him as a friend in the first place, she thought only the friends who betrayed her in the end were the only ones who treated her wellbut at the end of the day she realized that they were just fake friends..
She owed Emma big time, that was why she avoided him; she felt that she didn't deserve to be his friend.
He was about twenty years old, wearing rimless glass. His skin was fair and nose was straight, he smiled at her warmly, "Hi, Ery" 
She heard him say, she raised her head and looked at him.
He was the only one who ever called her Ery, She bit her lower lips, she has changed a lot but he still recognized her?
"Do I know you?" She pretended not to recognize him.
He faked a hurt face, "You have forgotten about me? I'm Emma from Nevermore high school" 
"Oh Emma, how did you recognize me?" She asked curiously.
She was trying to avoid him by pretending not to know him, but she decided not to.
", I'll recognize you even if you become 50 years old," Emma replied with a smile on his face.
"Oh" she muttered.
"How about we grab some food?" Emma asked with a smile on his face.
"Okay" Sherry replied.
She was bored anyway and was looking for ways to kill time so she followed him.

They sat down inside a restaurant, Emma called a waiter and handed the menu to her.
She ordered some things, Emma also ordered beer.
They started chatting. Now it is more like Emma doing the talking while Sherry will nod sometimes or say something.
"You have changed a lot, Sherry," Emma suddenly says.
Sherry forced out a chuckle, "Everyone changes" 
Emma shook his head, "No you were never like this"
Sherry smiled without replying, she didn't know what to say.
She stood up from her seat, "I'll be leaving first" 
"I'll give you a ride it is late now" 
"It's okay i can take a taxi"
"No I'll drop you off" Emma insisted.
Sherry checked the time and found that it was about 9 o'clock, it was not too late but it will be difficult to get a taxi at this hour. She nodded, "Okay, thank you in advance"
They walked out of the restaurant together, immediately they walked out of the restaurant she saw Bryan with that woman she saw in his Grandma's place, Flow walked out of the restaurant also.
They were talking and laughing, it is more like Flow doing the talking and laughing at her joke the man beside her just had an indifference expression.
Sherry glanced at them briefly like she doesn't know them, Emma opened the door for Sherry like a gentleman. However, before Sherry went inside she heard Flow called her name from behind.



"Miss Sherry?" 
She looked over with a frown on her face. 
"Ah, it is really you," Flow exclaimed.
Bryan was also looking at her.
Flow looked at Bryan expecting him to do something, no man would stand aside and watch their wife enter another man's car right? She looked at Sherry looking like she was about to watch a show.
"Miss Flow," Sherry said indifferently.
"You are going home?" Bryan asked calmly.
Flow expression changed when she heard this, is he not supposed to be angry if his wife is about to enter another man's car?





###chapter 16

"Yes," Sherry replied calmly.
"I'll take you," Bryan said.
She looked at Emma, "I'll follow him..thank you for today" She said after contemplating it for a while.
"Okay" Emma nodded.
Bryan walked towards her and put his hand on her waist, Sherry tried to struggle in his arms but he held her firmly.
"Flow is here, do you want to continue struggling?" He whispered into her ears, his hot breath fanned her ears.
Her heart raced, it was beating so fast that she thought she would have a heart attack, but upon hearing his words she stopped struggling.
 He straightened his body and looked at her "Let's go?" 
Sherry nodded "Okay" 
"Uhmhe is your boyfriend?" Emma asked, a little shocked.
Sherry was about to say 'yes' when Bryan replied, "No, I'm her husband" 
Emma looked shocked, he stared at her, "Ery, you are married?" 
'Ery? How intimate'
Bryan pursues his lips, 'why does he feel a little angry?'
``It is just a contract marriage anyway.
"Yes" Sherry replied, they are truly married even though it is a contract marriage right now which will end soon.
"Okay, bye" Emma waved at her, and went inside his car, he drove away.
Calvin drove his car to where they were. 
Flow opened the passenger seat and was about to go inside, when Bryan stopped her, "Sit down beside Calvin" he said coldly.
Flow back stiffened immediately when she heard this.. She forced out a smile at Sherry, "I'm sorry, I forgot sister-in-law is hereso sister-in-law should be the one to sit there" She went ahead and sat down beside Calvin.
Bryan opened the car door, he allowed Sherry to get in first before sitting down next to her.
Sherry looked out of the window as usual, she felt a gaze on her and looked beside her she saw Bryan Bryan looking at her. His eyes were so deep. 
Sherry felt something was a little off when she saw him looking at her and asked, "what is it?" 
Bryan didn't speak, his eyes were still fixed on her face.
She was starting to get nervous, and licked her lips subconsciously that is what she does whenever she is nervous.
His eyes followed her movement immediately.
Sherry became more nervous when she saw him looking at her lips, she blushed immediately.
Flow clenched her fist when she saw their position.
'Does he want to kiss her?' 
'That shameless bitch is even seducing him inside the car, shameless!'
She purposely dropped her phone on the floor so it would stop them.
'Bang'
"Aiya, I'm so careless" She said like she was trying to scold herself.
She looked at them from the mirror and saw that Sherry was now looking out of the window.
She had to admit that Sherry's looks were definitely comparable to hers.
Sherrylooked even better than her.
Sherry had a pretty little face and lush long hair. 
Flow was pretty, educated, and had a rather impressive background.
No other girl in her social circle was more outstanding than her. And they tried hard to please her.
This made her a little proud and she looked down on them.
This was the first time Flow felt threatened and alsojealous.
"Miss Flow?" Calvin called her.
She snapped out of her thought and smiled at Calvin with a gentle smile on her face.
Calvin felt goosebumps when he saw her smile "We have got to your house" Calvin replied politely with a straight face.
Flow looked out of the window, realized that she had gotten home already.
"I didn't know we were already here Thank you for the ride Brother Bryan" Flow smiled at Bryan.
Bryan's face was still indifferent, he didn't even glance at her.
Flow bit her lips in anger, not angry at Bryan but at Sherry
 'It was all her fault'.
She maintained her smile and got out of the car.
She walked towards her house gate elegantly, thinking that Bryan was watching her. She opened her gate and looked back, she didn't see traces of his car.
She clenched her fist tightly, her gentle smile disappeared from her facewhat remained in her face was a hint of viciousness.


_____


It was already late by the time they got home. She walked into the house with Bryan trailing behind her.

It was quiet, no one talk. She started climbing the stairs so she could avoid him, she knew that he would use the elevator instead but she was shocked when she heard his footsteps behind her.

She looked back, however, she slipped and fell back immediately. When Sherry thought she was about to be injured, a strong arm pulled her back.



###chapter 17
She fell forward instead, she was trying to grab anything she could. Losing her balance, she held something.

Sherry then realized that her hands were holding his narrow waist. Her lips parted with surprise.

Bryan could see her movement, she looked seductive. 

He suddenly felt an unbearable heat rising from his crotch. His mouth dry, his eyes became darker and Adams apple bobbled.

Damn it!

He cursed, he quick steadied her after making sure she won't fall down he quickly ran towards his room afraid that he would lose control of himself.

Sherry looked at his back in surprise, she shrugged and walked towards her room.

She walked into her room, she showered and wore her pajamas.

She lay down on her bed feeling a little tired and sleepy.

She fell asleep in seconds.


Twenty minutes after she fell asleep, the room to her door openeda man walked into her room and stared at her peaceful look.

He sat down by the bed side, and stared at her, his eyes gradually fall on her pink, soft lips.

He bent down and give her a peck on her lips, but he didn't feel satisfied and depeened the kiss a little. Licking her mouth softly. 

She stirred like she was about to wake up because she was feeling a little suffocated, he quickly released her lips. 

Sherry was suddenly surrounded by water in her dreams.

"Help mehelp me.." 

Sherry Hue was trying hard to breathe, struggling with her hands like someone drowning, trying to grab something. Her voice sounded desperate. 

Bryan was about to put his hand behind her back to console her, Sherry grabbed his arms.

She looked relieved, she was soaked in sweat. 

Bryan frowned a little.

He was a little curious about what her nightmare was but he couldn't ask her.

She was sound asleep again. 

He tried to remove his hand from her hand but she held his hand tighter.

"I'm sorry.. I won't do it again" She whispered, her voice sounded sad.

Bryan stopped moving and let her just hold his arms.




Sherry woke up the next day feeling refreshed, she took her bath and wore a casual clothes. 

She carried her bag and walked out of her room.

She has lectures today.

The moment she walked out of her room, Bryan also walked out of his room. Looking handsome, dark circles formed around his eyes. 

Her heart raced when she saw how sexy he looked.

"Good morning" Sherry greeted him feeling a bit awkward and nervous.

Bryan ignored her and walked to the living room. She sighed in relief when he ignored her.

She suddenly remembered that she forgot her phone inside her room. She sighed and walked back into her room.

She saw her phone on the table, she picked it and checked to see if she has any messages.

She got a message from Bryan.

It says, 'Come to my room' 

Her heart raced when she saw this.

'Is he horny and wants to do.?'

She pinched her waist to stop herself from thinking dirty.

She walked out of her room, she went to his room, tried to stop her heart that was beating so fast.

She calm down a bit and knocked on the door.

"Come in" She heard him say from his room.

She took a deep breath and opened the door, the scene she saw surprised her.

Bryan was inside his room, with a towel tied around his waist.

Tonned upper body, bulging abdominal muscles, the water dropped on his tanned waist.

It seemed he just finished taking a shower.

He approached her, Sherry felt the room became warmer making her mouth dry. She subconsciously moved back and cleared her throat, "I saw your text message"

Bryan smiled inwardly when he saw how she acted.

'Hmph he was sure she won't be able to resist him'

It seemed he had forgotten that he is the one who has been sneaking into her room and kissing her while she was sleeping.


Bryan nodded, his curly hair still dripping. He looked so sexy! Sherry blushed.

She felt like pushing him on the bed and rape. Just a taste of this handsome man was enough.

Damn! She is thinking dirty again.

It was not her fault anyone, it was this man who seduced her first.

He handed her an envelope, Sherry took it and looked at him with questions in her eyes.

"Your payment for this week" He said his voice sounded sexy in her ears.

She felt the envelope, it was heavy.

She forgot that it was just a contract marriage between which would end soon.

It remains two months and three weeks.

They are not compatible anyway, he is rich and girls will flock around him with a flick of his fingers.

"Thank you"

She replied.

"I'll be leaving first" She said and walked out of his room.

She hailed a cab to school

She walked into her class, fortunately the lecturer was not there yet, She went to sit down in her seat.

The lecturer arrived within 30 mins and he started teaching them.

After the lecture ended, Sherry was about to leave the class, when a girl walked towards her.

"Hi, the administrator asked you to come to her office immediately," The girl said.

Sherry nodded.

She was a little confused about why the administrator would be asking her to come but she still made up her mind and went to her office.

She knocked on the door, she entered when she heard a reply from inside..

The school administrator is a woman, she looked beautiful and stern.

"You asked someone to call me?" Sherry asked after greeting her.

"Yes, Miss Sherry" The administrator smiled elegantly, she continued "i heard you didn't attend the flower class last semester and didn't even do the exam?" Evelyn, the administrator asked.

Sherry frowned when she heard this, it was true that she didn't attend the flower class last semester because she found the class boring and she thought it is only for girls who wants to marry into a rich family, she is not interested in getting married or fall in love with someone so she doesn't really need it, her plan after making enough money was to travel to another country and settle down there then employ a surrogate and after she get pregnant. She will pay him off. 

"Yes, i found it boring" Sherry said truthfully, she was a straightforward person and when she doesn't like something she will say it immediately without bothering to pretend that she likes it.


Evelyn smiled at how frank Sherry was, "Miss Sherry, the flower class is an important and compulsory course even if you don't like it. You should still attend it, just bear with it" Evelyn advised her.

She liked Sherry a lot, not only is she beautiful, she also have a good grade and she is not proud and very polite most importantly she liked frank and straightforward girls, she made an exception for Sherry because of her good grades that was why she was able to be in the second level, she was supposed to be in the first level.


"Fine" Sherry sighed she would just treat it like a normal and boring class then.

Evelyn smiled when she heard this and dismissed her.

Sherry checked her phone to see the class she was having next, it was the flower class.

She bit her lips and walked towards where the flower class was being held.




###chapter 18

She walked into the class, almost all the seats were occupied, she looked around and saw a seat beside the girl who came to meet her the day before yesterday, Tara and a space beside Vera.

Tara was waving at her immediately as she walked into the class. She doesn't want to sit beside that spoiled brat Vera, so she opt for Tara. She walked towards Tara and sat down next to her.

Tara smiled widely when Sherry sat down beside, "I can't believe you are sitting beside me," Tara said in disbelief.

"Why?" Sherry asked curiously, the class was boring anyway so she decided to talk with Tara instead.

"I heard about how good your grades were, and I have been admiring you since then. To me you are like a role model" Tara smiled, Sherry looked at her, she looked so innocent, and cute.

"Oh" Sherry muttered.

Tara didn't mind that Sherry didn't reply to her that much. She continued talking, even though Sherry didn't talk or answer that much.

Soon the lecturer walked into the class, it was a female lecturer.

She smiled when she saw Sherry, "Miss Sherry I'm happy you attended my lecture this semester" Glory chuckled.

Sherry nodded, she didn't know what to say.

Glory smiled, not feeling embarrassed when she saw this.

"Okay guys we stopped at types of flowers, who can name ten types of flowers?" Glory started the lecture.

No one spoke after she asked this question.

Vera was about to stand up arrogantly when no one could answer the question.

Sherry said without standing up, she just wanted the class to end quickly so she could leave,  "1) CARNATIONS : These ruffle flowers are perfect for the romantic on a budget. White and pink carnations are popular amongst high schoolers during Valentine's Day for their low price and sweet sentiment. They stand for new love and have a cheerful blossom. 2) IRISES
Purple is the color of royalty, so it's no wonder that these flowers stand for faith and hope. While the most popular color of the Iris flower is blue, they also come in white and yellow.

The Iris is named after the Greek Goddess, Iris who was thought to link the heavens with the earth and was often personified as a rainbow. These flowers were placed next to graves to help the deceased pass on to the next life before becoming the flower of France, and the Fleur-de-lis. 3) LAVENDER
This sweet-smelling flower is given to others as a sign of devotion. The scent is calming and is also great for anyone who needs calming or stress relief. There is no surprise that these are a popular flower, with their unique look and therapeutic qualities. 

This is a great flower to plant in your garden and backyard so that you can enjoy the lovely aroma. 4) ROSES
Red roses are Valentine's Day and Anniversary celebration staples due to their symbol of love and beauty. They've symbolized such perfection since ancient times, as the Ancient Romans and Greeks associated roses with the goddesses of love, Venus and Aphrodite. These flowers are can also be pricey, which makes them feel even more special, 5) TULIPS 
Often associated with spring and Easter, these flowers reflect perfect love with their small, simple layered bloom. They originated in Persia and Turkey, where they were used in wedding ceremonies. The red tulips are most associated with this idea of perfect love and unity 6) SUNFLOWERS
These bright flowers reflect warmth, loyalty, and happiness. These flowers grow towards the sun, getting nourishment from its warmth and light. These are a great gift for anyone who needs their day brightened, or to show someone how much they warm your life 7) GARDENIAS 
These beautiful white and fragrant flowers signify purity and joy. They are a bit expensive but make a perfect gift for the Christmas Holidays. They are also very popular for wedding celebrations with their pure connotations. 8) ORCHIDS
This exotic flower represents strength, luxury, and beauty. With over 20,000 different species, the orchid comes in many different types and colors. While the pink and purple orchid are the most popular, yellow orchids represent new beginnings and are a great gift for the beginning of a new romance 9) DAISIES
Daisies are typically associated with youth, innocence, and purity. These flowers are often gifted to new mothers. Daisies can also be eaten, and are often made into daisy tea which can assist with respiratory issues. They can be made into oils or lotions and assist in healing irritated skin and wounds. DAISIES
Daisies are typically associated with youth, innocence, and purity. These flowers are often gifted to new mothers. Daisies can also be eaten, and are often made into daisy tea which can assist with respiratory issues. They can be made into oils or lotions and assist in healing irritated skin and wounds'' .  Sherry said everything in one breath.

Vera's smug smile froze when she heard this.


She sat down on her seat back a little embarrassed and awkward.

"Wow, this is nice," Glory said, a little impressed.

She had heard about Sherry being brilliant but she thought it was just hearsay, but now she is really impressed.

"Miss Sherry, are you sure you have never attended a flower class lecture before?" Glory asked, a little shocked.

"No," Sherry said and continued, "I have seen these in biology textbooks." She replied honestly.

She has come across them once, her EQ and IQ are very high so once she comes across something or reads something once, she will always remember it.

Everyone was a little shocked and envious when they heard this, 'she only came across it once and she could still remember them?' 

But Vera felt that Sherry was just showing off.

The lecture finally ended to Sherry's relief..

Tara bid her a goodbye when she was about to leave, Sherry answered her.

She went to the women's washroom, after finishing her business, she was about to walk out when she heard a woman's voice from the restroom.

"Vera, the violin contest is coming soon, you know you are always the winnerbut we should take precautions about this Sherry bitch before she takes over you completely" She heard a voice, she didn't know who that was.

"I know you don't have to tell me, I already have a surprise for herI hate the way she acts arrogantly just because she is pretty and has better grades than me" Sherry could hear gritting her teeth.

   
"Do you have a good plan? Can you tell me what it is about?" 

", I'll send some to destroy her thumb, that is all I have to do," Vera said arrogantly.

"Are you sure that will work?" 

"What are you worried about? It would surely work" Vera reassured the girl.


"Okay let's quickly leave" 


Sherry heard that they were about to walk out of the restroom, so she quickly left the restroom.

Hmph, want to destroy her thumb? 

She doesn't count Vera as anything before, she thought she was just a spoiled rich family daughter who relied on her background to bully others.

She is nothing to her.

###chapter 19

She went home after eating dinner outside, when she got home no one was at home.

She walked into her room and sat down on the bed.

Suddenly, she felt a wave of pains in her stomach, turning pale and she felt something was flowing down her legs. Sherry Hue immediately knew what was going on. It was her period, her period has always been irregular. 

It hurt so muchSherry covered her stomach and lay down in the same position.

Her period cramps weren't anything new to her. 

It is always so painful that she would faint a lot of times. 

She bit her lips to keep herself from yelling, She clenched her fist tightly as the wave of pain's assault her stomach.

Even if someone entered the room, they won't suspect that something is wrong with her, you can only notice her odd behavior because of the beads of sweat in her forehead, her pale face and the way she clenched her fist tightly.

She was already used to the pain, besides she hated anything medicine or injection, even drip. She hated it, so whenever she is sick or feeling pain she always keeps it to herself and she is already used to it.

Besides, her period cramps weren't as painful as this when she first got it. It was all her foolishness that caused it, she got her period when she was in high school, she got it late.


Then, she has some friends and they discuss things like period etc, when almost all her friends have gotten their period. She hadn't seen it, she was a little anxious but she had no one to tell because her mother always travels. She felt envious of her friends a lot 


When she finally got her period, she was seventeen years old, whenever her friends are in their period, they always complain about having cramps, but she doesn't have cramps in fact her period was not painful at allbut she was not satisfied and also wanted to feel the period cramps herself, so she ate a lot of cold things and anything sweet so she could also feel it which she later felt it.. But she regrets it now..


It was painful that sometimes she wished she was dead, the first day is always painful but the second day is not that painful.


"M-mm.." Sherry moaned in pain, there were no tears in her eyes but there were a bid of sweats on her forehead.

The pain relieved her a little,  Sherry let out a sigh of relief. She tried to stand up , however she suddenly blacked out and fell back on the bed.


By the time she woke up, her cramps had relieved her a lot

She got up from the bed and checked the time, it was 7 o'clock pm.

She showered and washed her body, she felt a little better after showering. She changed her clothes and walked out of the house.

She took a taxi to a pharmacy and bought some pads.

She walked out of the pharmacy after paying the cashier.

She was about to hail a taxi when she heard someone call her name from behind.

"Sherry?" 

She looked back to see who called her, she was a little surprised.

"Jackson?" 

She called out a bit of surprise.

It was her ex boyfriend.

He was wearing casual clothes, with a brilliant smile on his face.

"You've become so pretty, it has been a while," Jackson said with a smile on his face.

"Yh" Sherry replied.

He was her first love and the first boyfriend she ever had in high school but he cheated on her with another girl, she didn't know that he had been dating that girl for a long period of time before they started dating.

She caught them one day and finally knew the truth, she broke up with him but they were still talking as friends.

It hurt her a lot but she pretended like she was not affected and hid all her pains instead, even till now it still hurt her but not as much as before .

"How about we grab some tea?" Jackson suggested.

Sherry nodded.

They walked into a cafe, after sitting down Jackson called the waiter to order.

"I remembered that you loved tea back then," Jackson suddenly said.

Sherry smiled, "I don't like tea anymore, i like coffee now" 

It was true that she liked tea and she still liked it but she preferred coffee, the bitter taste reminded her that she should trust no one but herself.

Jackson smiled awkwardly when he heard this, "Your taste changed" he turned and looked at the waiter, and ordered for coffees.

"Do you have a boyfriend now?" Jackson asked, he leaned back on the chair in a leisurely manner.

"Yes" Sherry said, she felt a little uncomfortable because of her period.

"You already moved on" Jackson gave a bitter smile. He was about to continue talking when his phone rang.


And by the way before you go
I'd like to say
I love you so
if it's goodbye maybe for good
I will not cry
maybe I should
and I
I love you so

Oh how this year has slipped away
we shed no tears
so why today
and all this time has made me feel
love is no crime
and love is real
and I
Ooh! and I love you so
and I ooh I love you so

Remember me when you're far away
I'll remember you
no matter where I stay

And by the way before you go
I like to say
I love you so
and all this time has made me feel
love is no crime and love is real
maybe I should
and I
I ooh I love you
I ooh I love you so
Ooh I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you and I love you baby
more than words can say
I know you can't stay
I love you anyway
Baby I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you
I love you babe
I got to say
Anyway, I love you baby.



The ringtone was the song she composed for him on his birthday when they were dating, listening to the song now she felt life was ironic.

He picked up his phone and talked with the person briefly before hanging up.

"Sorry about that" He gave an apologetic smile.

"It is fine," Sherry replied.

The waiter came back with their orders.

Sherry took one of the coffee and drank it quickly to force the bitterness on her throat down.

"I can't move on Sherry, I think I'm still in love with you," Jackson confessed with a bitter smile on his face.

"Jackson, everything already ended and it can't continue again. Besides I have a boyfriend I love now, we can only be friends," Sherry replied and took a sip of her coffee.


Jackson was about to talk when his phone rang once more. He picked it up and talked on the phone briefly before he hung up.

"Sherry, sorry I have to leave now I have something important to attend to it" Jackson said.

He bent down and moved towards her, Sherry shrank back when she saw him bringing his face towards her.

"Just a peck?" Jackson asked when he saw her shrank back.

"No" Sherry rejected him coldly.

"Ok, let's meet later," Jackson said and hurriedly left.

Sherry sighed and continued drinking her coffee.

When she suddenly saw something in the seat Jackson sat.



###chapter 20

It was a bracelet she always saw with Jackson, he told her that it was very important to him because his late mother gave it to him.

She took it and looked towards where Jackson passed.

She carried her back and walked out of the cafe, it was around 8 o'clock by now.

She walked towards the direction he passed to see if she would be lucky to see him.

After walking for a while she didn't see him, she sighed and decided to help him keep it and decided to give it to him any day she saw him.

She walked towards a silent narrow part, it was dark and a little quiet there, she was about to turn back when she saw how quiet it was..   Until she heard two familiar voices.

It was Jackson and Wendy.

"Did you do what I asked you to do?" She heard Wendy ask.

"Yes, I did," Jackson replied.

"What did you guys talk about for so long?" Wendy pouted.

"Are you jealous? You don't have to, it is only you I love the most" Jackson said.

She peeped into the corner and she saw them making out while talking.

"That bitch is too foolish. She thought you really loved her in high school," Wendy said. A hint of mockery was heard in her voice.

"Yes, she didn't know you were the one who asked me to confess to her," Jackson replied.

"Thank you for helping me this time muah" Wendy said.

"Anything for you babe" Jackson replied 

Sherry's heart trembled when she heard this So even her first dating was all her hallucination?

Wendy was her best friend in school but Sherry didn't know that she is a hypocrite, she was framed a lot of times by Wendy in high school. Sherry stopped talking to her after this.

She never knew that Wendy was also behind it. She remembered the way she always told Wendy everything that happened between Jackson and her.

Now she felt everything was ridiculous, everything was just her imagination but what did she own Wendy that made her treat her like this even though she treated Wendy sincerely?.

Sherry didn't know how she walked out of that narrow part or the things they discussed later.

She felt a little lifeless, so her first love story was just her wishful thinking.

That is more reason for her never to fall in love or trust someone, everybody is just a hypocrite.

She continued walking aimlessly in the cold night, even though she was shivering, she didn't stop walking before she finally stopped in front of a bar.

She suddenly felt an urge to drink alcohol to drown all her sorrows and sadness.

She walked into the bar and ordered two strong alcoholic drinks.

She started drinking, she finished the two bottles by 10 o'clock pm.

She was feeling drunk and dizzy, so she stood up and took a taxi home.

She opened the house with the pass code and walked into the living room.

She saw Bryan sitting down at the couch with a laptop in front of him.

He was putting on his robe with a pair of glasses on his eyes, he looked handsome while working.

Sherry's heart pounded when she saw him but when she remembered that all men are the same. Her heart turned cold, she decided not to look at his deceiving face.


He looked up immediately and he heard her walk in, Bryan furrowed his brow, "You drink?" He asked.

"Yes" She replied indifferently with a cold face..

Bryan frowned when he heard this, "How much did you drink?" He asked again, Sherry didn't notice a tinge of worry in his voice.

Sherry stared at him with a cold smile on her face, "Mr Bryan, i think you should not be meddling in my business right? And this is just a contract which will end soon besides I'm not your real wife, so i should not be explaining my movement to you" 

 all men are jerks, all women are hypocrites.

Bryan's face darkened when he heard this, the living room aura suddenly turned gloomy and terrifying.

Sherry could not help but subconsciously shivered when she saw the look on his face.

"Ah" Bryan scoffed and walked towards the elevator.

He was really foolish for being worried about that ungrateful woman. He was supposed to be working inside his study room but he decided to work in the living room instead to wait for her. Not only is she ungrateful, she also asked him not to meddle in her business.

Sherry decided to use the stairs instead, She was already very drunk and dizzy although  she still had a bit of rationality in her mind.

She walked into her room.

She felt a little uncomfortable and decided to take a shower.

She walked into the bathroom after taking off her clothes, she lay down comfortably in the bathtub.

She smiled bitterly when she remembered everything that happened in high school.. She almost committed suicide in her high school because of depression not because she was heartbroken but because she was framed by her best friend. Everyone hated her a lot and everyone bully her even those that are younger than her and no one believed her when she said she didn't do any of the things they accused her of, no one stayed beside her except Emma, and they bullied Emma too because of her too they all avoided her like she was a plague.

She had three ex boyfriends before she finally gave up on love, she was betrayed by two of them but her last boyfriend was the cause of her nightmare which she is trying to forget desperately.


Her eyes grew heavy, she was feeling sleepy She tried to stand up from the bathtub but she couldn't no matter how much she tried so she gave up and just lay down there.

She fell asleep inside the bathtub.

When she woke up again, she was feeling dizzy and her body felt heavy so she tried to leave the bathroom She was feeling very cold but she still couldn't stand up

She woke up thrice because her body was feeling cold and uncomfortable. Her body felt heavy and weak, she couldn't even lift her hand, her stomach also started hurting from her period cramps. She tried to speak but her voice came out hoarse and quiet even though she didn't hear what she was saying herself.

She fell unconscious again for the third time. She woke up again. She was still in the same position. Even the bathtub water had already turned bloody because of her period. She tried hard to stand up but it was the same as before.

She finally fell unconscious and didn't wake up again.



###chapter 21

It has been three days since Bryan last saw Sherry. He thought she was trying to avoid him so he didn't bother to look for her But the estate security guard told him he has not seen her since that night she came home drunk.


Bryan decided to call her school to ask about her but they said she hasn't come to school since three days ago.

Bryan decided to check her in her room, he knocked but no one replied When he tried to open the door he realized that it was locked from inside.


He went to his room to bring his spare key and opened the door but no one was there, her room was neat and there was no sign of struggle or anything.

He was about to walk out of her room, when his eyes landed on the bathroom, he decided to check there.


He opened the bathroom door and walked into it, he saw a figure laying down on the bathtub, blood water surrounded her.

Bryan was very shocked, "Sherry!" He yelled and ran towards her but there was no response from her.

He lifted her up not caring about whether his white suit would get stained or not.

He observed her and saw that there were just tiny breaths on her. 

'Did she try to commit suicide?' 

'Was he too harsh that night?'

He quickly rushed to the hospital.


.

At the hospital.


Her fingers dug deep into the blanket under her body. Sherry's body was soaked with sweat. She felt a sharp pain in her stomach.

She could still hear the student cursing her in her high school.

"Thief, you are bitchy thief" 

"So even your breast is fake I'm sure even your buttock will be fake too"

"Let's touch it to see if it is fake or not" 

Everyone was pointing fingers at her and everyone was looking at her with disgust in their eyes, no one believed that she didn't do any of that. It was Wendy who framed her.

"Sherry, confess or we will go and report you to the principal for using something so your breast could bigger, because you want to use it to seduce people" Wendy smirked at her with a hint of arrogance in her eyes.

People keep cursing her and calling her a lot of disgusting names.

"No I didn't do it.." 

Bryan was half asleep on the couch in the hospital when he suddenly heard her desperate voice.

He caught her hands that were digging deep into the blanket so she wouldn't hurt herself..

"It's fine" Bryan comforted her in a low tone.

He wiped her sweat gently with his handkerchief.

Sherry's face was covered in tears, she slowly opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was Bryan's hand that was holding hers.

"You are awake?" Bryan asked when he saw that she opened her eyes.

Her heart started beating fast when she saw his gentle expression.

Bryan poured her a glass of lukewarm water and placed it on the table beside him, he slowly helped her up.

Sherry took the lukewarm water in a daze and drank it slowly.

He put the glass on the table after she finished drinking it.


Time to settle the account.

"So you tried to commit suicide?" Bryan glared at her.

Huh? Commit suicide? 

Who?

Sherry looked at him a little confused when she heard this.

She tried to recall what happened when she started remembering everything, when she got her period, when she went to buy some tampons and met Jackson.. When Jackson left and when she saw Jackson and Wendy at the narrow part.

Bryan became a little furious when he saw her confused expression.

She knows she is in the wrong, she doesn't know what to say She quickly formed her puppy face which no one could resist.

Hmph! She was sure Bryan won't be able to resist it too.

She lowered her, she pouted and looked at him with her puppy face.

Bryan felt his anger reducing, his eyes turned red when he saw the way she was acting.

He cleared his throat and forced his face to be stern.

"Or were you so happy when you kissed your boyfriend that you almost committed suicide out of excitement?" 

Sherry looked at him a little confused when she heard this,

Boyfriend?

She didn't have any boyfriend right?

Or did she get a boyfriend without her knowing?

"I don't have a boyfriend" Sherry replied her voice came out hoarse.

"Then how do you explain this picture?" He unlocked his phone and showed her a picture.

Sherry took his phone and stared at the picture, it was a picture of her and Jackson inside the cafe, when he tried to peck she shrank back but the picture looked suggestive it showed like they were really kissing.

"We didn't do this" Sherry looked at him.

His face was still the same like he didn't hear what she said.

Sherry smiled bitterly.


She knew he wouldn't believe her either.

They never did.

And she already stopped trying to make them believe her, but why does her heart hurt so much?

"I believe you," Bryan said after a few minutes.

Sherry fell into a daze when she heard this. She blinked her eyes and looked at him "You believed me..?" She stared at him intently.

"That is right. You are my wife so I should believe you" Bryan said.

Sherry felt a little happy when she heard this.

"Ahem!" 

Sherry looked up in surprise when she heard this and saw Grandma standing at the door with a smile.

Sherry understood when she saw her, it was not that she believed her but he just had to say that because his Grandma is here.

But how did he know that his Grandma is here? 

She didn't even know that his Grandma was here.

Bryan stood up from the couch, "I'll go and get her something to eat"

Grandma smiled and nodded. 

Bryan walked out of the ward.


"Sister-in-law and Brother Bryan looked great together like they were match made from heaven" A gentle voice behind Grandma said.

Sherry raised her head and looked at the entrance of the ward. Sherry immediately saw Flow in a yellow dress standing on the door.


"Right" Grandma agreed and walked towards her with a warm smile on her face.

"Good girl, how are you feeling now?" Grandma asked with concern in her voice.

"Grandma I'm fine now" Sherry smiled warmly when she saw the concern in Grandma's eyes.

"Was it that brat who bullied you? Tell me if he is the one I'll discipline him for you" Grandma held her hand tenderly.

"No, he never bullied me," Sherry quickly said.

"Grandma you are being biased towards Brother Bryan" Flow interrupted them with a gentle smile on her face.

She clenched her fist tightly when she saw the scene in front of her. She was the one who was supposed to be enjoying all this but that bitch!!


She clenched her fist tightly to feel the pain so she wouldn't reveal anything.


It was because her Brother Bryan ignored her too. He acted like he didn't see her when he walked out of the ward.

Aunty Gladys walked into the ward with a bag in her hand.

She smiled warmly at Sherry before opening the bag in her hand.

Sherry was surprised when she brought out what was inside the bag.



###chapter 21
Aunty Gladys put the bag on the table, she brought a soup and handed it to Sherry while saying "Grandma made the soup for you when she heard that you are at the hospital drink it while it is hot"

Sherry was flattered and quickly took the bowl, "Thank you Grandma, it smells so good already without tasting it yet" 

Grandma was overjoyed when she heard this, her impression of Sherry improved more. "Drink it while it is hot, it is also good for your body and you can give me great grandchildren quickly" 

Sherry felt a little guilty when she heard this She felt bad for the poor Grandma if only she knew that their relationship was fake.

Sherry forced out a bright smile and took a sipped of the soup.

"Is the taste to your liking?" Grandma smiled at her.

Sherry quickly nodded, "Grandma i love the soup so much"

Grandma was delighted when she heard this, "Great! Whenever you visit me I'll make it for you" 

They started talking, Grandma talked about Bryan's childhood mostly Sherry asked questions sometimes.

Flow was completely ignored. Clenching her fist tightly Flow stood beside Aunty Gladys and stared at Sherry with hatred in her eyes.

Sherry felt someone gaze looking at her intently, Sherry looked at the direction of the gaze, her eyes met with Flow eyes, Sherry could see the blatant hatred in her eyes even though it disappeared quickly and was replaced by a gentle smile.

Sherry knew that Flow liked Bryan and would hate her but she doesn't care about that.

Her money is more important to her.

Flow found an excuse and left quickly after saying goodbye to Sherry. 

The moment Flow stepped out of the world, she clenched her fist and gritted her teeth. 

She thought after Bryan sees the picture of Sherry and her ex kissing he will divorce her but he didn't!

Damn!

She gritted her teeth and walked out of the hospital.


Bryan walked into the ward without a lunch box in his hand.

Grandma stood up from the couch while saying "Seeing that you are okay, I'm relieved we will leave now" she glanced at her Grandson, "Ahem! Bryan be gentle you know Sherry is still" Grandma said and walked out of the ward.

Sherry blushed when she heard this and lowered her head a little embarrassed.

 Bryan smiled when he saw her like this, he brought out the food he brought. 

He placed it in front of Sherry, "I don't know what you like so i bought bit of everything" 

"Thank you" Sherry said and started eating.

She gulped down the water after she finished eating.

"Okay time to take your medicine" She heard Bryan say.

Her face froze when she heard, she blinked, "Medicine?" She asked with a dumbfounded look.

"That is right. You don't like it?" 

She didn't like it at all, in fact this is her mortal enemy she hated it with passion.

She raised her head and stared at him, she knew not to say otherwise with the stern expression on his face.

Bryan was amused when he saw her bitter face.

She forced out a bright smile "Oh i liked it very much" and continued, "but i think I'm healthy now so there is no need for me to take it" 

"No, the doctor said you must take it" He said sternly.

"Oh okay i understand" Sherry said but she didn't make a move to take the medicine from him, she smiled at him, "you are probably very busy with the company right? Quickly go back so i won't delay you"

"No i am not busy" he said and sat down casually watching her intently.

"Oh really" She lowered her head, and made her puppy face at him.

She was praying for it to work in her mind.

"Yes" He said, his expression still stern even though his heart melted when he saw her puppy face.

Sherry pouted when she saw him sitting down there unaffected.

"Can I not take it?" She looked at him,  her eyes were watery.

She looked so adorable and cute that all Bryan wants to do is to bully her.

"Do you need me to feed you?" He smirked at her.

Sherry hated medicine a lot, she took the medicine from the table and brought it close to her mouth. She frowned when she smelled it and brought it far away from her with a disgusted expression on her face.

She smiled like a little housewife who is caring about her husband, "You must have some important business to do Go on i won't blame you" 

"Take the medicine!" Bryan stared at her.

"I'll take it"

She moved the medicine closer to her mouth. Her expression was like someone the judge sentenced to death.

She brought it far away from her and looked at him, "You are really not busy?" 

"You really want me to go?" Bryan asked, and looked like he was contemplating.

"Yes" Sherry replied eagerly once he left she would flush the medicine away.

!

"I'll go after you take it," Bryan smiled at her.

Sherry froze when she heard this.

This man!

Sherry forced out a smile and said "I need some things, can you help me buy them?"

"Okay" Bryan replied.

"You will really help me get them, thank"

"I'll order them" Bryan interrupted her before she came finished saying 'thank you'

"Oh I'll take it then" Sherry brought the medicine closer to her mouth.

She held her breath and put the medicine in her mouth. She quickly drank some water.

So bitter!

After taking the medicine, she felt the need to rinse her mouth.

Sherry tried to stand up from the bed "I'll go to the bathroom"

But when her leg touched the floor, she slipped when Sherry thought she would fall down. Bryan put his hand on her waist and prevented from falling.

They were so close to each other, that they could hear each other breathe.

Bryan stared at Sherry's face, before his gaze landed on her lips.

It looked so soft and tender that he couldn't resist kissing them.

He sealed his mouth with hers.

Her lips were tender and sweet like candy even though she just took medicine.

Sherry felt like her soul left her body, she was shocked when he kissed her, she felt that she would throw up immediately, but she was surprised when she didn't throw up even after a minute passed, in fact she felt that it was very sweet that the bitter medicine which she could still feel was washed away by him.


She hated kissing and she hasn't kissed after breaking up with her third boyfriend. 

Noticing her absentmindedness, the man kissed her hard.

Bryan's eyes became darker and he held her tighter, Bryan locked her hands down and kissed her hard. His tongue sliding into her teeth with strong lust and desire.

"Close your eyes," Bryan commanded.

Sherry's heart skipped a beat She tried to push him away but her body was weak and she melted in his arms.

Bryan felt himself become hard in a certain place.

Take her!

Take her!

The demon inside him kept repeating it to him.

But he knew not to.

She was still feeling weak.

Sherry was shocked when a certain rubbed against her.

She quickly pushed him away, Bryan was still in a shock when he was pushed away suddenly.

Sherry quickly ran into the bathroom after successfully pushing him away.

She put her hand on her chest that was beating so fast, her face was flushed red.

###chapter 23
Sherry was discharged from the hospital five days later after Bryan made sure the doctor did a full body check up on her before he finally relented and drove her home.

Sherry was more than happy when she finally left the hospital, She hated the hospital smell a lot.

She falls asleep peacefully when she finally gets to her room.

The next day.

Sherry had classes today after taking five days leave in school when she was at the hospital, so she woke up very early and got ready for school.

She left home early too because she has been trying to avoid Bryan since the day he forcefully kissed.

She walked into her class, her course mates were already in the class.

She sat down at her seat and plugged in an earphone in her ears. She loved music a lot, when she was alone in her high school when everyone abandoned it was the music that made her become stronger sometimes. She also loved singing and wanted to be a famous singer but she started hating staying in a crowded place since high school.

When she was framed, a lot of people surrounded her and stoned her. Since then she has been afraid of staying in crowded places.

That is why she liked staying alone too, she hated conflict when you have friends they will surely be one conflict or the other. Especially, if they are girls and you are beautiful they would be jealous of your beauty.

She composed a lot of music to keep herself under control when she was in high school. She couldn't possibly fight the whole school. It was a very terrible experience and she doesn't want to recall them anymore.

Sherry was in a deep thought when someone tapped her on her shoulder, she turned around to look at who the person was. She unplugged her earphones from her ears when she saw that it was Tara.

"Hi, i have been saying 'hi' to you but you didn't hear me because of the earphones" Tara explained with a smile.

"Oh" Sherry nodded understanding.

She doesn't like talking anymore, especially if it is someone she is not familiar with. It is not that she is shy but she felt uncomfortable talking to a stranger.

Most of the time, she nodded her head or shook her when someone asked her a question.

Tara smiled and sat down next to her, "The music competition is today, did you know that?" Tara started.

Sherry frowned when she heard, she didn't know that She didn't even remember anything about the competition, she suddenly recalled what she heard Vera saying in the washroom about destroying her thumb

"Is the music competition the same as the piano competition?" Sherry asked.

Tara smiled when she heard this, this was the first time Sherry asked her a question on her own.

"Yes" Tara replied and continued, "are you participating?" She asked.

Sherry nodded.

She wasn't interested in showing off her singing talent before but when she remembered what Vera said at the washroom.. She wants to participate and destroy her good plan since she is bored anyway..

"Hehe, so you are going to participate this semester You didn't participate last semester tho it was Vera who won last semester competition" Tara grinned at her and added, "I believe you will come first"

Sherry gave her an odd look when she heard this "Why do you believe that I would come first?" She asked.

Tara blinked her eyes at her "It is because you are my role model, my role model is perfect and unbeatable"


Sherry stared at her to see if she was sincere, but all she could see in her clear bright eyes were sincerity.

Sherry sighed and pursue her lower lips, "I'm not perfect"

Tara nodded, "No one is perfect, so in 100% I'll give you 99%" 

Sherry smiled, she started liking Tara a little bit, "Why didn't you choose Vera as your role model?" Sherry asked, a little curious.

Tara shook her head with disgust in her eyes, "She is a white lotus, i hate pretenders She pretend to be humble and gentle but her venom is more dangerous than a snake" 

"Oh" Sherry smiled a little when she heard.

Even naive Tara could tell who is a white lotus and who is not but she has been friends with Wendy for five years but she still couldn't tell that she is actually a scheming bitch until it was too late. Her reputation in Nevermore high school is very bad and she was very popular in school in bad ways tho Even though she never did any of them.

Wendy claimed that she saw her with her own two eyes putting some on chest to make her breast bigger but it was a lie she never did any of that She hated wearing bras like other girls. She would rather leave it natural.


She didn't know what happened until the next day she went to school and people were throwing things at her, calling her nasty names and almost stripped her to see what she is using on her chest, they threatened her to admit it or they will go to meet the school director and if they go to report her the school director would expel her immediately, she had no choice but to admit it even though she was innocent.

She could remember Wendy smirk that day, it was deeply imprinted in her mind. Sherry hated everyone then she never did any of those why didn't believe but believed Vera instead.

 "You lost, Sherry" it was as if she could still hear Wendy's voice in her head with the victory look in her face.

"No! Stop!" Sherry yelled, when she saw that someone was about to pour a bucket of urine on her body.

She opened her eyes, gasping.

"Sherry, are you alright?" She heard someone asked besides her.

She turned around to look at who it was, It was Tara.

"I'm fine" Sherry reassured her when she saw the worried look in her eyes.

She looked around and saw that everyone was looking at her awkwardly.

She gave them a smile to apologize to them.

"You scared me, i thought something bad happened to you" Tara tapped her chest to stop her heart which was beating fast.

"I'm fine, thank you" Sherry said and plugged in her earphones that was what she needed right now.

Tara didn't disturb when she saw her like this, she also started reading novels on her phone.

Then she heard a voice said, from a microphone.

"HELLO LADIES AND GENTLEMAN CAN YOU MOVE TO THE MUSIC HALL ? THE COMPETITION IS ABOUT TO START"


Sherry couldn't hear because of the earphones in her ears, Tara tapped Sherry on her shoulder and said, "The competition is about to start, we were asked to go to the music hall now"

Sherry nodded when she heard and carried her bag.





###chapter 24

Sherry sat down at the back with Tara beside her.. The competition has already started.

She watched as everyone came out and sang some songs that are bad while some tried some are good..

Soon it was Vera's turn, everyone already knew that she would be the winner this year too She has always been the winner and the position as the first has always been hers.

Vera sang a song, Sherry admitted that she was very good but her song is average and it sounds toneless She didn't portray the emotions needed in the song.

Sherry could also see from the judges that they already determined Vera as the winner.

"Anyone else"

The judge said.

No one spoke and sat down because they knew that Vera was the winner.

Sherry saw that no one spoke or stood up, so she stood up instead and walked towards the stage.

Everyone gasped when they saw her walk towards the stage.

"The school belle can sing?"

"She will fail soon" 

"Just because she became the school belle, what is she being arrogant for?"

"It is because she is a new student so she doesn't know her place"

Sherry saw some of the students snickered at her and she could see the disdain in their eyes.

If it was then she would be shy and would not dare to come outside or stand in front of the crowd but she just treated them like air like she was the only one in the world.

The judge was surprised when Sherry walked into the stage but he put on an indifferent facade.

"Your name?" The judge asked.

"Sherry Hue," Sherry said into the microphone.

"Ok, you can start," The judge said.

Sherry cleared her throat softly and started singing.


"Ever feel nervous, ever feel love?
Ever feel numb, feel nothing at all?
I can feel an ocean rushing right through my blood
Leave the door open, leave the door shut
Even when I'm good again, made my mind up
I just wanna let go, not overthink too much
Now I fantasize what life could be
Not having stupid insecurities
Knowing I'm right where I'm supposed to be, whoa
So sick of my emotions getting in the way
Put 'em all aside and put 'em in the grave
I don't wanna be too little too late
Yeah, these emotions just can't stay
Even if it hurts, I'll do all it takes
I don't wanna make the same mistakes
Don't wanna feel lonely, lonely
So sick of my emotions, emotions
I don't wanna lay here wide awake
I don't wanna stay here stuck in my brain
I just wanna free my mind and release the pain
'Cause I know now that if things don't change
I'm gon' be broken, so out of place
But for now, I'll accept it's okay not to be okay
Now I fantasize what life could be
Getting a hold of my anxiety
Knowing I'm right where I'm supposed to be, oh (oh-oh)
So sick of my emotions getting in the way
Put 'em all aside and put 'em in the grave
I don't wanna be too little too late
Yeah, these emotions just can't stay
Even if it hurts, I'll do all it takes
I don't wanna make the same mistakes
Don't wanna feel lonely, lonely
So sick of my emotions, emotions
Even when I'm lost inside
I'm gon' let my fear subside
I just wanna feel something tonight
Life can hurt and love can bruise
But I know after my heart heals
I'm gon' feel alright, with nothing to lose
So sick of my emotions getting in the way
Put 'em all aside and put 'em in the grave
I don't wanna be too little too late
Yeah, these emotions just can't stay
Even if it hurts, I'll do all it takes
I don't wanna make the same mistakes
Don't wanna feel lonely, lonely (oh-oh)
So sick of my emotions, emotions (emotions)

You left my messages unread, too busy loving someone else
You left so many words unsaid, have I been lying to myself
Am I only a dreamer
Am I only a dreamer
If you had no plans to be here why did you have to lead me on
I'll take what's left and disappear if that's what you really want
Oh oh
You left so many words unsaid have I been lying to myself
Am I only a dreamer
Am I only a dreamer
Am I only a dreamer
Oh, am I only a dreamer
You left my messages unread, too busy loving someone else
You left so many words unsaid, have I been lying to myself.

It was a song she composed when she was in school and lonely. 

All she ever wanted was love. She didn't get fatherly love so she fell in love easily thinking she would get love from the guys she dated but it was all false. All she ever wanted was love but she was met with betrayal instead and lies.

Her father ran away with all their savings with his mistress when she was very young, she was ten years old then She just wanted to give love a trial but it was all false. She should have known it from the very beginning when her father ran away with all their savings without caring about how they would survive He even called the landlady of the house they lease then that he already left the house, it remains her mom and her children and he is not sure we have the money to pay the lease so she should send us out of her house, that is the person she shared the same blood with.

She sang with all the emotions she had bottled up for more than six years.

Sherry sang wasn't just nice. It was clean sounding and had a calming effect. 

It was a unique voice. Everyone who listened to her would remember it for a long time.

Everyone could be trained to sing well, but not everyone had such a unique voice.

Someone would be instantly popular with a voice as unique as hers.

Sherry finally ended her song, she wiped her tears.

She looked at the students, all of them were wiping their tears.

She smiled when she saw this.

Even an outsider could understand her emotions.

She looked at the judges too and they were also equally wiping their tears.

"So emotional!" One of the judges exclaimed after wiping his tears.

Sherry smiled.

"Who is the owner of this song?" A lady judge asked with her eyes sparkling.

"I am the owner," Sherry replied.

"Oh" The judge said, her eyes became dull.

She should have recorded it when she was singing it but it was emotional and touching that she forgot all about it.


Sherry went back to her seat.

"Role model, your voice is so nice that i fall into a trance" Tara exclaimed with admiration in her eyes.

"Oh really?" Sherry asked.

"Yes! Yes!" Tara nodded like a chick peaking on her food.

Sherry smiled when she did this.

"Hmph, you are better than Vera in multiple ways, even her voice sounded like croak" Tara said and started to mimic Vera voice.

Sherry laughed when she heard this.

She looked so beautiful when she laughed, the Students staring at fall into a daze, including Tara.

"Ah Sherry you are my goddess" Tara exclaimed and stared at her in awe.

The judges started writing who the winner was on a sheet of paper which lasted for a few minutes.

The coordinator went to check the judges paper one by one before finally going to the stage with a mysterious smile.

"The winner for this year's competition is." he said and stared at the eager students.

"Sherry" he completed his words.

"I have evidence that she cheated"

A voice said, everyone turned around to look at who just spoke.



###chapter 25

"I have evidence that she cheated"

A voice said, everyone turned around to look at who just spoke.

Vera walked onto the stage, her face twisted with anger.

Tara face became flushed in her anger,"Vera is too much, everyone saw that your voice was very nice and unique but she is saying nonsense just because she lost to you"

Sherry smiled leisurely like she didn't care about Vera, she was very confident in her music and voice.

At her hardest time, she composed the music with a lot of her emotions.. She was feeling depressed a lot then, she had nowhere to vent her thoughts.. She could only stay alone and composed some music to express herself no one has ever listened to her music..

This was the first time she sang it to people.

Tara took a deep breath and calmed down when she saw Sherry was unconcerned.


"Miss Vera?" The coordinator called, a little surprised.

"Sherry cheated," Vera said.

"Do you have evidence?" The coordinator asked.

"No but I'm sure she cheated," Vera said as she clenched her fist.

She didn't think Sherry would come today, she heard that she took a sick leave so she thought she wouldn't come to school this week, if she knew she would have destroyed her voice instead.

Her face was twisted with jealousy.

"You can't talk with evidence Miss Vera" The coordinator smiled.


The student also started insulting her

"Did she think the world revolved around her?" 

"Hehe it seems Miss Vera doesn't want to accept her loss"


"Just because you are always the winner in the previous years doesn't mean you will continue be the winner"


"Accept your loss!" Someone from the student said,

"Accept your loss!" The students also said.

Vera clenched her fist tightly when she saw this, she stared at Sherry who was sitting down with a nonchalant look, her eyes turned vicious as she glared at her.. She felt a little embarrassed when the students didn't stop telling her to accept her loss.

She ran out of the hall.

The girls who hated her before snickered when they saw the way she ran out of the hall.

The coordinator cleared his throat, "Miss Sherry, please come to the stage and accept your award and gift"

Sherry was surprised when she heard this, there was a gift?

That is the only thing on her mind, the award is nonsense to her it us not like she can exchange it for money.

She just decided to fuck up, Vera planned she didn't expect that she would get a gift too.

She walked towards the stage.

The coordinator gave her an award, and a check too.

Sherry grinned happily when she saw the check Even though she hadn't opened it yet, she was sure that the money was worth it.

She bowed at the judges and students before walking back to her seat.

"You did it!!" Tara said cheerfully.

Sherry smiled and opened the check to see the amount of money inside of it.

Her good mood improved when she Saw the figures.

It was 10 million dollars.




Sherry walked into the house, fortunately Bryan was not back, she was trying to avoid him.

She walked into her room.

She took a shower, she finished her homework and went to bed. In the late night, the door of Sherry's room opened.

A tall and handsome figure walked in He stood there and just stared at her sleeping face.


The next morning, Sherry showered and got ready for school.

She changed her clothes and walked downstairs She was shocked when she saw a variety of foods in the dining room.

This was the first time she had ever seen food since she came here


"Young Madam" She heard a voice say from behind her.

Sherry turned around and was a little surprised when she saw an unfamiliar face.

She blinked, "Who are you?" 

The middle aged woman smiled when she saw how beautiful Sherry was.

The young master has a good taste She was sure her little master would be very handsome.

"I'm sent by old madam to help you cook, my name is edge"

Old Madam?

Bryan's Grandma?


"Oh, Aunty Edge" Sherry nodded and added, "I'll leave first"

"Young Madam, breakfast is ready" Aunty Edge said.

"I think I'll skip breakfast, I'm in a hurry and must go to school now" 

Aunty Edge shook her head, "No that is not okay, you should eat" She added, "Besides you are too skinny"

Sherry sighed when she saw this and obeyed her.

She walked to the dining room and sat down. She looked around and didn't see Bryan.

"Uhm What about Bryan?" Sherry asked.

"I'm here" She heard his voice and walked out of the elevator.

"Oh" Sherry muttered and bowed her head, her face a little red.

He looked so handsome and sexy in the morning and even his voice sounded sexy and hoarse.

Damn it!

She is thinking dirty again!


Bryan sat down next to her, Sherry peeked at him a little and saw that his face was full of dark circles but he was still looking delicious as ever.

It seemed he didn't sleep well last night.

He didn't sleep well last night, he sat down beside her because of her nightmare. He was also the one who asked Grandma to send Aunty Edge here So they would be sleeping in the same room and he noticed that she doesn't eat breakfast sometimes too. If they start sleeping in the same room, he would be able to watch over whenever she had a nightmare in her sleep.

They started eating in silence Sherry's head was lowered all this while not daring to look at him so she wouldn't drool.


They soon finished eating.

Sherry stood up and was about to leave.

"I'll drive you to school" She heard him say behind her.

"I could go myself" Sherry whispered, she added, "Besides you must be busy with work".

"I'm not busy" Bryan interrupted her and walked out of the house.

Sherry bade Aunty Edge 'Goodbye' before following him out.

He was waiting for her inside the car. Sherry had no choice but to open the door and sat down next to him.

He started the car and drove out.


They got to her school in an hour Sherry was about to get down from the car.

"Wait" she heard him say, his voice sounded so sexy that she felt herself shiver subconsciously not because of the cold.

 Sherry stiffened immediately.


"Anything?" She saw without looking at him.

She felt him put something on her hair, she wanted to turn around to see what he was doing but she froze when she felt something on her hair, she stood still when he didn't make any movement anymore Sherry opened the car and walked out of the car hurriedly.

Bryan was looking at her in a daze.

The scar behind her ear.

'Is she the one?'

His heart raced when he thought of the possibility.

He took out his cell phone, he found a number and called.

The call went through and a male voice said, "Mr Bryan, do you need me for anything?"

"I need you to investigate someone"

"Who is it? A male or female? Her full name?"

"Female.. Sherry Hue"

"I need the results in two hours, all the details about her" 

"Got it" 

Bryan hung up.

He didn't bother to investigate her because Richard recommended her to him but because of the scar behind her ear, it felt oddly familiar.

He hoped she is the one if she is the one he will never let her go anymore.

He sighed and felt like the time was running slower than usual.

He drove to his company.


Rainbow Company.

He sat down in his office waiting impatiently, looking at his phone every second.


His phone rang

It was the number he called this morning..


Bryan picked the phone and placed it on his ear, he didn't speak.

"Mr Bryan, you have to prepare yourself  first" 

Bryan felt slightly ominous when he heard this.

"Talk!" He said.



###chapter 26
"Talk!" He told the person on the phone.

"Sherry grew up with her single mom, Her father left when she was young, she also has an elder sister too She attended Nevermore high."

"Wait, you said she attended Nevermore high school?" Bryan interrupted.

"Right" 

Bryan's heart raced when he heard this.

'Is she really the one?'

He didn't hear what the person said after because his mind was not there anymore.

He hung up.

He dialed the same number back.

"Hello"

"Get me the footage of Nevermore garden, Date 23 march 2012" He ordered immediately.

"Got it"

"I need it in 30 mins" he said and hung up.

He sat down and tried to recall the girl's details then but all he remembered was the scar behind her ear, which was the same as Sherry scar.


He was in deep thought when his phone rang.

It was his Grandma.

He picked it and put it on his ear.

"Hello Grandma"

"Baby Bryan, it has been a while since both Sherry and you visited me last You should come today" Grandma said.


He was about to say he is busy but decided not to.

"Okay" 

"Really?" Grandma asked, a little surprised she didn't expect him to say yes.

"Yes" 

"Okay! I'm expecting you both" 

Grandma hung up.


He walked out of his office, his Secretary, Clinton walked towards him immediately.

"Do you need anything sir?" 

Bryan waved his hand and walked out of his company.. He got into his car and drove off.

He stopped his car at Sherry school and called her.

"I'm in front of your school gate" he said and hung up.

Sherry walked out of her school in thirty minutes.

She opened the door and sat down beside him.

Bryan started the car and drove off.

Sherry looked out of the window and realized that it was not the direction of his house.

"Are we going somewhere?" Sherry asked.

"Yes, Grandma said we should come for a meal," Bryan said without looking at her.

"Oh" Sherry muttered and looked out of the window.

The drive was silent but not awkward.

They got there in an hour, Bryan packed the car.

Sherry got down from the car and waited for him.

Bryan walked towards her after packing the car, they walked into the house together.

Grandma was sitting down on the couch with Flow beside her.

Grandma stood up and walked towards them when she saw them.

She smiled and walked towards Sherry, she held her hand.

"You look so skinny, is he bullying you?" Grandma asked Sherry, Sherry stared into her eyes and saw that it was full of heartache.

Her heart trembled, she had never heard someone ask her this or look at her with heart ache.

Her mom was always traveling and didn't have time for her and her sister before Sherry started working.. Although her mom doesn't treat her badly, she doesn't treat her well too..

"Fortunately, I sent Aunty Edge to your house. Are you trying to starve my granddaughter in law to death?" Grandma scolded Bryan.

Bryan: ".."


Bryan was speechless.

His Grandma doesn't care about him being the legitimate Grandson, he suddenly feels like Sherry is the true granddaughter while he is just the son in law.

"Grandma, he is not bullying me," Sherry quickly said.

She is not his real wife, so Grandma should not scold him for her.

"Grandma it is my fault" Bryan took a deep breath and admitted his mistake.

Sherry was shocked when she heard this but she understood that he was just trying to appease his Grandma.

"Hmph!" Grandma harrumph and turned to Sherry.

"Let's go, the food is ready" Grandma held her hand and led her towards the dining room leaving Bryan standing.

Flow bit her lower lips in anger when she was ignored, whenever Sherry arrived she would always be ignored.

She turned to look at Bryan, "Brother Bry"

Bryan trailed behind his Grandma not giving Flow a glance.

Flow clenched her fist tightly, she wanted to leave but she didn't want to leave without achieving her plans.

She would make sure Sherry and Bryan get divorced today, she was sure once she showed Grandma her trump card she would ask Bryan to divorce her and Bryan would have no choice but to because of Grandma's heart.

Hmph only she can marry Brother Bryan, he belonged to her alone.


She put on a gentle smile and walked towards the dining room Aunty Gladys served the food and they started eating.

They soon finished eating.

Bryan received a call from the investigator. 

"I'll go out to receive this call" He said
His Grandma waved her hand at him, "You should go"

Bryan: ".."

He suddenly has a feeling that his Grandma didn't miss him but Sherry..

He stood up and walked out of the living room.

Sherry smiled when she saw his sullen face like he was abandoned.

"Grandma.." Flow started and bit her lower lips and stared at Sherry like she was hesitating, she continued "I don't know if i should show this to you" 

Sherry's heart sank when she saw this, she had a feeling it was about her.

Grandma said nonchalantly, "What is it?".

Flow took a deep breath and looked at Sherry apologetic, "Grandma i don't want to show this to you but it is about Sister-in-law"

She handed Grandma the envelope in her hand.

Grandma accepted it and opened it.

She took out some pictures.

Flow looked at Sherry, her eyes gloating like she could already imagined Bryan divorcing Sherry, "i don't want to show this to you before but it is about brother Bryan, a friend of mine showed this to me"

Grandma looked at the picture, her expression changed.

"Sherry" She called in a grave voice and continued, "did you do this?" 

She showed the picture to Sherry, it was a picture of Jackson and her, in the cafe the picture looked suggestive like they were kissing.

Sherry bit her lips and stared at Grandma, "No" She replied.

Even though she knew that she would not believe her, they never believed.

"Okay, i believe you" 

Grandma said.

Sherry looked up in shock.

Flow was also shocked.

That is it?

Grandma smiled at her warmly when she saw the shock in her eyes, "I trust his taste and am sure you won't do such a thing.. Besides that is what some scheming bitch always does. It happened to me when I married Bryan's grandfather" Grandma explained and added, "So you have to be careful".

Oh

Sherry was a little surprised when she heard this, she suddenly felt a little greedy if only this Grandma was her Grandma.

Her late Grandma also treated her well too but it only lasted for a year before she died.. She has never visited her or seen her before. It was a year before she died that she finally experienced her affection.

Flow's expression turned pale when she heard this, it was not what she expected to happen that her happened.. She clenched her fist tightly and forced out a gentle smile, "That is right, sister-in-law there are a lot of people wanting to become big brother Bryan's wife so you have to be careful, so you won't be framed," Flow advised gently.

Sherry gave her an indifferent smile, "Thank you" 

She was a little puzzled as to how Flow got the picture. She saw Jackson with only Wendy that night.


Does she know Wendy or what?



Meanwhile, Bryan picked the call and put the phone on his ear.

"I have sent the footage to your phone"

Bryan hung up.

He opened his folder and saw that there was a new file there.

He hesitated on whether to open it or not.

He decided to open it.



###chapter 27
Bryan grinned after watching the footage.

She is really the one!

He walked into the living room, not noticing anything amiss he walked towards Sherry, Sherry stood up when she saw him.

Bryan put a hand on her waist and pecked her lightly on her lips, "Thank you for agreeing to be my wife" He whispered in a low tone.

Sherry was stunned, she stared at him in a daze as her heart raced.

What was that?

She stared at him, a little puzzled because of his weird behavior.

Grandma grinned when she saw this.

Bryan took her into his arms, looking at old madam, he said, "Grandma, we are going back"

"You should go back quickly, drive carefully" 


Sherry smiled at the old madam, "it is getting late, So we will go back first. Sleep early Grandma and make sure you use your drugs"

"Go back and make a baby so i can play with"

Bryan nodded seriously, "we will do as you want" 

Sherry blushed a little when she heard this.


Damn! What is this man saying?

Bryan whispered to Sherry's ear, "Let's go and make babies for Grandma" His voice sounded so sexual and hoarse.

Sherry blushed furiously and had to pinch herself so she wouldn't fall for his honey traps, they would divorce soon so he is just saying it to appease his Grandma.

Grandma laughed with delight when she saw this.

Sherry was taken to the car and then put on the passenger seat.

Flow watched all their movements, seeing Bryan putting Sherry on the passenger seat carefully and gently like he was afraid that she would get hurt, Flow had to pinch her own arm and almost ripped her bottom lip with her teeth.

Bryan caught sight of her, when Flow saw that Bryan had seen her, she immediately gave a gentle smile like she was not jealous, "Brother Bryan, i want to" 


Bryan didn't give her a glance, he got into the car and drove away.

Flow bit her lips when she saw this.

It is all that bitch's fault.

She had no choice but to turn back and walked back into the living room.

"Grand" 

"Don't call me that it is disgusting hearing it from you!" Grandma yelled at her, her expression was cold unlike the expression she showed to Sherry.

Her face became pale when she heard this. She looked at her with tears brimming in her eyes, "Grandma what"

"I think I just told you not to call me that.. I don't have a scheming Granddaughter like you" Grandma glared at her with coldness brimming in her eyes She looked at Flow in disappointment, "You've changed You were never like this before"

Flow faced become paler, "Grandma i can explain"

Grandma gave her a mockery smile, "You can explain, by saying your friend gave it to you? Do you take me for a fool? Leave! You are not welcome here" Grandma yelled at her.

Flow face turned ashen.

No she can't leave.

It was because of the Bryan family power that people respected a lot Although the Cunningham family is powerful, it was like an ant beside the Bryan family.

Her face turned teary, "Grandma I'm so"

"Aunty Gladys, escort Miss Cunningham out," Grandma said, not giving her a glance.

How could she not understand Flow tricks? It also happened to her when she married Bryan's grandfather, she really treated Flow as her granddaughter but her behavior is unacceptable.

Flow bit her lips when she saw this, "Grandma I'm sorry, I'll come when your anger subside" 

She left unwilling with resentment brimming in her heart.

It was all Sherry's fault.. She would make her pay.

Meanwhile, Sherry and Bryan just got home Sherry was about to open the door and got down when Bryan held her hand.

"Uhm.. Miss Sherry, you know Grandma sent Aunty Edge here not only to cook but also monitor us you understand?" Bryan started.

"Oh" Sherry muttered.

"So we will start living in the same room from now on," Bryan added.

"Oh ok" Sherry agreed.

Bryan smiled, he would take it step by step If he showed her his intentions now, she might run away And he would never let her go, he would make sure she fell in love with him slowly.

Sherry got down from the car, Bryan put a hand on her waist and they walked into the house together.


Aunty Edge walked out of the kitchen when she heard the door open, "You are back" Aunty Edge smiled.

"Yes" Sherry smiled at her.

They walked into Bryan's room together with Aunty Edge watchful eyes.

"I'll go take a shower in the guest room, you can take a shower here" Bryan said and walked out without waiting for Sherry reply.

Sherry walked into the bathroom and showered.. After she finished taking a shower, she then remembered that her clothes were still in her room.

She couldn't possibly walk back to her room naked, so she opened Bryan's wardrobe and took out one of his long shirts.

She wore it and it is moderate enough so she walked to the bed and lay down there.

Bryan walked in and saw her laying down on his bed, he took out his phone and started texting someone.

He walked towards the other side of the bed and lay down beside her

He felt a little restless in his mind because of the beauty sleeping by his side, he rolled towards her and lay down on her.

Sherry was shocked when she saw this, "What a-are you doing?" She stammered.

Bryan put his hand on his lip, "Shh Aunty Edge is here" He whispered and put his head on her neck.

He loved her smell, it was the same smell as five years ago. He took a deep breath inhaling her smell.

He raised his head and stared at her, she looked so sexy, he felt his lips turned dry, his Adams apple bobbled.

His gaze landed on her soft, pink lips, he sealed his lips with hers and kissed her wildly till she was out of breath.

He raised his head and stared down at her, her face was flushed.

He put his lips on her neck, he bit and nibbled on them giving her a love bite.

The room door suddenly opened, Aunty Edge walked in.

She was shocked when she saw this scene.

"I'm sorry young master, i didn't see anything you can continue" Aunty Edge quickly walked out of the room and closed the door a little confused.

If the young master was busy, why would he text her to his room two minutes ago?.

She put away her thoughts, and pulled out her phone to call the old madam and tell her the good news.

She should be expecting a little master soon.

Back at Bryan's room, Bryan's pulled away unwillingly from Sherry and lay down on the other side.


He watched as she tried to catch her breath, her face was flushed and looked alluring, he felt his crotch stiffened.

"Damn it!" 

He cursed in a low tone and walked into the bathroom.


Sherry was confused when she saw him walking into the bathroom again.

He just took a shower just now, why is he taking a shower again?

And how did he know that Aunty Edge is coming to his room?.

Sherry fell asleep with questions in her mind.

It was the scene of her sleeping that Bryan saw when he walked out of the bathroom.

He looked at her beautiful, adorable face.

He kissed her lips lightly, "Good night" he whispered.




###chapter 28
It was very bright outside when Sherry opened her eyes, the first thing she saw first was Bryan's firm chest. His bronze skin was smooth. She looked up to see if he was awake, she blinked when she saw that he was looking down at her, he looked lazy and sexy.

They stared at each other.

His eyes were deep as a pond, she felt that her eyes could suck her in.

Sherry' heart suddenly skipped a beat.

She suddenly realized that she was in his embrace, she quickly pushed him away and ran out of his room.

Her heart was still beating so fast that she thought she would have a heart attack.

She calmed down and walked into her room.

She took a shower and changed her clothes.

She walked out of her room, she took the elevator to the living room.

Aunty Edge was already setting breakfast on the dining table.

"Good morning, Aunty Edge" Sherry greeted her and sat down on the chair.

"Good morning Young Madam, how was your night? Breakfast is ready" Aunty Edge said and glanced at her meaningfully.

Sherry blushed when she saw her gaze, she felt a little embarrassed when she remembered last night.

It is rare to get a kiss from a handsome hunk, so she decided to cherish the months of the contract marriage, after it ends, he wouldn't belong to her anymore.

Bryan walked out of the elevator, putting on a white suit. He looked so handsome that her heart started beating fast again.

He walked towards the dining room and sat down beside Sherry, Aunty Edge served the food when Bryan sat down.

They started eating, Sherry looked up and stared at him, she realized that his eating pace was neither too fast nor too slow, he looked dignified and calm.

Unknowingly, Sherry stole a few more glances.

Sensing it, Bryan raised his head and met her gaze.

Their eyes met each other.

His eyes were like the ocean, it looked like it would suck her in.

Sherry's heart fluttered, she quickly lowered her gaze.

She lifted her teacup to take a sip as her heart raced.

"You liked what you see?" Bryan raised an eyebrow.

Sherry choked on her tea when she heard this.

He patted her back lightly, "Are you a baby? You even choke on tea?" 

Sherry coughed more.

It was all his fault, who asked him to be so handsome?

After they finished eating, Sherry stood up from her chair, "I'll leave first"

"I'll drop you off" Bryan also stood up.

Sherry bit her lips and followed him unwillingly.

"Good morning Young Madam" Calvin greeted her and opened the door for them.

"Good morning" Sherry thanked him with a smile.


She got into the car, Bryan sat down next to her.

Calvin drove away.

Sherry looked out of the window, still feeling a little embarrassed.

She heard something like someone was tapping his leg on the floor.

She turned around and stared at Bryan, his eyes were closed so Sherry decided to admire him more.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes and stared at her.. She was about to look away when he suddenly cupped her face.

The softness of his lips against her mouth got her heart pounding wildly.

She widened her eyes.

It was a familiar scent.

Clean and refreshing.

She loved his scent.

Something tightened around her waist as her body was pressed against his.

His tongue worked around hers skillfully and his huge palm was supporting her waist. There was no room for her to escape his embrace.

Calvin looked at them from the rearview mirror and was a little surprised when he saw this. He quickly turned his eyes back and pretended nothing was happening at the backseat.

Sherry on the other hand's mind was blank. 

She had no idea how to react to this.

The force around her waist was strong. She could feel his heart pounding too.

His kisses were domineering and powerful.

Sherry tried to push him away but the more she struggled the tighter he wrapped his arm around her.

Even though she decided to enjoy this, is this not too frequent?


Just as Sherry felt that she was about to faint, he finally let her go.


  looked at his chest right before her, and took a while to snap back to herself.

She immediately pushed him away.

"You" She stammered, she was a little flustered.

Calvin cleared his throat, "Young Madam we are at your school gate"

Sherry looked out and realized that they were really there, she didn't even realize that the car had stopped.

She stared at him, his eyes were on her as well.

His eyes looked so gentle.

Her heart fluttered.

She quickly opened the car door and ran out.

Bryan looked at her fleeing figure with a smile on his face.

He looked like he was in a good mood.

"To the company"





Sherry's heart was pounding fast.

She touched her face.

It was so hot!

Ah.. So embarrassing.

She didn't know why she was feeling like this towards him But she felt as though she liked him.

True! Who won't fall for a handsome hunk like him.

She took a deep breath and suppressed her emotions before walking into her school.

She walked into her class and sat down beside Tara.

"What happened to you? Are you alright?" Tara asked, a little worried.

Sherry shook her head, "I'm fine, why do you ask?"

"Your face is red, are you sure you are alright?"

Sherry touched her face, "Is it very red?" She asked.

"Not very red but it is red" Tara said as she stared at her.

"Oh, I'm fine," Sherry said dismissively.

The morning class started shortly.

The lecture lasted for two hours before it finally ended.

Sherry sat down in her seat quietly, it was time for leisure but she doesn't feel like walking around.

Tara walked out of the class after the morning class.

Sherry sat down scrolling through Instagram quietly.

She suddenly heard Tara called, Sherry raised her head and stared at her.

"Sherry, let's go take a walk"

Sherry looked around and realized that she was the only one inside the class.

She sighed and stood up from her seat, she walked towards Tara as they walked out of the class together.

Sherry then realized that she forgot something inside the class, "Go on I'll come to you i forgot to something inside the class" 


"Okie dokie, I'll be waiting for you" Tara nodded.

Sherry nodded and walked back into the class, she was about to enter the class when she saw a girl inside the class she was putting something into her bag.

Sherry quickly hid in a place and took out her phone, she recorded everything the girl did on her phone.

The girl soon walked out of the class, Sherry walked into the class and opened her bag, she saw a necklace there.

She smirked when she saw this.

She took out the necklace and put it on the girl's bag.

She knew who the girl was, she was one of Vera's dogs, she was also the one inside the washroom room with Vera plotting against her.

Hmph want to plot against her?

They are too small.

Wendy has used this kind of trick on her in high school so it is just a childish trick to her now.



###chapter 29
Sherry walked out of the class after doing this She saw Tara already waiting for her..

"Have you seen it?" Tara asked her immediately she saw her.

"Yes, let's go," Sherry said.

Tara was about to hold her hand, Sherry immediately moved back.

"Sorry I don't like people holding my hand" Sherry apologized.

She hates people holding her hand, but people think she is proud She hated it since the day Wendy whom she treated as her best friend and sister betrayed, she always held hands with Wendy too.. But she dislikes it now because it makes her feel like she is close to the person.

Tara smiled in understanding, "Okie" 

Sherry stared at her, she thought Tara would think she is proud too and if she also thinks so then there is no need to be friends with her.

They walked into the cafeteria together.

The boys whistled when they saw Sherry and stared at her beautiful face..

Even the ones who came with their girlfriends couldn't resist taking a look at her twice.

The girls stared at her with jealousy and envy in their eyes.

"So beautiful," A boy exclaimed.


"Wow, she looked more beautiful than her picture that I saw" 

"That is right, she is worthy of being the school belle"

"Has anyone noticed that she had never come to the cafeteria before?"

"I noticed 1+"

"I noticed 2+"

"Does she have a boyfriend?"

"Yes, I'm her boyfriend"

"Hmph, you look so ugly that she won't date you"

"I would like to be here boyfriend"

Sherry ignored the gaze people gave her and went to sit down at a quiet spot, while Tara went to the food.

Sherry brought out her phone and started scrolling through tiktok to keep herself busy while waiting for Tara, this was the first time Sherry came to eat at the cafeteria.

Tara soon arrived with their food, she sat down opposite Sherry.

"I hope you will like it," Tara said.

She doesn't like the kind of food Sherry liked so she bought some things she felt that tasted good.

"It is fine. I'm not picky" Sherry said.

They started eating silently.

Sherry soon finished eating her food, she took the coffee Tara bought and took a sip.

Suddenly, a boy walked towards their table.

"Hi," He said to Sherry shyly.

Sherry nodded.

"Uhmm Can I get your WhatsApp number?" The boy asked a little nervously and stared at Sherry's beautiful face. He blushed.

"I'm not on WhatsApp" Sherry lied without looking flustered, her expression was natural like she was telling the truth.


The boy looked stunned, "Okay" He replied and left dejectedly, he knew that she was lying but he couldn't possibly force her to give him.


Tara took a sip from her water.

"You are a bad liar," Tara chuckled.

"Whatever" Sherry said indifferently.

"Let's go, class will start soon," Tara said.

Sherry stood up and they walked out of the cafeteria together, they walked into the class.

Her course mates are also back in the class.

Sherry sat down next to Tara and waited for the next lecture patiently.

"Ah!" Someone suddenly shouted.

Some students were reading so they frowned when the person yelled.

It was Vera.

She gave them an apologetic smile.

"I'm sorry, but I just lost my necklace.. It is a very expensive necklace and was a birthday gift my mom gave to me" Vera announced.

The students frowned when they heard this.

Sherry smirked instead.

The show is about to begin.

The lecturer walked into the class at the same time..

"What is it?" He frowned when he saw Vera standing.

"I'm sorry sir.. I just lost a necklace worth ten million dollars in the class so i" She stared at the lecturer with a pitiful gaze.

The students gasped when they heard this.

"So expensive?"

"Who could be the thief?"

"Search everyone's bag" The lecturer announced when he heard how expensive the necklace was.

Vera's dog Matilda, the one Sherry saw putting the necklace in her bag, stood up immediately when she heard this.

"Please everyone should open their bags so we can search for them," Matilda announced, staring at Sherry with a smug face.

Hmph she would be thief soon

The search started.

They searched when it was Sherry's turn, Sherry refused to let her bag be searched.

"Miss Sherry, we just want to see if the necklace is in your bag" Vera said with a fake smile plastered on her face.

"That is right, I remembered that you were the one who left the class last, is it you that took it?" Matilda smirked triumphantly.

"You are framing me" Sherry said with a relaxed smile and added, "My bag is my privacy so you can't just search it anyhow you feel like" She said and stared at the two hypocrites with coldness in her eyes.

Vera and Matilda were scared by her gaze, they trembled but when they thought about how the necklace would be found in her bag they became fearless once more.

"Everyone allowed us to search their bags, Miss Sherry should also comply" Vera said with a gentle smile.

"Don't go too far I have been with Sherry since and we went to the cafeteria together" Tara testified with a red face.

She was so angry that her face became red.

"Who knows? You might be her partner" Matilda smirked arrogantly.

"You" Tara pointed a finger at her, a little speechless at her shamelessness.

"What about me?" Matilda stared at her.

"Okay, Miss Sherry let's not waste time anymore" The lecturer said impatiently.

Sherry complied and gave them her bag.

They searched but they couldn't find her necklace.

"It is not there" Vera glared at Matilda angrily.

"How is that possible?" Matilda screamed and snatched Sherry's bag from Vera and searched it roughly.

But she didn't find the necklace where she put it.

No! How did it disappear?

She put the necklace there herself!

She stared at Sherry and saw her staring at her with an indifferent gaze.

She was a little frightened when she saw her gaze.

Did she know that she put the necklace in her bag?

No no.

She quickly regained her composure and gave the bag to Sherry.

"So it is not Miss Sherry who took, we are sorry we misunderstood you" Vera said with an apologetic smile.

"Hmph, i told you before" Tara huffed and sat down on her seat.

"Miss Vera it is fine, I'll suggest you search your bag thoroughly or search the bag of your friend, i noticed you didn't search her bag earlier" Sherry suggested with a smile and sat down next to Tara.

"What do you mean by that? Are you trying to say that I'm the one who took it?" Matilda asked angrily.

"I didn't say that," Sherry said indifferently.

"You" Matilda said and closed her mouth speechlessly.

It was true she didn't say that, so if she argued with her it would seem like she is being unreasonable.

Vera walked back to her seat.

"I'll search your bag for fairness," Vera told Matilda.

"Okay" Matilda agreed.

She was sure the necklace was not with her so she had nothing to fear.

Maybe she made a mistake and put the necklace in the wrong bag.

Matilda gave Vera her bag without any concern.

Vera searched her bag and brought out the necklace.

Matilda was shocked when she saw that the necklace was found in her bag.


"T-this" She stammered.

How?

How did the necklace get to her bag?


She was sure she put it in a Sherry bag.

Did she find out and framed me?

But Matilda forgot that she was the one who wanted to frame Sherry in the first place Sherry just beat her in her own game, good for her.



###chapter 30
"I didn't take it, believe me Vera," Matilda said fearfully.

Vera glanced at her with disgust in her eyes, if not because she would be useful to her in the future she would not save her and say she stole her necklace.

"Yes I know, I forgot it in your bag yesterday," Vera smiled at her gently.

Matilda was grateful when she heard this, she made the right choice by being friends with Vera, she knew some people would abandon her if it happened.

She came from a poor background, she doesn't even have money to eat. Sometimes she became friends with Vera because of her background and Vera always gave her money sometimes so she always helped Vera with whatever she asked her to do.

If she became labeled a thief she would get suspended and she wouldn't be able to participate in some things because the school would never allow a thief to participate in it.

She was lucky enough that she got admission to the school in the first place, she got a scholarship to the school. She was very intelligent in high school but she indulged in being friends with Vera so she doesn't worry about her education anymore.

"Yes, thank you Vera" 

"Okay it was a false alarm" The lecturer said.

The lecturer started teaching them.

Sherry also focused on the lesson.

The lecturer soon finished the class, he walked out of the class.

Sherry took her bag and was about to stand up when Tara asked, "Uhm Sherry, do you have anything you want to go and do at home?" 

"No, why?" Sherry asked.

"How about we go shopping?" Tara asked, afraid that Sherry would reject her, she quickly added, "I just want to buy a gift for someone but I don't know what to buy," Tara said and lowered her head pitifully.

Sherry smiled, "Okay" she agreed.

"Yaay!" Tara said happily when she agreed.

She quickly carried her bag and they walked out of the class together.

They hailed a taxi once they got to the school gate.

Sherry showed the video of when Matilda was putting the necklace in her bag to Tara.

Tara was shocked when she saw this, "So that bitch did it!" Tara exclaimed.

"mm" Sherry said.


Tara looked at Sherry oddly, "Are you not afraid that I'll betray you?" 

"It doesn't matter, you will not be first non the last who will" Sherry shrugged indifferently and added, "but i only give people chance once, i don't give people chance thrice and i showed it to you because i counted you as my friend now" 


"I will never betray you," Tara said.

'I hope so' Sherry said in her mind.

They soon get to the shopping mall. They paid the taxi man and walked into the mall..

"Who are you buying the gift for?" Sherry asked Tara.

"My mom" 


"Okay" Sherry nodded 

An attendant quickly went over and said, "Hello Beautiful Misses, how can I help you?"

Sherry looked at her and said, "A birthday gift for a middle aged woman" 

The attendant heard her and first looked at the clothes that they were wearing.

The clothes that both of them were putting on were beautiful but it was cheap and the things inside the mall were ten times more expensive than what they were wearing.

The clothes they were wearing looked average and were a far cry from the rich ladies she always saw in their mall.

"The clothes inside are ten times expensive and we don't sell cheap things too" The attendant looked at them with disdain in her eyes, she thought they were rich young ladies but after observing their clothes she was sure they can't afford anything in the store.

"Oh" Sherry muttered.

"You looked down on people without knowing who they are," Tara scolded her immediately.

"Oh, I wish you a safe journey and please don't touch anything you can't afford to pay once you damage it" The attendant said and walked away arrogantly.

"She is so rude," Tara complained when she saw the attendant's poor attitude.


The attendant went to seat down beside her colleague, she whispered, "Keep an eye on them" 

"Why? What are they doing?" The sales attendant asked, confused.

"They are probably just looking around and will leave soon" The attendant said and added, "if she destroyed anything in the mall they would blame us so we wouldn't be blamed" The attendant warned her colleague.

She was loud enough that Sherry and Tara could hear her clearly.

Sherry ignored her and walked towards the mall.

"What kind of gift do you want?" Sherry asked Tara who was about to lose her temper.

"I don't know" Tara bit her lower lips a little lost..

A gown caught Sherry's attention, and she walked towards the gown.

It has beautiful gems and the workmanship was excellent and the color made it look splendid.

It was a nice shade of purple.

It would look good for a middle aged woman.. 

The attendant came forward immediately when she saw Sherry looking at the gown intently.

Sherry told her, "Take this out for me"

The attendant frowned immediately when she heard this, "The gown is very expensive and the gems on the gown are worth millions"

Sherry didn't see a price tag there so she raised an eyebrow when she heard this, "How expensive?"

"It is very expensive, so expensive" The attendant said exaggeratingly.

"Name a figure," Sherry said impatiently.

"Ten million dollars, can you afford that?" The attendant looked at her with a smug face.

"Oh, it is so expensive" Sherry mimicked the attendant tone.

"You" The attendant faced turned red in anger, "You should leave emeralds that are very fragile. If you spoil it with your touch, can you afford the compensation?"

"Take it out, i want to see it" Sherry ignored the attendant.

"You, Hmph you won't leave until you spend all your life savings huh?"

Tara was already trembling from anger at the attendant's arrogant behavior, "Tsk tsk you are only an attendant yet you are this arrogant huh? Does your owner know that this is how you treat customers?" 

The attendant was shocked and a little frightened when she heard this.

Does she know the manager?

The attendant looked at her clothes and rejected the idea immediately it popped into her mind.

She can't know the manager given the way she dressed.

She became fearless again, "Hmph, you can go report to the manager that is if he will see you"

"It seems your manager didn't know that this is the way you treat customers, who knows how many customers you have chased out with your behavior" Tara glared at the attendant.

"So what? Our manager doesn't ask us to entertain people like you, our mall is only for rich people not beggars like you" The attendant said righteously.

"Oh wow, I have video of this and I'll post it on social media so people can see the way you treat customers" Tara lied.. She was holding her phone like she was really recording it.

The attendant was frightened when she heard this, "You Bring your card and pay" The attendant glared at them.

She would see if they could afford to pay for the gown, she is waiting for them to make a fool of themselves.

Sherry was about to bring out her card when she heard a familiar voice behind her.

"Hehe, A girl whose mother is a poor single mother would be able to buy a gown of ten million dollars?"

Sherry froze when she heard the familiar voice she hated so much.





###chapter 31
Sherry turned around when she heard the familiar voice.

It was the person she expected.

Wendy!

Sherry clenched her fist as manic hatred rushed into her head.

She hated her a lot.

She closed her eyes and opened it, the hatred in her eyes disappeared like it was an illusion.

'Long time no see, Wendy' Sherry said in her mind.

She smiled calmly

"Who are you?" Sherry feigned ignorance.

Wendy gritted her teeth when she heard this, she looked at Sherry beautiful with jealousy in her eyes, she felt like she could use her nail to scratch it.

"Oh, you don't remember me?" Wendy glared at her.

"Sister in law" Flow called with a gentle smile.

Sherry nodded at her.

Flow expression changed at her behavior, she gritted her teeth in anger.

"What are you arrogant for? Are you not just a third party" Wendy said loudly, the people shopping inside the mall heard her clearly and stared at Sherry with disgust in their eyes.

Sherry smiled nonchalantly, "When did I become the third party? Is it your boyfriend that i snatched or what?" 

Wendy glared at her, "What? You are still arrogant? My friend and her fiance are already engaged but you still shamelessly snatched him away" Wendy said arrogantly.

Flow held her hand pitifully, "Forget it, let's just go" 

Wendy became more angry when she saw that Flow was gentle and understanding, "No, Bestie you should not be so easy going, let's teach this third party a lesson" 

The attendant gloated when she saw this.

Hmph so she is just a shameless third party.

Sherry smiled when she heard this, she turned and glanced at Flow "So Miss Flow i snatched your fiance?"

Flow panicked when she saw her smile, she feigned a frightened expression, "No Sistt-er."

Wendy stood in front of Wendy and shouted at Sherry aggressively, "What? Why are you trying to sacred the poor lady again?"

Sherry mouthed an 'Oh' 

"What a shameless third party is that shameless?" 

"I can't believe that she is just a third party, she looked so beautiful and innocent"

"That is why, you should never judge people by face"

The people inside the mall despise Sherry even more.

Flow smirked when she saw this scene.

She would make sure to destroy her reputation.

She could tell Bryan truly loved Sherry because of the way she handled her with care and gentleness that day. 

Initially, she'd deceived herself by thinking that Bryan only married Sherry because of Grandma's health and urging.

The jealousy in her eyes was overwhelming.

She and Bryan had grown up together.

And she was the only female friend beside him, even though he didn't talk to her he still treated her well.

But he had never been gentle to anyone except his Grandma, nor had he looked at her lovingly or gently.

She'd known Bryan since she was young and always chased after him, he didn't show any expression to her so she thought he liked her too. She had imagined being Bryan's bride since she was young, the treatment Sherry was receiving she had never received before, how could Sherry deserve it?!

When she saw that Sherry wasn't wearing a ring the first day she met her, she guessed that Bryan was just playing with her so she would wait for him.

She was very happy as long as Bryan wasn't in love with the woman. She would gladly wait for him. After marriage there is still divorce.

If he didn't like Sherry, he wouldn't protect her or defend her so she was just trying her luck by making Wendy provoke her.

If he didn't protect her, she would wait for him but if he protected she would make Sherry regret the day she agreed to marry Bryan.

"Miss Flow, Bryan told me he only sees us as his sister, but it seems the feelings you harbor for him are different." Sherry said in an understanding way.

Bryan never told her anything about Flow and she doesn't care about that. She just wanted to try her luck before.

The rest of the people look at Flow with an odd look.

Flow panicked when she saw the look people were giving her, "Nonsense! I treated Brother Bryan as my brother" Flow immediately clarified.

The people turned to look at Wendy and pointed fingers at her.

"So her friend was lying by saying this young lady snatched her friend fiance before"

"Hmph, she is a liar"

"She just wanted to cause misunderstanding and wants to embarrass the young lady"

Wendy was about to explode when she saw the pointed people were giving her, Flow quickly held her hand so she would not say anything more.

Flow looked at Sherry with a gentle smile, "Sister-in-law can you afford that? I can help you pay for it if you can't afford it" Flow said generously.

"No need, thank you" Sherry rejected her calmly.

"Tsk tsk why put up a air?" Wendy shot her a look of contempt. "She is already nice offering to help you pay but you keep acting arrogantly" 

Sherry smiled, she glanced at her and brought out her black card, "Yes i can't afford it" Sherry said and flashed her a mockery smile.

Wendy's eyes were full of jealousy when she saw the black card in Sherry's hand.

The attendant gloating smile stiffened when she saw the black card in Sherry's hand.


"If she can't afford it with the black card in her hand then that means no one else can afford it" Someone said in the crowd.

"Why did you say that? Is that black card rare? I have seen many black cards before, ``another person asked.

"You don't know anything, do you? I'm working at Federal Bank of America, the card in her hand is very rare. Five people owned it and we don't know the people who owned it except the higher ups I didn't know she also owned one Wow, she is really rich, ``the person explained.

The crowd gasped when they heard this.

"The young lady is so rich?"

"And this lady said she was a mistress, if she is a poor mistress then no one else is rich"

"Wow"

Flow glared at the black card in Sherry's hand with jealousy in her eyes The card in her hand was a gold card, and it is nothing compared to the card in Sherry's hand.

Did Brother Bryan give her the card?

Her heart sank, and she became more jealous at the possibility.

But she didn't know that the card was Sherry's card, when she was working her ass off doing both legal and illegal business then, Flow was still a kid back then.

"Nonsense! Who knows if the card is fake" Flow shouted she couldn't accept the fact that Sherry owned a black card while she owned none.

She became friends with Flow because of her gold card, she became more jealous when she saw the black card, she had never seen it before, this was the first time she saw it


But if the card is found to be a fake card, Hmph she will get a reward from the mall.

One must know Gold mall was a well known luxurious shopping mall and it is owned by Rainbow company, only rich people frequented here so if they catch someone who wanted to use a fake card as payment, the person will be jailed immediately.

 
Flow anger was reduced by half when she heard this If the card is really fake, then Sherry would be jailed.




###chapter 32
Sherry didn't argue with them and handed the black card to the attendant. The attendant accepted the card with trembling hands and swiped the card.

It worked!

Wendy closed her eyes and reopened it, but the card really worked.

"I'm afraid to disappoint you," Sherry chuckled.

"Hehe, Then it confirms that you really stole someone's else childhood love!" Wendy yelled, she just couldn't take it lying down.

Sherry smiled calmly, "Since you believed that i seduced Miss Flow fiance, why doesn't she call her fiance and put it on speaker and ask him, if she did I'll leave him alone immediately" Sherry suggested.

"That is right"

"She should do that so we can know the truth"

The crowd agreed.

Flow face turned pale in fear.

She tried to make a sign at Wendy for her to stop but Wendy didn't understand what she was trying to say and glanced at her.

"Yes, Flow calls Brother Bryan" Wendy said a little delighted.

And stared at Sherry with a gloating look.

Flow glared at Wendy angrily.

How could she call him?

She doesn't even have his number She only has his assistant number and he doesn't answer her calls sometimes.

Flow faked a smile, "Okay i will try to call him"

She took out her phone from her handbag and dialed a number

The phone rang but the other party didn't pick the call.

She stopped calling and turned to look at the crowd with a fake smile, "He didn't pick perhaps he is busy" 

"Oh he is busy?" Sherry took out her phone, "I'll help you call him" She dialed his number.

He picked at the first ring.

"Hello Wifey" A deep voice was heard on the phone.

Sherry blushed when his voice,

This man is such a tease.

Sherry cleared her throat and stammered, "Uhm Hu-bby Are you engaged to anyone before we met?" Sherry asked.

Bryan, on the other hand, bit his lips when he heard her call him 'hubby'.

It sounds so soft and seductive that he would like to hear them a few more times.

"What did you say just now?" He asked, acting like he didn't hear her question.

Sherry bit her lips and called him "Hubby" Shyly, "are you engaged with someone before we met?"

"No," Bryan said and added, "Why do you ask?" 

"Uhm Flow said" 

"Who is Flow?" Bryan asked.

Flow's face turned pale when she heard his question.

He doesn't even know her?

She doesn't believe it!

It must be because of that bitch that was why brother Bryan pretended not to know her.

Sherry glanced at Flow with a sympathetic look.

The person she liked doesn't even know.

So she said that he treated her like a younger sister was an exaggeration.

"Uhm That is what i wanted to askbye" Sherry said and was about to hang up.

She hesitated for a few seconds before hanging up.

Wendy was also dumbfounded by the result.

She looked at Sherry with jealousy in her eyes.

On the other side of the mall, Clinton was buying something for Bryan when he saw the commotion happening.

He hesitated for a few seconds before deciding to call his Boss.

He reported everything to him.

He was anticipating who his boss would support, his childhood love or his contracted wife.

Immediately, Bryan received Clinton's call that was also when Sherry called.

He called the mall manager and gave him some instructions.

Sherry smirked after seeing Flow's pale face.

The mall manager walked towards them with sweat dripping on his forehead.

"Good day, Young Madam" He bowed to her respectfully.

Sherry nodded, she was a little confused..

She doesn't know who the man is.

The manager noticed her confusion and quickly introduced himself, "I'm Erik, the manager of this mall It is an honor to have you here, is there anything you liked?" The manager asked politely.

Sherry shook her head, "No i have already bought the things i need"  Sherry replied, and looked at the attendant who was rude to her before, "But your hospitality tsk tsk" She feigned a disappointed look.

The attendant's face turned pale when she saw the way the manager was treating her with respect. 

The manager turned around and glanced at the second attendant, "Explain what happened!" 

The second attendant quickly explained everything that transpired to the manager.

The manager glanced at the first attendant, "You are fired!" He said directly.

The attendant fell down on her knees, her face was ashened. "Please Boss, I'm sorry" She begged desperately.

The manager didn't even give her a glance, he ordered the security to throw her out directly.

He gave Sherry a flattered smile, "Madam, are you satisfied with this?" 

Sherry nodded.

The manager wiped his sweat after hearing this.

He glanced at Flow and Wendy, "Misses you have been blacklisted from this mall" he announced.

Flow became angry when she heard this, "What? Do you know who I am?" She asked arrogantly and added, "Did Brother Bryan know you did this?"



"Yes, I know it is an order from above" The manager said politely.

Her face turned pale when she heard this.

Brother Bryan blacklisted her!

She doesn't believe it!

"I want to see Brother Bryan" Flow shouted she doesn't even care about her image anymore.

"Sorry he is very busy and doesn't have to see you" The manager replied immediately.

"I want to see him!" Flow yelled.

"Please leave or you want me to ask the security to escort you out?" The manager offered with a smile.

Flow clenched her fist tightly.

Even a useless manager is disrespecting her now!

It is all Sherry's fault.

She glared at Sherry with hatred in her eyes before turning and walked out of the mall elegantly without waiting for Wendy.

Wendy glanced at the Flow back view and stared at Sherry, "Manager you better watch this bitch, she is a thief so"

"Escort her out" The manager ordered the security guards.

The security guards moved to carry Wendy out of the mall.

"I'll go by myself" Wendy said and ran out of the mall so she won't be embarrassed by the security guards.

Sherry glanced at Wendy's back view in s daze.

She doesn't even know how she left the mall.

She now realized how Flow got the picture of her and Jackson.

"Sherry!" Tara called.

Sherry snapped out of her daze, "What?"

"Are you alright? Have been calling you since we left the mall but you didn't answer" Tara asked her.

"I'm fine," Sherry smiled at her to reassure.

"Do you know those girls? Why did you stop me from talking when I wanted to?" Tara asked, confused at her odd behavior.

She could see that her expression was not good since they saw the two girls and after they left the mall.

But she didn't ask because it is her private matter and if Sherry feels like she would tell her.

When she was about to defend Sherry, she heard her and told her not to talk.

"Nothing, they are troublemakers " Sherry forced out a smile.


She stopped Tara from talking because she was afraid if she offended Wendy or Flow they would take revenge on her

She doesn't want her to get hurt for her sake.

"I'll take you somewhere, you will like it Stop the taxi and buy alcohol if you see it" Sherry told Tara.

"Sure" Tara agreed without much thought.




###chapter 31
They paid the taxi man after getting to their destination.

Sherry walked in the front while Tara was following her behindthey walked for a while before Sherry finally stopped.

The place she stopped was a beautiful place with two swings Sherry sat down on the first swing, Tara sat down next to her on the second swing.

Sherry felt a little uncomfortable on the swing and day down on the floor instead.

Tara also sat down next to her.

She opened the alcohol and poured it in the cups.

She gave one of the glass cups to Sherry and took one.

"Uhmare those girls your friends?" Tara finally asked.

"No," Sherry replied with no intentions to explain further.

She carried the alcohol glass in front of her and downed it all.

Sherry took out a pack of cigarettes from her bag. She took a stick from it and lit it.

Tara was shocked when she saw her smoking, "You smoke?" She asked surprised.

She looked so gentle and innocent so she found it hard to believe that she really smokes.

"That is right I'm a rich old man's mistress too and I think I'm a thief too. Do you still want to be my friend? I'll only mislead you" Sherry warned with a serious expression.

Tara shook her head firmly "I don't believe that you are a mistress, And I don't believe that you are thief too"

Oh

Sherry chuckled at her stubborn expression. "Really?"

She nodded firmly "Yes" and added, "Besides I'm willing to be misled by you" 

Sherry burst into laughter.

She is really cute with her puffed cheeks.

"Uhm Where is this?" Tara asked Sherry.

"I love coming here whenever I'm in a bad mood," Sherry replied.

Because she is always alone and sometimes you won't feel like going home, And expect home she doesn't have anywhere else she can go She found it by chance and realized that people rarely come here.

"Wow, it is so beautiful" Tara exclaimed and stared at Sherry with a sincere look, "Thank you for bringing me here" 

She knew how difficult it is for someone like Sherry to be open minded and carefree.. So she was really grateful she brought her here
It only means that she has become her friend.

Sherry felt a little sad.

Why didn't she meet someone like Tara in high school but met a bitch like Wendy instead.

Sherry treated her like a sister and best friend but she betrayed her in the end.

She met Wendy when she was in high school. They met in a church Sherry usually attended to pray for God to bless her mom.

They became best friends, Sherry was already attending a high school named Nicholas High School before she met Wendy.

Wendy told her a lot of exciting things about her Nevermore high school. Sherry wished to go so she can also experience the things there.

So she told her mom about it and lied about how Nicholas was a bad school, Sherry badmouth Nicholas high school so much that her mom quickly withdrew her from the high school and registered her in Nevermore high school paying a huge sum of money again.


That was when her nightmare started. It started when she was first framed by her classmate that she stole her money.. 

Sherry was in Grade 5 while Wendy was in Grade 6 then so she never suspected that Wendy was behind it and she believed that Wendy would never do that to her.

Wendy asked her to admit that she stole her classmate's money even though she never did, she told her that if she admitted it her classmate would forgive and forget everything and would keep it a secret but if she didn't admit it they would report to the school administrator and it could result in her being expelled.

She could still remember her gentle voice when she told her that and the look on her face like she believed her and support her, "Sherry, just admit it that you stole the money, I'll beg your classmate to forget about it and not to spread rumors as her senior I'm sure she will obey" And she added, "Besides you just got admitted to Nevermore, your mom spent all of her money, do you want her to spend a lot of money again?" Wendy asked.

Her mom was her weakness, she was struggling to make money everyday so she didn't want her to spend a huge sum of money again so she admitted to it because she was afraid of being expelled.

Sherry took one of the alcohol and drank it on a go.

Tara quickly stopped her and collected the alcohol from her, she already drank it to half.

"Why are you drinking so much?" Tara complained.

"I don't get drunk easily," Sherry replied and took the bottle from her.

Tara didn't stop her after hearing this.

"Oh, I envy you. I get drunk easily" Tara pouted at how easy she always gets drunk.

"So don't drink a lot" Sherry warned

Her face was flushed and red by now, and she was starting to feel dizzy.

"Don't fall in love, Tara All men are jerk" Sherry said, feeling a little giddy from the alcohol.

"Okay i won't" Tara replied seriously.

"Really? We will be single forever, pinky promise?" Sherry turned around and stared at Tara with her last finger up.

Tara put her last finger on Sherry's finger and crossed it, "Pinky promise"

Sherry was delighted after their promise.

Hmph, no man would be able to snatch Tara from her now and they won't know how good she is.

She will be the only one who knows.

She is very possessive once she chooses a person as her best friend, even if the person talks with another girl she would be very jealous because the person's attention would not be on her.

Sherry was in a good mood after their promises and started singing although she was drunk.

Her voice was still nice and soothing, unique to hear.

It made people feel comfortable and it didn't feel like she was drunk at all.


Girls, we run this mutha (yeah)
Girls, we run this mutha (yeah)
Girls, we run this mutha (yeah)
Girls, we run this mutha, girls
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who run this mutha? Girls
Who runs this mutha? Girls
Who runs this mutha? Girls
Who runs this mutha? Girls
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Who run the world? Girls (girls)
Who runs the world? Girls (girls)
Some of them men think they freak this
Like we do, but no they don't
Make your check, come at they neck
Disrespect us, no they won't
Boy, don't even try to touch this (touch this)
Boy, this beat is crazy (crazy)
This is how they made me (made me)
Houston, Texas, baby
This goes out to all my girls
That's in the club rocking the latest
Who will buy it for themselves and get more money later
I think I need a barber (barber)
None of these niggas can fade me (fade me)
I'm so good with this, I remind you, I'm so hood with this
Boy, I'm just playing
Come here, baby
Hope you still like me, F you, pay me
My persuasion
Can build a nation
Endless power
With our love we can devour
You'll do anything for me.





###chapter 34
"Wow, i can never get tired of hearing your voice" Tara said after Sherry finished singing.
Sherry smiled brightly, "Don't betray me I'll sing for you anytime you want"
Sherry slumped down and fell asleep after saying this.
"Mm, i won't" Tara replied not knowing that Sherry has fallen asleep.
She turned around and glanced at Sherry when she didn't hear a reply.
"Sherry" Tara called in a low tone but there was no movement from her.
Suddenly, Sherry's phone rang..
Tara opened her bag and took out her phone.
The caller was 'Mr Bryan'
She picked it up and put the phone on ear.
"Where are you?" Tara heard a deep voice asked on the phone.
"Hi, Sherry just fell asleep," Tara replied..
The man narrowed his eyes on the other side and asked, "Who are you?"
"I'm her friend"
"Where are you right now?" Bryan asked.
"Who are you to her first?" Tara asked.
"I'm her husband". Bryan replied.
Tara laughed after hearing this.
"If you are husband, why will she save your contact as Mr Bryan?" She continued without waiting for his reply, "I'll tell her you called when she woke up" Tara told him and hung up immediately.
The man was angry when he heard this.. But he quickly calmed down when he remembered that she had not fallen for him yet that was why his number was saved as Mr Bryan..
He dialed a number and put the phone on his ear.
"Help me locate a number" He said immediately when the other person picked the phone.
"Got it"
He hung up and sent the number to the person.
The person called him back within ten minutes and told him the location.
Bryan stood up and walked out of his office.
Calvin drove him to the location.
They got there in 30 mins.
Bryan walked out of the car and and walked towards the garden. It was dead silent like no one was there.
He still continued walking down, he finally saw a figure lying down on the floor. He looked around and saw a girl beside her.
"Hi, I'm here to pick my wife up," Bryan told the girl.
Tara raised to look at the man
As soon as their eyes met, Tara almost gaped. The man before her was good looking- no good looking was actually a huge understatement. She was sure he was hundred times more handsome than any celebrity she had ever seen. His only dark hair looked like it was combed by his fingers and swept back away from his face.
He had a strong, defined and masculine jawline- it was perfection in her eyes. He just looked too good to be true. She was utterly impressed, and she had never been impressed by a man's beauty like this before.
How could a mortal man look this stunning? But his eyes were ice cold and looked bottomless.
"Uhm Sherry is your wife?" Tara asked after admiring the man's beautiful face.
"Yes" Bryan replied and carried Sherry into his arms.
Tara felt betrayed after hearing this, They just made a promise to stay single forever but she actually had a handsome husband.
Tara nodded after hearing this She followed Bryan behind leaving the alcohol and the things they bought.
She only carried her bag and Sherry's bag.
They walked out of the garden together. Calvin walked out of the car after seeing Bryan coming with someone in his arms He quickly opened the back seat door for him.
Bryan gently put Sherry down on the back seat and closed the car door. He turned around and glanced at Tara, "Do you want a ride?" He asked.
"No, my driver is here" Tara rejected him She gave Sherry's bag to him and watched them drive away.
She got into her car, "Young Miss" her driver greeted her.
Tara nodded, "Follow that car" She said.
She doesn't fully trust the man's word so she got her driver to follow his car.
She followed till the car stopped at a house.
Tara gasped when she saw how huge and beautiful the house was.
"Should I still continue following the car?" Her driver asked.
Tara shook her head, "No let's go"
Bryan knew Tara was trailing after them but he acted like he doesn't know, She is not a resident of the estate so she couldn't enter normally but Bryan told the security to let her in that was why she could enter.
He carried Sherry into his arms and walked towards the house. He walked into the living room, Aunty Edge walked out of her room when she heard the door open.
"What happened to young madam?" She asked worriedly.
Bryan shook his head, "She is fine She is just drunk and falls asleep" Bryan reassures her when he sees the worried look in her eyes.
"Should I prepare a hangover soup for her?"
"No, you can do that tomorrow, she has fallen asleep now" Bryan said and carried Sherry into his room.
He laid her down on the bed and used the blanket to cover her body but she removed it.
"Hot" She said and waved her hand.
"Sherry be good" Bryan said and tried to cover her body with a blanket once more.
Sherry opened her eyes and looked at the man in front of her, "Pretty young brother" she said and giggled like her words amused her.
"Sherry"
Sherry looked at him, shocked, "You know my name? Have you been eying this big sister?" She said her words were slippery and sluggish because of the alcohol.
"Be good, use the blanket to cover your body" The man tried to use it to cover her body once more.
"No I am feeling hot" Sherry pouted and stared at him pitifully.
The man didn't fall for her trap and said firmly, "use the blanket so you won't fall sick"
Sherry sighed dramatically, "That is why I believed that all men are jerks Even the pretty boy in front of me doesn't care about how i feel"
Bryan bit his lower lip to prevent himself from laughing out so as not to agitate her.
"No one loves me" She said sadly and turned her head away from him.
Her figure looks so lonely on the bed that it made his heart ache for her "Mm, i love you tho" Bryan said.
Sherry turned around and looked at him, "Really?" She raised an eyebrow.
"Yes"
Sherry looked at him not believing him, "Lies, all men are liars, sweet talkers and jerks" She said and turned away from him.
"Yes, all men are like that Use the blanket" the man gave up and used the blanket to cover her body.
Sherry removed the blanket and started crying loudly, "You are bullying me A beautiful lady like him" She continued crying.
Bryan panicked when she started crying and removed the blanket from her body, "Okay, you don't have to use the blanket anymore so stop crying"
She stopped crying and closed her eyes to sleep happily after this.
'Knock'
Someone knocked on the door.
Bryan stood up and walked towards the door.
He opened it.
It was Aunty Edge.
"I heard Young Madam cry, is she alright?" Aunty Edge asked.
"Yes, she is fine Don't worry about her" Bryan said.
Aunty Edge nodded and walked back to her.
Bryan closed the door, he was shocked by what he saw when he looked back at Sherry.



###chapter 35
The sun was already out by the time Sherry woke, she felt like she carried a heavy thing on her head..

She opened her eyes and looked around the room, no one was inside the room.

She sighed and tried to stand up from the bed.

'Knock'

She heard a knock on the door.

"Come in," Sherry said, her voice slightly hoarse.

The door opened and Aunty Edge walked into the room.

"Good morning, Young Madam, i came to check if you are awake yet so i can bring the hangover soup" Aunty Edge smiled at her.

Sherry nodded and held her head.

Aunty Edge walked out of her room, she walked back into the room within ten minutes with a tray on her hand.

She handed the soup to Sherry, Sherry accepted it and drank it all, she gave the bowl bag to Aunty Edge.

Sherry felt her hangover become slightly better after drinking the soup.

She stood up from the bed and looked down at her body. She realized that the clothes she was putting on yesterday were different from the one on her body now.

She was shocked.

Who changed her clothes?

Was it Aunty Edge?

Why can't she remember anything?

She tried to remember what happened last night but she couldn't remember anything.

She sighed and put away her thoughts, she was about to walk into the bathroom when her phone suddenly rang.

She saw it on the bed, and she picked it up from the bed and looked at the screen.

It was an unsaved number.

Sherry picked the call and put it on her ear.

"Hello"

"Good morning, sister-in-law" 

She heard Flow voice on the other side.

"Who is this?" She asked, pretending not to know.

The other side was silent for a few seconds before she replied, "It is Flow"

"Oh" Sherry said.

"Yes, i wanted to apologize to you for my friend's behavior yesterday, i hope you are not offended?" Flow asked in a gentle voice.

"It is fine," Sherry replied nonchalantly.

"Uhm Can I treat you to a meal so I'll know if you have really forgiven me?"


"No, you don't have to bother"

"No, Please let me do that sister-in-law"

"Fine"

"Please bring Brother Bryan also, thank you"

Sherry hung up instantly.

She dropped her phone on the bed and walked into the bathroom.

She took a shower and wore casual clothes, she didn't have anything she was doing today anyway.

She walked out of her room, she took the elevator to the living room.

She saw Bryan sitting down on the couch in the living room immediately as she walked out of the elevator.

"Good morning" Sherry greeted him.

Bryan nodded.

"The breakfast has been ready for a while but Young Master said he would wait till you wake up before eating" Aunty Edge winked at her.

Sherry looked at Bryan in surprise.


She felt her heart warmed a little.

"You don't have to," Sherry said.

"It is my choice not yours" Bryan replied.

"Fine, do whatever you want" Sherry said and walked towards the dining room.

She sat down and waited for Aunty Edge to serve the food.

Bryan sat down next to her.




After they finished eating.

"Uhm.. Are you busy today?" Sherry asked.

"No"

Sherry bit her lower lip and asked, "Can you accompany me to somewhere?"

Bryan was delighted when he heard this, he feigned indifference.

Is it a secret date?

"When"

"Uhm This afternoon" Sherry replied.

"Sure, I'll tell you if I'm free" 

Sherry beamed into a smile, leaving Bryan in a daze.

"Thank you" She thanked him and left.

Bryan snapped out of his daze when she was long gone.

She looked so beautiful when she smiled.

He felt his heart racing.


__________


In the afternoon.

Sherry and Bryan left home together Flow texted her the address of where they are meeting.

Bryan kept anticipating, he thought Sherry arranged for a secret date.

They walked into a restaurant.

The waiter walked towards them immediately they walked into the restaurant.

"Where is room 10?" Sherry asked immediately as the waiter walked towards them.

The waiter directed them.

They walked towards the place the waiter described.

Sherry opened the door of room 10.

Bryan's face turned cold once he saw Flow inside the room.

He pursued feeling a little angry.

It was all his wishful thinking.

"Sister-in-law, Brother Bryan you are here" Flow smiled gently at them, but her eyes were glued on Bryan.

They were all seated.

The waiter then came over with the menu.

It was organized by Flow, so the waiter gave the menu to her.

Flow accepted it and ordered.

She then gave the menu to Sherry.

She smiled at Bryan "Brother Bryan, i ordered your food for you, i remembered what you liked eating when you were young before i traveled out"

Sherry smiled meaningfully when she heard this, she knew what Flow was trying to do but acted like she didn't know.

Bryan looked up and faced her with no expression on his face.

Flow smiled gently when she saw that his attention was on her now, "I remembered that you usually come over to my house then when you were still young, my mom usually cook Fries and meat for you, she told me you liked it very much"



Bryan put his hand on Sherry's waist, "I'll eat whatever you order" He whispered but his voice was loud enough for the three of them to hear.


Flow's expression fell when she heard this.

Bryan looked up at Flow and said casually, "I don't like eating fries and meat anymore"

Sherry was speechless.


She looked up and stared at Flow's face, she saw that her expression had darkened by now.

"Oh, i thought you still liked it" Flow fingernails dug into her palms as her smile stiffened.

She knew he was trying to protect Sherry, but she couldn't accept the fact that she had known him since childhood and had never won his heart but Sherry who he met in two weeks actually won his heart and he married her too.

Sherry ordered her food and Bryan food.

Flow excused herself and walked into the bathroom inside the room.

Flow clenched her jaw tightly, her face turned unsightly and cold.

She felt like venting her anger but she knew if she did that They would hear her from outside so she controlled her anger.

She'd been by his side since childhood, if he liked anyone. It should be her!

But she suddenly realized that he didn't even know her name when Sherry called him in the mall.

She poured water on her face so her anger would reduce a bit, most of her makeup already washed off.

She opened her bag and reapplied her makeup carefully to make herself more beautiful. Maybe he would admire her.

She then recalled that she had never seen makeup on Sherry's face before but she looked so beautiful without makeup and natural.


She bit her lip till it bled from anger and jealousy, she wished she could destroy that bitch seductive face.

If she was given a chance, she would destroy her face till she looked so ugly with acid.

She washed off her makeup and walked out of the bathroom. Brother Bryan liked girls with natural faces.



###chapter 36
She walked out of the bathroom and sat down on her seat.

Bryan looked up and glanced at her briefly before looking at his food.

Flow bit her lip, and sat down unwillingly.

What was that woman even worth!

She came from a poor background, but she had an impressive background 

Why didn't he marry her but that bitch instead.

She had liked Bryan all her life and she always imagined marrying him.

How could she let it go easily?

And why should She?!

She was already engaged with Bryan before she left and always thought he was her husband, and it was she who knew Bryan first. Her feelings were definitely greater than that bitch.

She was sure he was just after his money.

She had come back from abroad to marry Bryan and she was ready to wait for him if he is not ready to marry yet she would wait for him even if it takes years.

Flow took her spoon and started eating.

Sherry and Bryan also started eating silently.

Bryan put some fish on Sherry plates, Sherry was shocked and looked up at him but his face was indifference.

Flow gripped her spoon tightly when she saw this.

He has never put a meal on her food before, how could this bitch deserve it?

She took her spoon and was about to put a fish on his plate, he suddenly carried his plate and avoided her The fish fell on the table.

"Sorry, i don't like someone putting food on my plate" Bryan said casually and continued eating.

The gentle smile she feigned was gone when she saw this.

Sherry was shocked when she heard this. She took her spoon and picked up the meat and put it on his plate.

Bryan took it and ate it happily.

"Of course, my wife is an exception," Bryan said.

Flow clenched her jaw tightly, the ball of jealousy grew and rose in her.

She placed the wine glass on the table heavily, and stood up.

Sherry and Bryan looked up at her when they heard her movement.

Flow took a deep breath and kept her emotions properly.

She tried her best to maintain her rationality and forced out an unnatural smile. "I'd like to head home first, i wanted to use the meal to apologize for my friend behavior at the mall yesterday but i suddenly feel unwell, I'll treat you to a meal next time" 

"Oh you should rest then, Miss Flow" Sherry said.

Flow glanced at Bryan but he didn't even look at her non-talk to her. She faked a smile at Sherry, "Thank you I will" Flow retracted her gaze from Sherry. The moment she did so, her gaze turned vicious.

Sherry Hue.

You took away my man, Do you think you can be happy forever with him?

Some thing, i can't have.

Then, don't think about it.

I'll let you never have it.

One day, I'll take back everything that I have lost.

At that time, i want you to pay the most painful price. I want you to live a hundred times more painful You will wish you were dead.

I won't let you go.

Never!

She would rather kill Sherry than let her be happy in the arms of the man she loved.


Does she think she can become a phoenix once she marries Bryan? She is just a sparrow.

She can only be a sparrow!


Back in the room.

Bryan raised his eyebrows "Mm, Nice one you just used me" Bryan said and stared at her.

Sherry felt a little guilty when she heard.


It was true she really used him but it was his affair in the first place. Why should she help him clean it up? She doesn't know why she is feeling a little guilty when he looks at her.

"Uhm" Sherry tried to talk but he sealed her lips with his.

His hot breath fanned her.

He deepened the kiss, ravenous and more wildly.

She tried to push him away but he held her hand in place with one of his hands.

He used his other hand and caressed her breast.

"Uh" Sherry moaned in his mouth.

Bryan felt a certain place has risen by now.

He withdrew from her lips and put his mouth on her neck instead, he bit and nibbled on the spot leaving a mark.

"Uh" Sherry groaned when he bit her.

Is he a dog?

The door to the room opened suddenly.

Sherry quickly pushed him away and sat down straight feeling a little embarrassed.

Bryan straightened up, he looked up and stared at who the intruder was.

It was a waiter.

Bryan glared at him coldly, the waiter felt a shiver run in his spine when he saw his cold gaze.

He quickly looked down and avoided his gaze.

"I" The waiter tried to explain.

Bryan stood up from his seat, "Let's go"

Sherry stood up and followed him behind, she looked at the waiter with a grateful gaze before walking out.

They got into the car.

Bryan started the car and drove away.

The drive was silent, no one said anything.



Sherry ran out of the car immediately he parked the car..

She quickly ran into the room, her lips were swollen from the kiss She couldn't face Aunty Edge with her swollen lips.


She looked at her reflection in the mirror, she saw the mark he left on her neck and cursed him multiple times on her head.

Was he born in the month of the dog?

The door of the room opened.

Bryan walked into the room, he glanced at Sherry briefly before opening his wardrobe.

He took out some clothes and put them on the bed.

He started unbuttoning the one he was currently wearing.

He took off his shirt like Sherry was not there.

Sherry gulped subconsciously when she saw his chest.

Was he seducing her?

If he was, then congratulations to him he won.

She couldn't take her eyes off his shirt, it looked so manly that she felt like she would have a nosebleed if she continued watching him.

"You liked what you saw?" She heard him ask.

Sherry nodded her head like she was under spell..

She quickly shook her head when she realized what she just did.

He chuckled when he saw her flustered expression.

"You" Sherry said when she realized what he just did.

He raised an eyebrow and stared at her, "What? I only asked a question and you nodded I didn't force you to reply" He said with an innocent face.

Sherry glared at him angrily.

He was purposely seducing her, she still fell for his trap even though she knew.


He smiled, "Did you remember what you did yesterday? You tried to seduce me yesterday night" 

Sherry looked at him in disbelief, "You are lying" 

"Am i? You almost strip naked" he sighed dramatically, "I tried to stop you but you refused"

Sherry covered her ears, "You are lying!" She yelled and ran into the bathroom.

She rinses her face with water.

Did she really do that?

She believed that he was telling the truth because he didn't have any reason to lie to her.



33
A month later.

The days have been going fine for Sherry, the month was peaceful with no trouble maker even if they wanted to find trouble for her she returned it two times to them.

So she could say it was peaceful and her contract marriage with Bryan would end soon, a month and two weeks to go.

She walked into the living room, coming back from school. 

She met Bryan sitting on the couch in the living room.

"Good evening" She greeted him and was about to walk away.

"Wait" 

She heard him say, so she turned around and looked at him, puzzled.

"Tomorrow is Grandma's birthday, she is organizing a banquet and you would be introduced as my wife in the banquet too" Bryan said.

Sherry knitted her brows, confusion could be seen in her eyes.

What does that mean?

Their marriage would end in a month and two weeks, so is there a need to introduce her to the world as his wife?

She felt a little disturbed.

She couldn't resist opening her mouth to ask him, "Why? Our marriage will end in a month and two weeks, so is that necessary?"


Bryan's face became gloomy when he heard her saying that their marriage would end in a month and two weeks, even though that was the truth.

He felt a little disturbed and sad.

He pursued his lips and reply, "That is what Grandma wants" 

Sherry nodded that she understood and walked back to the room.

She was still sharing a room with Bryan because Aunty Edge was still living with them.

She showered and lay down on the bed feeling tired because of today's class.

She fell asleep in no time.

She didn't know when Bryan entered the room, she was sound asleep.




The Tony family had established themselves in Starlight City for many years. Naturally, many famous and rich people gathered for the Old Madam 's.

The banquet was supposed to start at four. However, many people had arrived and gathered around at around three.

Calming and elegant music echoed throughout the large hall.

The atmosphere was lively and calm.

People gathered in groups, some young females and their mom gathered together, gossiping intensely.

Bryan Tony was naturally the talk of the town. Even though he was not there yet, many people were anticipating his arrival and some females were excited and dressed up beautifully. Maybe they will catch his attention because they heard that he was still single.

While some businessmen wants to introduce their daughter to him.

At that moment, A baby green figure entered. The color wasn't exactly complementary to the theme of the party which was blue.

The precious stones on the gown glistened beautifully in the light.

It was too beautiful for anyone to take their eyes off.

The figure strolled into the hall.

The dress was neither too short nor too long, and it showed off her slender long legs.

The makeup was exquisite too and she looked like a model.

"Who is that?"

"She looked so beautiful"

"Which background is she from?"

"Judging by her dress, she doesn't look poor"

"Does she have a boyfriend?"

"I remembered her, she is Flow Cunningham I heard from a secret source that she is engaged to Bryan Tony"

"Wow, so she is taken?"

Flow was extremely satisfied with her appearance, and the envious look people gave her.

She smiled gently and felt extremely proud.

The gasps got louder and Flow seemed to have become the center attention.


She was sure Brother Bryan would like her the way she is.

She was anticipating whether Bryan would bring Sherry or not to the public.

She wasn't invited to the party, but she felt that it is not bad for her to be shameless once and attend even though she was not invited Besides, Grandma was still not talking with her.

She walked and sat down quietly.


Suddenly, her phone rang.

She looked at the screen and saw that it was her best friend.

She picked it up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello, Janet"

"Flow, where are you?"

"I'm at the Moonlight hall, Brother Bryan Grandma's birthday is today"

"Okay, I'll come over there" 

"Okay"

Flow hung up.

She suddenly felt that people were not looking at her anymore, she was confused of who caught the people's attention and followed everyone's gaze.

She saw an eye-catching pink figure.

The outfit, that aura was outstanding. 

Slim and Slender.

Long hair neatly packed.

The makeup was light but beautiful and elegant.

Her features were well defined and alluring.

Flow face turned pale.

She looked presentable, yet simple and elegant.

Most people could barely resist looking at her.

She looked like an angel compared to the first girl in green.

An Angel in a pink dress.

Everyone suddenly realized that the girl was walking next to someone.

"Is that Mr Bryan ?" Someone asked in the crowd.

"He is the one, i have seen him once"

"But who is the girl next to him, is she his girlfriend?"

"I thought Flow was his fiancee, no?"

"The girl is so tall and beautiful, they looked compatible together"

"Right, if i would choose between her and Miss Flow i would choose her of course"

"Right, she took my breath away"

"Unfortunately, she is Mr Bryan girlfriend" 

Discussions were ongoing.

The men sitting down beside Flow gasped as well.

They slowly took their leave.

Flow could feel judgments of comparison from all directions.


She clenched her fists.

This bitch is seducing all the men with her innocent look.

She'd thought she would look prettier than Sherry with her dress but the moment she walked in, she had lost to her.

Flow bit her lips and stood up.

She walked towards them with a smile.

"Brother Bryan" Flow smiled at Bryan gently but Bryan didn't even give her a glance.

Flow bit her lips in embarrassment, people were watching them, so she thought Bryan would surely save her some face but he didn't.

It was all this bitch's fault.

She had seduced Brother Bryan and whispered into his ears and told him not to talk to her anymore.

"Sister-in-law, you looked beautiful," Flow complimented her with a smile.

Sherry smiled and nodded, "You don't look bad yourself" 

She doesn't look bad?

Ah!

She doesn't just want to admit that she looked beautiful.

Flow stared at Sherry pretty face, a vicious thought crossed her mind.

Once she destroyed her pretty face, would she become the most beautiful?

And Brother Bryan would not like her anymore and divorce and marry her instead.

She made up her mind.

Sherry felt a chill run through her spine, she rubbed her hand together.

She felt herself get goosebumps.

She looked around but no one was looking at her in any bad way, except with jealousy and envy in their eyes while the men looked at her with admiration.

She looked away, not thinking about it anymore.

Bryan put his hand on her waist and walked away from Flow.

Flow couldn't follow them even if she wanted to, if she followed them behind wouldn't she look like their servant instead?.

"Flow" 

Flow heard someone called her from behind.

Flow looked back and saw that it was her friend.

Flow smiled gently when she saw her "Janet, you are here"

"Yes" She looked towards Bryan and looked at Flow, "who is the girl beside Brother Bryan? Are you not his fiancee?" She asked because Flow told her she was engaged to Bryan when they were abroad.

She became friends with Flow abroad, they met in school and became best friends.

Flow smiled wryly, "I don't know why, Brother Bryan doesn't want to talk to me anymore since I came back from abroad," Flow said pitifully.

Janet became angry when she heard this, "It must be that bitch who seduced him!"

She hated mistress since she was young because her mother died when her father brought his mistress home. Then her mother was diagnosed with kidney problem, she couldn't take it and died since then Janet had hated all mistresses.


She saw that Sherry was now alone, she held Flow's hand and said, "Let's go and meet her" 

Flow feigned panicking when she heard this and tried to draw Janet back, "No let's not go so Brother Bryan won't misunderstand" She said with a look of panic.




38
Janet smiled at her reassuringly, "Don't worry i know what I'm doing" 

Flow smiled smugly when she heard this.

Hmph if anything happened, she won't be the one at fault but Janet.

Who asked her to want to protect her?

Sherry sat down quietly waiting for Bryan, he left saying he had some business to attend to.

She was feeling a little bored when she heard an arrogant girl's voice behind her.

"I heard that you are Brother Bryan's new girlfriend, do you have what it takes to get married into the Tony family? You must be talented, i wish to you challenge you in music so we can exchange pointers, do i have the honor?"  

She said loudly so Sherry wouldn't be able to reject her.

Sherry turned around and didn't recognize her, she didn't know her at all but when she looked at the person standing beside her.

Flow.

She understood at once.

Everyone turned to that girl. She was wearing a blue gown and had a cocktail in her hand.

The girl glared at Sherry with disgust in her eyes.

She hated the mistress alot so she hated Sherry immediately.

She faked a smile, "I'm Janet bullet" she introduced herself to Sherry.

A commotion ensued the moment she said her name.

"Janet Bullet?" 

"I know her! She is the champion who won in Singapore music competition, she is very popular"

"That is right, i remembered her now too"

"It is just a little unfortunate that she doesn't want to become a musician with her voice I'm sure she will become very popular"

"That is right, i heard she rejected a company who wanted to her sign with them saying she was not interested in music"

Janet kept her eyes on Sherry waiting for her reply patiently, ignoring the commotion that ensued.

Flow grabbed her hands, "Janet forgot it" She said like she was trying to stop her.

Janet ignored her and looked at Sherry with a provocative gaze, "What? You don't dare?"

"Fine," Sherry replied.

She was bored anyway. Besides, this was a good opportunity for her. She composed a birthday song for Grandma before this was her chance to sing it.

Another commotion ensued immediately, she said.

"This woman doesn't know her place"

"It seems she doesn't know how many awards Miss Janet has received for her voice"

"She should apologize to Miss Janet or she would be the one embarrassed"

The murmurs became louder. Many people were looking at Sherry with pity and ridicule.

Sherry ignored them like she doesn't see the ridicule.

"Begin first, Miss Janet"

Janet looked at her before turning and walking towards the stage.

Someone came to give her the microphone.

Janet took it and started singing.

Her voice was clear and it was good.

People felt that she was talented as the rumors.

The way she sang was neither too fast, slow or too loud nor too low.

The song was rather light, livening up the atmosphere.

Everyone could tell that she was skilled and talented.

Everyone applauded her once she finished singing.

"You have a pretty Good voice," Sherry complimented her.

Janet looked at her indifferently and handed her the microphone.

Sherry took it and walked to the stage.

She cleared her throat.


_Happy Birthday, Grandma_


Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma
Live for over a hundred years
Live for over a hundred years
But be smart and healthy
But be smart and healthy
Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma
 
Grandmothers are our home keepers
Grandmothers are our home keepers
Even if we don't have a home
Even if we don't have a home
Grandmothers are watching us remotely
Grandmothers are watching us even remotely
We love you our grandmother
We love you our grandmother
Everything will be fine, grandma
Everything will be fine, grandma
 
Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma
Live for over a hundred years
Live for over a hundred years
But be smart and healthy
But be smart and healthy
Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma
 
Grandmothers are kind and caring
Grandmothers are kind and caring
But grandmothers are very strict
But grandmothers are very strict
But grandmothers are very grumpy
But grandmothers are very grumpy
They love to grumble and teach
They love to grumble and teach
But we love our grandma
But we love our grandma
 
Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma
Live for over a hundred years
Live for over a hundred years
But be smart and healthy
But be smart and healthy
Happy birthday, Grandma
Happy birthday, Grandma


Many people gathered around her now and they watched her with admiration in their eyes.

Everyone's eyes were on her now. She had stolen the limelight.

Flow looked at Sherry unwillingly and clenched her fist.

She didn't expect Sherry to be so good at singing.

She glared at Janet.

She was really useless, she couldn't even beat that bitch.

Sherry left the stage after singing.

"You are pretty talented" Janet raised an eyebrow and complimented.

She loved people who can sing but she already had a bad impression of Sherry before so it is impossible for them to become friends.

"Thanks a lot, Granddaughter" Grandma's voice suddenly echoed in the hall.

Everyone was shocked when they heard her voice, because she had not arrived before so they didn't know when she arrived.

Grandma walked towards the stage, she waved her hand at Sherry for her to come closer.

Sherry stood up and walked towards her immediately.

"Thank you for coming to participate in the birthday, it is an honor" Grandma said into the microphone.

"The main purpose of this birthday is to introduce my granddaughter-in -law" Grandma said.

Everyone gasped and looked at Sherry feeling shocked.


"Mr Bryan is married to her?"

"Wow, i can't believe that Mr Bryan is already married"

The men felt a little sad, while the women looked at Sherry in envy, jealous and hatred.

A lot of girls are heartbroken after hearing that the man they have been dating is married already.


"Baby Bryan," Grandma said.

Bryan walked towards them and stood beside Sherry.

Grandma handed the microphone to him, Bryan accepted it and started, "Hello everyone, this is my wife" Bryan said.

Flow face turned pale.

Brother Bryan actually introduced that bitch to everyone as his wife?

No, it was impossible.

She was clinging on to the hope that if he didn't bring her to the party, that means he didn't love her.

But he actually brought her to the banquet and introduced her to everyone as his wife.

She glanced at Sherry with hatred in her eyes.

If she could tear her apart, she would have done it.


39
Sherry yawned and stood up from the bed, she walked into the bathroom and showered before wearing some clothes.

She took her phone and checked for messages, she was shocked when she saw almost 50+ messages on her phone with missed calls.

Tara sent her 20 messages while the rest are from some of her high school mates who don't talk to her anymore.

She opened Tara's message and started reading.

"So you are Mrs Tony?"

"Fuck, i can't believe that I'm friend with the popular Tony"

"Hey are you there?"

"I was thinking that man who came to pick you up when you were drunk looked familiar but i wasn't sure"

"Damn, Girl i can't sleep"

Sherry smiled and started typing.

"Hi"

Her reply came quickly like she was waiting for her message.

"Damn, you are awake now?"

"Tell me, when did you get married to Mr Tony?"

"It is a month now"

"I'm so sad, you didn't even tell you are married, are we still friends?"

"Let's talk when we see, I'll explain to you"

"Okay, I'm waiting for you in school"

Sherry smiled.

She scrolled through the other messages.

Most of them were "Hi, hello, let's meet" 


She didn't bother to reply to any of them.

Her mom or sis didn't call.

Her mom doesn't like watching news and Nancy also hates it, she prefers watching Chinese dramas.

Sherry put her phone into her bag and walked out of the room.

She didn't see anyone in the living room, so she walked out of the house and took a bike to school.

When she got to the school gate, Tara was already waiting for her.

Tara immediately walked towards her and held her hand.

"You are here"

"Yes"

They walked into the school together.

They went to the cafeteria first because Sherry was hungry.

"Now explain"

Tara said, Sherry started eating Tara was not eating because she already ate.

"It is a fake marriage, '' Sherry said nonchalantly.

Tara gasped in disbelief, "A fake marriage?" She looked like she didn't believe it.

Sherry nodded and took a sip of her water.

"Did his Grandma know about it too?"

"No, he just married me so his Grandma would not force him to marry the person he doesn't like, keep it a secret"

Tara nodded and put her hand on her mouth.

Sherry finished eating so they stood up and walked to the class.

Her course mates smiled at her, flattering her.

Sherry pursed her lips and didn't talk to anyone..

The title is not hers in the first place and they would divorce in a month when they divorce the people trying to please her will be the one to step on her later so she doesn't care about that.

Sherry went to sit down on her seat with Tara.

The lecturer walked into the class.

After the morning lecture, they did an exam for the last two weeks and the results were out.. The lecturer announced the result to everyone.

Sherry got full marks in all the subjects.

Her course mates admired her more.

Sherry was surrounded by many people, some tried to flatter her while some came to ask her questions they didn't understand.

"Sherry, can you take a look at this question? I don't understand it"

"Let me see" Sherry took the question and stared at it for a few seconds before quietly writing the complete solution step by step so the person can understand. Her handwriting was exceptionally beautiful just like her face.

She gave the solution to the person when she was done, "Thank you " the person thanked her sincerely.

She did not expect Sherry, who usually seemed aloof and indifferent, to be easy to get along with.

The students came one by one after seeing that she was actually nice.

"Sherry, i also don't understand this"

The students surrounded Sherry in a few minutes..  Only Vera was sitting down alone with two of her friends.

Vera gritted her teeth in anger, "She always seduce people wherever she goes"

"Vera, you should not offend her, she is Mrs Tony now" Katherine said casually.

Vera became more angry when she heard this, "What Mrs Tony? I'm sure he is toying with her and would dump her soon" her gentle face looked terrifying and vicious.

Everything was supposed to belong but that bitch snatched her spotlight away, She was the best student before Sherry arrived She was flattered because of her powerful background and people always come to ask her questions when they don't understand but that bitch actually snatched all her crowns away.


She couldn't take this lying down but she couldn't offend Sherry too because of the man behind her.

She glared at Sherry with jealousy in her eyes.

She snatched her man too!

She had always liked and wanted to be Mrs Tony, she actually became Mrs Tony!

No Sherry has crossed her boundary just because she is beautiful and a little intelligent.


Sherry answered all her course mates, her hand was sore by now.

Tara smiled at her and console her, "Sorry"

Sherry nodded

She didn't solve the problem so their impression of her would change but because she was trying to help and nothing else, she doesn't care if their impression of her changed or not.

That is their business not hers.

School ended soon.

Sherry and Tara walked out of the class.

They walked towards the gate together.

Sherry hailed a cab.


"I'll leave first" Sherry smiled at Tara and waved at her.

Tara nodded and waved back.

Sherry got into the car and the driver drove away.

She was going to visit her mom. It has been a while since she visited her because she was busy.

Her mom didn't even try to call her.

Sherry gave a bitter smile.

No one cared about her and she is already used to it.

Her mind started to wander.

All her mom cared about is money and it has always been like that since she was young, she thought she was busy that was why but it has always been like that.

She was sure her mom didn't even remember her birthday date.

But it was not like this before.


She recalled when she was four years old, her father was still with them then. On her birthday, her mom and dad bought a teddy bear for her. She was asleep and when she woke up she heard them singing her a happy birthday song and gave her the teddy bear.

What changed?

Was it because her father ran away with the savings and his mistress? 

Even when she was bullied in school, she had no one to depend on.. She almost committed suicide out of frustration and Nancy was also young then, so they had to take care of each other with no one to depend on.

She also almost killed all her high school students who framed her by poisoning them Once they died she would not be framed again and would have a peaceful life right? Then they should just die She almost killed them, her mental health was bad and no one cared.

"We are here," the taximan said.


Sherry snapped out of her thoughts, she paid the man and walked into her mom's house.

The house was quiet, she was a little surprised because her mom doesn't have anywhere she always goes to.

She walked towards the backyard and was shocked by what she saw.



40
She saw Nancy with her ex boyfriend Steven, Steven was kneeling down and begging Nancy.

Sherry opened her mouth and couldn't close, she tried to walk back like she was never there when her feet hit the door making a loud noise.

Sherry frowned, she raised her head and looked at them They were also looking at her.

Steven's face flushed in embarrassment, he stood up from the floor feeling a little embarrassed that Sherry saw him in that state.

Nancy's face turned nasty when she saw Sherry, "What are you doing here?" She snapped at her.

Sherry didn't respond and walked away.

"Are you trying to seduce him again? Like you did before?", Nancy said.

Sherry stopped and turned around, she looked at Nancy in shock.

"I never seduced him!" 

"Yes, i believe you" Nancy gave her a mockery smile, she turned around and walked away.

"Nan-" Steven tried to stop her, but she didn't even look back.

Steven sighed in frustration and looked at Sherry.

"Don't take her words to mind, she is in a bad mood" Steven said.

Sherry nodded and turned around, she walked out of the house.

She was already in a bad mood and didn't want to face her mom.

She hailed a cab to Bryan house.

She and Nancy were very close before, Sherry didn't know why Nancy loathed her now They were very close before like normal sisters but since Steven broke up with her after finding out that she cheated on him, she had loathed Sherry Sherry thought it was because Steven broke up with her so she was in a bad mood but it has been going on since then..

She treated her like she was an enemy and it made Sherry sad.


Sherry paid the taxi man and got out of the car

She walked into the house, it was not locked.

Who knows when Sherry opened the door she was frightened by a tall figure.

"Be careful" Seeing that Sherry was going to fall, Bryan reached out and grabbed Sherry's arm.

Sherry was pulled directly into his arms, Sherry's nose hit Bryan's chest.

It felt so painful that tears welled up in her eyes.

She looked at him with a wronged expression.

His chest was too strong, she felt like her nose would break.

"Are you hurt?" Bryan asked feeling a little amused at her wronged expression.

He reached out and rubbed Sherry's nose gently like he was massaging it.

She felt it was less painful and stopped him.

"You are so careless"

Sherry glared at him with anger in her eyes.

Yes, it was her fault because she was frightened by his sudden appearance in the house and she was also absent minded but who asked his chest to be so hard.

Sherry ignored him and walked towards the room.

Bryan chuckled a little.

Sherry walked faster when she heard his chuckle.

She opened the room door and closed it with a 'bang'

She sat down on the bed feeling a little tired. She rubbed her eye brow and yawned feeling sleepy.

Her body was aching and she didn't feel like standing up to take a shower.

The room door opened and someone entered.

She guessed that it was Bryan but was feeling too lazy to open her eyes.

She felt him lay down next to her, she didn't move and lay there motionlessly.

She felt his breathing become heavier and it was near her ears so she opened her eyes with a frown on her face.

But he suddenly leaned towards her and kissed her.

It was a deep kiss, he was taking and taking with his kiss. Pushing his tongue into her mouth, he caught her soft and sweet tongue sucked on it and held her tighter.

Sherry trembled and felt her body become limp. She didn't have any energy to resist him and just allowed him to do whatever he wanted.

She hated kissing because she found it disgusting but she liked his kisses she doesn't understand why. So she tried to avoid him as far as she could.

But she still couldn't avoid him if they were living in the same room together.

By the time he released her, she was out of breath.

She took a deep breath and felt like she would die out of suffocation because of his kisses.

Her eyes also became heavy, she slept without knowing..

Bryan looked at his erected crotch and the heartless girl who had fallen asleep leaving him to his fate.

He sighed and stood up.

He walked into the bathroom and took a cold shower.

He can't count how many times he has taken a cold shower ever since they started sleeping in the same room.

He has been single since he was young, he has never fallen in love with anyone before until he met that girl in high school who left a deep impression on his heart and he couldn't forget her since then, and he found her five years later.

He never believed in destiny, until he found out that Sherry was that girl, he believed that it was destiny who brought her back to him which made him happy All he had to do is to keep her by his side now, which he believed won't be hard.

He walked out of the bathroom and lay down by her side, he watched as Sherry shifted towards him and put her head on his chest before sleeping soundly again.


Bryan smiled and hugged her to sleep too.




By the time Sherry woke up, Bryan was not inside the room.

She woke up later because she didn't have lectures for that day but she still had to shower.

She stood up from the bed and walked into the bathroom.

She took a hot shower because it was winter  She walked out of the bathroom and put on casual clothes.

She took her phone to check for messages.

She saw that she had fifteen missed call from Flow and twenty text messages from her. She didn't save her number but her memory was good so she remembered it.

She opened the messages and started reading them.

"Call me back"

"Pick up the call"

"Why are you not picking up?"

.

She ignored and didn't want to call her back, she would call back if she had anything important to say.


She was about to leave her phone on the bed when her phone rang immediately.

It was her again.

Sherry picked up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello?"

"Why didn't you pick up since I've been calling you?" She heard Flow's irritated voice.

Sherry smiled closely when she heard her, she hated this kind of people so much, "Miss Flow, i think this is my phone which i bought with my money right? You didn't buy the phone for me huh? I pick any call that i feel like picking and i don't pick up when i don't feel like"


Flow expressed turned ugly on the other side She clenched her jaw tightly and pinched her thigh to regain her composure.

She should calm down and she must achieve her goal of making the phone first.

She repeated this in mind for a few times before forcing out a smile.

Sherry thought she didn't have anything to say anymore and was about to hang up when she heard her voice again.

"Sorry, Miss Sherry i was in a bad mood before, i hope you don't mind"

"Just tell me whatever you want to say" Sherry said feeling a little disgusted by her sickening gentle voice.

"Can we meet? I have something to tell you" 

"Sure," Sherry agreed, feeling curious about what she wanted to say.

"I'll text you the address later," Flow said.

Sherry hung up after saying this.




###chapter 41
Sherry got out of the taxi, she turned around and looked at the cafe Flow sent to her for them to meet. She walked into the cafe and looked around, she saw Flow already waiting for her at the window side.

Sherry walked towards her and sat down on the chair across from her, she thought Flow would burst out of anger when she saw her because she let her wait for her for two hours. She was surprised when she didn't show any sign of anger.

Flow was feeling so angry that she almost snapped at Sherry when she arrived but she held it in because of her purpose of calling her.

She pinched her thigh twice so she could calm down.

She looked up and stared at Sherry with a smile, "What would you like to drink?"

"Coffee"

Flow called the waiter and ordered a coffee for her. The waiter brought the coffee within ten minutes.

Both of them were silent.

Sherry stirred the coffee in front of her but she did not drink it. Flow took a sip of her freshly squeezed juice and sighed.

Sherry waited patiently for her to talk.

Flow finally raised her head and stared at Sherry, "Miss Sherry, how much do you need to divorce Brother Bryan?"


Sherry: ".."

Sherry stared at her like she was contemplating on it.

"How much? Bryan is richer and more powerful than you, so what will I choose between a peanut change and a gold?" Sherry stared at her like a fool.

She was not sure how powerful or rich Bryan is, but seeing how people were trying to flatter her, she could guess that he is very rich.

Flow could not stand that look from Sherry and lost her calm, she took out her cheque book and dropped it in front of Sherry angrily, "Write a figure"

Sherry was happy, anything that involves money makes her happy.

She wished that all the rich bosses of the company could come to her for them to sign a contract so whenever a girl who is a dumb as Flow liked them she could come and offer her, she will become rich instantly no?


Sherry smiled and looked like she was hesitating, "Any figure?"

Flow looked at her with disdain.

As expected she is after Brother Bryan's money She made up her mind to call Bryan after Sherry leaves.

Flow shook her head, "From one million dollars to twenty million dollars"

Sherry was shocked.

Free money just to leave him?

Without her doing anything she is getting free money. She would divorce Bryan in a month anyway so it is a win to win case but she would make sure to collect more than that from her since she doesn't know what to use money for.

Hmph, she would just treat Flow money as an extra bonus anyway.

Sherry smiled, "Is that all your Brother Bryan worths?" 


Flow was pissed off and became furious, "Don't be greedy"

Sherry glanced at her sympathetically and sighed, "It seems Miss Flow is not ready to do business" 

She said and tried to stand up to leave.

Flow gritted her teeth, "Wait!" Flow said her heart was full of panic How would she make Brother Bryan able to see her true color if she leaves.


"Choose ten million dollars to twenty million dollars, that is the last i can do" Flow stared at her with disgust.

Sherry shook her head, "Miss Flow, is that all your Brother Bryan worth? Besides, I can easily ask him for these peanuts you are offering me, no?" 

Flow pursues her lips and knows that she is right, she can easily ask Brother Bryan for money.

"How much do you want?" Flow asked.

"100 million dollars, deal or no deal?" Sherry said, she didn't bother to sit down and stared at her.

Flow was furious when she heard this, "You You are too greedy" 

Sherry ignored her angry expression, "Deal or no deal!" She repeated.

"You..".

Sherry turned around and acted like she was leaving.

She could hear Flow gritting her teeth, "Deal!" Flow said before she leaves.

Sherry smirked.

Hmph, she was the one offering her free money anyways so she wasn't at fault.

Sherry turned around and smiled at Flow brightly, "Now you are talking"

Flow glared at angrily.

"Transfer or"

"Transfer" Sherry interrupted her immediately.

Sherry gave her her account number. Flow transferred the money to her instantly.

It was all her savings for a year, she felt her heart ache but thinking of when she would become Mrs Tony and get more than that from Brother Bryan, her heart calmed down.

"I know you are after Brother Bryan, bitch" Flow spat with anger in eyes.

Sherry didn't rebut her and acted unaffected.

Flow didn't lie in the first place she was after Bryan's money, if not she would not have signed a contract marriage with him.

"When will you divorce him?" Flow asked, feeling a little angry when Sherry ignored her.

"A month," Sherry replied.

"That is too much, divorce him in a week" Flow demanded angrily.

Sherry shrug and looked at like an idiot, "You can go and meet him to divorce him or wait for a month, your choice" 

Flow glared at Sherry feeling pissed off, "Fine a month it is. I'll be waiting" 

Sherry walked out of the cafe without saying goodbye.

Flow didn't care about her bye and screenshotted the money she transferred to Sherry, she sent Bryan a message with the transfer as evidence.

"Brother Bryan, i decided to test if sister-in-law is sincere with you or not but i realized that she was after your money, i transferred 100 million dollars to her so she could leave you and she agreed to" She clicked on send and also sent the clip of the conversation between Sherry and her as evidence, she started recording it.

Sherry knew that Flow would likely tell Bryan but she doesn't care about that. She took out her phone and logged into her stock account She looked at Rainbow stock.

It has been rising for two days now. She regretted not buying it if she knew that Rainbow is owned by Bryan ever since the day he announced her as his wife the company stock has been rising, if she had known she would have bought it but it was not too late anyway.

She bought the company stock worth of 50 million dollars, she was sure her earnings will be doubled or thrice of it by tomorrow.


"Miss, we are here" The taxi driver said when he saw that Sherry was engrossed on her phone.

Sherry looked out of the window immediately and saw that they had really got to Bryan gate, she gave the driver an apologetic smile before paying him.

She got out of the car and walked into the house.

The door was locked, so she took out the house key and opened the door.

No one was at home, Aunty Edge was also not around. Sherry walked towards the elevator She walked into Bryan's room where she had been sleeping ever since Aunty Edge came to stay with them.

She changed into a towel and walked into the bathroom to take a shower. She walked out of the bathroom after she was done with the shower with a towel since she was alone. If Bryan was at home she would take her clothes to the bathroom and change once she was done with the shower inside the bathroom.


She was cleaning her body with a towel when the room door suddenly opened.



###chapter 42
Sherry was shocked when the room door suddenly opened, she looked up and saw that it was Bryan.

Bryan's expression darkened when he saw her with a towel that didn't reach her knee but when he remembered the reason why he came, his expression turned gloomy and terrifying.

Sherry shivered subconsciously when she saw Bryan looking gloomy.

"You"

"Did you accept Flow money and agreed to divorce me?" Bryan interrupted her.

Sherry was shocked when she heard this.

Flow informed him so fast?

Sherry nodded truthfully, "I did and asked her to give me a month since we will be divorcing in a month" Sherry replied innocently since she felt that what she did was not bad anyway.

Sherry immediately noticed that he looked even more dangerous at this point. He was not showing much expression but the temperature around him dropped drastically. Unable to breathe at how dangerous he looked.

She had never seen him like this before.

Sherry's heart was almost in her throat. Facing his cold face she was so frightened and her heart was screaming for her to run away from him.

He suddenly gave a chuckle and his cold gaze was cast upon Sherry. He walked out of the room and closed the room door with a 'bang'.

Sherry felt her leg become weak and couldn't stand properly, she slumped down.

Bryan walked out of the house and sat down in his car.

He clenched the steering tightly, blue veins popped out of his hand.

He took out his phone and dialed a number.

"Come out for a drink," Bryan said.

"Is this Bryan? Did you steal his phone?" The other person asked in a surprise tone.

Bryan pursed his lips and asked "Are you coming or not?"

"Coming, coming," The person said.

Bryan hung up and started the car.

He drove to the club where he always met his friends.

Seductive Club, 10pm.

Bryan sat down inside the room he and his friends always stayed at whenever they came here, he ordered for three bottles of whiskey.

The waiter quickly delivered it and walked out of the room, afraid that he would disturb him.

He poured some whiskey into his glass and drank three cups before the room door finally opened.

Bryan arched an eyebrow when he saw Cornelius, "You are late" 

Cornelius choke when he heard this, "You are the one who is always late and i have to beg multiple times before you come out to drink"

He was also Bryan's childhood friend, but he doesn't like going out, he is a hacker, he was the one who Bryan called for him to investigate Sherry.

Cornelius walked towards him and sat down opposite him, he poured whiskey into his glass and took a sip. "Are you in a bad mood?" He asked when he noticed that his aura seemed gloomy.

Bryan was furious, even Cornelius a man could tell that he was in a bad mood but that woman didn't even care about him. He pursues his lip in anger.

Cornelius raised an eyebrow when he didn't speak, "Why are you in a bad mood? Is it because that woman named Sherry hue who you asked me to investigate? Who is she?" 

"I married her," Bryan said after keeping quiet for a while.

Cornelius gasped in disbelief when he heard this, "You? You are married? And I didn't know about it? Are we still friends?" Cornelius asked multiple questions but Bryan didn't reply any. Cornelius looked at him oddly, "Is Is your thing even functioning? I thought you liked men?" Cornelius asked.

He quickly shut up when he saw the murderous look Bryan gave him.

"It was a contract marriage," Bryan said when Cornelius stopped talking.

"Oh she was the one you signed a contract marriage with, the one Richard recommended?" 

Bryan nodded.

Cornelius nodded, "Then why are you in a bad mood?" He asked.

"She accepted Flow 100 million dollars and agreed to divorce me" Bryan said.

"So?" Cornelius asked in confusion.

"You don't understand? I" Bryan stopped talking and poured whiskey into his glass and drank it all in one gulp.

Cornelius realized something, "You fell for her?" He asked.

When Bryan didn't deny it he cursed when he realized that his guess was right, "Fuck"

"You really fell for her? I thought you said you are waiting for your crush who you fall in school with?" Cornelius asked.

Bryan had told him and Richard before, whenever he was asked the reason why he is not married yet or dating he always responds that he is waiting for his crush who he never saw her face before except the scar behind her ears.

"She is the one" 


Cornelius gasped again, "She is the one? When you asked me for a video after asking me to investigate her, she is the girl in the video?" 

Cornelius opened his mouth and couldn't close it for awhile, he got a lot of shock tonight and was not sure he would be able to sleep

"Yes" Bryan said, he had finished two bottles of whiskey in a short while and was drunk already. Tipsy, he looked at Cornelius "She wants to leave me after a month, what should i do?" He asked Cornelius.

This was the first time Cornelius ever saw him with an helpless look, his expression was always cold and arrogant like nothing could affect him. He finally believed when people say love is a weakness.

Cornelius didn't know what to say, he said hesitatingly, "How about you get her pregnant? So she won't be able to leave even if she wants to" he said.

That was the only advice on his mind.

Bryan thought about it seriously.

If she wants money he could give her all his assets just for her not leave, the 100 million dollars Flow gave her was like a drop of water in his wealth.

"I'll send you home, you are drunk and can't drive" Cornelius stood up and walked towards him, to support him.


Bryan looked at him seriously and said, "I'm not drunk" 

Cornelius felt amused.

All drunkards always say the same thing, they are not drunk when they are drunk.

"Yes, you are not drunk, I'll drive you home" Cornelius said and supported him.

They walked out of the club, he helped to the co - driver seat and used the seat belt on him before turning around and walked towards the driver seat.

He got in and started the car.

He suddenly felt that his life was pitiful, he even had to take care of him when he was drunk, how would he find his own girlfriend.

They got to Bryan house in an hour.

Cornelius parked the car, "We are here" He told Bryan.

Bryan opened his eyes and looked up.

He turned his head and glanced at him, "Okay"

"No thank you?" Cornelius asked.

Bryan ignored him and walked out of the car.

"Damn, son of a bitch..  Ungrateful ass" He cursed him in a low tone so Bryan won't hear but Bryan's ear is very sharp and heard him.

"It seems you don't want to get your bonus of this month" 

"No, you can't do that, don't forget that i drove you home" Cornelius said pitifully.

"Did I ask you to?" Bryan asked.

'Ungrateful' Cornelius cursed him in his mind.

"Quickly get lost" Bryan looked at him with disdain.

"Gladly" Cornelius ran out.



###chapter 43
Bryan walked into the house, he took the elevator to his room. He saw that his room door was opened, He walked closer and saw that Aunty Edge handed a glass of milk to Sherry, she took it and drank it in one gulp before returning the cup to Aunty Edge.


Aunty Edge turned around to leave when her eyes met Bryan's.

"Young Master" Aunty Edge said and looked down to try to hide the guilt in her eyes.

Bryan nodded and walked into the room, ignoring Sherry.

He walked into the bathroom and took a shower, he was reeking of alcohol and he doesn't like it.


After taking a shower, he lay down next to Sherry to sleep.

Sherry was feeling so hot, she felt that she was horny again!

Why does she keep getting horny?

The first time was at the old madam house now here.

She moved closer to Bryan secretly, but she didn't allow her body to touch his.

She felt a little calm after getting his heat on her body, but she started feeling hotter again.

Damn!

She would have to rape him then, besides he will not be losing anything.

Sherry consoled herself.

She hesitated for a while before taking off her nightgown.

She suddenly extended her leg and put it on his, catching him off guard. Bryan tried to push her away, but she stubbornly wrapped her arms around him trying to kiss him.

Bryan moved away immediately when he saw her bringing her face closer to him, she kissed his adams apple instead.

Bryan was very aroused at this point.
He tried to push her away again, "What are you doing?" 

She pressed her breast against his chest, and kissed him in an unskilled manner. Before looking at him with lust in her eyes, "Please help me okay?"

Bryan wanted to push her away but her watery eyes stopped him.

What Cornelius told him tonight came into his mind, 'Get her pregnant to prevent divorce'


Anyway she was the one who first seduced him in the first place so he was not at fault.

He turned around and lay down on her and stared down at her.

"Are you sure?" Bryan asked even though he wanted to do it badly.

Sherry nodded eagerly and tried to kiss him to show how eager she was.

He took control and trapped her under his body, seizing her lips, he pushed his tongue past her teeth. He lifted her back with his hands. The sensation of his rough skin against hers made her moan.

Bryan groaned and pushed his thigh between her legs. He lowered his body and pushed the head of erection against her entrance teasingly.

Sherry felt like she was being tortured by him.

'Why can't he just put it already'

She lifted her hips and wrapped her legs on his waist
"Please put it in" She whined in discomfort.

"Fine" Bryan thrusted into her.

Sherry moaned immediately.

He sucked on her lips, feeling her passionate body swaying. After they did it once, she felt a lot better. 

She felt so tired that her body was aching, she did not even want to lift her fingers or open her eyes. 

She felt him moved again, she opened her eyes groggily and stared at him with confusion in her eyes.

"You"

Bryan did not talk and just thrust into her again, Sherry moaned.

She was pounded so hard that she felt her body was about to collapse. She begged and begged but he was not lenient but became more aggressive.

By the time he finally released her, it was already dawn. She fell asleep tiredly.


When the two woke up, it was already bright outside.

Sherry opened her eyes and saw that she was in his tight embrace.

She raised her head and her eyes met his deep eyes.

She panicked immediately and tried to push him away.

Bryan pursed his lips and looked at her with a sad look, "You won't take responsibility for Me?" 

Sherry doesn't know what to say and stammered, "Why sho-uld i ta-ke respon-sibility for you? You benefited from it too, ``she said in a righteous voice.


Bryan glanced at with disappointment and sighed "You seduced me first" 

Sherry felt her scalp pricking.

"You" 

She was already calm after the first time, he was the one who kept doing it more no matter how much she begged him.

Bryan looked at her with a righteous look, "What did I do? You seduced me first" 

"So we both benefited from it" Sherry said matter of factly.

Bryan hugged her tightly, "Sherry let's get married for real. Don't you want money? I'll give you all my assets" 

"Wait" Sherry tried to stop him from talking in panic.

"I'm serious Sherry, i can give you everything here" Bryan stretched his hand towards the shelves beside the bed and brought out a string of cards.

He put in Sherry's lap, "This are some of my cards, they have unlimited money, you can take any of them or all of them"

Sherry was shocked, she opened her mouth and couldn't close it for a while, "You Are you not afraid that I'll run away?"

"You won't be able to run," Bryan said with confidence.

Sherry was nervous and pushed the cards back to him, "No, i don't need them" She said and tried to run away.

But he hugged her tightly, she couldn't budge no matter how she struggled.

Sherry smirked and asked, "You should know I'm not a virgin right?"

Bryan was stunned when he heard this, he didn't even think about it yesterday or care.

The shock in his eyes was very obvious.

Sherry smiled sadly, even though she knew that he would be like that, she didn't know why she still felt sad when she saw the shock in his eyes.

She thought that if she became indifferent she wouldn't care about people's opinion of her anymore.

She felt a little hurt.

As expected, he also finds her dirty.

She blinked a few times, trying to push her sadness down, her heart felt suffocated, she then put on an indifferent look, "You probably won't use a dirty person as me as Mrs Tony, forget it"





###chapter 44
She wasn't clean so it is normal for him to despise her for being dirty.. His puppy love should stop now.

Sherry pushed him away while he was still in a trance and ran out of the room, Bryan snapped out of his daze and ran after her.

"Sherry!" He yelled her name so she could wait.




Sherry ran faster out of the house, she didn't want him to see her tears.

She believed that tears and love are weaknesses.



She closed her eyes solemnly and waited for the car to hit her.



Controlling her tears, she continued to run and run.

She saw a car heading her way.

She stopped and wanted to run away, but it was too late the car was already near her.. She stopped and waited for death.

Maybe her coming to this world was a mistake from the very beginning, maybe death would be a relief to her, everyone just despised her.





Sherry waited for the expected pain but none came, instead she heard a groan. She opened her eyes and turned around, shocked.

Bryan was lying down in a pool of blood and the car that knocked him down already drove away.

Sherry kneeled down next to him, tears were already streaming from her eyes.

"Bryan" She called, her voice was hoarse and low like she was afraid he wouldn't answer.

Bryan opened his eyes and smiled at her, "I never cared if you are virgin or not, i liked you not because you are a virgin or clean i just liked you okay" Bryan said.

Sherry nodded, tears kept falling down from her eyes.

This was the first time someone ever told her this.. This was the first time someone ever sacrificed himself for her, the first time someone ever told her he liked not because of anything just like her naturally.


She suddenly felt like getting married to him for real.

Sherry held his arm, "Don't talk anymore" 

Bryan smiled, "You have to take responsibility for me, my first time was with you, my first kiss, my first sex, my first hug and all intimate act, it was my first time with you, so you have to take responsibility for me, okay" 


Sherry avoided his gaze and tried to help him up.

"Answer me," Bryan said, coughing furiously. 

He coughed blood.

Sherry's face became pale when she saw him coughing out blood.

"You"


"I'm waiting for your reply," Bryan said stubbornly.

"Stop talking and save your strength," Sherry said in panic.

"I won't talk after I hear your reply" Bryan smiled.

"Okay fine, I'll take responsibility for you" Sherry said to reassure him.

Bryan smiled brightly, he suddenly felt that accident was worth it.

"You have promised me," Bryan said.

"Yes I know" Sherry interrupted him so he wouldn't say anything anymore.

"Mm" Bryan said and was about to close his eyes.

Sherry yelled at him, "Don't you dare close your eyes! If you close your eyes I won't take responsibility for you" She threatened him softly.

Bryan chuckled when he heard her stern voice, "Okay Madam" He said teasingly.

The ambulance arrived in a few minutes.

Sherry felt her heart start beating normally after the ambulance arrived.

They quickly rushed him to the hospital.

At the hospital.

Sherry sat down outside while Bryan was pushed into the operation room.
She sat down and kept glancing at the emergency room.

"Sherry!" She heard someone call her name.

Sherry turned around towards the hospital entrance and was stunned when she saw Bryan's Grandma.

She immediately stood up and walked towards her.

"Grandma, what are you doing here?"

How did she know that Bryan was hospitalized?

Grandma Patted her back consoling her, "Aunty Edge called me"

Sherry understood after Grandma said this.

But she didn't see Aunty Edge when Bryan had an accident, maybe she was anxious and didn't look around properly.

Sherry pursed her lips and looked at her with guilt in her eyes "Grandma, Bryan had the accident because of me. You don't blame me?" Sherry asked.

"If he didn't do that, I would have reprimanded him for not doing that," Grandma said.

Sherry held her hand and led her to sit down on the seat she sat down before.

She felt her heart warm when she heard what Grandma said.

They both sat down waiting for the emergency room door to open.

An hour later.

The emergency room door finally opened, two doctors pushed Bryan out of the room.

Sherry and Grandma immediately stood up and walked towards the doctors.

"How is my Grandson?" Grandma asked immediately.

"He is alright, the operation was successful" The doctor said with a smile.

Grandma and Sherry heaved a sigh of relief.

They pushed Bryan into a room.

Sherry allowed Grandma to sit down beside Bryan while she walked into the bathroom inside the room. She poured some water into a bowl and held a white towel.

She walked out of the bathroom, she dipped the towel into the water and squeezed, then she gently wiped Bryan's forehead.

She did it for a few more times before stopping after seeing that he was not covered with sweat anymore.

She stood beside him and watched him intently.

She saw his finger twitch. 

"Bryan?" She whispered when she saw this and looked at him.


"Is he awake?" Grandma asked when she heard Sherry calling him.

"No, but I think his finger twitched. Maybe I saw it wrong" Sherry said sadly, she suddenly missed him a lot.


She doesn't know how to express her feelings anymore, she started hiding her feelings ever since she was betrayed and got used to it that she doesn't know how to express her feelings anymore.

But she wanted to give it a shot again.




###chapter 45
Bryan opened his eyes slowly, feeling confused, he looked at his surroundings and realized that he was at the hospital. He was about to sit up when his hand touched someone's hand. He looked down, shocked and saw that it was Sherry. She looked exhausted and was deep asleep. He didn't dare to move so he wouldn't wake her up. He just watched her quietly, he did feel tired or bothered looking at her.

She moved in her sleep, like she was uncomfortable, before her eyes slowly opened. 

"You are awake?" She sat up straight immediately when she saw him.

"Mm"

"It has been a while that you are awake? You should have woken me up, are you thirsty?" Sherry asked.

Bryan could see the concern in her eyes and felt happy, "No i just woke and I'm not thirsty" 

Sherry looked at him, worried, "Are you hungry? I'll go and get food" She stood up and walked out of the room without waiting for his reply.

She walked back into the room within ten minutes with a tray.

She put the tray beside him, "The doctor said you should porridge for now" She said and put a spoon into the bowl and handed it to him.

Bryan didn't accept it, "Feed me" He said and gave her a seductive smile.

Sherry felt her heart rise when she saw his smile, she blushed. Fortunately the room was dark because it was late so he didn't notice it.

Sherry stammered, "Y-you don't you have hands?" She said,

Bryan gave a helpless sigh , "My hand hurts, I can't lift it, what should I do?" He gave a pitiful look and continued, "But since you don't want to help me I'll have to force myself" He said and moved like he wanted to take the food.

Sherry felt bad and guilty for him, she quickly dodge his hand and said, "Forget it I'll feed you" 

Bryan smirked.

Sherry didn't notice, she started feeding him spoon by spoon.

Till he stopped her and told her that 'it is okay'

Sherry nodded and poured water on a glass cup, she handed it to him.

She then remembered that Grandma told her to call her when Bryan woke up.

Grandma went home earlier, because the doctor said Bryan's wounds are not serious and he could be discharged in a week


Grandma didn't want to leave before but Sherry persuaded her that she would call her once Bryan woke up.

She took out her cell phone and dialed Grandma's phone number. It rang and she picked up the first ring. It was obvious that she was waiting for her call.

"Hello Grandma"


Grandma's anxious voice could be heard on the phone, "Hello Sherry, has he woke up?"

Sherry smiled and answered, "Yes he just woke up" 

"Has he eaten?" 

"Yes, he just finished the porridge Aunty Gladys brought, i warmed it before giving it to him" Sherry told her everything so she would stop getting anxious.

Grandma sighed in relief when she heard, "That is good, thank you Sherry"

Sherry felt more guilty when she heard, it was because of her rashness that made a car hit Bryan in the first place. 

"It is my duty, Grandma," Sherry said.

Grandma sighed and hung up.

Aunty Edge quickly held Grandma's hand after she finished making the call.

"Is she suspicious of me?" Aunty Edge said 

"No, I told you she won't be suspicious of you," Grandma replied and asked Aunty Gladys to help her back to her room.

Aunty Edge sighed in relief after hearing this.

It was Grandma who asked her to put drugs into Sherry's drink. She was feeling so guilty that she left the house that night and went back to the old madam's house, she didn't even dare to show up at the hospital when she heard that Bryan had an accident.

She couldn't possibly tell Sherry that it was Grandma who asked her to do it.

Sherry hung up and sat down beside Bryan.

"You just finished talking to Grandma" Bryan asked, it was not a question but a statement.

"Yes" Sherry nodded and continued, "She is getting old so i asked Aunty Gladys to take her home"
 
Bryan nodded in satisfaction after hearing this, "Good Job, my wife" He said and ruffled her help.

Sherry blushed under his passionate gaze.

His expression turned serious again, "You have agreed to take responsibility for me, we will go and register our marriage tomorrow morning" Bryan said.

Sherry was shocked and asked in exclamation, "Is that not too fast?" 

Bryan raised an eyebrow at her question, "Too fast? You took my virginity that i have been keeping for twenty six years and you are reluctant to take responsibility?" He asked with a disappointed expression.

Sherry's mouth twitched when she saw his expression.

Like she was some scumbag who took his virginity and doesn't want to be responsible for him.

Sherry looked at him, confused, "Y-you You are a virgin? Like you have never done it with anyone before?" She asked, still not believing.

Bryan knitted his brows, "What? Pretending to be ignorant so you won't take responsibility for me?" 

Sherry quickly waved her hand, "No no it is not like that"

She was just confused, if he was a virgin why would he just keep doing it non stop the whole night. She felt embarrassed to ask him and quickly shut up.

Bryan clapped his hand, "Good it is decided then, we will go and register our marriage tomorrow"


Sherry still felt it was a little rushed and asked, "Why so fast?" 

Bryan looked at her with an aggrieved look, "I'm just afraid someone would not take responsibility for me" 

Sherry: ".."

She was speechless.

Is it not supposed to be the other way round? But nevertheless she was sure if she continued hesitating he would probably feel resentful towards her.

"No i meant that, you should wait till you get discharged before we consider that, no?" Sherry said with concern.

Bryan smiled discreetly when he saw that she was concern about him, "No I'm fine"

"Fine"

Anything he says.

Bryan looked at her intently all of a sudden.

Sherry felt a bad premonition when she saw him looking at her intently, she felt like she got goosebumps. "W-what?" She stammered.

Bryan fixed his gaze at her, "Have you returned the money that woman gave you?" He raised an eyebrow.

Sherry's heart sank when he finished his word.

W-what? he wants to take her money again?

Was it her fault?

The woman has so much money and wants to waste it so she is just trying to help her by taking her money.

Sherry looked at him vigilantly and shook her head honestly, "No i have not" 

"Why? You will take responsibility for me and won't leave in the future, so why haven't you returned the money yet? Do you plan to run away and not take responsibility for me?" Bryan asked with a disappointed expression.

Sherry pursues her lips.

That is her money.

She loved money a lot, more than her life.

Whenever she was depressed or sad, thinking that she had money to accompany her She wouldn't feel lonely anymore so she always grabbed any opportunity to earn money no matter how dangerous it was.





###chapter 46
Whenever she thought about how she suffered when she was younger, she felt the urge to make money.

Money always gives her happiness even though she doesn't have any friends to go out with or anything.

Her first love came from a poor background and she dated him when she was in high school. That was the first time she fell in love, he always sweet talked to her and pampered her Whenever he needs money and tells her she always fork out money for him, then she already started working part time in a restaurant.

She was madly in love with him so she always helped him a lot. Even when she was hungry, if he called her and told her that he was hungry and had not eaten, she would send the money she was supposed to use to eat and give it to me.


One day she caught him cheating with her friend, who is also working as a waitress in the restaurant too. She broke up with him and was heart broken before she met Jackson again who turned out to be a jerk.

Whenever she remembered how she usually gives her first love, Nicholas money even if she will go hungry she felt like she was a fool, that was why she is afraid to fall in love or have friends.

And money has been there for her everyday now he was expecting her to have returned the money to Flow?

Dream on!

Sherry forced out a smile, "I'll return it when you are feeling better" 

Bryan nodded like he understood.

Sherry sighed in relief when she saw this.

"Give me your phone," Bryan said.

Sherry became vigilant once more, "Why?", she asked.

"Just give me" Bryan said.

Sherry handed her phone to him.

He doesn't know her bank password anyway so he is free to do anything he feels like.

Bryan gave her phone back in two minutes.

Sherry opened it.

Beep.

A message came into her phone.

Sherry opened it, feeling bored.

She doesn't like reading her text messages but she was bored so she opened it.

She gasped when she saw the message.
 It was a message from her bank.

       588457XXXXX

     100 Million dollars has been deducted from your account to Bryan Tony 54588XXXX your remaining balance is 10 Billion Dollars.

Thank you for using our bank.

She looked at Bryan in horror, "You..  How did you know my bank pin?" 

Bryan gave her a smug look, "It is not that hard to guess, you forget things easily, so i guess your pin will be your birthday date, i tried it and it worked"

Sherry was shocked.

How did he know that she would forget things easily?

Even her mom didn't know that she forgot things, so she used her birthday date as all the pins in some things that she had to safeguard and no one knows.

After surprise, what came next was heartache

She lost 100 million dollars just like that.

She felt a little sad and depressed.

Seeing her defected look, Bryan heart softened, he was about to say if she needs money he can give her 10× of that "If you.. "

The room door opened, Flow walked in before he could finish his words.

The both of them looked up towards the door at the same time.

Sherry carried the tray and excused herself immediately.

She went to the kitchen and washed the plates before walking back towards Bryan's room.

She saw Flow walk out of the room with tears in her eyes. Her eyes sharpened immediately when she saw Sherry.

 Flow gritted her teeth and said, "Follow me"

Sherry followed her because she had something to tell her to.


They walked towards a corridor before Flow stopped when no one was there.

Flow turned around, she raised her hand to slap, Sherry held her hand immediately.

Flow tried to remove her hands from hers but she couldn't, "Leave my hand" She said gritting her teeth.


Sherry threw her hand away.

Flow glared at her, "Didn't you say you would divorce him in a month? Why did he return the money to me yesterday?" 

Sherry was shocked, he returned the money yesterday?

Who did he send the money to just now?

She hid her surprise and put on an indifferent and cold look, "I changed my mind beside her loves me so much that he doesn't want to let me leave" 

Flow clenched her jaw in anger.

Brother Bryan doesn't want her to leave?

She doesn't believe it.

He sent the money to her back an hour after she sent him a text message with the voice recording as evidence he also warned her not to interfere with his marriage or he would make life difficult for her.

It is all this bitch's fault.

Brother Bryan never treated her like that before he started treating her badly when this bitch came.

"You"

Sherry eyed her like she was an idiot, "Besides, the 100 million dollars you gave me is like a drop of water in my husband's wealth, do you think I'm a fool and doesn't know which one to choose in endless wealth and wealth which would last me for a year"

Flow clenched her fist tightly not caring about the pain, the 100 million dollars was all her savings she saved.

Flow took a deep breath and calmed down a little, she just wanted more money anyway, a gold digger Flow looked at with disdain "100 million dollars is not enough? How much do you want exactly?" Flow asked. She would have to borrow some money from her dad or mom, that is all.

Sherry smirked when she heard this.
This Flow is really too stupid, why should she collect her money when Bryan had tried to give her all his black cards which were unlimited and a chicken change? 

Flow thought she was contemplating it when she didn't talk for awhile, the disdain in her eyes increased, "How about i give 500 million dollars, that should be enough right? Or that is too small, how about 600 million dollars?"

"Not interested" She said and She turned around and left after saying her piece of words.

"900 million dollars" Flow shouted behind her, but Sherry was long gone.

Flow could not do anything to stop and watch her leave with a sinister look.

Flow clenched her jaw tightly, till it bled but she didn't feel the pain.

She was angry and wanted to vent her anger, the look on her face was sinister and vicious unlike the gentle look which was always seen on her face.



Does she think she would laugh last?

Dream on!

Since she refuses to leave, she should not blame for being vicious because she already tried to make her leave perfectly fine, now she would leave her life behind.

The money she would use to get rid of her wouldn't even be up to a million dollars, she knew that if the killers knew her status they wouldn't do it so she decided not to tell them who Sherry was married to.


Anyway it is just a phone call, no one would suspect her.

She took out her phone and dialed a number.

"Hello, Can you make someone disappear forever" 



###chapter 47
Sherry was confused when she heard from Flow that Bryan already paid her the money back.

Who did he transfer the money he transferred from her phone to then?

She took out her phone from her pocket and reread the message from the bank, she saw that it was his name that was there.

Meaning that he transferred the money to himself back?


Sherry felt her heart ache looking at her remaining balance.

She checked her stocks and realized that she already had three times her money, her heart felt a bit consoled looking at the money.

She withdrew her profit of thirty million dollars and left the rest there.

That is how she always withdraws her profit and leaves the rest.

She walked into the room and sat down on the couch.

Bryan raised an eyebrow looking at listless expression "You are back" 

"Mm" Sherry hummed, not in the mood to entertain him.

Sherry lay down on the couch and covered herself with a blanket, she closed her eyes to sleep.

Bryan was watching her movement.

"Come and sleep beside me," Bryan said.

"No need, i might accidentally touch your wounds if i do that" She responded with her eyes closed.

Bryan raised an eyebrow, is she giving me a cold shoulder?

The bed was large enough to contain three people, so she was just giving excuses.

"Sherry" Bryan called but she didn't respond.

He noticed that her breathing is now even, so he understood that she had fallen asleep So he also closed his eyes to sleep.

The figure laying down on the couch opened her eyes when she saw that he had fallen asleep.

She looked at the ceiling in deep thought.

Is she not making a mistake?

She kept asking this question but she didn't get an answer.

She was really afraid that if Bryan also turned out to be like the people she trusted and gave her heart to, she would be betrayed and she was not sure if she would be able to do it anymore.

She knew what she went through three years ago with that person.

She didn't know when she would fall asleep with questions in her mind.


The next day.

When Sherry opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was a chest in front of her.

She was terrified and quickly woke up, clear minded.

She looked around and saw that she was on the bed, tightly embraced by Bryan.

She was pissed. She was sleeping on the couch last night. How did she get to the bed?

And she didn't even know or notice anything.

She looked at Bryan's face, he looked so handsome with his eyes closed.

His eyebrows were full, curly and long she put her hand and traced his eyebrow.

God is really unfair.

He has such a beautiful eyebrow and it was full and dark while her eyebrow was very little.

She admired his face and her eyes landed on his lips.

It looked soft and pink, she felt like taking a bite.

She pecked his lips lightly.

She didn't do anything bad right? He will be her husband soon anyway.

"Are you trying to seduce me?" Bryan asked, his voice sounded hoarse and seductive.

In fact, he had already awoken before Sherry but he closed his eyes when he noticed that she was about to wake up and pretended like he was still sleeping.


Sherry blushed, when she realized that he caught her red handed.

She tried to push him away so she could run away but he held her tightly, she could only struggle.

Bryan changed their position, he lay on top of her.

"Mm? You are not answering?" He whispered.

Sherry licked her lips, feeling nervous and opened her mouth to talk.

Bryan Adams' apple bobbled, his eyes became darker when he saw her reaction. He sealed his lips with her and kissed her wildly.

Bryan imprisoned her ferociously, he pried open her teeth and violently held her captive as he deepened the kiss.

The bed was very soft. Bryan's movements were getting heavier and his hands were all over her. 

Sherry shuddered, she was not wearing anything underneath

His rough palms brushed past her sensitive areas and it caused her body to shiver. She tried to struggle but she was firmly held down by Bryan.

Sherry felt like she would die from suffocation before he finally released her.

Sherry tried to move when she noticed that something hard was pressing her thigh, puzzled she moved her hand to see what it was.

She pressed it, Bryan gritted his teeth.

"Stop" Bryan said, gritting his teeth, if not because of his damn leg he would have pressed her down and had his way with her.

"What?" Sherry asked innocently.

She looked at his face, she saw that his forehead was full of sweat like he was enduring some discomfort, she suddenly realized what she was holding, she quickly released it and looked at him pitifully.

She was scared if he did it, she was not sure that she would be able to walk for a while but she didn't know that the pitiful look on her face made Bryan want to bully her more.


She pecked his lips, catching him off guard before pushing him away, she quickly stood up from the bed and arranged her messy clothes.


Bryan groaned. 

Sherry's attention quickly went back to him, "Are you alright? Did I touch your wounds?" Sherry asked with concern.

Bryan looked at her sullenly, "Help me to the bathroom" 

"Okay" Sherry nodded.

Bryan put a hand on her shoulder, Sherry helped him to the bathroom, he sat down on the jacuzzi.

Sherry was about to walk out of the bathroom, when he held her back, she fell in his arms.

"Wh-at are you d-doing?" Sherry stammered.

"Wifey, help me" He looked at me with a pitiful face.

Sherry was confused, "To do what?" She asked.

Bryan guided her hand towards his crotch, Sherry tried to move her hand from his hold but he held her tightly.

"Darling" He looked at her with a pitiful face.

Sherry's heart melted when she saw his adorable face.

"But I have never done it before," Sherry said.

Although she was not a virgin, she had never touched it before.

Bryan knew that she had relented and said happily, "I'll guide you" 

Sherry muttered an 'Oh'

"I'll help you just this once only," Sherry said.

"Okay!" Bryan agreed.

He guided her hand towards his crotch again, Sherry blushed and allowed him to do whatever he wanted.

By the time they finished Sherry's hand was aching badly. She felt like she could not use her hand to eat.

She looked at Bryan and saw that he was looking refreshed and energized.

Shameless man!


Sherry cursed him multiple times in her head.

Bryan took his bath and Sherry helped him out of the bathroom once he was done. Then she went to take her bath and changed her clothes inside the bathroom before going out of the bathroom.

"I have already called Calvin, he would come over and drive us to register our marriage" Bryan said when he saw Sherry.

Sherry looked at him with concern, "Can you handle it? Your wounds" 

Bryan nodded, "I'm fine" 


Knock

Someone knocked on the door.

"Come in," Sherry said.

The door opened, a doctor walked in with a nurse beside him.

"Good morning, Mr and Mrs Tony" The doctor bowed respectfully to them.

 

###chapter 48
The nurse immediately followed what the doctor did.

Bryan nodded in reply.

The doctor was not angry about this.

"Good morning, doctor," Sherry replied instead.

The doctor felt flattered when Sherry replied his greetings, he blushed when he saw that Sherry was looking at him, The doctor was young and youthful so he fall into daze when he saw Sherry smiled at him,  he felt someone looking at him coldly his eyes met Bryan cold eyes, he shivered.

"Uhm.. I wa-nt to che-ck up on him, ``the doctor stammered.

Sherry nodded and made way for the doctor.

The doctor walked towards Bryan and did a full body check up on him.

"How is he now?" Sherry asked when he saw that the doctor was through.

"He is fine but he has to let his wounds heal before he starts walking normally" The doctor said with his eyes looking around not daring to look at Sherry's face.

Sherry nodded, not noticing the doctor's odd behavior.

"We want to go and do something urgent, can I go?" Bryan asked the doctor.

"Yes, you can go anywhere with the help of a wheelchair" The doctor said.

Bryan looked at Sherry smugly.

Hmph he would register their marriage today. So she wouldn't have a chance to go back on her words.

Sherry shook her head at his childish behavior.

"Thank you doctor" Sherry thanked the doctor sincerely.

The doctor blushed again, "It is my responsibility" The doctor said bashfully.

The doctor and the nurse walked out of the room.

"Calvin is here, let's go" Bryan said when the doctor and the nurse walked out of the room.

Sherry nodded.

She helped him into the wheelchair and pushed him out of the hospital.

Calvin opened the door, they both helped Bryan into the car.

Sherry opened the boot and put the wheelchair there, She walked towards the second door and sat down next to Bryan.

Calvin started the car and drove off.

They drove for an hour before he took a turn at the final traffic light and then pulled to a stop.

Sherry looked out of the window, the wordings on the building were clear as day: Diamond city civil affairs bureau marriage registry.

Sherry's heart pounded, she sat down in a daze and didn't even notice that Calvin had helped Bryan out of the car.

This was the first time she was getting married for real. She had always dated or had a contract marriage but she never married before she was afraid.

"What? You don't want to take responsibility for me? I've spent all my first time with you, first kiss, the first time I've ever seen a woman, the first time doing it but you still don't want to take responsibility for me?" He asked with a look of grievance.

Sherry's mouth twitched, why does it keep making her look like a scumbag.

"I have not applied my makeup, marriage picture is for a lifetime i have to look beautiful" 

Bryan nodded, his eyes softened when he heard that she was not reluctant to marry. To be honest, he was afraid, he was afraid that she would change her mind. That was why he wanted to quickly register their marriage so she wouldn't have time to change her mind.


Sherry took out some of her makeup stuff and started applying it on her face. She finished within 30 minutes and walked out of the car.

Bryan glanced at her deeply with deep affection in his eyes. She walked towards him and said in a small voice, "Let's go"

She pushed his wheelchair and they walked into the civil affairs bureau, an unconscious smile appeared on his face.

It was a working day and the crowd was thin, Because people who get married every day are not much.

The moment they stepped into the civil affairs and, one of the staff members walked towards them, he bowed respectfully when he saw them.

"Mr Tony, Mrs Tony" 

Bryan nodded.

Sherry didn't reply because her mind was somewhere else.

He took them to a place and gave them the documents.

Upon receiving the documents, Sherry's hand trembled slightly as she held the pen.

She turned her head slightly and saw that Bryan had already finished signing the documents.

He looked up at her after he finished signing his name on the documents, Sherry withdrew her gaze from him and looked at the documents, she hesitated for a few seconds.

Is she making the right decision?

Bryan's eyes turned cold when he saw her hesitation but he didn't say anything and just watched her.

She sighed and signed her name on the documents.

His eyes softened when he saw that she signed her name.

He took the papers from her and handed them over to the staff.


The host staff said, "May I know if you come here to marry willingly?" 

Bryan nodded and answered firmly, "Yes"

The host glanced at her.

Sherry hesitated for a few seconds and replied, "Yes"

Bryan's tense expression relaxed when he heard her reply. 

The certificate issuer officially pronounced them as man and wife.

They took some pictures and they were given the marriage certificate.

They walked out of the civil affairs bureau together.

She couldn't believe that she was really married.

"We are really married?" She exclaimed in disbelief.

Bryan nodded, "That is right we are officially married, you are officially mine" Bryan said.

He was married to the person he has been looking for.

They were now married as man and wife.

Lawful man and wife.

His heart melted when he kept repeating this, his heart was full of joy and contentment.

They walked into the car, Sherry sat down next to him.

Calvin started the car and drove out of the civil affairs bureau.

"Tonight is our wedding night" He whispered in a sensual way into her eyes.

Sherry blushed and moved away from.

It was easy to know what she was thinking about when Bryan saw her blushed, his eyes darkened.

He moved and took some documents out from the seat. He dropped them on her lap, "Have a look" 

Sherry was confused but she still obediently flipped the documents opened.

It was the property deed of his companies, his houses and some of his assets.

Sherry raised her head and looked at him, confused, "Why is it only my name there?" Sherry asked.

"It is ours, whatever is mine is yours and whatever is yours will be yours" He said with a tone of affection.

Sherry's heart raced, she felt happy and warm but she didn't show it and looked at him with an indifferent look, "You've transferred all your assets under my name, Are you not afraid that I'll run away?" 

"No" He said and continued unhurriedly "My stamp is on you now so no matter how you run you will always be mine"

Even if she runs away, she won't be able to get married to someone else because they already registered their marriage unless they divorced then she can marry someone else.

Her heart skipped a beat.

She suddenly turned into a billionairess in a day?

Calvin stopped the car, Sherry looked out of the window and saw that they were not at the hospital.

She turned around and looked at him, puzzled, "Where is this?" 

He smiled, "We have to buy rings" He said.

"Ah? There is ring?" She exclaimed.

Bryan didn't answer her question, Calvin helped him out of the car, he waved for Sherry to get down from the car also.



###chapter 49
Sherry sighed, she got out of the car and followed him into the store.

An attendant walked towards them.

"Hi sir and ma'am, What do you need?" The attendant asked respectfully.

"Bring out your diamond rings," Bryan said.

"Ok sir" The attendant said and quickly walked into the warehouse, she came back in a few minutes with a tray.

She put the tray in front of Bryan.

Bryan started checking them out with a serious expression, he raised his head and glanced at Sherry after selecting three types of rings.

"Which one do you like most?" He said and showed Sherry.

Sherry looked at the rings with a serious expression.

She doesn't know the one to choose, or the one which looks pretty most everything looks pretty to her. She has never used a ring before and she doesn't fancy them so she doesn't use them.

She pursed her lips and looked at Bryan with an helpless expression, "I don't know what to choose, How about you choose it?" 

Bryan nodded, "What about this?" He asked.

Sherry nodded, "It looked great," Sherry said.

Bryan glanced at the attendant, "We will choose this one" 

The attendant was happy.

The ring was the most expensive ring in their store. She made a fortune today and was sure her manager would be happy and reward her.

"Yes," The attendant said enthusiastically.

Bryan took out his card from his pocket and handed it to the attendant.


They walked out of the store together after paying.

Bryan put the ring in her finger inside the car, "Use this for now, I'll help you create another one" Bryan said, he also gave her the ring, she put the ring in his finger.

Sherry shook her head, "No it is fine" She felt that it was unnecessary but she didn't want to hurt his feelings so she didn't tell him when he was buying the ring.

Ring!

Bryan was about to talk when his phone rang.

He took out his phone from his pocket.

It was his Grandma.

He picked it up and put the phone in his ear.

"Hello Grandma"

"Baby Bryan, the doctor called me and told me you left the hospital, Why can't you stay till you recover?" Grandma scolded him gently on the phone.

Bryan pursues his lips and replied "Grandma, I'm fine i know my body the most" 

"Where are you? Is Sherry with you?" Grandma asked.

"Yes she is beside me" Bryan replied.

"Okay, how about you come for lunch before going home?" Grandma suggested.

Bryan turned around and glanced at Sherry, "Grandma asked us to come for lunch, do you want to go?" He asked.

"Sure," Sherry replied.

Bryan nodded and replied, "Okay" 

"Good, I'll ask Aunty Gladys to prepare lunch for you," Grandma said with an excited voice.

Bryan hung up and put his phone in his pocket.

Sherry felt something light fall on her leg, she bent down and saw that it was paper, curious, she picked it up.

She opened it to look at the content and saw that it was the receipt for the rings that Bryan bought.

She gasped when she saw the figure he bought the rings.

She glanced at Bryan with her mouth open, "You" 

Bryan raised an eyebrow when he saw her dumbfounded look, confused "What?" He asked.

"Those rings you bought are too expensive," Sherry said.

It is worth 10 billion dollars, those small rings. It is not like she could eat the ring or something Sherry lamented in her heart. If she knew that the ring is so expensive she would have asked him not to buy it. If he is looking for ways to waste money he could give it to her and she would help him spend it well.

"No, it is fine," Bryan said with a smile.

Sherry smiled bitterly, if she uses that money and invests in some stocks she would be able to earn 100 times of it.

"We are here," Calvin said, breaking their train of thoughts.

Sherry looked out of the window and saw that they were at Grandma's place.

She got out of the car.

She turned around to the other side and helped Bryan out of the car to the wheelchair.

She pushed him into the house.

Grandma walked towards them immediately she saw them.

"Bryan, are you alright?" She asked with concern.

"I'm fine," Bryan reassured her.

Grandma nodded and glanced at Sherry, "It has been hard on you" She said and looked at Sherry with tenderness in her eyes.

Sherry smiled brightly, "Grandma it is my duty" 

Aunty Gladys walked out of the dining room and walked towards them "Young Master, are you okay?" Aunty Gladys asked.

"I'm fine, don't worry about me," Bryan said.

"That is good" Aunty Gladys heaved a sigh of relief when she heard his response.

"Young Madam" Aunty Gladys called out respectfully.

Sherry smiled and greeted her back.

"Lunch is ready, Old Madam," Aunty Gladys told Grandma.

Grandma clapped her hand like a child with a smile, "Lunch is ready, let's go and eat" She said.

Sherry nodded and pushed Bryan towards the dining room.

She helped him to sit and sat down next to him.

Grandma sat down opposite them. They started eating when Grandma ate.

Sherry started eating and she was feeling so hungry and she doesn't know why.

She carried her glass which was filled with water and took a sip.

She suddenly felt something touch her thigh, she choked on her water immediately.

Bryan took the towel with his left hand and wiped her mouth gently, "You even choke on water".

Sherry looked at her thigh and saw that his right hand was caressing her.

"Sherry, are you alright?" Grandma asked with concern.

She glanced at him and saw his innocent face.

Innocent face my ass!

This shameless man.

He can't keep his hand to himself and is harassing her under the table.

She forced out a smile and glanced at Grandma, "I'm fine, Grandma" 

Grandma nodded and continued eating oblivious of what the both of them were doing.

Sherry glared at Bryan and mouthed for him to remove his hand from her thigh but he just smiled at her in a relaxed manner.

Somebody help, He is bullying an innocent girl like her!


She decided to ignore him and continue eating her meal, but he went far and started rubbing her thigh deeper towards her pants.

"Stop it!" Sherry said before she could stop herself.

Grandma and Aunty Gladys glanced at her, confused, "Are you alright?" Grandma asked.

"Are you alright?" Aunty Gladys also asked.

Sherry glanced at Bryan who was also looking at with an innocent face.

She felt like cursing when she saw that he was still acting innocent.

She shook her head, "I'm fine, Grandma, i just want to use the washroom" she said and stood up from her seat.

She walked out of the dining room in a hurried step and walked into the washroom.

She looked at her reflection in the mirror, her face was so red like she had a fever.

She rinsed her face with some water so the redness on her face will show less.

After making sure she was back to normal she walked out of the washroom, she walked into the dining room.

Grandma and Bryan had finished eating when she came back.

"Are you alright now?" Grandma asked with a meaningful smile.

Sherry blushed and avoided Grandma's meaningful glances and nodded, "I'm fine now, Grandma" Sherry said in a thin voice.

"We will be leaving now," Bryan told Grandma.




###chapter 50
Sherry helped Bryan into the car and sat down next to him.

She glanced at Bryan with a stern face, "Why are you doing that to me?" She asked.

Bryan felt an itch in his heart when he saw her stern face, she looked so adorable, her stern face looked adorable and cute, he felt his crotch rise.

Damn it!

Even her face turns him on!

He looked at me with an innocent face, "What did I do?" He asked.

"You.."

Sherry was speechless.

How is she supposed to say that?

Damn this man is really shameless.

She was about to turn around and ignore him, when he cupped her small face, with a sense of urgency, he pressed her down the car and started to kiss her.

Sherry was caught off guard, she widened her eyes while he circled his arms around her waist. He deepened the kiss and hugged her firmly that she won't be able to escape.

Calvin noticed that the car was silent, he looked back from the mirror and saw what was happening. He quickly looked in front and pretended like he could not see anything.

See no evil.

Sherry was almost breathless, she felt as though she was being devoured.

His movement was dominating, he slid his hand into her clothes. Sherry started struggling.

They were in the car beside someone who was there but no matter how much she struggled she still couldn't escape.

Sherry bit her lips to stop the moan that was about to escape from her mouth, she felt a strange warmth against her thigh.

Bryan didn't pause at all, he moved his lips away from her mouth.

"Stop" Sherry said breathless, she tried to regain her breath, panting.

He didn't release her and moved his lips to her neck, kissing and sucking her neck.

Sherry pushed him away strongly, he fell back. She sat down straight, panting heavily.

"Scoundrel" She scolded.

Bryan smiled.

He sat down straight and realized that he lost control.

The self control he was proud of is nothing in front of Sherry.

The car stopped. 

Sherry walked out of the car and ran into the house with a red face. She felt so embarrassed that she couldn't look at Calvin.

She went back into the room and walked into the bathroom to take a shower.

She changed her clothes and walked out of the room.

She met Bryan in the living room, she ignored him, feeling mad at him and walked out of the house.


She hailed a cab to her mom's place.

It has been awhile since she went there, the other day she went there her mom was not at home. It was only Nancy that she saw at home.

The taxi stopped.

Sherry paid the taxi man and walked into her mom's house.

Her mom was inside the living room watching a show on the television.

Her mom smiled immediately she saw her, "Sherry, you are here" 

Sherry nodded and sat down on the couch opposite her.

Her mom asked, her gaze still on the television, "How is your work?" 

"Fine mom" 

Her mom glanced at with a serious expression, "Let's talk, Sherry" She said with a serious tone.

Sherry glanced at her, "Okay?"

"I saw Wendy, your friend from high school yesterday" her mom started, Sherry heart sank when she heard this.

"Oh" Sherry muttered, she felt awkward talking to her mom, she felt that they are not close anymore.

She would rather keep things to herself than tell her mom, she doesn't know why maybe it was because when she needed her she was not there.


To be honest, she blamed her mom a little, but she didn't hold a grudge against her and did her duty by giving her money weekly and sometimes monthly.

Everything that happened to her from high school till now, she never told her mom or anybody about it She always keeps everything in her mind.

"She told me that you snatched her friend's fiance just because the guy is rich, Sherry you can't do that Don't forget that mistresses are bad people who people hate a lot, don't ruin someone else's happiness just because of money or your happiness" Her mom warned her.

Sherry gave her mom a self-deprecating smile. She didn't ask her whether it was true or not but she already came to the conclusion that she is the third party.

"Mom, you didn't even ask my daughter if it was true or not but you already believed the random words someone told you?" Sherry asked with a bitter smile.

"Sherry, I don't blame you but Wendy is a good child and she can't lie to me," Her mom said with confidence.

"Oh" Sherry muttered and walked out of the house.

"Sherry!" Her mom called her.

But she didn't stop and walked out looking back.

"Come back now, if you knew that I'm your mother" Her mom yelled.

Sherry turned a deaf ear to what she said and hailed a taxi, she got into the taxi, feeling so sad.

It seems only Bryan and his Grandma trusted her even though she had not known them for long, but someone who gave birth to her doubted her.


She felt so sad and lonely, the feeling of despair that she always felt was returning to her heart.

She didn't tell her mom about the things Wendy did to her in high school yet, if she told her will she even believe her? 

She doesn't understand why people usually choose to believe Wendy rather than her? Is it part of her charm? 

Her hatred for Wendy became deeper, if Wendy was standing in front of her she was sure that she would probably beat her to death or try to kill her.

Why can't she just leave her alone? She just wants to start living her life peacefully but she still continues creating trouble for her.

It was no wonder why she thought of committing suicide when she was young and naive, even when she is all grown up she still doesn't want her to live her life peacefully.

The thing she regretted the most was becoming friends with Wendy, everyone would probably love their high school and would yearn to go back there, but all the feelings she had left for high school was hatred.

She hated the school, she was humiliated a lot in that school by the students, She had to go for therapy for six months before she regained herself, if not perhaps she would have turned into a psychotic killer and wants to kill all the students in the school because of everything she went through in the school.

They protected Wendy like an egg while they humiliated her and trample on her dignity multiple times. She had to force herself to complete her high school even with all the humiliation she was going through.

Sherry snapped out of her train of thought, confused as she looked out of the window.

She knew that Bryan's house was not far away from her mom's house. It is just like an hour's journey but they have been on the road for an hour and thirty minutes now.


She saw that she was not familiar with the place the driver was driving. 

She was scared and quickly took her phone out , she texted Bryan and told him where she was, she hit the send button. 

She raised her head and saw that the driver was pointing a gun at her.

She was so scared, her palms become sweaty. She clenched her fist to stop herself from trembling.



###chapter 51
Sherry trembled, she had to clench her fist tightly to stop herself from showing weaknesses to the killer.

She always wanted to die in the past but now someone is pointing a gun at her. She doesn't want to die anymore and she is afraid of dying.

"Your phone" The man said, his voice sounded thick and dangerous, he was putting on a nose mask with a dark eyeglass.

Sherry didn't even notice all these when she hailed the cab because of the things on her mind, he looked dangerous and weird if she noticed all these she wouldn't have entered it in the first place.

Sherry handed her phone to him, fortunately, she had texted Bryan immediately she noticed that something was amused, if not, maybe she would die.

The man took her phone and threw it out of the window, "Lay down properly" The man said.

Rape?

"What?" Sherry asked, forgetting her fears.

"I think i just fucking asked you to lay down on the seat properly" The man snarled at her,  scaring her so much his voice sounded like a snake..

"Sir, we can talk about this right? How much did the person who sent you give you? My husband can give you three times that" Sherry said despite her fears..


"You want to stall time?" The man asked with a vicious grin.

Sherry shook her head, "N-no" She had never encountered this before.

All she had encountered was the day her mom traveled as always,  Nancy also went to sleep in her classmate house,, so she was the only one at home and she had to sleep alone,, she was having insomnia so she went out in the middle of the night, because she couldn't sleep and she is sacred to stay alone inside the house, she walked and passed a very dark alley, someone called her from the dark alley, not her name the person said. "Hi"

Sherry stopped and looked towards the dark alley, "Please come" the person said she was not even sure if the person was a Male or a Female. She was about to walk towards them when someone suddenly approached her from behind.

She looked and saw that it was the security man who monitors the house next to her house.

"Good evening" Sherry greeted the man.

"Where are you going to by this time of the night? What do you want to do in that alley" The man asked sternly.

Sherry quickly came clean and told him that someone just called her from the alley now.

The man pointed a touch light towards the alley but no one was there.

She was shocked, because she was sure someone called her from the alley now.

The man warned her and told her that human traffickers are roaming now so it is not safe anymore, he followed her home and watched her walk into the house.


From that day onward, Sherry would rather stay at home than go outside.

"Bitch!" The man hit her head with the back of the gun, Blood seeped out from her head.

It was painful that she felt like shouting but she bit her lips.

The man glared at her with no pity in his eyes, "i was asked to rape you first before killing you but now i have lose interest" the man said with disdain in his eyes.

Rape before killing her?

Who did she offend?

The only person who came to her mind was Flow but will she really do that because of a man?

If she can do something as vicious as this because of a man, then she vowed to repay her back.

Sherry gave the man a seductive smile.

Seduce him and catch him off guard, the runaway! That was what came into her mind.

She smiled seductively at the man even though she was shaking with fear. She raised her hand and touched the man's chest.

Yuck!

So disgusting!.

But she just entered it.

The man raised an eyebrow at her action and didn't stop her, maybe he was sure she won't be able to do anything since she is a girl.

Hmph! underestimating her!

"Sir, how about we have sex first?" She asked with and licked her lips seductively.

"What? Do you want someone who can satisfy you? I thought they said you are married, but you are actually a bitch! I'll satisfy you, "the man said.

Sherry blinked her eyes at him, "Although I'm married, What should I do when he doesn't satisfy me?" Sherry asked with a sad look.

The man nodded, "Then I'll satisfy you" He pushed her down.

Sherry quickly grabbed the kitchen knife she saw at the backseat and she held it firmly.

Fortunately, the guy already put his gun in his pocket.


He lay down on top of her, Sherry held the knife at his back, she stabbed him firmly at the back.

The man was shocked like he couldn't believe he let his guard down "Bitch! I'll kill you!" The man groaned in pain.

Sherry quickly pushed him away and ran out of the car.

The man brought his gun from his pocket and fired at her. The gun met her left leg.

She fell down and groaned in pain.

She looked back and saw that the man was approaching her already, she looked around and saw the place she was, it was a quiet place and she didn't see any humans there.

She was unsure if Bryan will be able to get here in time or not, or if he would be able to locate.

She gritted her teeth and struggled to stand, she started running even though her leg was in pain.

Her run was not too fast but compared to that man, her run was fast because the man was also in pain and still running after her.

Sherry looked left and right and saw an alley, she quickly ran towards there, sweats were on her forehead by now, she was enduring the pain from the gun shot with force.

Her head felt heavy like she would faint but she endured, she gritted her teeth and continued running.


She can't fall now until she is safe.

She soon got to the alley and squatted down. The alley was dark but the outside was bright so she could see everything going on outside. The man soon got to the alley. He looked at the alley for a few seconds before running towards the right side.

She heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that the man took the wrong direction.

She sat down at the alley, she looked outside not letting down her guard.

All she hoped for right now was for Bryan to get here early. Her body can't take it anymore and she felt like she would collapse soon.

All she wants right now is to sleep. Her eyes are growing heavier seconds by seconds and she can't resist opening her eyes anymore.


"I know you will be here," The man said.

Sherry forced her eyes to open and saw the man standing in front of her with a vicious grin on his face. He looked angry.


She looked at the man, her body was already weak so she just gave up and let the man do whatever he wanted.

The man pointed the gun at her forehead.

Sherry closed her eyes solemnly.

Waiting for the gun shot.

'Bang'



###chapter 52
Bryan was sitting down in the living room, waiting for Sherry.
She left the house because she was embarrassed and has not returned and it is getting late which is odd.
Most of the time, she always stays at home and doesn't go out except when she has classes.
He took his phone and dialed her number but she didn't pick up. He looked at his phone and suddenly realized that he doesn't even know who to call that she always talks with. The only friend he has ever seen her with, he doesn't have her number.
He was about to call her again when a text message came into his phone.

'Beep'

Bryan opened the text message and saw that it was from Sherry.

He immediately opened it.

'Can you come and save me? I think I'm somewhere Universal street" 

He frowned when he saw the message, he quickly dialed Cornelius' number.

 The phone rang and he picked at the second ring.

"Why are you calling me this time? Did your wife leave you?" Cornelius said teasingly, seeming like he was gloating.

"Help me track her number. I need it now!" Bryan said with a serious voice.

"What? She really left?" Cornelius asked, he was already pressing his laptop furiously.

"Cornelius!!" Bryan growled in anger.

Cornelius shivered when he heard his angry voice, his anger is very bad and no one would want to offend him when he is angry.

"I'm already tracking it," Cornelius replied quickly.

"Send me her location" he said and hung up.

He dialed a number on his phone again.

"Hello Young Master" The person picked at the first ring.

"Pick up five people from your team, And come here right now" Bryan said and hung up.

He wheeled himself out of the living room.

Calvin walked towards him immediately he saw him, "Sir are you going somewhere?" He asked.

"Don't bother" Bryan dismissed him.

Calvin left quickly.

Five men walked towards him and bowed.

"Young Master" 

Bryan nodded.

Ring!

His phone rang.

It was Cornelius.

Bryan picked up immediately.

"Hello bro, I have tracked her number. She is somewhere in Universal street, the deserted place," Cornelius said in a serious voice.

Bryan hung up.

"Universal street" He told the men.

 They always follow him whenever he is going on a business trip or whenever something dangerous happens, they are well trained guards. His grandfather trained them. They became his bodyguards when he took over the company from his Grandma.

One of the men, Nicholas, opened the door for him, and helped him in.

He went to the driver seat and started the car, the rest took another car and followed them behind.

They got there in an hour, it was supposed to be an hour and thirty minutes journey but Bryan urged Nicholas to drive faster.

Nicholas parked at a car he saw first, he helped Bryan out of the car.

One of the bodyguards went to check the car, then he walked towards Bryan.

"I have checked the car, there is nothing amiss there but i found this phone" He handed the phone to Bryan.

Bryan accepted the phone and recognized it as Sherry's.

"This is her phone" He said and continued "Three people should go to the left, While the rest should follow me" Bryan commanded.

Three people left immediately.

Nicholas pushed the wheelchair and they started walking towards the left direction.

They got a place, there was left and right there and there was also an alley.

"One of you should go to the left," Bryan told one of the guards.

One left immediately.

Bryan pointed at the alley and ordered Nicholas to wheel him there.

Nicholas pushed the wheelchair towards the alley without hesitation.

The alley was dark but Bryan had sharp eyes so he could see a man figure pointing a gun at someone, Nicholas also saw it.

He took out his gun and fired at the man.

The man was shot at the shoulder, he fell and lost consciousness coupled with the stab Sherry stabbed him, he already felt weak too.


Bryan pushed himself towards her, anxious,  Nicholas turned on his phone flash light, the alley brightened.

She was lying in a pool of blood, Bryan wheeled himself faster towards her, he got there but he couldn't check on her without standing up.

He gritted his teeth while trying to stand up, he sat down next to her and held her in his arms. By the time he finished, he was covered with cold sweat because of the wound in his legs.

"Sherry?"

Sherry was so pale that her face was as white as a piece of paper. Breathing heavily, she was covered in cold sweat, her eyes were shut.

"Am in heaven?" She asked and continued, "Why am I hearing Bryan's voice too?"

Bryan felt like laughing at her silliness, "Little fool" Bryan said, his voice was hoarse.

Tears fell down from her cheeks, making his heart tremble, "So I'm really in heaven" 


She opened her eyes with difficulty, the brightness of the room blind her eyes momentarily, she opened her eyes a little till she got used to the brightness. 

"Bryan? What are you doing in heaven too?" She asked, her eyes were becoming heavier.

She couldn't endure it anymore and closed her eyes, she fell unconscious.

"Sherry!!" Bryan called his voice filled with fear. 

"Young Master, Young Madam is still breathing, she just fainted" Nicholas quickly informed when he saw that his expression looks terrible.

"What should we do then?" Bryan asked foolishly, his mind was blank and he didn't even know what to do anymore.

"Let's take her to the hospital," Nicholas said immediately.


"Right, hospital" Bryan said in realization.

Nicholas ordered one of the guards to help him to the wheelchair, he was about to carry Sherry in his arms when Bryan stopped him.

"No, don't carry, put her on my lap" Bryan said.

Nicholas' mouth twitched when he heard him, is he still getting jealous in this situation?

He obeyed him and put her on his lap, he is not interested in Sherry anyways.

He pushed Bryan out of the alley.

The guards carried the man and followed them out.

Bryan was pushed out to where the car was. The ambulance had already arrived, Bryan was not sure how he got into the ambulance and arrived at the hospital.

He just kept looking at Sherry, he would feel her nose to see if she was still breathing.

They got to the hospital and the nurse wheeled Sherry into the emergency room.

Bryan was about to follow when he was stopped by the nurse, "Sorry sir, you can't go in" 

"Damn" Bryan cursed, the nurse was scared when he saw his angry expression.

The man looked handsome but he was too terrifying.

"Young Master, let the doctors do their work" Nicholas advised.

He has been with Bryan since childhood, they grew up together and you could call them close friends.



###chapter 53
The door of the emergency room was opened, and a doctor walked out of the room.

Bryan stood up and walked towards the doctor immediately.

"How is she?" 

"The surgery was successful, who are you to her?" The doctor asked.

"I'm her husband," Bryan said immediately.

The doctor nodded, "The patient was shot in the leg, fortunately you brought her here quickly or she would have lost her leg" 

Hearing what the doctor said, Bryan was so angry that if the killer was in front of him, he would have choked him to death.

The doctor walked away after saying this, Bryan went to the private ward she was transferred to after the surgery.

Sherry was asleep, her face was pale, Bryan checked her breathing to see if she was breathing or having difficulty breathing.

He wheeled himself and to her side, he just watched her, he didn't know how much time had passed but he was really scared that she would stop breathing.

His eyes grew heavy and was already half asleep when he suddenly heard her voice.

"Is this heaven?" 

Bryan opened his eyes and held her hand feeling amused when he heard her question.

"Little fool"

Sherry looked up when she heard that familiar voice beside her, she looked at him in shock.

"Are you in heaven too?" She asked.

Bryan smiled and pressed his lips on hers, Sherry stared her eyes wide open.

Bryan locked her hands down and kissed her hard, His tongue sliding into her teeth with strong lust and desires, heavy and relentless, before releasing so he won't lose control of himself.

"So are you in heaven ?" Bryan asked, his eyebrows raised.

Sherry's heart raced, was she still alive?

This is not heaven?

She pinched herself, "Ouch" She could feel the pain.

Bryan poured her a glass of lukewarm water, "Do you want water?" He asked.

Sherry nodded, she wanted to speak but she felt like not talking.

Bryan handed her the water, Sherry drank it all.

She felt like she hadn't drank water for years.

She felt her throat was normal and she asked, "I thought he shot me?" 

"He was about to but got shot instead" Bryan said.

He tried to stand up from his wheelchair.

Sherry was shocked, "What are you doing? Do you want your wounds to get worse?" She asked with panic in her eyes.

Bryan smiled and was happy when he saw the concern in her eyes, "This injury is nothing, all you have to do is to get well" He said and helped her adjust the pillow so she would be comfortable.

Sherry watched him and saw the beads of sweat on his forehead, her heart ached for him.

She also wants to rely on a man sometimes, she also wants to experience love and wants people to love her but she is scared of being hurt. Falling in love with the wrong person hurts like hell but who knows who is the wrong person and who is the right person?

So this is love?

She recalled the day she was seriously ill, she was feeling very weak and couldn't go to work so she stayed at home. Her first love called her that fateful day, that he hasn't eaten anything since morning and he is sick as well.

Sherry was shocked when she heard that he was ill, she felt like they were fated and compatible because they fell ill at the same time.

Rain was falling that day, but she still walked inside the rain to her work and borrowed money from her friend. The money her friend gave her was less than what she needed, she needed $500 but her friend gave her $200 because that is all she had. Sherry didn't want to spend from the $200 so she trekked from her workplace to her boyfriend's house which was about ten kilometers or something under the rain.

She gave him the money and he was happy when he saw the money, Sherry felt it was worth it when she saw his happy expression.

She told him that she was sick and would go home first. Her fever worsened when she got home and she was feeling dizzy. She fainted twice but no one was there to take care of her.


He didn't even call her to ask about her health. When she caught him with her friend she suddenly felt that everything she did for him was ridiculous.

"Sherry ?" 

She heard Bryan's voice in her head.

Sherry snapped out of her thought and looked at him, puzzled.

"What ?"

Bryan felt sullen when he saw that she was absentminded

What is she thinking?

"I have been calling you, but you didn't answer"

Sherry muttered an 'Oh' and looked at him with a serious expression.
"We just got married today and I'm already troubling you, don't you feel that I'm a bad luck?" Sherry asked.

"No, even if you are bad luck, I'll be bad luck with you" Bryan said seriously.

Sweet talking to me!! Sherry thought.

The sarcastic word she was about to say froze when she saw that his expression was serious.

She suddenly felt scared.

If she fell for him and he turned out to be like the guys she dated in the past, she was sure she would feel like dying.

Her heart couldn't take another heartbreak.

She is the kind of person who falls in love easily if a guy chats with her and she is free with him and she tells him some things that are personal, if the guy cares for her and shows his concern for her. If the guy treats her well and so many other things. She was sure she would fall in love with the person. That was why she avoided guys or talking to people, even females, because most of them are just hypocrites and only fake love is out there, no real love.

Sherry pursue her lips, she blinked her eyes at him, "Don't treat me so well"

"Why?" Bryan asked.

"I might become spoil" Sherry said.

"That is the result I want, I'll pamper you a lot  so you won't be able to leave me because no one else would be able to," Bryan said cheekily.

Sherry blinked and lay down on the bed,  "I'm feeling sleepy" She closed her eyes after saying this.

Bryan sighed.


He knew he had to take it slowly before she would fall in love with him.  He suddenly felt impatient but he still decided to wait and take it slowly so she wouldn't run away from him.

He wheeled himself out of the ward when he saw that her breathing was even.

He didn't know that the figure on the bed opened her eyes and watched him leave.

She always pretends like she was sleeping since she was a kid, so it is a piece of cake for her to pretend that she was sleeping when he was here.


She sighed and thought about it.

Should she really fall in love with him?

The marriage she wanted was a loveless marriage she had thought about, if it is not possible she would just hire a surrogate then.

But he wants love but she doesn't want to fall in love.

She was feeling confused and didn't know what to do.

To fall or not to fall?

She made up her mind to let fate decide.

She sighed and closed her eyes to sleep for real this time.


###chapter 54
"Young master" Nicholas called.

"Where is he?" Bryan asked, he clenched his fist and tried to lower his voice, so he wouldn't disturb the woman sleeping inside the ward room.

"They took him to the warehouse," Nicholas answered respectfully.

"Let's go," Bryan said.

Nicholas nodded, he walked and stood behind him and pushed the wheelchair out of the hospital.

He helped him into the car before going to the driver seat, he started the car and drove out of the hospital.



Nicholas parked the car in a desolate warehouse, he helped Bryan out of the car and wheeled him into the warehouse.

He pushed him into a room.

Two men were inside the room putting on black.

"Boss" They bowed respectfully when they saw him.

Bryan nodded.

The killer was tied to a chair, he was awake now.

"Did he confess?" Bryan asked the men.

"No," they answered.

Bryan raised his head and looked at him, "Who sent you?" Bryan asked him.

The man gave him a mockery smile, "Even your men can't make me say the truth no talk of you" 

Bryan lit a cigarette, he put it between his fingers, he narrowed his eyes at the man, making the man shiver subconsciously.

"Give him a shot," Bryan said to Nicholas.

Nicholas nodded and walked towards him.

"W-what do you want to do?" The man looked at Nicholas warily.

Nicholas didn't answer him, he took out an injection which was already prepared, and there is some liquid inside the injection.

He stabbed the man with an injection and pressed the liquid into his body.

The man didn't feel anything when the content inside the injection was transferred into his body but he didn't dare to let his guard down.

He suddenly felt his eyes were heavy.

A sleeping pill?

The man was puzzled, his body felt heavy too before he knew he already closed his eyes.

But he didn't fall asleep, he could hear everything going on around him but he couldn't open his eyes no matter how much he struggled, he couldn't even move his body, everything he could see was darkness but he could hear everything going on around him.

"I know you can hear me," Bryan said.

His voice sounded like he was the devil himself, the man felt like he was in hell alone.

This is real torture!

Can he give him a second chance? He would confess!

He tried to move or open his mouth but he couldn't no matter how much he tried.

"This is a chemical made from Brazil, i heard it is make for people like you who prove to be stubborn and doesn't want to confess, I'm willing to let you enjoy it for the first for an hour, after an hour I'll give you the antidote but if you refuse to confess I'll let you continue living like this, you won't be able to live nor will you be able to die, this is the last chance" Bryan said, his eyes twinkled with evil unlike the gentle expression he usually show Sherry.

The man felt like he just gave him a death sentence, he would have to stay like this for an hour?

This is too evil.

He wished he could turn back time and 'obediently' confess but it is too late.

Bryan took out his phone and read his emails silently.

1 hour later..

He raised his head from his phone and stared at Nicholas, "Give me a shot" 

Nicholas nodded, he walked towards the table and took another injection from the table.

He walked towards the man and gave him a shot.


The man tried to open his eyes and he succeeded, he felt happy but he was happy too soon when he saw Bryan.

"Are you ready to confess?" Bryan asked with a devilish smile.

The man hesitated for a few seconds before he nod his head, "Yes"

"Good, I'm listening," Bryan said.

The man opened his mouth and started talking, "I know this can sound ridiculous but i don't know the person who sent me" The man said and looked at Bryan hesitatingly.

Bryan chuckled, the man shivered in fear when he heard his laughter.

"It seems you are not ready to confess, Give him a shot and let him sleep forever" He ordered Nicholas.

"No!! Please don't! I'll confess, I swear I'll confess I'll tell you everything I know" The man said fearfully, he looked at Bryan with pure fear.

The arrogance that was in his eyes before was nowhere to be found.

"Say something useful," Bryan said impatiently.

"I'll tell you everything i know, i received a call from a man i don't know who he is but the man said i should rape and kill the woman, he transferred money into my account, $100,000" The man said truthfully.

Bryan looked at him.

The man was sacred and thought he didn't believe him, "I swear I'm not lying, you can check my bank record"

"Okay, how did the man get your number and is that the work you are specialized in?" Nicholas asked.

Bryan didn't stop him because he also wanted to ask him the same question, Nicholas knew him too well.

"I don't know how he got my number and that is my train of work but i have never seen the man before, i only heard his voice on the phone" The man said.

"Check his bank record" Bryan told Nicholas and wheeled himself out of the room.

It is a sleepless night for some people while some people are already on their bed dreaming and sleeping leisurely. Sherry was already sleeping and dreaming that she became the richest woman in the world while those who can't sleep an example is Flow.



Flow paced in her room anxiously looking at her phone every second.

Finally her phone rang.

Ring

She picked up immediately and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello, how is it? Is she dead?" Flow asked anxiously.

Feeling happy and anxious too.


"No, the guy was caught," a man 's voice said on the other side of the phone.

Flow expressions changed.

"That bitch is really lucky, did he manage to rape her?" Flow asked.

"No, she was rescued before he can do anything to her"

Damn it.

Flow cursed and threw the vase of flowers beside her on the floor.

Crash!

It made a noise.


Knock!

Someone knocked on the door.

"Baby girl, are you alright?" A woman asked from outside the room.


Flow took a deep breath and calmed down a little.

"Mom, I'm fine it was a mistake" She replied in a normal voice.

"Should I ask Anna ( The househelp) to come and clean it up?" Her mom asked.

"No I'll call her later" 

"Take care and don't get hurt"

After making sure that she had walked away, Flow said on the phone, "Will it be traced back to me?" She asked calmly.

"No, i didn't leave traces, even the bank i used to transfer the money to him was hacked by a friend" 

"Good, thank you I'll send the rest of your money but is the guy still alive ?" 

"Yes he should still be alive but he was caught already so they will kill him anyway"

"Okay" 

Flow hangs up.

The bitch is really lucky but if it doesn't work today, it doesn't mean that it will not work tomorrow or any other day.

She didn't want to do it but she refused to divorce Bryan, if she can't make her leave willingly and peacefully she would make her leave by force.




###chapter 55
After staying at the hospital for two days, Sherry was discharged because her injury was not too serious.

She stayed at home and recuperate with Bryan, because of his legs. The both of them legs gets better within five days.

Bryan can walk normally like before without the use of wheelchair. 


Sherry sat down in the room, using her skincare, it was around 7pm she was preparing to sleep since Bryan was not back from his work yet.

Ring!

Her phone rang.

She picked it up and saw that it was an unsaved number.

She doesn't pick unsaved number but she still decided to pick this.

"Hello, who is this?" 

"Hi Sherry" A girl's youthful voice was heard on the phone.

Sherry frowned when she saw that she was not familiar with the voice, "Who are you?" She asked again her voice cold.

"It is me Brittany, your classmate in Nevermore, have you forgotten about me so soon?" 


Brittany!

She already knew who it was when she told her name, they were classmate but they were never close to the point of calling each other beside she was the one who accused her of stealing her money in Nevermore.


Before she overheard Brittany and Wendy talking.

It was Wendy who instructed Brittany to frame her for stealing her money. She told people when they were bullying her and calling 'Thief' and all kinds of names but they didn't believe, she regretted not recording Wendy and Brittany's conversation then, it would have served as evidence.

"What do you want?" Sherry asked, after a moment of silence.

"Nothing much, we are still classmates even though you took my money back then" Brittany said in ridicule.

"Wrong, Wendy asked you to frame me" Sherry said, her voice becoming colder.


"You How did you know?" Brittany stammered, She then realized that she said something wrong,  "No wrong i mean, what are you trying to say?" She asked.

She was sure Sherry doesn't have evidence so she could deny it.

"Hehe, exactly what you thought" Sherry said in a mockery voice.

Brittany gritted her teeth, "Anyway, i don't know what you are talking about, i just decided to call you to ask if you are coming for the school reunion?" 

School reunion?

Is it really a school reunion? Or just a place to see how rich or how poor a person is, a place to know the people with power and the people that became wealthy.

School reunion indeed.

Brittany continued when she didn't hear a reply from Sherry, thinking that she was contemplating it. "It is tomorrow evening, if you are coming it is happening in Golden Class hotel, Tendy organized it and she is also the one paying" 


"Not interested," Sherry said and hung up.

She blocked her number immediately.

Thinking about it, The people who framed her of stealing their things, they would start talking to her six months or some months after. Sherry thought maybe they found their lost items, but why would they clarify that she was not the one who stole it but they will try to talk to her. She realized later that they never lost anything but were just following Wendy's order, what she was most confused about was why they always followed Wendy's order. She is not from a powerful background nor was her parents rich or wealthy but why would they always follow her order?. That is what is still confusing her.

Ring!


Her phone rang.

She snapped out of her thoughts and picked her phone.

It was Tara.

Sherry picked it and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello" 

"Sherry, you know the guy I told you that I'm crushing on?" Tara's voice was heard on the phone, it was filled with sadness.

"Yes," Sherry answered.

Tara told her that, that she has been crushing on a certain guy since she was young, they could be considered as childhood sweethearts. She never confessed her feelings to the guy so Sherry advised her to do so, So her feelings won't become deeper so she won't end up being hurt if the guy doesn't have feelings for her.

"I confessed to him as per your advice but i got rejected, he said he already has a girlfriend" 

"Where are you?" Sherry asked.

"I'm going to Trendy hotel and bar. I also want to get laid by a handsome hunk," Tara replied.

"I am on my way there, wait for me okay? Don't do anything rash" Sherry warned.

"Okay" Tara replied obediently.

Sherry changed her clothes, she had already put on her pajamas before so she had to put on another pair of clothes, she just wore casual clothes and walked out of the house.

She saw David in the parking lot.

"Are you going out Young Madam?" David asked immediately he saw her.

Bryan had strictly warned her not to go out alone, if she wants to go anywhere she must take a car with a driver to drive her.  Sherry didn't want to before but he insisted and she knew that he was doing it for her own good so she relented.

"Trendy bar," Sherry told him.

"Okay " David opened the backseat door for her,  Sherry got in and he closed the door gently.

He walked to the driver seat and got in.

He started the car and drove away.


They got there in fifty minutes.


Sherry got out of the car and walked into the bar, she looked around, using her eyes to search for Tara. She immediately saw her, sitting down at a corner drinking.


She looked innocent and vulnerable. Sherry approached her and sat down next to her.

"You are here," Tara said.

"Mm" Sherry hummed and poured alcohol into a glass.

She took it and started drinking it.

"Sherry, am I not beautiful enough?" Tara asked, her eyes were teary, making her look pitiful.

"Yes, you are beautiful" Sherry answered as she drank the alcohol in her glass in one gulp.

It has been awhile since she last drank alcohol, and she felt the urge to drink more.

"Then, why did he reject me?" Tara asked..

"You told me he said he has a girlfriend, so if he dates you, he will be two timing and you will be the third party, do you wish to be the third party?" Sherry asked seriously even though she was feeling tipsy.

"No" Tara shook her head.

"Then that is it," Sherry said.

"Anyway i don't care, i was keeping my virginity because of him before now i don't want to be pure anymore" Tara said.

"Are you sure you will not regret it?" Sherry asked.

"I'm an adult and I can decide for myself, how old did you lose yours?" Tara asked her.

"20 years," Sherry replied.

"I'm 22, i don't want to be an old lady with virginity, Hmph" Tara harrumphed.


David saw that they were both getting drunk so he took his phone and called a certain person.

"Hello, did anything happen?" Bryan asked.

"No but Young Madam and her friend are drunk"

"Where are you?"

"Trendy bar" 

"Okay" Bryan hung up.

Coincidentally, he was also at the same bar with Cornelius.

He stood up and walked out of one of the rooms inside the bar with Cornelius following him behind.

"Where are you going?" Cornelius asked.

They were discussing something important before he received a call, and stood up to leave.

"My wife is here," Bryan said..

Cornelius' face turns green with envy.

"Must you show off?" He asked in a jealous tone.


Bryan smile widened, "Of course, it is a pity you don't have wife and you don't know how i feel" 

"You" Cornelius almost spat blood.

Was he not the one who gave him advice?

"I will also go and look for a wife myself". Cornelius said and left before Bryan angered him to death.






###chapter 56
Bryan saw her immediately as he walked out of the room. He walked towards her at an average pace.

Sherry raised her head up when she noticed that someone was walking towards them, she saw that it was Bryan, she smiled brightly like a girl in love.

Bryan was dazed momentarily by her smile, his heart fluttered.

He walked towards her.

"You are here, hubby," Sherry said in a delighted voice.

Bryan's heart skipped a beat when he heard her voice, it sounds so seductive.

This was the third time she was willing to call him hubby on her own accord.

"Mm, I'm here to take you home," Bryan said in a deep voice.

Sherry blushed and her heart warmed.

Home.

She was always confused about home.

But she realized later that home was anywhere the person who made your heart skip a beat is.

Sherry looked at Tara worried, "Should we drop you off?" Sherry asked.

Her face was red and she was feeling dizzy, but rational.

"No, my driver is on his way, go baby. I want to be a godmother quickly" Tara said, in a slow voice.

Sherry blushed, "Nonsense we will be leaving now" 

"Go baby" Tara cheered her.

Sherry put her hand in Bryan's outstretched hand and they walked out of the club together.

David drove them home.

Sherry fell asleep inside the car, so Bryan had to carry her into the house.

He lay her down on the bed.

He was about to get up when she suddenly pulled him, he was caught off guard, so he fell on the bed. Sherry took the opportunity and flipped onto him and took the upper hand with her entire body. She was laying down on top of him.

"Sherry, don't play with fire" Bryan said, his throat was dry and his voice was hoarse.

Sherry smiled brightly ignoring him.

"Are you not feeling sore from what we did last night?" Bryan asked, worried that he would wear her out.

He went crazy last night, maybe it was because it has been weeks they did it last after his first night, they did it for hours she fainted thrice and begged him for mercy before he was finally willing to let her off.

If she wants it, he is willingly to do it with her but he just didn't want to wear her out.

She started grinding her butt against his waist as she sat there. Bryan crotch was so aroused that it took everything in him not to flip her back and have his way.

Sherry was drunk and she was just having fun and didn't know what she was doing, she finally stopped moving her butt.

She then bent down and kissed his face, nose, and neck. She kissed his tiny pink lips and teased it.


She changed her target and kissed his sensitive ear, she licked it gently.

Damn!

He was so aroused but he kept his calm and let her do whatever she wanted, watch her and he wanted to know how far she could go.

She opened his suit, and his shirt.

She kissed his Adam's apple and licked it, she started sucking it.

Bryan couldn't take it anymore and flipped her, their position changed, he was on top of her now. Bryan pinned her down.

Sherry blinked in a daze, the look in her eyes was one of intoxication. It looked seductive and foggy.

She attempted to flip back but Bryan pinned her down firmly.

Sherry couldn't flip so she grind her waist on his crotch, they were facing each other.

Bryan was so turned on that he almost stripped her naked.

He sealed his lips with hers and kissed her with full dominance and lust.

Sherry put her leg behind his back and folded it, then she started grinding her waist on his crotch more.

Bryan breaks their intense kiss and tears her clothes in one go.

He couldn't wait anymore.

Sherry looked at him in a daze, her eyes were innocent.

Bryan put his face on her neck, licking and sucking on them. Sherry moaned softly.

He moved to remove her panties.

He raised his head after removing her pants, he stared at her and saw that she had fallen asleep.

"Fuck"

Bryan cursed.

She ignited the fire in him and fell asleep without extinguishing it.

He covered her body with a blanket securely before standing up from the bed. He walked towards the bathroom to take a cold shower.




At the club.

Tara stood up and walked towards the restroom.

She finished her business in the restroom and walked out.

She met a man outside and immediately she walked out.

He had such beautiful features, his deep dark eyes piercing deep into her soul. 

The man was at least six feet tall, so he was taller than her.

He was about to walk past her when Tara stopped him.

"Hi, handsome hunk" Tara smiled brightly, a little drunk and dizzy.

The man grunted and was about to walk when Tara walked closer to him.

"Can we sleep together?" Tara asked.

Richard's mouth twitched when he heard what the woman in front of him said. Were all women so straight forward and wanted to sleep with any man in sight?

He just came back from a business trip which lasted for two months and he came to meet an important client at the club. He was on his way home when she stopped him.

"No" Richard rejected her.

Tara pouted sadly, "Why not? I won't pester you to take responsibility, you also don't like me?" Tara asked.

Richard sighed, she looked like she would cry once he says 'Yes', "No"

Tara's eyes brightened, "Does that mean you like me?" Tara said.

"Huh?" 

When did he say that?

"I"

Tara sealed her lips with his, before he finished his word.

Putting one arm around his neck, and kissed him deeply and clumsily.

This was her first kiss.

Richard wanted to push her away but his hand froze so he couldn't push her away.

Not because he can't, he just doesn't want to.

Her lips were tender and sweet.

The moment her lips touched his, Richard felt shocked by the electricity that electro his body. His heart suddenly races like crazy. 

So seductive

Richard's eyes became darker and held her tighter. Tara didn't notice his odd behavior and licked his lips gently.


Richard held her tightly and deepened the kiss, he kissed her hard. His tongue slid into her mouth fiercely filled with lust and desire.

He locked her in a wall and continued kissing her.

Coincidentally, the room Richard just met his client was opened so he carried her into the room directly.

Anyway she said she won't pester him for anything and they don't even know each other in the first place.

It will be counted as a one night stand.

He lay her down on the bed and lay on top of her, he kissed her lips wildly, like a beast starved while Tara was like a sheep waiting to be devoured.

He kissed her and removed her clothes one by one.

Tara's heart was beating fast.

Finally she would lose her virginity to a handsome hunk.

She had no regrets.

She was just feeling a little scared. She heard that it always hurt.



###chapter 57
It was late in the morning when Sherry woke up. She opened her eyes and felt like her head was about to split because it was aching. She looked up and saw Bryan looking down at her too, his eyes were full of lust and desire, he looked like an animal starved, it looked like he could swallow.

It frightened Sherry, that she tried to jump out of the bed but he didn't give her the chance and held her tightly, before flipping her he is now laying down on top of her.

"You want to escape after seducing me?" Bryan asked, his voice was hoarse and deep.

Sherry was stunned.

When did she seduce him?

"W-what?" She stuttered.

Bryan raised an eyebrow at her stunned expression "You forgot what you did last night so soon?" Bryan asked.

Sherry tried to recall what happened last night

She gasped when she remembered everything she did to him.

Looking at her expression, Bryan knew that she already remembered, "So you have to pay your debt back, Okay?" He whispered, his throat was dry at how seductive she looked early in the morning.

Sherry blushed under his intense gaze, She tried to run away from his gaze but he held her tightly and trapped her under him.

He bent down and kissed on the lips, She responded so he deepened the kiss.

He released her, "You have to take responsibility for what you started" Bryan said, his voice was hoarse.

He kissed before she could say anything, she responded to his kiss again, his desire became more intense.

Sherry felt the air being sucked out of her lungs. Bryan's hand naughtily explored her waist. He continued kissing her deeply, domineering with lust and desire.

Sherry panted as he withdrew from the intense kiss, "Why should I always take responsibility?" She pouted.

Bryan felt like pinching her chin.

She looked adorable!

His heart itches to pinch her chin.

"Well, you started it so you have to end it. If you also want me to take responsibility for you, how about I seduce you, so you can also ask me to take responsibility?" Bryan asked with his eyebrows raised.

Shameless!

If he seduces her and she asks him to take responsibility, is she not causing trouble for herself?

He wants to trick her but she won't fall for his trick.

"Hmph" She harrumphed and ignored him.

Bryan chuckled looking at her sullen expression.

He kissed her once again, he held her down and took off her pajamas, Sherry was still dazed in the kiss. His warm palm reached in and stroked her inch by inch.

Bryan lips fell on her pale and delicate neck, biting and sucking them leaving love bites there.


His large hand went straight to her back and started touching and massaging them. Sherry felt her body turned weak, she moaned softly under his torture. She melted in his embrace.

Bryan pushed his swollen manhood against her, through her panties, "Are you ready?" Bryan asked in a hoarse voice.

Sensing his throbbing desire that was rubbing against her, Sherry tried to push him away. "No I'm still sore" She lied.

Bryan laughed,, "Little liar" 

Sherry blushed in embarrassment when he said it.

Bryan snorted when he saw her red face, moving his lips against her chest, sucking in pleasure.

He removed her pants and pushed his crotch into her.

Sherry gritted her teeth, "It hurts, be gentle" 

Her passionate moaning aroused Bryan more, he took her ears between his lips, Sherry felt a sense of ecstasy.

Sherry opened her eyes and stared at his fair neck. She leaned over and licked his neck.

Her action caused him to lose control.

Bryan growled, "Little slut" 




He finally poured his content into her after a series of begging. He released her.

Sherry panted softly.

He is such a beast.

She promised not to touch alcohol anymore so she won't provoke him again and give him the opportunity to take advantage of her.

"I'll go and shower" Sherry said and tried to stand up, her body was feeling sticky because of the sweat.

"Can you walk?" Bryan teased her with a serious expression.

Sherry snorted at the hooligan, "Of course I can" She replied and tried to stand up from the bed but her leg had turned jelly and trembled when she tried to stand up.

"I asked you before" Bryan said as he bit his lips to prevent himself from laughing.

Her face flushed red in embarrassment.

Was it her fault?

It was all his fault!


Bryan stood up from the bed, he carried her into his arms and walked into the bathroom.

He put her inside the bathtub.

"Can you manage yourself?" Bryan asked.

"Of course, quickly leave" Sherry pushed him away.

"Okay fine I'll go and cook" Bryan smiled and walked out of the bathroom humming happily like a satisfied beast.


Sherry quickly showered and walked out of the bathroom. She opened her closet but she couldn't find any of her clothes.

Her closet was empty, she was confused but she couldn't go out to meet Bryan wrapped in a towel so as not to arouse the sleeping beast.

She opened his closet and took out one of his longer shirts. 

She put it on and it was long enough for her.

She walked out of the room and walked into the living room.

"Hubby" Sherry called, she felt a little embarrassed calling him that.


He was not in the living room, so she walked into the kitchen and saw him cooking with a serious expression.

Sherry stood at the door and watched him quietly.

He looked so handsome when he was serious.

"Have you seen enough?" Bryan asked her without turning back..

He already knew that she was there and he had noticed her immediately when she came but she didn't know.

"How did you know that I'm here?" Sherry asked casually and walked into the kitchen.

"Maybe because we are man and wife," Bryan said and turned around to look at her.

His eyes turned darker when he saw her in his shirt.

She looked so seductive.

His sleeping manhood which was already satisfied aroused again.

Not noticing his odd behavior, Sherry walked towards and looked at the food he cooked.

She took a bite and hummed in delight.

Bryan became more aroused when he heard her.

"Delicious!" Sherry said.

The food he cooked was so delicious, she was sure it was more delicious than a high restaurant.

Bryan suddenly hugged her from behind, he wrapped his hand around his waist,  his manhood was touching her butt directly. Sherry froze when she felt what was poking her back. She was familiar with it.

Ugh! Not again Sherry lamented in her heart.

"Sherry" He whispered into her ears, his voice was hoarse and sensual.

"No not here" Sherry tried to push him away.

"But I want to do it here," Bryan said in a spoiled voice.

"Don't you have work to do?" Sherry asked.


It was already so late but he is still at home.

"I don't have any important thing to do at the company," Bryan replied.

"The food will turn cold" Sherry came up with another excuse.

"I'll warm it back," he said.

Sherry pouted and looked at him with a pitiful face, "But I'm still feeling sore" 

Her pitiful face aroused Bryan more; he felt like he would lose control but he endured it.

"I'll be gentle" Bryan replied and kissed her, he carried her and put her on the table.

 Sherry didn't protest anymore and gave in to him.



###chapter 58
Sherry felt so tired and lay down on the bed lazily after she finished eating, she didn't even feel like moving a finger.

Then something suddenly came into her mind.

Tara.

She forgot to give Tara a call.

It was all that hooligan's fault making her forget something so important.

She looked around for her phone and saw it beside her.

She took it and dialed Tara's number.


When Tara woke up, she was alone on the huge bed, but there was still the sound of water coming from the bathroom.

She sat up against the bed, her mind was blank and her head was paining her badly.

Then, her memories rushed back.

She went pale as she remembered what happened last night.

She really slept with a guy she didn't know?

Was he an escort? 

She was still thinking about this, when the sound of water in the bathroom stopped.

Tara hopped off the bed, she put on her clothes at speed and carried her handbag.

She took out one of her cards and scribbled something inside a paper and put it on the bed, then she put the card on the paper so it wouldn't fly away.

Although it was a win to win deal, she didn't want to take advantage of the escort so she paid him for the night.

She walked out of the room.



Richard walked out of the bathroom and watched her leave without stopping her.

It was a one night stand anyway so there is no need for him to take it personal.

Besides, he was planning to marry Sherry before, but Cornelius called him when he was still away and told him 'Bad news'.

About Bryan and Sherry's marriage.

He knew her first and he fell for her first. Besides, he was the one who introduced her to Bryan when he told him about his Grandma urging him to get married.

He wanted to marry her after she finished her contract with Bryan.

He was not sure of what method Bryan used that made her agree to marry but he was sure it was not because of money. He had also offered a lot of money before just for her to marry him but she said 'no' because she doesn't want to depend on a man to live and wants to make her own money herself.

He had not seen her since the day he committed that mistake, he was afraid of facing her hatred.

She didn't even know that he was the one who told Bryan about her and that was why he approached her.

It was because of the mistake, he didn't show up in front of her so she could forgive him slowly and she would have made a huge amount of money after fulfilling her contract, then he would approach her again and propose to her again.

But who knows that Bryan would snatch her away from him completely.

Married!

Richard clenched his fist tightly.

He wants to show up in front of Sherry and asks her if Bryan forced her to marry him. If he forced her to, he would elope with her or better still he would make her escape Bryan's clutches but if she was willing he would wait for her.

No matter how long it takes.

He put on his clothes and took his wrist watch from the bed. He was about to walk out of the room when his eyes fell on a card on the bed.

He took it, confused.

He was sure it was not his card so it can only belong to the lady he spent the night with.

Maybe she forgot it.

His eyes fell on a white paper on the bed.

He picked it curiously.

The handwriting was beautiful but the words written inside were infuriating.

'Hi handsome hunk, i guess you are probably an escort so i decided to thank you for spending a night with me, that card contains three million dollars I'm sure no client has ever paid you that much because you are very bad in bed hehe no need to thank me, the pin 1234 byeee'

Richard crushed the paper in his hand feeling angry.

He is bad in bed?

That was his first time!




Tara hailed a cab to her house.

She paid the taxi and walked into the house.

She opened the door and walked into the living room watching a show on the huge television.

The house was so beautiful it looked like a palace and it was more beautiful than a palace.

Her mom, Angelina turned her head from the television and looked at Tara, "You are back? Why didn't you come home last night? Were you with my son-in-law?" Angelina asked with her brow raised.

Tara pursues her lips unhappily.

Damn!

She didn't even let her rest before asking her questions.

"Mom, there is no son-in-law anywhere" 

Angelina was stunned, "Didn't you tell me you will bring my son-in-law back today, where is he?" 

But he rejected her!

"Mom, I'm tired, I want to rest," Tara said and turned to leave

"You know we had a deal, you must bring back a husband in a month or you will marry the man i choose for you" Angelina reminded her.

"Yeah whatever" Tara yawned and walked into her room, closing her room door with a loud 'bang'

Angelina sighed when she saw her behavior and continued watching the show.

Tara lay down on the bed feeling tired, her body was sore and aching and she didn't feel like standing up.

She was feeling a little angry when her mom reminded her of the reason why she drank in the first place.

She thought all parents will be reluctant and couldn't bear for their children to marry, why is it different in her own case. Her parents couldn't wait to marry her off.

They have always been urging her to get married and have grandchildren but she was not ready yet.

They tried to engage with a guy she doesn't know or like, so she promised them that she would bring the person she liked home that they should give her two months but they insisted that they could only give her a month.

She went ahead and confessed to her crush, but got rejected in the end.

She was sad but not that sad so she went to drink with Sherry and lost her virginity to a male escort.

Her parents always looked at with an odd look whenever she said she doesn't like any man, the way they looked at her is always weird and it is freaking her out. They changed methods and started urging her to get married and have children.

She suddenly felt that being an only child is not a good thing, if she had an elder brother or sister now she won't be facing her parents' urges but her siblings will be the one too.

They also asked her to inherit the company, fortunately she was still in university so she usually used that as an excuse, she was not sure how long the excuse would go because she would graduate soon right.

She just wants to sleep, eat and do nothing all day. She feels that having siblings is better once more, especially a male sibling who will be the one facing her parents nagging not her but she is not lucky enough.



Her phone suddenly rang.

Ring!

She took it out from her bag.

It was Sherry.



###chapter 59
"Hello Baby girl" Tara said once she answered the phone.

"Are you okay?" 

"I'm fine, you just think about calling me, so unfair Hoes before bros I also want to have a boyfriend, sigh" Tara lamented.

"I'm sorry" Sherry apologized, even though she apologized her voice was sarcastic, "You can't understand since you are single" Sherry teased her.

"So unfair to single people, my heart just broke but i made an improvement at least i am not a virgin anymore" 

Sherry sat up immediately when she heard this,  "You really did it yesterday?" She asked in disbelief, she thought she was just joking last night but she actually did it?

"Yeah with a male escort so and i paid him too" Tara said in a nonchalant voice.

"Wow, you are so courageous" Sherry praised her sincerely.

"Let's change topic, when are you resuming school? You took a week leave but you used two weeks or more at home"

"I will resume next week, i was busy with personal things both this week and last week" Sherry replied.

She never told Tara that she got married to Bryan legally nor did she tell her everything that happened about Bryan's accident. She was already used to keeping things to herself so she didn't tell her anything.

"Okay let's talk later, my body is aching" Tara said.

Sherry bid her goodbye and hang up.

Sherry yawned and lay down on the bed to sleep.

She fell asleep in no time.




The next morning..

Sherry groaned from her sleep because of the bright sunlight that was coming from the window and was hitting her face. She couldn't sleep anymore even if she wants to because of the sunlight, she yawned and tried to stretch her arms but she couldn't.

She frowned and opened her eyes in a daze and saw Bryan who was hugging her. He was still asleep because his eyes were closed.


Sherry's lips curled up at the amazing view of him. His hair was messy but he still looked cute and seductive.

He looked so sexy even while sleeping.

How can he look so sexy while sleeping.

So unfair to average looking people like her.

She felt like he was trying to seduce her, she tried to wriggled to get out of his embrace but he pulled her closer and hugged her tightly.

He grunted in his sleep and opened his eyes. "How was your sleep?" He asked in his raspy voice.

Sherry yawned, "Good" 

He looked at her body, "What about your body?" He asked.

Sherry thought he was concerned about her body so she reassured him, "I'm fine" 

Then he flipped and lay down on top of her. Sherry eyes widened in shock, "W-what are you trying to do?" She stuttered.

Please not again! She bemoaned.

She didn't seduce him or something right.

Bryan smiled widened when he saw her shock state, "Your body is fine? Then you should be able to do one round, Mm?" He asked.

Sherry put on a pained expression, "No my body is still sore" 

Bryan smiled, "Fine I'll let you off today" He said.

He was trying to tease her before he also knew that her body couldn't take so much, he rolled back to his side to avoid himself from loosing control.

Sherry flee into the bathroom once he released her.

Bryan chuckled when he saw how fast she ran.

Sherry took a shower and walked out of the bathroom, Bryan was not inside the room when she came out.

She opened her closet and saw that some of her clothes were there, it was neatly washed and even ironed.

Wow.

Sherry was surprised.

She forgot to ask him yesterday about where her clothes was.

She took a pair of jeans and a white shirt and walked out of the room..

She walked into the living room and saw him putting food in the dining room.


The aroma of the food made her hungry, she was not feeling hungry before but she suddenly felt hungry.


She was always too lazy to cook so she would rather order takeout or go and eat in a restaurant, even her clothes she always wash them on a washing machine.


Her life now was so nice.

She wished it could go on like this.

But she doubt it, her life was never smooth sailing.

Bryan turned around and saw Sherry looking in a daze, "What are you doing standing there?" Bryan asked.

Sherry snapped out of her daze and smiled at him.

"Smells delicious" She said and hopped towards the dining room. She couldn't wait to eat the food.


Bryan sat down opposite her, they started eating.

They finished eating in forty minutes.

Sherry then remembered something.

"Uhm Where are my clothes?" She asked.

"I washed them, they were dirty" Bryan answered nonchalantly.

Sherry opened her mouth in shock.

H-he washed them?

Has he ever done that before?

She didn't know that he could even cook until yesterday, she thought he was used to being served not the other way round, right?

"Why do you look surprised?" Bryan asked in a calm voice.

"Y-you can wash clothes? L-like w-ith ha-nd?" Sherry stuttered 

If she tell this to someone they would probably never believed her, a whole CEO of a company is washing clothes for her.

She thought that men always have this mentality about women are for the kitchen, it is their responsibility to take care of the house, wash clothes and prepare dishes etc that their responsibility is just to make money for them. But Bryan opened her eyes that some men could do anything as far as they loved the woman.

"Of course, i usually do this when i was in school, there was no one to serve me i do things myself" Bryan shrugged.

"Oh" Sherry muttered.

She would never leave this man, as far he doesn't do anything bad or cheat on her, she doesn't like sharing her man so he could only be hers.

"I'll go shopping today" Sherry said.

"Okay, I'll follow you" Bryan said.

"Won't you feel bored?" Sherry asked him with her brow raised.

A man has never accompanied her to shop before, this will be the first time.

"Nope, as far as you are with me, i won't feel bored" Bryan said.

Sherry blushed and felt a little delighted when she heard this.


"Okay let's go" Bryan said and they walked out of the living room together.

He opened the car door for her and closed the car gently.

The more he treated her like a princess the more scared she became. 

She wondered how long it would last?

Bryan opened the car door and sat down next to her.

He started the car and drove out of the house.

Bryan turned on the music.



A song started playing out.

It was the song she composed when she was still in love and naive.

She composed the song when she was framed and sang it to Jackson.

The title is NEED YOU

What they are saying doesn't matter

Don't listen to them, we don't need rumors.

I know you need me but I need you more.

My lover!

Anytime you call me baby, you know that it makes me lose control.

I want to love you like I have never loved before.

My lover.

Love me while you can 

Because there is no time

Because there is no time.

It only happens once in life.

Love me while you can o 

There is no time

There is no time.

I want to love you like I have never loved before.

My lover!

I need you 

We are like two sides of a coin o

Coin o

Aye!

We made love more than memories.

But in my song you are my melody.

You only can be there for me.

I need you now more than ever.


The second song is LIKE I DO.

Loving you day by day.

If I ever leave you, I'll run back to you.

Baby I'm going nowhere.

Your love is true 

I know you will always be there.

I'm coming for you baby I'm going nowhere

Your love is true 

I know you will always be there.

No one can love you, (Like i do)

Baby, no one can love youuu ( like i do)

Boo, you are the one who will always be there for me.




###chapter 60
Sherry was shocked when she heard her song playing out.

"You.. How did you find this?" She stuttered.

Bryan grinned, "I saw it coincidentally when I was washing your clothes, I was curious about what it was so I took it. I love it when i listened to the music, Thank you I'll cherish it" 

Sherry was stunned.

Did he think I composed the music for him?

She didn't say anything and let him continue misunderstanding.


That is right!

Jackson didn't cherish so someone else will.

"I'm glad you like it" Sherry gave him a bright smile.

Bryan stopped the car shortly.

Sherry looked out of the window and realized that they were parking at a shopping mall.

She was about to open the door and got down when he stopped her.

"Wait" 

Sherry turned around and looked at him, confused. He got down and turned around to her door.

He opened the door for her.

'Oh' Sherry muttered under her breath.

They walked into the mall hand in hand.

The salesperson walked over very quickly, "Good day sir/ Miss, Welcome to our mall. What types of clothes do you wish to buy? Do you have any design in mind?" The salesperson asked enthusiastically.

Sherry shook her head, "I'll look around" She replied.

"Okay" The salesperson nodded and made way for them.


They walked into the mall with the salesperson following them behind.

"This is a new arrival at our store. I'm sure it would look splendid on you" The salesperson pointed at a gown.

Sherry looked at the gown, she looked at it immediately she saw it. She checked the price tag and quickly canceled it from her mind.

The price is too much.

A stingy person like her can't afford it, even if she can afford it she doesn't want to buy it. She would rather use the money to invest in stock and make profit.

The salesperson saw that Sherry liked it so she asked, "Should I wrap it up?" 

Sherry shook her head, "No i don't like it" 

Bryan also saw that she liked it, "Take it down, let her wear it," Bryan said.

The salesperson was elated, "Yes" She quickly took out the gown.

Sherry was reluctant and held his hand, "But i don't like it" She pursed her lips.

The salesperson handed the gown to Sherry and held her to the changing room before she could decline.

Sherry could only helplessly change into the gown.

She walked out of the changing room after she was done.

The salesperson and Bryan were shocked when she walked out of the changing room, she looked like an angel with the white gown.

"You look so beautiful," The salesperson said sincerely.

"Wrap it up," Bryan said immediately.

Sherry held Bryan's hand and looked at him with pleading gaze, she said in a low tone, "The gown is too expensive"

"But you like it" Bryan said and looked the way she looked.

"That doesn't mean you should waste money to buy it," Sherry said.

She can't spend money the way Bryan did, she is poor to begin with. She only has a few billionaires in her cards.

"What? You don't want to spend my money?" Bryan raised an eyebrow at her pitiful expression, he continued, "All my money is for you"


"So can I spend it any way I like?" Sherry asked.

"Yes!" Bryan said.

Sherry felt her heart ache with the money he was about to pay for the gown, she doesn't understand how the rich thinks, she knew it was not easy to earn money because she started working at the age of 15 sometimes when student are in school, she will go to her workplace to raise money and pay her school fees.


It is not easy to earn money but Bryan made it look like it was the easiest thing to do.

Sherry pursed her lips, she didn't say anything anymore.

"The gown is enough, let's go," Sherry said.

She doesn't want him to waste more money buying clothes or shoes for her.

"No let's go" Bryan held her hand and led her to another section which was where the bags were being displayed.

Sherry's eyes lit up when she saw a bag, she looked at the price tag and quickly stopped looking at it so Bryan wouldn't notice that she liked it.

Why are things in this mall so expensive?

She was sure that if she was alone she wouldn't buy anything from this mall. It is so expensive.

"Do you see anything you like?" Bryan asked.

Sherry quickly shook her head.

Bryan raised an eyebrow and called the salesperson.

The salesperson quickly approached them.

"Wrap all the bags for me," Bryan said.

Sherry gasped and looked at him shocked, "Why? Do you want to give it to someone?"

Bryan chuckled, "No they belong to you" 

"But I don't like them," Sherry retorted.

"Choose the one you like or I'm buying everything" Bryan said with a smile.

"You" Sherry looked at him in a daze.

Bryan turned towards the salesperson and said "Wrap everything"

"Damn! Wait I'll choose the one i like" Sherry surrendered and chose the first bag she liked.

"That is all?" Bryan raised an eyebrow.

He thought they said women loved shopping a lot.

"Yes," Sherry nodded and looked at him.

"Are you sure?" He narrowed his eyes.

"Yes!" Sherry nodded again.

Damn! Her heart was already aching with the money he just wasted on a bag and gown.

She was sure that if she went to another store, she would see a gown or bag more beautiful than this and the price would be lesser too.

Bryan nodded and held her hand.

The salesperson quickly wrapped the gown and bag, she stretched her hand to give it to Sherry but Bryan collected it before Sherry could take it.

He took out his card and handed it to the salesperson.

The salesperson quickly swiped the card and gave it to him.

"Patronize us again," The salesperson said, her voice sounding happy.

'Never' Sherry thought.



###chapter 61

The next day__

Sherry woke up early the next day, feeling energetic. Bryan decided to let her rest so they didn't have sex.

She looked around the room but no one was inside the room, she thought he was in the kitchen cooking as usual. She stood up and walked into the bathroom to take a shower, she put on some clothes and carried her bag. She is going to school today, the school exam is three days from now and she will finally graduate.

She walked out of the room and walked into the living room.

"Bryan?" She called.

But no reply.

She walked into the kitchen but no one was there.

So she went to the dining room, she saw a food flask on the table.

She opened it and it contained food. The aroma of the food made her mouth dry.

She looked beside the food and saw a paper, she took it and opened it.

'Babe, i went to the company so i made some food for you before going make sure you eat it while it is hot.


'Your hubby'

Sherry blushed at the last sentence 'hubby'
 

She sat down and started eating, the food was so delicious that she wished it never ended.

She finished eating within twenty minutes, She stood up and drank some water before walking out of the living room.

"Good morning Young Madam" David said immediately he saw her coming out.

"Good morning, David," Sherry smiled.

He opened the car door for her and closed it once she got in. He turned around and opened the driver seat, he got in too.

He drove out of the house.

They got to her school within forty five minutes, there was no traffic on the way.


Sherry asked him to stop at the school gate and got out of the car. 

"Just come back later to pick me up," Sherry told him.

David nodded, "Okay Young Madam" 

Sherry smiled and walked into the school.

She sighed and walked into her class, Tara was waving at her immediately she walked into the class so she could see where she sat down.

Sherry smiled and walked towards.


 "You are finally here," Tara smiled.

"Mm, when did you come?" Sherry asked.

"An hour ago" Tara said in a nonchalant tone.

Sherry nodded and sat down next to her.

Tara turned around and looked at her coincidentally her eyes met the love bite on her neck.

She narrowed her eyes, "Are you hiding something from me?" Tara asked.

"Huh? What do you mean?" Sherry asked and looked at her, she followed her gaze and saw the love bite on her neck.

She was shocked, she didn't even know when he did it, the love bite looked fresh so she was sure he did it today.

"I" Sherry started but she stopped talking when the lecturer walked into the class.

"I'll tell you later," Sherry whispered to her.

"Fine" Tara had a sullen look on her face.

Sherry felt guilty when she saw the sullen look on her face but she quickly focused on the class.

The class lasted for an hour before the lecturer walked out of the class.

"Okay, I'm all ears" Tara said and continued with a sad face, "I can't believe you hid something from me while i tell you everything about me, even the night i lost my first time with a male escort i told you everything, am i really your friend, Sherry?" Tara asked.

She hated the fact that she hid something from her, when she told her everything except her identity as an heiress. But she told everything going on in her life, because she already saw her as her friend, someone close to her.

Sherry pursed her lips, feeling  bad when she saw her sad face, "I'm sorry, I'm used to keeping it to myself that is why, i won't do that anymore" Sherry looked at her with a pitiful face.

Tara's heart melted when she saw her pitiful face and forgave her but she acted like she was still mad at her, "Quickly spill it, did you guys finally do it?" Tara asked.

"Actually, we got married last week," Sherry told her.

Tara froze, she looked at her in shock, "For real?" She asked with surprise in her face.

Sherry nodded.

"Wow I'm so happy for you" Tara said in a sincere tone, her expression was also sincere.

Sherry nodded.

What she just doesn't understand is why she agreed to marry him. She was sure it was not because of taking responsibility or anything. She just decided to enjoy it while it lasted because feelings changed, he might be head over heels for her now but what about in future?

She doesn't believe in such words of finality because people's feelings change. Life was unpredictable. However, she still agreed to marry just till when it lasted.

She is ready for divorce anytime because he can ask for divorce anytime. She doesn't know why he wants to marry.

She doesn't believe that he really loves her or fancy her.


Love is already dead and it already ceased to exist, that is her belief.

She was also not sure of the feelings she had for him yet. She cared about him and would like to spend more time with him besides she doesn't hate his kisses or touches.

As for her marriage with him, she would just keep looking to see the result.

Ring!

Her phone rang.

She took it out from her bag.

It was Old Madam, his Grandma.

She picked it and put it on his ear.

"Hello Grandma"

"Sherry, how are you doing?" Grandma's old voice was heard on the phone.

"I'm fine, Grandma," Sherry replied.

She already treated his Grandma as hers too because of the affection she showed her.

"Where are you?" Grandma asked.

"I'm in school, but I'm leaving now, why?" Sherry asked..

"I made some healthy soup for you and Bryan but he should be at his office, can you go and give it to him at the office??" Grandma asked..

"Sure Grandma I will," Sherry replied.


"Great!! I'll ask your Aunt Gladys to deliver it to your school" Grandma said, her tone sounded elated.

"Okay, Grandma," Sherry nodded.


"Good!" Grandma said and hung up.

Sherry sighed.

"Where are you going?" Tara asked with an eyebrow raised.

"I am going to his company," Sherry replied.

"Wow, after getting married you don't want to separate from each other even for a minute" Tara said with a jealous tone.

She was not jealous, she was just pretending to be.

"Yeah, I can't be too. How do you feel?" Sherry said with a smile.

Tara looked at her with a hurt expression, "You are so unfair to single people" Tara said.

"If you are jealous, go and get married too" Sherry said with a cheeky smile.

"Sherry, what about your promise of being single together, You went back on your words" Tara raised an eyebrow.


"Really? Did I say that? Why can't I remember?" Sherry asked, pretending not to remember what she is talking about and continued, "I think i have selective amnesia"


"Hmph, you went back on your words and pretended to have selective amnesia,  despicable!" Tara said and added, "I'll call my lawyer and sue you to court" 


Sherry laughed freely, she felt so happy.

So this is how it is when you have amazing friends.

Tara looked at her in a daze, she snapped out of her daze and exclaimed, "Laugh more you look so beautiful when you laugh" 

Sherry was about to reply when her phone rang.


It was Aunty Gladys.

She knew that she was outside her school gate so she didn't pick it.

She stood up from her seat, "I'm leaving first" 

Tara nodded, "Go meet your husband, Hmph. I'm not your friend anymore" Tara said and looked away.

Sherry smiled and knew that she was just kidding, so she walked out of the class.

She saw David outside the school gate, with Aunty Gladys waiting for her.



###chapter 62
"Young Madam" Aunty Gladys smiled at her and handed her the bag in her hand.

"Good afternoon Aunty Gladys, sorry to bother you" She smiled and accepted the bag in her hand.

"It is no bother" Aunty Gladys smiled and left.

David opened the car door for her, she got into the car.

He started the car and drove away.

They got to Bryan's company very soon.

David parked the car in the carpark.

Sherry raised her head and looked at David, "Uhm Do you have Secretary Clinton's number ?" She asked..


David nodded,, "Yes"

"Okay, call him and tell him that I'm here. Tell him it is a surprise so he should not tell Bryan that I'm here" Sherry instructed.

This was the first time she came here. She couldn't possibly go and tell the receptionist that she is Bryan's wife, she would probably think she is mentally ill, so the better option is to ask Clinton to come and lead her in.

David nodded and did as he was told.

Clinton appeared twenty minutes after he received David's call.

Sherry walked out of the car and Clinton approached her..

"Young Madam" He bowed respectfully.

Sherry nodded and asked, "Where is Bryan?" 

"Boss is having an important meeting, will you wait for him or should I tell him that you are here?" Clinton asked respectfully.

"No, don't tell him since the meeting is important, I'll wait for him," Sherry said.

Clinton nodded.

They walked into the elevator together.

Sherry walked into his office and sat down on his desk.


.

Meeting room

Everyone wiped cold sweat from their forehead.

Some people are standing while the majority are sitting down.

"I just took a two day leave and you guys can't even keep the company without me? Look at the damn project you did" Bryan threw three files in front of him to the floor.


The people on their feet trembled and lowered their heads. While the people sitting also lowered their heads, they didn't dare to raise it so it wouldn't be their turn to face the devil's anger.


One of the man standing, raised his head and looked at Bryan he looked formidable, intimidating and so cold, just like the devil, he shivered when his eyes met Bryan's cold eyes, "I-it was a-an e-rror"  He stuttered he couldn't speak normally.

"An error? Then what are you being paid for?" Bryan snarled at the poor boy.

The boy shivered when he saw his furious expression, he lowered his head and didn't dare to look at him again.

The boss always looks so frightening. The female employees admire his handsome face yet they are afraid of him, especially his temper.

The female employees who were bold and tried to seduce him were immediately fired and blacklisted; someone was unable to find a job.

Clinton walked into the meeting room which was hot and terrifying. 

Damn!

He wished he could quit his job as Bryan's secretary but the offer is amazing which no one company could offer him.

Clinton walked towards Bryan and whispered something into his ears.

Bryan's lips unconsciously curled up in a smile.

The employee was shocked to see the smile on his face. They looked at him with their mouths open and couldn't close. 

Is this their terrifying Boss?

Does he know how to smile? 

Is there a happy occasion?

Maybe it is good news that the secretary brought.

They looked at Clinton, feeling grateful because the meeting room was less terrifying now.

Clinton smiled awkwardly.

They should not thank him, it is Young Madam who saved them.

"Dismissed!" Bryan ordered before standing up and leaving the conference room.

Everyone inside stood up and remained bowing until the sound of their boss footsteps gradually vanished. When they were certain that their boss was gone, they released the breaths they were holding. They heaved a sigh of relief.

The employees walked towards Clinton immediately the devil walked out of the room.

"Mr Clinton, did something good happen?" One of the employees asked.

They surrounded him to fish for information.

Clinton cleared his throat and replied, "Go and quickly readjust the project, before the next meeting room, so Boss won't get angry at you. No one would save you next time" 

Clinton walked out of the conference room after saying his pieces.


Bryan walked into his office and saw the figure he was expecting to see inside his office, sitting on his seat.

He walked towards her in a silent step, Sherry didn't even notice that someone entered the office, she was engrossed in the novel she was reading.

Bryan smirked when he saw that she was engrossed in the book she was reading, he put his hand on her shoulder, startling her.

Sherry looked up in shock, "You.. When did you get here? Can't you make a sound when you are walking?" Sherry asked angrily.

His lips curled up.

"I didn't ask you to be so engrossed in what you are reading" Bryan said with a shrug, he looked at her with his most innocent face and sat down in front of her.

Sherry was speechless.

She ignored him and took out the bowl from the bag Aunty Gladys gave her.

She put the bowl in front of him. "Grandma asked me to deliver this" She said and put a spoon inside the bowl.

"Let's eat it together," Bryan said.

They started eating it together because the spoon was two anyway.

They finished eating within twenty minutes.

Sherry stood up from her seat and took the bowl away. She cleaned it and put the bowl inside the bag.

Bryan held her and pulled her to sit down on his lap.

"The door is open and this is your office, have self awareness" Sherry whispered.

Bryan looked at her with an innocent face, "I just want you to sit down on my lap and nothing else. What are you thinking about?" 

Sherry was speechless.

It is not what she is thinking?

It is true tho, he didn't touch her or do anything else except making her sit down on his lap, why would she think about it?

It was all his fault!

He corrupted her mind.

He wrapped his arms around her, he looked at her with a meaningful gaze, "Besides who says we can't do it, there's another bedroom in my office" 

Sherry was speechless again.

Was he not indirectly calling her dirty minded before?

Now what is he doing?

It is because she knew him so well that was why she said that.

Before she could say a word, he captured her cherry like red lips and started sucking on them. He placed a hand behind her head, pushing her head towards him, deepening the kiss.

She also wrapped her hands around his neck and kissed him back with the same passion.

His hand moved downwards and started caressing her smooth legs.

The black short gown that she was wearing, revealing her smooth thighs. His hand moved up, caressing her inner thighs making her gasp in his mouth.

She moaned against his lips, "We are still in the office" She said and tried to stop him.

He broke the kiss and carried her in his arms, he walked towards the bedroom inside his office. He opened the door and lay her down on the bed.

"No one can come here" He said in his hoarse sexy voice.




###chapter 63
He lay her down on the bed, before slamming his mouth on hers once again. Sherry responded to him.

He kissed her till she turned breathless, he released her so she could catch her breath.

Sherry suddenly felt something sticky in her thigh, she pushed Bryan away and ran into the bathroom inside the room.


She opened her skirt and saw that her monthly visitor was here again.

She opened the bathroom door, put her head outside with her body still inside the bathroom.

Bryan looked at her dumbfounded.

Sherry looked at him feeling awkward, she has never mentioned anything about her monthly flow to a guy before, "Uhm My monthly visitor is here, so uhm.. Can you help me get that?" Sherry stuttered and couldn't look at him in the face.

Bryan was confused.

Monthly visitor?

What is that?

He raised an eyebrow and asked, "What monthly visitor?" He asked.

Sherry bit her lips.

How was she expecting him to understand the meaning of monthly visitor, he was a guy for heck sake, Sherry' She yelled in her head.

She looked down and said with a blush, "My monthly flow is here, so can you help me get that?" She asked in a tiny voice.

It took Bryan ten seconds to get what she was trying to say.

He nodded, "Okay I'll ask Clinton to get it?" He asked.

He doesn't want her to get the wrong idea, he can go and get it himself if she wants him to.

Sherry nodded, "That is fine, thank you" she closed the bathroom door after saying this.

Bryan took out his phone from his pocket and called Clinton instantly.

Sherry felt her stomach hurting, she is having menstrual cramps as usual.

Even though she always has it every month, she is still not used to the pain.

She bit her lips to stop herself from groaning in pain, so Bryan won't be worried.

She couldn't endure the pain and moaned in pain lightly but Bryan heard her.

"Are you alright Sherry?" Bryan asked, outside the bathroom.

Sherry tried to speak normally so he wouldn't notice anything, "I'm fine, i" she didn't finish her words before she blacked out and fell.

The noise was heard by Bryan who was waiting for her outside. He opened the bathroom door immediately without speaking, he was shocked to see Sherry lying on the floor unconscious. He walked into the bathroom and squatted down, "Sherry?" He called.

No reply.

Her body most especially her forehead was covered with sweat.

Isn't it just menstruation?

Why did she fall unconscious?

Bryan quickly took Sherry in his arms and took her to the hospital.



In the emergency room.

The doctor walked out of the emergency, Bryan was pacing to and from outside the emergency room, he quickly approached the door once he came out.

"How is she?" Bryan asked instantly.

"What is your relationship to the patient?" The doctor asked.

"I'm her husband," Bryan replied.


"She is fine, it seems she liked eating too much of cold foods and all sorts of sweet things which caused this, why can't you be careful and you are her husband?" The doctor asked.

Bryan bit his lower lips and didn't reply to him.

She doesn't eat cold foods in front of him or he has never seen her eating cold or sweet things before but he didn't tell the doctor this.

The doctor shook his head, wrote a prescription and said nagging, "Monitor her so she would stop eating cold foods or sweet things, it is bad for her health and she would have difficulties of getting pregnant if care is not taken" 

Bryan nodded.

The doctor handed him the prescription he wrote.

"Buy this drugs for her, make sure she use it regularly so she would become healthy and her cramps would also not be like this and she is still unconscious now, you can call the nurse to change her clothes" 

Bryan accepted it and went to get everything inside the prescription.

He also bought tampons, clothes since the one she wore is stained with blood and new panties.

He walked into the ward Sherry was in, she was still unconscious as the doctor said.

He carried her in his arms and walked into the bathroom.

He could easily ask a nurse to do it but he wants to do it himself.

He changed her clothes and everything, he walked out of the bathroom and lay her down on the bed.

He sat down beside the bed waiting for her to wake up.

She opened her eyes thirty minutes later.

She looked around and saw that she was at the hospital.

Why does she always end up in the hospital these days?

Damn she has never been to the hospital before because of her phobia for medicine and drips but it was when she met Bryan, she has visited the hospital four times now.

She was afraid of going to hospital and she was scared of those nurses and doctors, so even when she was very sick she would put a blanket on her head and lay down there till she got better.

They can't even afford money to eat so how would they afford the hospital bills, Whenever she was sick before when her family was still together, her parents would always buy drugs for her, she would pretend like she had take it but she would put it under the couch, she was caught one day that day her mom wants to clean the whole house, so she opened the whole couch to sweep the sands under the couch, then boom they would see different types and sizes of drugs under the couch.

They knew She was the one immediately because Nancy loves taking medicine or drips. She even loves injections.

She always looks at her with disgust.

Tch! She doesn't understand why she would always be happy that she wants to take drugs.

After seeing that she always hid the drugs under the couch, they would always monitor her whenever she was taking drugs, so she decided to start flushing it in the sink.

So everytime after taking drugs, she would always go to the bathroom to flush it away and she has never been caught. Before her dad ran away with their savings with his mistress.

Then, after he ran away. He didn't want us to have a place to stay, so he called the owner of the house and told him that he already left the house with his belongings and it remained her mom and two children and he was not sure that her mom has any money to pay for the house so he should send us out.

Sometimes she always wondered if he was her real father, because no father would ever do that.

They roamed about three years with no house to stay. Her mom's friends also left her when she encountered a problem.

The reason she believed that everyone is a hypocrite was based on her experience.



###chapter 64
Sometimes she always wondered if he was her real father, because no father would ever do that.

They roamed about three years with no house to stay. Her mom's friends also left her when she encountered a problem.

The reason she believed that everyone is a hypocrite was based on her experience.




They had to seek refuge in some places, till her mom gathered enough money and leased a house.

After leasing a house, she started traveling for weeks, sometimes months, so she basically grew up alone.

And no one was there to monitor her or care for her when she was sick.

The love she didn't get from her parents, that was what made her fall for those jerks she fell for before.

"What are you thinking?" Bryan asked.

She has been looking at the hospital ceiling since she opened her eyes, deep in thought.

He had called her more than five times but she didn't respond.

Sherry snapped out of her thought and stared at him, "Why are we at the hospital again?" She asked with a displeased expression.

Bryan raised an eyebrow at her displeased expression, "You don't remember anything? You passed out in the bathroom scaring the shit out of me, now you are blaming me for bringing you to the hospital?" 

"Then you should have" Sherry stopped talking once she saw his expression.

She wanted to tell him that he should have left her and that she would wake up herself no need to bring her here.

Bryan raised an eyebrow for her to continue her words, but Sherry put a hand on her mouth and didn't say anything further.

"Time to use your medicine, the doctor said you should use it once you wake up" Bryan said and brought out some of the drugs he bought at the pharmacy.

Sherry's expression froze.

She thought it had all ended but she still had to take drugs?!!

No way!

"Ahem I have not woken up yet, I'm still feeling sleepy" She said with a yawn and acted like she was feeling sleepy.

"Sure, you will take it once you wake up" Bryan said with an amused smile.

Sherry action froze.

She looked at Bryan with a pitiful face, "I think I'm feeling okay now, so there is no need for me to take it besides I'm not feeling any pain in my stomach" Sherry lied without batting an eye.

Her stomach was starting to hurt but she doesn't want to take drugs.

What should she do?

"No you have to take it, it is for your good. The doctor asked you to take it. You took a lot of cold foods and sweet things right?" Bryan asked.

Sherry raised her head and looked at him in shock.

H-how did he know?

She never told anyone that!

"H-how d-did you know?" She asked in an agitated voice.

Bryan was shocked when her voice turned agitated, He raised an eyebrow. "The doctor told me"

He didn't read all the information about her in the investigation Cornelius did, because he wanted her to tell him herself.

Sherry calmed down after hearing his answer.

That is right!

The doctor would find out.

So he didn't find out the silly things she did when she was young.

Her heart calmed down.

"Oh" She muttered and nodded.

He stretched his hand and handed her the medicine in his hand. Sherry took it and smelled it, she turned her face away in disgust. 

Bryan was amused when he saw her disgusted expression but he acted like he didn't notice it.

He poured her water into the glass and handed it to her.

"What are the names of these drugs?" Sherry asked as she accepted the water.

She was looking for ways to dispose of it without him noticing her movement so she tried to engage him in a conversation to distract him. Hopefully she hoped her plan would work.

"Ibuprofen (Advil, Motrin IB, others) or naproxen sodium (Aleve), at regular doses starting the day before you expect your period to begin can help control the pain of cramps. Prescription nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs also are there and you can also use them when you are on your period, so quickly use it" Bryan said not understanding her what she is trying to do.


Sherry's eyes widened in shock, "So many drugs? Did the doctor want me to die?" Sherry asked.

She was sure she would die before she finished using the drugs. 

There are so many drugs!

She now understands why they are so much in her hand.

She counted them and it was five drugs in total.

5 drugs!

Damn she had never used so much drugs like this before.

Bryan raised an eyebrow at her expression, "It is good for your health so it won't kill you" 

Sherry shook her head, "No no"

He doesn't understand her at all.

The drugs are too much.

And she doesn't know how she can dispose of all of them without arousing his suspicions.

"What?" Bryan asked.

"Damn! Who the heck prescribed these drugs to you?" Sherry asked in a frustrated tone.

The person is obviously after her life!

This was the reason why she hates doctors!!

"Quickly use it, or do you want me to feed you?" Bryan said with threat in his voice.

Sherry shook her head, "No No I'll take it myself" Sherry forced out a smile.

Bryan smiled, "Good girl quickly take it" He said and watched intently.

He could understand that she hates drugs from the way she was acting since and the other day at the hospital too she was reluctant to take it that day also he had to force it before she finally took it.

Sherry sighed at her bad luck. He was watching her carefully now so she doesn't have ways to dispose of the drugs.

She held her breath and put the drugs in her mouth. She quickly drank a lot of water so the bitterness in her mouth would wash away.

"I have taken it" She looked at him. She looked like he just finished bullying her.

If people saw her they would think he was really bullying her but she was the one who was reluctant to take medicine.

"Good girl, you will take it tomorrow too" Bryan said with an amused expression.

Sherry's heart sank.

She will take it tomorrow also!!

Damn!

This is bad!

She thought she just had to take it today and that is all who knows that she will have to take it again tomorrow.

Her expression turned sullen.

She suddenly had an idea.

If she flush all the drugs with water she would not have to take it right?

She is so brilliant!

Sherry smiled at herself, her expression showed her happiness.

Bryan raised an eyebrow, one minute she was feeling sullen the next moment she was feeling happy.

What is she planning this time?

"Fine I'll take it since it is good for my health" Sherry said and feeling giddy.

She couldn't wait to dispose of the medicine.

Bryan was shocked when she said this.

She was reluctant to take the medicine just now but she agreed readily to take it tomorrow?

He doesn't believe that!

She must be planning something.

Sherry looked at her body and saw that the clothes she was wearing was different from the one she wore today.

"Where are my clothes?" She raised her head and looked at him in shock.

Bryan replied, "I have washed them"

###chapter 65
She must be planning something.

Sherry looked at her body and saw that the clothes she was wearing was different from the one she wore today.

"Where are my clothes?" She raised her head and looked at him in shock.

Bryan replied, "I have washed them"

Sherry was stunned, "Yo-u washthem?" She stammered.

Bryan nodded and looked like it was not a big deal, but it was a big deal for her.

No one has ever washed her clothes before, she was also sure that the clothes will be stained red because of her monthly visitor but he actually washed them without feeling repulsed?

Even though she herself always feels repulsed whenever her clothes are stained, she would rather throw them away than wash them.

The reason why she fell for Jackson in high school was because the first time her period came, she didn't know that she was having her period.

That was the first time she ever had it so she didn't notice anything amiss. She went to Wendy's class to ask her for something and she was sure Wendy saw that her skirt was stained but she didn't tell her. It was Jackson who told her and removed his hoodie, he wrapped it around her waist. She was shocked when he didn't care whether his hoodie would also stain with blood but she was elated and admired him.

He was the cool, gentle and handsome man in her mind then. When she confronted Wendy about it, she admitted that she saw it but she thought Sherry knew about it and maybe she wanted to go and change it. Her explanation was flawless, it is okay to be ignorant or something. 

She blinked her eyes rapidly to prevent her tears from falling. After regaining her control she looked at him like it was not a big deal too since he didn't see it as a big deal.

"Thank you" She whispered in a low tone.

Bryan nodded and stood up, he walked towards her, "Time to go home" He announced.

"But I have not used the tampon yet," Sherry replied.

She would feel uncomfortable if she didn't use a tampon. 

"It has been changed already," Bryan replied.

"By the nurse" Sherry asked casually, not really expecting an answer.

"No, I changed it," Bryan replied with a nonchalant expression.

Sherry was stunned, she froze and looked at him in shock.

She thought it was the nurse who changed it, so she was just asking casually and she was not expecting his answer.

"You changed them?" Sherry asked with a shocked expression.

"Right, why?" Bryan raised an eyebrow at her shocked expression.

"Do you even know how to do it?" Sherry shrieked.

"I googled about it" Bryan said and carried her in his arms, "Time to go home, Wifey" he said in a deep voice.

Sherry didn't struggle because she was still in shock.

She didn't even know when they walked out of the hospital.

He carried her and put her down in the passenger seat.

She regained herself after he closed the passenger door.

That was why she was feeling comfortable but she didn't relate it to her tampon being changed.

It seems the medicine she took earlier worked, because her cramps were getting better even though it still hurts but it is still better.

"Are you feeling hungry?" Bryan asked, immediately he sat down by her side.

Sherry was about to talk when her stomach growled in reply.

She didn't even realize that she was hungry, if he didn't ask, so many things happened that it made her forget her hunger.

"What do you want to eat?" Bryan asked with a doting smile.

"Hotpot!" Sherry replied, it has been a while since she ate that last, she has always been dreaming about it, sometimes she always imagined herself eating it.

Sherry licked her lips in anticipation, thinking about the hotspot alone, making her drool.

He was not a big fan hotpot but he still decided to fulfill her wish.

Bryan was feeling amused at her drooling face, he started the car and drove out of the hospital.




Bryan parked the car at the nearest hotpot restaurant he saw. She got down from the car without waiting for him to tell her. Bryan shook his head at her excitement, he held her hand and they walked into the restaurant together.

A waiter approached them instantly, "Welcome sir and Madam, would you like to eat at the lobby or a room?" The waiter asked politely.

Although it was a hotpot place, the price was rather high and the temperature was cozy and warm.

Bryan looked at her, with an eyebrow raised.

Anything she says goes, if it is a room she wants he would accept.

"No we will eat at the lobby, Please a quiet place" Sherry smiled at the waiter.

The waiter blushed when he saw her smile, he nodded bashfully.

The lobby will be cheaper and they will spend less than the room.

The waiter took them to a table next to the window, it was in the corner but it had a great view but most importantly it was quiet and good.

"Miss, this is the best place and the most quiet place in the lobby. It has a great view. I hope you like it. Ring the bell anytime you need help" The waiter smiled, his eyes were only on Sherry.


Bryan looked at the waiter, he felt jealous when he saw that the waiter was paying her extra attention. He glared at the waiter.

The waiter suddenly felt a chill run down his spine. He looked at the man behind the beautiful lady and knew that chill was emitting from him. He was scared and lowered his head before fleeing.

Sherry didn't notice anything amiss, Bryan shook his head lightly.

She didn't even know what her charms were doing to other people.

He suddenly felt like he should be following her everywhere, she is still so naive and doesn't even know when a guy likes her or hits on her.

They soon finished ordering, and Naive Sherry started eating her delicious hotpot without a care.

She savored the taste in her mouth, she would moan in satisfaction with every spoon she takes.

It still tastes so delicious.

She loved eating a lot, but she stopped eating after sometime. She doesn't know why she stopped eating it even though she liked it.

Bryan felt sullen when he realized that all her attention was on the hotpot, she didn't even give him a glance.

He knew it sounded ridiculous but he felt jealous of the hotpot.

Sherry raised her head and looked at Bryan, she suddenly realized that he was not eating, "You are not eating? Or you don't like it?" Sherry asked.



66
Bryan felt sullen when he heard her question,  he arched an eyebrow, "You just realized it?" He asked.

Sherry's mouth twitched.

Why does it sound like she doesn't care about him?

She brought a spoon of hotpot towards his mouth, "Taste it" She said.

Bryan opened his mouth happily and ate it even though he didn't like it.

"Delicious right?" Sherry asked him with a smile.


Bryan nodded.

"Dig in then. Eat more" Sherry said and continued eating her food.



They finished eating the hotpot and walked out of the restaurant, Sherry felt her stomach was bloated. Her stomach was full of hotpot and she liked it.

"Are you full?" Bryan asked and drove out of the restaurant.

Sherry pouted when she heard his question, but she nodded.

They got home in an hour and thirty minutes.

Sherry walked into the room, her body was sticky. She wants to quickly take a shower and wear other clothes.

She walked into the bathroom and showered, she walked out of the bathroom with a towel that didn't reach her knee.

Bryan raised his head and looked at her immediately he heard the bathroom door open. He felt his throat dry and his eyes became darker, a certain place was aroused.

Sherry didn't notice his reaction and walked to her closet to change her clothes.

She put on her pajamas and walked towards the bed. She lay down on the bed, and glanced at Bryan with her eyebrow raised, "You don't want to take a shower?" She asked.

Bryan bit his lips when he heard her question. If not because she was in her period and couldn't do anything, he would have misunderstood that as an invitation..

Sherry noticed his odd behavior and knew that he was feeling aroused, so she decided to tease him.


She lifted her clothes slowly, "Why am I feeling so hot?" She asked not to ask him, just saying it.

She fanned herself and lifted her clothes slowly, his eyes followed her movement.

She suddenly stopped and yawned, "I'm suddenly not feeling hot anymore," Sherry said.

Bryan realized immediately that he was tricked, he felt amused and angry too.

"Sherry, just because you are on your period doesn't mean you can't use your hand" Bryan threatened her with a smirk.

Sherry faked a yawn. Immediately she heard his words, "I'm feeling sleepy, so I won't disturb you anymore." She covered her whole body with a blanket like she was afraid that Bryan would change his mind and asked her to use her hand.

Bryan sighed and walked into the bathroom. He took a shower and calmed his excited crotch.

He walked out of the room and glanced at Sherry. Her breathing was now even.

Sherry fell asleep without knowing, she felt her cramps worsen in the middle of the night but she was feeling sleepy and didn't want to open her eyes.

She suddenly felt something warm attached to her stomach, easing her pain. She was confused and wanted to open her eyes but her eyes were heavy but it made her sleep soundly.


When she woke up the next day it was 8.30 am. Seeing the time Sherry jumped out of the bed and ran into the bathroom.

She had a class today and the professor was a strict person, and he would mark the attendance. If he finds out that she skipped school, she is finished.

Sherry quickly took a shower, her cramps were much better than yesterday, she walked out of the bathroom after she finished taking a shower.

Quickly changing into a new outfit, She walked out of the room, she saw some foods covered in the dining table, she already knew that it was Bryan who cooked but she was already late for the class and didn't have time to eat but remembering how sweet his food tastes. She couldn't resist the temptation and walked towards the dining room. She opened it and saw that it was her best food.

She saw a paper beside it as usual.

'Take your time to eat, i already called your school that you are sick, Your perfect hubby' 

Sherry felt her heart warm.

"Muack, perfect hubby" Sherry kissed the letter.

She sat down to eat, she ate slowly to savor the taste of the food since he had solved the professor's end.

Ring! Ring!

Her phone rang.

She took it out from her bag.

It was Tara.

She picked it up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello baby girl, are you already missing me?" Sherry asked with a cheeky smile on her face.

"Nope! I don't" Tara replied.

"Keep on lying to yourself" Sherry snickered.

"Sherry," Tara said in a grave voice.

Sherry stopped eating and her expression turned serious when she heard how grave her voice sounded. What is it? Did something happen?" Sherry asked.

Tara on the other hand bit her lips, "I think I'm pregnant" She said in a mosquito voice but it was loud enough for Sherry to hear.


"Really? How did you know?" Sherry asked.

"My period for this month is late," Tara said.

"Oh, you should confirm first before you think it might not be what you think besides what will you do if you are really pregnant? Will you keep it?" Sherry asked.

"I'm not sure but it is a life, I can't kill my baby. Besides, my mom has been bugging about her grandchildren so it will be fine" Tara said.

"Okay, any decision you want to take I'll support you but don't be harsh to yourself" Sherry said.

"I'm feeling a little happy tho, i feel like marriage is a bondage and i don't want to get married before i just want to get pregnant" Tara said and laughed, "I know this sounds ridiculous but i feel happy that I'm pregnant without knowing his father" 


Sherry bit her lip, "It doesn't sound ridiculous to me because I have the same mentality as you. I feel like marriage is a bondage too but after marriage there is still divorce, no? So marriage is not a big deal because we don't feel the same, we will divorce anyway" Sherry said.

She suddenly felt jealous of Tara. She has a baby after a one night stand. That was what she wanted too. She wanted her own baby too without getting married before she met Bryan even after she met Bryan but she never imagined that she would fall for him and agree to marry him.

That is right

She has fallen in love with Bryan but she didn't tell him. She is scared because she still doesn't know the feelings he has for her. What if he doesn't feel the same for her?

"We are really telepathic then" Tara said with a smile then her voice turned serious, "Uhm.. Sherry, have you seen the headline?" She asked.

Sherry was confused, she doesn't read news or check the entertainment gossip. She has a business mentality.

Money first after money.

The second thing on her mind was money.

In fact everything on her mind is money.

"No, I don't check the news or gossip, why?" Sherry asked.

"Uhm.. It is better if you check it" Tara said.

Sherry nodded, "Okay" She said and hung up.

She turned on her mobile data connection, notification keep popping. She went to Instagram immediately.

The first headline she saw shocked her to the core.

She froze and stared at her phone in horror.




67
Shocking headlines bombard the social media.

The headline was: "After getting marry rich, she forgot her parents"

Sherry clicked on the first article and started reading the news.

She sneered once she finished reading it.

The news was about how she got married to Bryan and forgot her father, she didn't take care of him.

He is back!

That was the first that came into Sherry's mind.

She doesn't know that her father is so shameless, he left them without turning back when they were young. Now he is saying nonsense about her not taking care of him.

She was confused about how he knew that she got married to Bryan then she remembered that Bryan publicly introduced her as his wife, so he saw the news.

She scrolled to the comment section.

'Unfilial daughter indeed, she forgot her parents after getting married rich, may God not let us give birth to a daughter like her'


'I'll die if I lie:  First commenter, Amen to that. The man is really suffering he said he called her number but she blocked him after picking his call once, she also asked him not to call her anymore'


'Shit: I'll die if I lie, really, she really said that?'

I'll die if I lie: Of course! The reporter is my friend, the poor man has to report her to my friend so everyone could know what she did.

Red: I really admired her before but I don't like her anymore.

Sherry is a whore: You like that whore? You don't have a good taste. She is a whore who seduces married men or any second generation rich heir

Youth: Really, Mr Tony married someone like that? It seems she really hid her characters.

Badbitch: She is a whore, she seduces someone else's fiance and marries him.

Sherry whore: i could already guess it, I heard that Miss Flow Cunningham was engaged with Mr Tony before, but Mr Tony suddenly announced her as his wife, it seems this woman is really skillful

Slut: How much does a night cost @Sherry

Fuxk: You want to sleep with her? Haha

Flow is the best: Justice for Flow

Justice for Flow 2

Justice for Flow 3




Sherry laughed in anger.

She exited from Instagram.

Ring!

Her phone rang at the same time.

It was Tara.

Sherry picked it up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello"

"Sherry, uhm have you seen it? Are you alright?" Tara asked consciously.

Sherry chuckled, "I'm fine, do you think something like this will affect me?" 

Tara heaved a sigh of relief when she heard this, "You won't clarify it?" Tara asked.

"Nope, it will die down later there is no need to. You are not sure of what happened but you still believe me?" Sherry arched an eyebrow.


"Yes, I believe you and I'll support any decision you want to take but the comments are really annoying," Tara said in an irritated voice.

"Don't look at it anymore if they are annoying," Sherry replied.

"Fine, I won't so I won't spill blood in anger" Tara said in a sarcastic voice and continued "But are you coming to school today?" 

"Sure why not," Sherry shrugged.

"But the reporters will be harassing you," Tara said worriedly.

"It is fine," Sherry replied and carried her bag.

"Okay see you in school then" Tara said.

"Sure," Sherry replied and hung up.


She walked out of the house, her phone suddenly rang again.

Ring! Ring!

Sherry looked at it.

It was Bryan.

She sighed.

She guessed he already saw the news, The news was so big that no one would miss it.

She was confused on why her mom had not called her yet but she guessed that she had not seen the news.

Sherry picked it up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello" 

"I saw the news" 

"Oh" Sherry muttered.

She doesn't know what to say, she was nervous that he would believe the news but will not believe her.

What if he asked for a divorce?

She would sign it, even if her heart would hurt she would sign it because of her pride.

She will never beg a man to stay anymore, so she will sign it even if it will hurt her.

"Are you listening?" Bryan asked.

Sherry snapped out of her thoughts and asked, "en?" She didn't hear anything he said because her mind had wandered around.

"I asked you to stay home for now, the reporters are at the gate. The security just called me. I have taken the news down so you should rest at home. I'll ask for some leave in your school too" Bryan said.

Sherry nodded but she realized that he couldn't see so she cleared her throat, "Uhm.. Thank you. Uhm.. You don't have anything to ask me?" Sherry hesitated before asking.


Or has he already concluded and deemed her guilty?

"No I believe you, I'll wait till you are ready to tell me also," Bryan said.

The tears she was holding fell. She couldn't help it, she thought he would divorce her since the news will affect his company. A business man will always choose his company over an unknown woman, no?

But he broadened her zone, she couldn't believe that he would still help even though it will affect his company, she was already ready for the worst which would be divorce.

"Sherry? Are you hearing me? Are you alright" Bryan's anxious voice was heard on the phone, he didn't hear her voice anymore and thought something happened to her.

Sherry was about to reply him when she heard his Secretary's voice, "Boss, you can't leave, you have an important meeting in five minutes" 

Sherry saw that she made him worried by not talking so she quickly replied to him, "Uhm I'm fine, "she said in a hoarse voice.

From her voice Bryan could tell that she was crying, his heart aches for her, "You are crying, Why are you crying? Are you a baby?" Bryan said in order to amuse her.

Sherry smiled, "Thank you for believing me" She said sincerely.

"You are my wife, so i have to believe you and side you not the outsiders" Bryan said and added, "If you really want to thank me, finish your monthly flow quickly and thank me by letting me ravish you non stop" 

Sherry was about to thank him once again but she blushed when she heard the last part, "Hmph, i don't want to thank you anymore" She said.


"Ungrateful, I'll punish you when you are free" he said in a deep and seductive voice.

Sherry blushed, her body reacted strangely to his voice, "I won't talk to you anymore" Sherry said and hung up immediately before he corrupted her.

She couldn't go to school now even if she wanted to, so she walked back into their bedroom and lay down on the bed with her laptop. She checked the news and saw that most of them had been taken down as he said. She sighed.

She logged into her stock app to check Bryan's company shares. It was very low as she expected because of the news.

Even though she doesn't want to clarify it, she still feels the need to clarify it so it would stop affecting his company.

She logged into her social media app and started typing.

Her phone suddenly rang when she was about to post it.

It was Flow.



68
She couldn't go to school now even if she wanted to, so she walked back into their bedroom and lay down on the bed with her laptop. She checked the news and saw that most of them had been taken down as he said. She sighed.

She logged into her stock app to check Bryan's company shares. It was very low as she expected because of the news.

Even though she doesn't want to clarify it, she still feels the need to clarify it so it would stop affecting his company.

She logged into her social media app and started typing.

Her phone suddenly rang when she was about to post it.

It was Flow.




She arched an eyebrow when she saw who the caller was. She would have forgotten about her existence if she didn't call her today. It has been awhile since she saw her last.

It is not that she wants to see her but she knew that she liked Bryan and would not give up easily but was surprised when she didn't disturb them anymore.

She picked the phone and put it on her ear.

"Hello, who is this?" Sherry asked, pretending not to know that she is the one calling.

Flow smug smile froze, She gritted her teeth and gripped her phone tightly, she took a deep breath and said "I'm the one Miss Sherry" 

Sherry exclaimed, "Oh! Miss Flow! Sorry I don't save a number of people I'm not familiar with but I'll save yours now" She said with a cheeky smile on her face.

Flow gripped her phone tightly and squeezed it, "Oh! I don't mind, I saw the news about you online, but i believe you and i have clarified that there is nothing between big brother Bryan and i too" 

"Oh you don't have to help me so much," Sherry replied.

"I'm not helping you, I'm helping Brother Bryan," Flow said.

"Oh I'll have to thank you on my husband's behalf then," Sherry said.

She hung up immediately without waiting for her reply.

Flow heard the beeping sounds which was reminding her that Sherry hung up on her. She smashed her phone on the floor angrily, "Bitch!" She cursed.

She took her phone from the floor and removed the sim card, she opened her drawer and brought out another phone, she inserted her sim card into the phone.

She dialed a number.

The number rang before the person picked up in the third ring.

"Hello" Flow said still feeling angry.

"Who made our princess angry?" The person on the other side asked, it was a male voice.

"Who else except that bitch? Bryan has removed the article about that bitch's news, Can you put it back?" Flow asked.

The man chuckled wickedly, "You don't have to, everyone would have seen the news by now" 

Flow disagreed, "No, I want her news to be still there for at least three or five days. Can you do that?" Flow asked impatiently.

"You also know how powerful Tony is, do you want me to die?" 

"You can't do that?" Flow asked.

"No"

"Fine, i want to make sure Brother Bryan would have no choice but to divorce, Ruin her reputation for me" Flow said.

"Sure"

Flow finally smiled in satisfaction.

Hmph watch how brother Bryan would divorce you.

I don't believe he won't divorce you with your reputation down the hill.


Sherry hung up.

She logged into her social media and went to Flow's account.

She saw her post and started reading it.

'Hi everyone, i saw the rumors about me and big brother Bryan, actually i wouldn't deny that i like Brother Bryan and i still liked him but i already gave up and gave them my blessing when he married sister-in-law, @Sherryhue so please refrain from spreading rumors. And about my sister-in-law scandal, although i don't know what happened i believe her" 


Sherry sneered once she finished reading her post.

She made it look like she was really the third party and she would gain people's sympathy and admiration.

Attention seeker.

Sherry scrolled down to read the comment section.

As she expected people were bashing her and was consoling Flow.

Flow' hubby: I know that it was bitch who seduced Mr Tony. You are really nice and kindhearted you even forgive her and call her sister-in-law, That bitch seduce married men

Bitchy: Tsk tsk you are really nice you gave up easily i love your courage, thumbs up you are my role model from now.

Flow daddy: She is not only taking care of her parents, she even seduced people's men, watch out for this whore.

Anonymous: You are so kindhearted, you should not be like that black hearted bitch, keep being kindhearted"


Sherry laughed, feeling amused when she saw people's comments.

Kind Hearted? Indeed.

Although she doesn't have any evidence that she has something to do with her kidnapping, she had a feeling that she was behind it but no evidence to prove that. And her feelings are always accurate.

It has never happened to her before, it was when she met Bryan that she was first kidnapped so she had all right to suspect Flow.


She exited her social media and turned off her data.

She wants to clarify the news before because of Bryan so it would stop affecting him but she knew that just making a post about it would only worsen the situation because no one would believe her without evidence.

She doesn't have a father and her father is dead already, and she is taking care of her mommy without hesitation, what right does he have that made him think that she should take care of him?.

She can give him a huge sum of money though, that will be for donating sperm, and everything he paid for when she was young. She would repay him for that but after that sum of money, she would have nothing to do with him anymore, it seems his mistress ran away after he ran out of money.

Sherry glanced at her phone and saw that there was no call from her mom nor Nancy. She was confused but she couldn't go out of the house because of the reporters.

She dialed her mom's number after a moment of hesitation.

Her mom picked up when the phone was about to hang up.

"Hello Sherry" 

"Mom, where are you?" Sherry asked.

"I'm at home, have you forgiven me for what happened the other day?" Her mom asked.

It was the day when she went to her mom's house, when her mom told her that Wendy told her that she seduced a married man but her mom chose to believe Wendy but didn't believe and she left her house in anger and it was the same day she was kidnapped.

Sherry bit her lower lip.

She has not forgiven her but she hummed and replied positively, "Yes"

Her mom sighed, "That is good, why did you call?" 

Sherry hesitated before asking "Uhm.. Did anyone call You?" Sherry asked.

"No, why?" Her mom replied.

Sherry sighed in relief once she heard this.

It means her mom was still in the dark.

"Nothing just asking, I'm busy I'll call you later" Sherry said.

Her mom hung up.

She sighed and put her phone beside.

She hoped her mom wouldn't notice anything amissed.




69
It was the day when she went to her mom's house, when her mom told her that Wendy told her that she seduced a married man but her mom chose to believe Wendy but didn't believe and she left her house in anger and it was the same day she was kidnapped.

Sherry bit her lower lip.

She has not forgiven her but she hummed and replied positively, "Yes"

Her mom sighed, "That is good, why did you call?" 

Sherry hesitated before asking "Uhm.. Did anyone call You?" Sherry asked.

"No, why?" Her mom replied.

Sherry sighed in relief once she heard this.

It means her mom was still in the dark.

"Nothing just asking, I'm busy I'll call you later" Sherry said.

Her mom hung up.

She sighed and put her phone beside.

She hoped her mom wouldn't notice anything .


She lay down feeling bored.

Ring!

Her phone rang.

She took it and glanced at the screen.

It was Nancy.

She picked it up and put the phone on her ear.

"Hello," Sherry said.

"Sherry, can you come down to the police station?" Nancy said, her voice sounded hoarse and weak like she had been crying.

Sherry sat down on the bed straight when she heard her voice, "What are you doing there? Are you owing someone again?" Sherry asked.


Nancy burst into tears when she heard her question, "Lil sis, I'm really sorry. I promise not to do it anymore but can you come and get me? This place looks scary" Nancy pleaded.

Sherry sighed, her heart softened, she was her blood sister after all. Sherry has vowed that she won't help her pay anymore debts but her heart softened this time. They suffered together when they were young so she couldn't abandon her sister.

"Hello?" A man's voice said.

Sherry knitted her brow when she heard a stranger voice, "Who are you?" Sherry asked.

"I'm the officer handling Miss Nancy's case, are you her sister?" The officer asked.

Sherry replied, "Yes"

"Okay, your sister borrowed the sum of a million dollars from a lady for the past two months, she has refused to pay so can you come to our station?" The officer asked.

"Where is your office located?" Sherry asked.

"Downhills Local Area" The officer replied.

Sherry said 'okay' and hung up the phone.

She took her phone and walked out of the house in a hurried step.

She didn't see David, her personal driver when she got to the carpark. She didn't want to waste anymore time and walked out of the house.

Bryan was living in an estate so a taxi couldn't come into the estate, she would have to walk out of the estate before she would be able to see a taxi, fortunately Bryan's house was not far from the estate gate.

She got to the gate in ten minutes, immediately she walked out of the gate, and the crowd surrounded her immediately.

Sherry was surprised, she looked around and saw that they were reporters, she then remembered the scandal about her. She had forgotten all about it because of her sister's call.

The reporters put their camera in front of her taking numerous pictures of her, "Mrs Tony, is it true you abandoned your father?"

"You stopped taking care of your father after getting married rich, did you feel guilty?"

"Mrs Tony please clarify this"

"Mrs Tony, is it true that you like seducing married men even though you are married?" 

"Mrs Tony, is it true that you seduced Mr Tony before he finally married you?" 

'Dammit!' Sherry cursed in a low tone.

Sherry was almost blinded by the nonstop flash, feeling dizzy.

She tried to walk away from the crowd but they didn't give way and blocked her from leaving.

Suddenly someone threw something from the crowd, it met her hair.

Sherry touched it and smelled it, it was an egg.

"Mrs Tony, why are you trying to leave? Are you admitting all the allegations?" 

"Mrs Tony, what do you have to say?"

Sherry was getting irritated and anxious, she growled impatiently, "Get out of my way"

Someone suddenly rushed out from the crowd, the middle aged woman was dressed in expensive clothes, she grabbed Sherry by her hair, the attack came so sudden that Sherry was caught off guard.

She couldn't dodge in time.

"You f**king whore, after getting married to a rich tycoon, you are not satisfied and seduced my husband too" The woman's voice was very loud.

The reporters started videoing everything immediately, everyone watched the woman and didn't try to stop her.


"See, she seduced this woman husband too"

"So she is such a whore?"

"That is right, she is not satisfied after getting married to a tycoon"

"Tsk tsk a whore will always be a whore"

Sherry's hair grabbed, she felt a great pain. She tried to remove the woman's hand from her hair but the woman was too strong.

"What are you doing? I don't know you or your husband" Sherry told the woman.

"Stupid bitch, how will you know me? You slept with my husband" The woman yelled.


Sherry hair prickled, she was starting to feel her headache, she pinched the woman's hand that grabbed her hand. The woman released her hair when she felt the pain in her hand.

Sherry tried to run away from the crowd.

Suddenly, someone poured water on her body. It seems the person was prepared so the urine met her body accurately.

It smells so bad, her body was all wet and dripping with urine.

"Bitch, you want to run away? I'll discipline you" The woman walked towards her, when she realized that Sherry was about to run away, fortunately someone helped her by pouring a bucket of urine in her body.


As she said that, the woman shoved her and then got over her, slapping her hard on the face. Her hand and leg were pulled securely, she couldn't move.


Sherry's face was burning after being slapped, although she was humiliated when she was in high school. She was never humiliated like this, it felt like she had gone back to the times in her high school. She was thrown different things on her body but she was never slapped. The people around her were laughing like when she was in high school, it felt like she had gone back to then, when they made her life difficult.

Suddenly, the phone started to ring.

The woman who took her down could hear the ringtone, so she removed the phone from her pocket.

She glanced at the screen and saw 'Baby'

"You are really shameless, is it one of the men you seduced that is calling you, let's see who else you seduced after seducing my husband" The woman scorned her.


Sherry's mind was blank, she didn't even know that her phone was ringing or what the woman said, her mind was empty and she was feeling dizzy. She was feeling conscious and unconscious at the same time.

The woman picked up the phone.

"Hello Wifey" a deep voice was heard on the phone, it sounds mature.

The woman was pissed off when she heard the man's voice, "Do you know that she is a whore who seduced men? I guess you are one of those men this bitch seduced" The woman said on the phone and slapped Sherry after saying this. 


It was loud and clear, the man on the other side of the phone could hear it clearly.



70

The woman picked up the phone.

"Hello Wifey" a deep voice was heard on the phone, it sounds mature.

The woman was pissed off when she heard the man's voice, "Do you know that she is a whore who seduced men? I guess you are one of those men this bitch seduced" The woman said on the phone and slapped Sherry after saying this. 


It was loud and clear, the man on the other side of the phone could hear it clearly.




Bryan was sitting down in his office with a leisurely smile on his face, he decided to call Sherry and asked her to come to his office because she would be feeling bored at home.

He picked up his phone and dialed her number.

The phone rang and she picked at the third ring.

"Hello Wifey," Bryan said.

"Do you know that she is a whore who seduces men? I guess you are one of those men this bitch seduced" A woman said on the phone and he heard her hit someone after saying this. 

He stood up and walked out of the company in a hurried step.

He walked to where his car was parked, fortunately, Calvin was there. He opened the door and got into the car.

"Go home," Bryan said.

Calvin started the car and drove out of the company.

"Drive fast" Bryan said, he felt that the pace he was driving was too slow.

Calvin drove faster when he heard his urgent voice.


.

Sherry didn't move or groan in pain after getting another slap.

She was already falling unconscious. She was feeling a lot of pain, she didn't struggle and just let the woman do whatever she wants

She is tired, mentally, physically and emotionally.


Someone suddenly exclaimed in the crowd.

"Is she dead?"


The woman's face turned pale in fear once she heard this.

She was just asked to beat her till her face was destroyed but she should not kill.

She stood up from Sherry's body. She has been sitting down on her body since.

The woman kicked her, "I think the bitch is just pretending." The woman said she was fearless, but she was actually trembling inside.




Calvin parked the car at the gate.

"What happened?" Bryan askes impatiently.

"The gate is blocked, there are reporters and there is no way to pass," Calvin said.

Bryan looked at the crowd, he was about to turn his head away when he saw a familiar clothes lying down on the floor.

His heart felt like it stopped beating.

He opened the car door and walked out of the car, he walked towards the crowd, his heart was beating fast.

Hoping that he saw it wrongly.

 His heart ached when he saw that she was truly the one. She looked unrecognizable.

The woman quickly released Sherry Bryan's sharp gaze fell on her.

She shivered in fear.

Bryan looked at Sherry but she was not moving, she looked like she was dead except the way her chest was beating in a slow pace.

He walked closer to her and carried her in his arms not caring about how dirty and haggard she looked. The smell of urine assaulted his nose, but he didn't care about that, he was a clean freak but he didn't even bother about getting dirty.

"Sherry?" He whispered.

Sherry heard the familiar voice, she tried to open her heavy eyes.

"Hubby, you are finally here" She said in a low tone, her voice sounded coarse, she forced out a smile, the smile was worse than tears.


His heart felt like it was squeezed in pain, she looked pitiful. He regretted not arriving fast to protect her.

"Mm, I'm here" Bryan smiled at her.


Bryan turned towards the woman, burning in rage and murderous intent, he didn't even care that the reporters were here. He turned and glanced at Calvin who followed him, "Call the police, arrest everyone of them, sue them" Bryan said.

Calvin immediately followed his order and called the police. 

"Done Boss"

Calvin said with sweat dripping from his forehead.

He pitied these people.

They dared to offend the Boss.

He pitied Young Madam the most.

She looked unrecognizable and haggard.

The reporters shivered in fear once they heard that he asked Calvin to call the police. They wanted to flee but someone suddenly exclaimed from the crowd.

"He is Mr Tony" 


'Mr Tony?'

They shivered in fear when they heard this. They wanted to flee desperately but they found out that they were surrounded by men in black, with ferocious looks.

They shivered.

They were told that Mr Tony doesn't care about her, that was why they were fearless and did this. If they knew that he valued her like this, they wouldn't do it even if they were given ten lives. They started regretting it, they should have not believed what that person said. They don't even know who told them.

The woman trembled when he heard that the police were called.

She looked at Bryan and tried to feign righteousness, "This woman seduced my husband first" The woman said.

Bryan chuckled in anger.

He felt like releasing his anger but he couldn't beat a lady.

Bryan ignored her.

The police soon arrived, after seeing Bryan they didn't ask for the details before they arrested everyone in the scene.

Bryan carried her into the car and Calvin drove straight to the hospital.

They arrived at the hospital and rushed Sherry into the emergency room.


The doctor came out of the emergency room after an hour. He looked exhausted.

Bryan walked towards him. "How is she?" He asked.

"She is fine, she just had a concussion and will be fine. She is still unconscious and will wake up soon" The doctor said.


Bryan nodded.

He walked towards the ward Sherry was taken to. 

Her clothes were now changed and her hair was washed and neat. Although the slap mark was still on her face.

Bryan sighed and blamed himself for arriving late.

He sat down beside waiting for her to wake up. The doctor told him that he was not sure of when she would wake up.

Ring!! Ring!!

His phone rang.

He took it out from his pocket.

It was one of his guards, who escorted the reporters to the police station.

Bryan walked out of the ward, so he wouldn't disturb her.

He picked up after walking out of the ward.

"Hello"

"Boss, the woman already confessed she said someone instructed her to do so to Young Madam"

Bryan clenched his fist tightly in anger.

"Who instructed her?" He asked, his voice was lace with malice.

The bodyguard shivered in fear when he heard how cold he sounded on the phone, he knew that his Boss was angry.

"She said she didn't see the person, She only received a call and it was a woman's voice" The bodyguard said.

"I don't want excuses!I want to know who the mastermind is, I'll give twenty four hours to find out who is behind it," Bryan said.

"Yes Boss" The bodyguard said without arguing back.

Bryan hung up the phone and walked back to the ward, her eyes were still closed. He sighed and sat down.



###chapter 71
Bryan walked out of the ward, so he wouldn't disturb her.

He picked up after walking out of the ward.

"Hello"

"Boss, the woman already confessed she said someone instructed her to do so to Young Madam"

Bryan clenched his fist tightly in anger.

"Who instructed her?" He asked, his voice was lace with malice.

The bodyguard shivered in fear when he heard how cold he sounded on the phone, he knew that his Boss was angry.

"She said she didn't see the person, She only received a call and it was a woman's voice" The bodyguard said.

"I don't want excuses!I want to know who the mastermind is, I'll give twenty four hours to find out who is behind it," Bryan said.

"Yes Boss" The bodyguard said without arguing back.

Bryan hung up the phone and walked back to the ward, her eyes were still closed. He sighed and sat down.


Sherry groaned from her sleep, her eyes felt heavy and she felt her face burn. Bryan heard her groan and quickly stood up, looking at her with concern, "You are awake? How do you feel?" Bryan asked.

Sherry tried to stand up so she could sit down, Bryan quickly helped her sit down.

"Bryan?" Sherry called, in a daze.

"Yes baby?" Bryan answered.

Sherry hugged him tightly, Bryan was shocked, but he didn't pull away from her hug, instead hugged her back.

Sherry tears fell when he heard his comforting voice, Bryan was flustered when he saw her start crying. 

He doesn't know how to comfort a person crying because he has never done it before, even if a girl was crying in front of him he wouldn't care not to talk about comforting the girl but his heart ached when he heard Sherry's cry.

He patted her back the way his grandma would do to him, whenever they hugged.

Sherry is not a person who cries easily, she would rather hide her pains and tears than express it. She was shocked but she felt injustice when she saw the concern in his eyes.

She released him feeling a little awkward when she saw that her tears had stained his suit.

She felt more embarrassed when she saw the teasing smile on his face.

"Are you okay now?" Bryan asked with an arched eyebrow.


Sherry nodded, "Can we go home?" She asked him.

She hates the smell of the hospital and wants to go home quickly.

"No" Bryan replied

Sherry looked at him with a pitiful face, "Please hubby" She begged with her mouth pout.

Bryan's heart melted and he unconsciously nodded, Sherry was overjoyed. By the time he realized what he did, it was already too late, he decided not to say anything after seeing her happy expression, he felt amused.

Why is she happy just because they are leaving the hospital?

She hates hospitals that much?

She quickly tried to stand up from the bed in a hurry, she accidentally touched her wound and groaned in pain. Bryan quickly supported her with a concern in his eyes, "are you alright?" He asked.

Sherry nodded.

Bryan sighed and carried her in his arms. Sherry was caught off guard, by the time she realized what happened she was already in his arms, she struggled in his arms, "I can walk" She tried to say.

He hit her on her butt, "Behave" He said and started stroding out of the hospital.

Sherry's face flushed red when he hit her butt, she decided to enjoy the special treatment from a handsome hunk then, she had nothing to lose anyway.

Calvin opened the backseat door immediately he saw them, Bryan carried her into the car. Calvin started the car and drove home.


Sherry was carried by Bryan again when they got home, he put her on the bed. Sherry felt better after smelling the familiar smell of the room not like the hospital that smells like drugs all over it.

Spit spit

Just thinking about it made her want to puke.

She suddenly remembered something. She keeps feeling that she has neglected something. She has been trying to remember but couldn't remember no matter how much she tried when she woke up. She remembered now.

Her sister, Nancy.

She quickly picked up her phone and dialed her number but it says the phone is not available.

She stood up from the bed even with the pains she was feeling all over her body, she walked out of the room. She took the elevator to the living room, she saw Bryan and a man she was not familiar with and was about to walk towards them, when she heard Bryan say her name.

"So did you investigate the number who called the woman? Did you find out who the mastermind was?" Bryan asked the man.

Sherry immediately stopped on her foot, she doesn't mean to eavesdrop but she had a feeling that what they are talking about has something to do with the woman who attacked her today.

The man sighed, "Yes I already found out who the person is, but you have to prepare yourself" Conerlius replied.

"Tell me"

"It is Flow Cunningham, that's her number but what is making me confused was why she would use her phone to do such thing, that will harm her if there is evidence" Conerlius replied in a shock, he rubbed his arms feeling frightened when he saw how Bryan looked like he wants to murder someone.

He felt like he would die without knowing how he died with Bryan's mood swings.

Bryan's face turned cold and frightening, he raised his head and looked at Cornelius "Since there is evidence, hand it over to the police let them handle it" Bryan replied after thinking for a while.


Conerlius nodded, to let him know that he understands, He dip his hand into his pocket and brought out a balm. he stretched his hand towards Bryan and handed it to him saying, "This is balm a friend of mine who is a doctor developed, give it to sister-in-law, she should use it for her wounds, they would go down in two days " Cornelius said.

Bryan accepted the medicine without reservation, "Thank you " He has been thinking on how to get an effective balm, but Cornelius was considerate enough and brought it with him, he felt grateful for his thoughtfulness.

Conerlius was shocked when he heard him say thank you ' and the grateful eyes he used to look at him but he didn't show anything because he knew Bryan was not in the mood if not he would have teased him, he said a few words and left..


Sherry was shocked when she heard that it was Flow 's handed work indeed, she already guessed that she was the one but she didn't have a way to confirm her guess, but what the man said made her know that her guess was really right.


She raised her head and looked at Bryan, at the same time Bryan's eyes met hers. He looked shocked when he saw her.

Did she hear everything they said?

Will she leave him because of what Flow did?

He concealed his shock and walked towards her with a smile, "Why are you here? Are you not supposed to be resting at this time?" Bryan asked.

Sherry then remembered the reason why she left her room, "My sister is at the police station, I'll go and bail her" Sherry smiled at him, pretending like she just arrived.

"Your sister? Which Police station?" Bryan asked.

Sherry explained to him.

Bryan nodded after listening to her explanation, he took his phone from his pocket and dialed a number, he hung up after one minute. He looked at Sherry who was looking at him eagerly.

"I just called the police, they said a man called Steven bailed her out four hours ago" Bryan said.

Sherry heaved a sigh of relief when she heard this, fortunately, Steven helped her.

"Thank you" She thanked him sincerely.

"How about you thank me with a kiss?" Bryan said with a smile.

Sherry blushed, she tiptoed and kissed him on the lips briefly, it was a short kiss.

Bryan was shocked, he was actually just teasing her, because she has not been in a good mood since they left the hospital and this was the first time she took the initiative and kissed him, he was really happy.

He was grinning from ear to ear and looked happy.


###chapter 72
Sherry heaved a sigh of relief when she heard this, fortunately, Steven helped her.

"Thank you" She thanked him sincerely.

"How about you thank me with a kiss?" Bryan said with a smile.

Sherry blushed, she tiptoed and kissed him on the lips briefly, it was a short kiss.

Bryan was shocked, he was actually just teasing her, because she has not been in a good mood since they left the hospital and this was the first time she took the initiative and kissed him, he was really happy.

He was grinning from ear to ear and looked happy.


Sherry was not sure of what was wrong with him, he was grinning from ear to ear like there was a happy occasion.

She walked back to the room, after a while.

She sighed and lay down on the bed and fell asleep without knowing, Bryan was in the study room busy, he left some important work this afternoon after he called her so he had to finish some things tonight.

Ring ! Ring !


His phone rang.

He picked it up from the table.

He glanced at the screen.

It was Conerlius.

He answered the call and put the phone on his ear.

"Hello," Bryan answered.

"I already gave police the evidence of her phone call, police arrested her but she said her phone was stolen since yesterday and she had not used it to call" Cornelius said.

He sighed, "I can know why she is fearless, tsk tsk" Conerlius said.

Bryan's face turned cold, "Where is she now?" He asked in a cold voice.

"The police released her since the evidence was not solid enough " Cornelius said.

Bryan hung up on him after hearing this, feeling angry.

He took his phone and scrolled through the numbers, he finally found the number he was looking, he send a text message, "Come out of your house, I'm outside" 

He walked out of the house quietly, after sending this.





Flow walked into her house with a triumphant smile.

She was just coming back from the police station.

She sent a woman to attack Sherry today with reporters, she wants the video online. But her rationality has eaten her brain up or her rage blinded her eyes, so she used her cell phone and sim card to call the woman. By the time she realized what happened it was too late, she could only throw her phone away destroying the evidence.

She didn't expect her fears to actually happen, the police came to arrest her, she quickly lied that her phone was stolen since yesterday so she was not the one who made the call. The police released her because there was not sufficient evidence pointing that she was guilty.

She was angry and happy at the same time, the reason she was angry was because she already told the woman to do it quickly and not be caught but she actually overdo it and got caught by Bryan. Good for her. She doesn't care whether she survives or not. The reason she was happy was because of the way the police took the case seriously. It showed that Sherry was seriously injured besides she heard one of the police say that Sherry was still at the hospital. She smiles happily gloating at her misfortune.

She was not sure if the woman successfully destroyed her face or not, she wished she could go there herself to see it.

She was about to wear her pajamas when her phone 'Beep' the notification of a new message.

She opened the message and was shocked to the core when she saw the sender.

'Brother Bryan'

'can you come out of your house, I'm outside '


Flow sat up on the bed immediately.

She quickly put on some makeup on her face, Sherry's face would probably be as swollen as a pig by now.

Maybe when Brother Bryan sees her face, he would fall for her instead.

She looked at herself in the mirror and was satisfied when she saw the way she looked.

She put on seductive clothes, she walked out of the house and stood in front of her gate, Bryan was not there.

Flow was not about to give up completely, so she stood outside determined to wait for him, even though she was feeling cold because it was winter time already.


.

Bryan sat down inside his car not far away from Flow, he was looking at her while smoking. He watched her wait outside for hours waiting for him with an expressionless face.

He was amused when he saw how determined she was.

The clothes she was wearing were exposed, and it would make her catch cold faster.

But he didn't care and just watched for two hours and thirty minutes before he finally started the car and drove towards her.


He walked out of the car, Flow has been squatting down since because her legs were aching, she immediately stood up when she saw Bryan.

"Brother Bryan" She called in a soft tone, her voice also trembling.


"It seems you don't know your limit and dared to arm my wife" Bryan looked at her with a ruthless smile.

Flow's gentle smile froze.

Did he still suspect even after the police released her?

She looked Bryan with an innocent face, "Why don't I understand what you're talking about? I don't understand" she said.

No one would know if there is no evidence!

Bryan arched an eyebrow, he already expected her to deny it so he was not surprised, "I don't care about you denying it or not but I'll warm you for the last time, if you do anything that would harm my wife, Don't blame me if I stopped giving your family face" Bryan warned her.

The reason he was not willing to do anything to Flow was because of the close relationship they had with his family, he would warn her and give her a second chance if she still dared to arm Sherry, he wouldn't care about how close his families were.


Flow trembled in shock when she saw the ruthlessness in his face, she shivered both because of his gaze and the cold. "Brother Bryan" she tried to talk.


Bryan didn't give her the chance to get near him before he got into the car and drove away leaving her on the road.

Flow trembled, she fell down on the floor with a pale face.

She thought it was because he got tired of Sherry 's face that made her happy. She specially dressed up for him, who knew that he would be so late that she had to wait for him for hours before he finally came.

She didn't blame Bryan but blamed Sherry instead, it must be her fault that was why Bryan came late. 

After he came he didn't even glance at her or care about her. 

He actually berated her because of that bitch?

Damn she was feeling angry.

She sneezed twice.

She understands at once that she already caught a cold. She didn't blame Bryan and blamed Sherry, she was the one who caused it. 



###chapter 73
She thought it was because he got tired of Sherry 's face that made her happy. She specially dressed up for him, who knew that he would be so late that she had to wait for him for hours before he finally came.

She didn't blame Bryan but blamed Sherry instead, it must be her fault that was why Bryan came late. 

After he came he didn't even glance at her or care about her. 

He actually berated her because of that bitch?

Damn she was feeling angry.

She sneezed twice.

She understands at once that she already caught a cold. She didn't blame Bryan and blamed Sherry, she was the one who caused it. 

She walked into her house, feeling angry.




Sherry opened her eyes, she quickly closed it back because the room window was opened, so the light of the sun made her go blind when she opened her eyes. She tried to open it later, she looked around and nobody was inside the room. She sighed and stood up from the bed. She stood in front of the mirror, she saw that her face was now back to normal. The swell has also reduced a lot too. She guessed it was Bryan's handiwork because she remembered that she didn't use anything on her face when she was about to sleep. She was too tired to remember anything.

And her body was aching badly.

She would remember this debt, and make Flow pay double.

She walked into the bathroom to take a shower. She wore casual clothes Since she can't go out so she won't be able to go to school.

Sherry walked out of the room, she took an elevator to the living room. She walked into the living room, no one was there. She walked towards the kitchen and saw him as she expected to cook with chef clothes.

It looked hilarious but he looked handsome in it.

She was sure he would look handsome no matter what he wears.

She stood there and looked at him for a while. She felt that the scene looked beautiful and cool, so she took out her phone and snapped at him.

She looked at the picture and smiled in satisfaction. She was not good at taking pictures but she looked handsome from every angle.

She hid the picture where no one could find it with a password. 

She had never taken a picture with a man before, and no man ever snapped her and used her as wallpaper.

She also longed for that, but her wishes never came true. She wants to be pampered, cared for and loved. Bryan showed her everything but instead of feeling satisfied, she was not instead she was afraid. That everything is just a dream and she will wake up soon.

She realized that she has fallen for him, but will his affection last long?

"Sherry?" Bryan called.

Sherry snapped out of her thought and looked at him, "Yes?" 

"The food is ready" He smiled at her.

Sherry nodded, "I'll help you to serve the food" She said and started walking towards him.

Bryan stopped her, "No you don't have to, just go and wait for me to bring the food to you. Our baby might be in your stomach, don't stress yourself" Bryan smiled slyly at her.

Sherry chuckled when she heard what he said, "Baby? No baby here, it is my monthly visitor here" Sherry blinked at him.

Sorry to burst his bubble.


"Oh, it doesn't matter, just learn to be lazy so you won't stress yourself when you are pregnant" Bryan said in a nonchalant tone.

He was not disappointed that she was not pregnant, there is still time, he would mold a baby and put it into her stomach soon.

Sherry nodded and didn't insist about helping him, she walked to the dining room and sat down. She took out her phone to browse the internet so she won't feel bored.

Beep! 

A message came into her phone.

It was Tara.

Tara: Yo babe! 

Sherry: Good, what about you?

Tara: I'm good, are you enjoying your holiday?

Sherry:( She sent a bored emoji), bored as hell.

Tara: (Send a laughing emoji) You don't have a choice, you have to except if you wish to get harassed by those aggressive reporters.

What happened yesterday was not uploaded online because Bryan destroyed those reporters' cameras and sued their company, some went bankrupt in an hour. They don't even have a chance to save their heads not to talk of uploading it, so only a few people know about it. Even Tara was not aware, if she knew she would have come to visit Sherry and made sure those reporters got jailed.

Sherry: Yes I know madam.

Tara: Babe, you would be a godmother soon

Sherry: ?

She doesn't understand where a baby is coming from.

Tara: I'm really pregnant, it has been confirmed

Sherry: For real ( Sends a disbelieve emoji)

Tara: Yeah, so you would be a godmother soon, are you happy?

Sherry: Do you wish to keep it? You won't tell the baby's father?

Tara: I want to keep it, my mom has been asking for a grandson for two years now. I don't know who is so daft and lied to my mom that I was a lesbian she has been demanding a baby since then.

Sherry: (Sends a wow emoji) you are lesbian? (Sends a shocked emoji), Wow. I can't believe I have a lesbian friend ( sends a thinking emoji) are you perhaps attracted to me? That was why you became my friend? Note I'm not a lesbian, I'm straight.

Tara: F*ck I'm not a lesbian, yuck that is disgusting, I don't like it. I'm straight!

Sherry: I don't believe it! (Sends a disbelieve emoji) 

Tara: Damn you Sherry!

Sherry chuckled.

It has been a while since she had a good time with someone she can call a friend. It actually feels good if the friend is real, not those hypocrites and backstabbers.

"Your friend is a lesbian?" A voice asked behind her.


Sherry was shocked and almost jumped up from her seat because she was not expecting it.

"You why can't you make a sound while walking?" Sherry asked after calming down.

Bryan looked at her with a nonchalant look, "Why should I? It is not like you have anything to hide" Bryan said and asked, "Your friend is a lesbian?" 

"No" Sherry spat and she quickly changed the subject and ordered him, "Quick serve the food, I'm hungry" She said.

Bryan chuckled, not minding her tone, "At your service my queen" He said.

Sherry flushed red, she tried to keep a straight face even those she was flustered.

His Queen?

It sounds cool.

Bryan served the food and they started eating quietly.

They finished eating in a few minutes.

Bryan cleared the plates and washed it, Sherry wanted to help him but he didn't allow her to, he insisted that she should not bother that he will do everything himself.

He finished washing the dishes and walked into the living room, he saw her sitting down at the couch leaning down. He walked towards her and sat down next to her.

"Do you remember what day it is today?" Bryan asked.

Sherry looked at him puzzled, "What day?" 

Bryan was hurt a little when he saw her confused expression.

Does she ever love him?

He asked her , "Do you ever love or like me?" Bryan asked with a serious expression.

He was nervous of what her answer will be, what if she says no? 

He doesn't want it to be like he was just forcing himself on her, he also wants her to be a willing partner.

Sherry became a little nervous when she heard this.

Love?

She already believed that love was dead and it is something that doesn't exist even though she felt it thrice with three jerks making her miserable and made her give up on love.

She really doesn't believe it exists, because after the first trial till the third she keeps getting hurt in the end. Until he barges into her life again making her fall for him hopelessly after giving up on love.

She really doesn't want to answer his question, she is really scared.


If she confesses and he took her for granted, or he was just being obsessed with her for the moment which would end soon, what should she do then?.

Then she would be left heartbroken and hopeless again, no?



###chapter 74
She really doesn't believe it exists, because after the first trial till the third she keeps getting hurt in the end. Until he barges into her life again making her fall for him hopelessly after giving up on love.

She really doesn't want to answer his question, she is really scared.


If she confesses and he took her for granted, or he was just being obsessed with her for the moment which would end soon, what should she do then?.

Then she would be left heartbroken and hopeless again, no?




His heart sank a little the more she kept her silent, he knew he should not have expected for her to return his love so fast, but he just feels somehow. The more he felt that he should make her pregnant, so she won't be able to run. He was about to tell her to forget about it, she should think that he never asked the question when she spoke first.

She faced him with a serious expression on her face too, "What about you? Do you ever love? Don't tell me it was love at first sight, I don't believe that" Sherry said.

Bryan sighed because it was actually that, "It was love at first sight " He said with a serious expression.

Sherry was about to say something sarcastic when he added, "It was ten years ago " Bryan said.

Sherry knitted her eyebrow, she never knew him ten years and she doesn't even remember meeting him, "Ten years ago? We never met ten years ago" she said.

"We met, I also attended Nevermore high school" Bryan said.

Sherry was flabbergasted when she heard this, she gaped in shock, "You attended Nevermore?" She asked.

Bryan nodded.

Sherry nodded understanding, "Even if you attended Nevermore, that doesn't mean we will meet" She said and continued, "don't tell me you have noticed me and secretly fall in love with me?" She arched an eyebrow.

Bryan shook his head with an amused expression, "No, do you remember the back of Nevermore, Someone gave a towel, I wasn't sure of what happened to you then anyway" Bryan shrugged.


Sherry thought about it and remembered, It was the day she was framed for stealing a phone, she was trampled on and the students poured different kinds of things like eggs, urine, sand, flour etc on her.

The teachers didn't do anything about it because they believed that the students were right, since they said she stole a phone it means she stole it. They don't give a damn about poor students but they become bootlickers when they see the rich.


She was feeling down, her uniform was dirty, she just wanted to run away from the place, she ran and ran and she entered a place like the school backyard. She didn't even know that the school has a backyard. She is the kind of person who stays on her own. She doesn't like moving around. She would rather stay at home for months than to travel. So she doesn't know a lot of places in the school except her class, the teachers office, the principals offices.


She saw a young boy, he looked very handsome with an expressionless gaze. Sherry 's face was swollen from crying and was in a daze. She thought Jackson was very handsome, but the boy in front of her was a hundred times more handsome than Jackson. Jackson looked inferior compared to him.

 The boy's eyes were closed, he suddenly opened it alert. He was confused when he saw her, Sherry greeted him shyly but he didn't answer and just closed his eyes back.

Sherry pouted and sat down on the floor, she remembered why she was here, there was no place for her in the school. She closed her eyes feeling so sad that her heart hurts.

She suddenly felt someone clean her face, she opened her eyes and saw that it was the boy. The boy was shocked when he saw that she opened her eyes. He thought she was asleep and just wanted to clean her face.

Sherry smiled at him brightly, making the boy dizzy. Even though she had flour on her face, she was still very beautiful.

"Thank you" She thanked him sincerely from the bottom of heart.

He was the first person who showed kindness to her and treated her well even though he didn't do a lot.

He pushed the towel to her hand in a flustered manner, "Take it and wipe your body. Your stink" He said.

Sherry was not embarrassed when he said that she stinks because it was the truth even she felt that it was disgusting. People would try to avoid her because of the smell, but he didn't avoid her but he approached her instead. She was happy so she used the towel to wipe her face.


Ring!

The boy phone rang 

The boy picked up and hung up after a few minutes.

He bid her goodbye and left.

She never saw the boy anymore till she left Nevermore, she always misses him whenever she was bullied. She went to the backyard but she never saw him again.

She was sad and thought he also couldn't stand her.

She speculated about a lot of things.

Like maybe he heard a few bad things about her that was why he avoided her. So she forgot about him after a while.

Sherry looked at Bryan in shock, "You. you are the boy?" 

Bryan nodded when he heard this, he knew that she already remembered him.

"But why did you leave and I never saw you again?" Sherry asked, feeling angry.

"Sorry, Grandma called me and asked me to go to Singapore. I don't have a choice but to go," Bryan said.

The call he received that day was a phone call from his grandma. Maybe if he hadn't left, maybe they would have dated and gotten married.

He never believed in fate but he started to believe now.

Sherry nodded, "Wow" she said, she still couldn't believe it.


"So you have fallen for me since then?" She asked.

Bryan nodded.

Sherry snorted, he treated her with indifference when they met when he already liked hmph arrogant man.

"So I have answered your question, shouldn't you answer mine now?" Bryan arched an eyebrow.

Sherry's heart jumped like it wanted to fly out from her chest, she clenched her fist to calm her nerves.

Should she confess or not?

She doesn't know that even though he told her that he had been in love for ten years she was still scared.



###chapter 75
Sherry snorted, he treated her with indifference when they met when he already liked hmph arrogant man.

"So I have answered your question, shouldn't you answer mine now?" Bryan arched an eyebrow.

Sherry's heart jumped like it wanted to fly out from her chest, she clenched her fist to calm her nerves.

Should she confess or not?

She doesn't know that even though he told her that he had been in love for ten years she was still scared.



She was feeling tempted to confess that she also had fallen for him but she decided not to after thinking about it. She was afraid he would not believe her and would take her for granted.

She took a deep breath and exhaled loudly, "Thank you for loving me" She started. Bryan was disappointed when he heard this, she continued when she saw his disappointed face, "But I will learn to love you" She said after much thinking.

Bryan nodded, he was happy at least she didn't reject him, she would learn to love him.

It boosted his Mora and he wants to ensure that she falls in love with him completely.

But there is no hurry.

He shouldn't rush things, since she just accepted him.

"Okay wifey" He smiled at her.

Sherry heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that his expression brightened, he didn't look sad and disappointed like when she told him thank you for loving me.

"Okay wifey, you have eaten, it is time to take your drugs" Bryan said with a smile.

Sherry's face froze.

She raised her head and looked at him in shock, he was looking back at her with a big smirk.

She then remembered that she already threw the medicine away, on their way home without him knowing. So she was sure he wouldn't find it where she threw it away.

Then a thought occurred to her.

What if he bought another one?

Sherry quickly rejected the idea, the name of the medicine is too long even she can't remember it.

So he won't remember what she thought.

Her heart calmed down after thinking about this.

Bryan raised an eyebrow when he saw the relief in her face, he smirked at her devilishly, he dipped a hand into his pocket and took out something, Sherry's eyes followed his movement. She became scared once more when she saw the smirk on his face.

Damn! 

Hope it is not the medicine.

She prayed it was not the medicine in her heart but her face looked calm even though she was flustered.

Bryan unwrapped the thing in his hand and brought out the medicine, Sherry's heart sank immediately when she saw the familiar medicine she took in the hospital that day. She was sad and felt very unhappy.

She couldn't cry because of the medicine.

"Time to use medicine babe" Bryan said with an innocent smile and added, "I bought this medicine yesterday at the hospital, the previous one was nowhere to be found. Who do you think takes it?" Bryan asked with an innocent face.

Sherry was feeling guilty when she heard his question and her eyes couldn't met his eyes that looked like it knew that she took it, she took the medicine from his hand and carried the water on the table, she took the medicine obediently and looked at him with a calm face, "Who knows?" She asked back.

"Oh" Bryan nodded, "You took the medicine obediently, are you feeling guilty?" Bryan arched an eyebrow.

He knew that she hated medicine and would look for ways to avoid taking it. But she actually took it obediently without being told twice. He knew that she was feeling guilty by the way she behaved.

Sherry pretended to be angry, "What do you mean? You mean I'll do something petty like that? I know that the medicine is for my own good so I'll be sure to take it. Hmph you don't have to tell before I take my medicine" Sherry snorted and looked away from his eyes that were searching her face.

Bryan nodded, "Okay I know that my baby is not petty, She is very obedient" Bryan coaxed her.

He sat down next to her and wrapped his hand around her waist.

Sherry snorted, "Hmph, Good for you" She said.

"Babe, today is my birthday," Bryan said.

"Wow, happy birthday hubby" Sherry said and pecked his cheek.

Bryan looked at her with his eyebrow raised, "That's all?" He asked.

"Huh?" Sherry looked at him dumbfounded.

"I want a gift" He said like a spoiled child.

"Okay I'll get you one later" She said, she doesn't know what to give him.

She has given her ex different kinds of birthday gifts, shoes, trousers, shirt etc with her hardened money but she got nothing in return on her birthday. Not even a happy birthday. She was always the one giving the gifts, it looked like she was dating herself not a man. She doesn't know what to give him though, she wants it to be special and it should not be a regular gift she gave her ex.

"I want it now," Bryan said.

He was unhappy that she didn't know that today was his birthday, he knew hers because he checked her Id card. He still remembered he never forgot her birthday. But she didn't remember him, she didn't even know that it was his birthday today, he wants her to give him a gift now so she won't tell him that she forgot later.

Although the gift she will give him, he could buy it himself but he still wants a gift from her, that she gave him.

Sherry sighed, "But I can't go out you know because of the reporters" Sherry said.

"You don't have to worry about that, I'll solve that" Bryan reassured her.

"Okay fine, I'll go" She stood up from the couch, she looked at her clothes and felt that she didn't need to change it. It was casual clothes but it is still presentable.

Bryan stood up too, "I'll follow you" He said.

Sherry shrugged and nodded, "Okay let's go".

Bryan held her hand and they walked out of the house hand in hand.

Bryan opened the car door for her, he closed the car gently after Sherry got In.

He walked to the other side and got into the car, he started the car and drove out of the house.

They drove out of the gate, there was no sign of reporters anywhere. Sherry sighed in relief and looked at him, "Did you do it?" She asked.

Bryan looked ahead and asked, "What?"

"The reporters are nowhere to be found, did you do that?" She asked.

Bryan shook his head, "No" 

Sherry was confused when she heard his response.

She looked at the mirror and saw an unfamiliar car following them.

She quickly told Bryan, "That car has been following us since we drove out of the house" She said.

Bryan nodded, "Yes, they are our bodyguards" He replied to her.

Sherry nodded in understanding when she heard this.

She looked out of the window and saw a mall, so she asked him to stop there.

Bryan listened to her obediently and parked the car in the mall, Sherry opened the car door and got out of the car without waiting for him to help.

She looked back and saw that the car also stopped and two men walked out of the car. Bryan got out of the car and walked towards them. He whispered some things to them before walking towards Sherry's back.

"Will they follow us in?" Sherry asked.

She doesn't want people to look at them like they were weird. People would probably think she was the one who asked Bryan to call the bodyguards, because it has been a while since he used the bodyguards. Most people don't know he has bodyguards too.

They would probably blame her, but she doesn't care about that. She never cared about what others said about her. It doesn't affect her, it is fine as long as it won't affect her source of income. It is not like they were the one feeding her or taking care of her. If they were the one taking care of her fine she would care but they never take care of her, so why should she care. Gossiping about her won't feed her stomach nor will it feed theirs.



