###Alpha 1
Natalia’s POV 
The dream felt so real. In it, I let out a moan as he sensually placed his hands on me, breaking our kiss. His electrifying touch sent waves of desire cours 
His breath hungrily grazed my earlobe, sending shivers down my spine. But then, in a deep, chilling voice, he said, “Never.” 
I gasped, and my eyes flung open. I was alone in the room. 
It had been two years since I married Adrian Miller, the future alpha of the Crystal Blood Pack. During our two years together, I had tried and failed to win 
I heaved a sigh, sat slowly, and yawned. Then I looked at the clock, and my mouth dropped open. 
“Shit! I’m going to be late.” I hastily went to the bathroom to take a shower and get ready for my monthly checkup with Doctor Harold Reid at the pack hospital. After quickly putting myself togeth 
I loved my husband dearly, despite that our marriage wasn’t perfect. I always hoped that we could have a child, too, and that maybe, with 
a child, Adrian would come home more often. 
**** 
At the hospital, nerves engulfed me as Doctor Reid completed his examination, drawing the blood for the test himself. He left the room afterward, saying he’d r the results soon. 
As I waited, I resolved to divorce Adrian and put an end to my loveless marriage if I wasn’t pregnant this time. 
However, Dr. Reid returned with a smile. “Congratulations!” he exclaimed. 
My mouth dropped. “Really?” I stroked my stomach before naively asking. “There’s a baby?” 
“Babies,” he replied. 
My eyebrows drew together, and I couldn’t contain my grin. 
“Twins,” he confirmed. 
Tears welled and then rolled down my cheeks as joyous slashes of happiness. 
“But I advise you to be careful,” Dr. Reid said. “Your uterine walls. that you have are extremely thin. 
His unexpected words sobered me completely taken aback. The realization hit me that he shouldn’t have said that, and suddenly, a wave of fear for my child 
“I’ll take care of myself,” I said, then thanked him before leaving the hospital, wearing a smile once again.
At least until I returned home. 
There, I found Adrian with his new lover, Lynda, seated together on 
a couch in the living room. I stopped short. Lynda as she was crying, and he was gently comforting her. Seeing him so gentle with her, I was consumed w 
Adrian’s anger–filled eyes shifted to me. He yelled, “How dare you come back! How dare you bully Lynda!” 
“What? What are you talking about?” 
His expression became more ferocious. “Oh, please. You make me sick.” 
Unable to bear further humiliation any longer, and not wanting to shed tears in front of another woman, I covered my mouth and scurried to my bedroom 
heart. 
But I’d been wrong to hope. With my thumb, I stroked the bold characters on the divorce agreement and whispered to myself, “He will never mark me as his mate. He will always humiliate 
Ο ση 
choice but through with it for the sake of my children.” 
I wiped my tears, signed the paper, then sat on the bed and stared blankly, trying to absorb what I’d just done. 
After a few moments, Adrian threw the bedroom door open violently thrown open. 
I shoved the agreement into the drawer and stood. “Ad–Adrian,” I said in alarm, while watching him turn the lock. 
“I noveldrama
Before I could say anything more, he strode to me and pushed me onto the bed. “Do you think you’re going to be the luna of this pack?” 
I tried to squirm away from me, but he locked my hands over my head. 
“Don’t forget how you set me up to marry 
in the first place.” He 
began to undress me. Despite being held by his powerful arms, I resisted and yelled. 
“No!” I yelled, working to resist him. “Please stop!” 
Roughly, he kissed my neck. “You stop! Stop pretending! This is 
what you asked for, and you ruined my life.”
As the weight of his accusation settled, I halted my movements and met his gaze. “Then let’s get a divorce.” 
###Alpha 2
Adrian froze at the word divorce. Then he heard me. He moved his head away from my neck and peered at me. “Do you even know what you are saying 
As he did so, I brought my hands close to my front body. 
He stared at me, waiting for my answer, I brought my hands to the front of my body, then looked for any sign of discomfort in his expression. His question had made me wonder whether or not he was at all hurt by it. But the look in his eyes said I was wrong to wonder. He was a mighty alpha within 
I burst into tears and repeated, “Let’s get a divorce.” 
Deep lines formed between his thick brows. “Boring,” dismissively as he moved away from my body and rose from the bed. “You’re nothing but a nuisanc 
I struggled to get up. “I’m not kidding. I’m serious.” To show him just how serious, I opened the drawer and pulled out the agreement. 
“What’s are those?” he asked with a grimace. 
I handed him the papers. “I’ve signed them, so I am no longer your wife.” 
Adrian snatched them from me, took a quick glance, then threw them aside. Grabbing me by the neck. 
With a clenched jaw, he glared at me with a clenched jaw. 
I tried to get myself away from him, pulling at his arms, but he 
tightened his hold on my neck. In silence, we struggled, the tension between us escalating, the tight grip of his hand and the unyielding pressure on my n 
He gritted his teeth and muttered, “What do you take me for?” he asked through gritted teeth. “Do you think you can do whatever you want?” 
As I attempted to settle myself down. “I will leave the Crystal Blood Pack,” I said, my voice breaking. 
His hand moved from my neck to my jaw, and the slash of his mouth morphed into a devilish smirk, one that had the power to shake people to their very 
I looked into his hate– filled eyes. I was the only person he despised, and he had another woman, too. So why question me? If he wanted to remain with her, why not just relea 
I could see hatred in his eyes. I was the only person he despised. He had no feelings for me in his heart. These past two years were nightmare for me; I 
Even though I was aware that he did not love me, I continued to harbor the hope that he would eventually return to his wife or at least understand her lov 
“I–I was in this marriage because I thought one day we would have a happy family with our childr-” 
“Children?” He glared at me. “How could you even think like this? I would allow you to carry my heir, you foolish woman? Quit your daydreaming about s noveldrama
Shocked, I couldn’t help but gape. I knew then that I couldn’t let him know about my pregnancy. My babies would be mine alone. I would. bring them up w 
“What” he asked, pressing his fingers firmly against my jaw. “Cat
caught your tongue?” 
I gathered up courage and said, “Why don’t you sign the papers?” 
His eyes grew shadowy, yet blazed at the same time. “You think I won’t sign?” 
I stared at him, jutting my chin against his hand in defiance, though. my heart raced so quickly that it quivered. Deep down, I wanted him to reconsider o 
Instead, he released his grip on my jaw and took a step back. Then he snorted and snatched up the papers he’d discarded. Grabbing the pen off my nig 
My eyes moved from his hand to his face. There was no sign of regret there, only indifference. 
Though I’d had the papers drafted, I never imagined such 
indifference or the emptiness I’d experience as a result. Pain seared through my heart as though he’d pierced it with needles. It was a searing pain. 
How could he feel nothing while disconnecting someone from hist life who had always shown so much care for him? Did I love him less? Was my love no 
As if his indifference weren’t enough, he casually tossed the divorce. papers to the floor. He then reached into his wallet, he pulled out at bank card, and 
My eyes welled, and a tear fell silently as he turned and left the 
+15 BOHUS 
room. I lowered my head. 
I had been used. So utterly used. His words echoed in my mind, each syllable reminding me of his betrayal. I had given him my heart and trust. In return 
convenience. 
The sharp edge of the card cut into my palm. I stared at it and then the floor, unsure how long I had been lost in thought, every memory of the time we’d spent together flooding back into my mind. Slowly, I slowly placed my hand on my stomach and said, “I am sorry. I have to take you both away from 
This time, I placed the bank card and placed it on the nightstand, then packed a suitcase, all the while wiping away tears. 
He’d made fun of my love. He’d used me for “bed service.” 
“I will never forget that, Adrian Miller,” I said as I closed the latch on the b
###Alpha 3
Adrian’s POV 
I sat brooding amid loud bar music and colorful mist. “How dare she prepare the divorce papers?” I muttered to myself while staring at the drink before m 
I felt that Natalia was not only a really dull woman, but a wicked person. I could still vividly recalled the details of the events that led up to our marriage. S first birthday, and she’d drugged me. I woke next to her in a hotel bed the following 
must be Natalia who did that. 
e and I unda it 
I hated her from that day forth, especially after my father demanded that I had to marry her. 
She had to have begged my father to marry me, too. Seeing how she was the daughter of a gamma, she had no chance to be the pack’s luna otherwise didn’t give it a second thought before he sacrificed his own son’s life. Worse, he’d blackmailed me about my future position as alpha to force me into mar 
To think she set me up with the intention of sleeping with me. That evening was the night of my twenty– first birthday. At such a tender age, that woman could formulate plots and trap me like that at such a tender age. 
Although I slept with Natalia, I never felt any bond with her either, despite that we’d slept together. It was why I had never marked her. Not to mention tha 
What was odd was that my wolf had surprising affection for Natalia, despite that she didn’t possess a wolf of her own. 
Regardless, P’d been lucky. Fate had allowed me to meet another woman, one named Lynda, who was both sexy and beautiful. Event better, after askin 
One day, I had learned she was the little girl who’s saved me as a child. She was working on saving ne once again now. She had heard about the divorc 
I felt her hand on my lap and turned to her. 
She pressed her body against mine and said, “Don’t worry. That woman doesn’t deserve you. Be with me. I’ll always stay beside you.” She moved back 
I took her offered hand and followed her way through the crowd until she stopped in front of a door that led to one of the bar’s private couch filled rooms. 
behind us. 
Her alluring figure made me want to take her right then, so I shoved her onto a couch, getting ready to do just that. But my wolf frantically stopped me. ‘N 
His insistence perplexed me. If you don’t want Lynda because she is not our mate, then why do you want that wolfless woman?‘ I asked him in anger. 
He ignored my question, instead saying, ‘I will take control if you insist on doing this.” 
That wasn’t something I could risk, so I sighed and lifted myself off of Lynda. 
“What’s wrong?” she asked, frowning. 
“You’re a pure woman,” I said, patting her hand. “I don’t want to ruin you. Wait for the right time.” 
It was an excuse, but what else could I say? noveldrama
*** 
A short while later, I left the bar, frustrated with my life being dictated by both my father and my wolf. After a ride home with my driver constantly glancing 
was so badly wanted to take all my wrath out on her. So I launched. myself out of the car, slammed the door, and stormed over to her. She noticed me a 
“Where are you going?” I asked in demand, while eyeing her 
suitcase. 
“I told you.” 
“Told me what?” I roared at her. 
She shuddered. 
So feeble. If the sound of my human voice was too much for her to take, what would she do if I used my alpha voice? 
“I’m leaving your house and your pack as well,” she said. 
I snorted. Who was she kidding? How could she leave without the head Alpha and Luna’s permission from my father and mother, the head alpha and lun 
She averted her gaze from me like a scaredy cat. 
“Coward woman. You have nowhere to go. Who will dare to give 
shelter to their future alpha’s divorced wife? No one! You’re still a member of this pack. If you have the audacity to cross the boundary, you’ll be killed by wolves.” 
She began crying false tears. With a snide look of derision, I brushed by her, heading for the house, intent on leaving her outside alone. But as I was about to cross the threshold, the sounds of sobbing stopped. Curious, I turned and saw her crum 
###Alpha 4
Natalia’s POV 
When I opened my eyes, I found myself in a hospital cabin. The last thing I recalled was a discomfort in my stomach. Panicked, I sat up and put my hand 
“Don’t worry.” Dr. Reid’s voice met my years. “Your babies are totally fine. 
As I turned my head to see him scanning what looked like reports. 
“D–did Adrian bring me here?” I inquired about him. noveldrama
He placed the papers on the tiny table that was located close to the bed, then turned to approach me. “Yes, but he’s already gone.” 
“Does he know?” I asked, trying not to let terror come through in my voice. 
“Not if you didn’t tell him.” 
I exhaled, and my body relaxed. However, at that moment, at thought occurred to me. 
Doctor Ried was the chief physician at the pack hospital. So, he close to Adrian in some way. In the future, he would be likely to share the news of my c 
“Dr. Ried, can I request something of you?” 
“Of course.” 
“Please, don’t tell Adrian about my babies.” 
His eyebrows lifted. “You haven’t said anything to him yet?” 
“No, and I will never will.” 
“But, Natalia, they’re Adrian’s heirs. The future of this pa-” 
Was 
“No. He’ll never accept them, which means I need to shield them from him. I’m begging you, if you want to keep them safe, please don’t tell him.” 
He remained silent for a long, unsettling moment, and I couldn’t read his expression. But then he nodded with a furrowed brow, looking worried for me. “A 
I shook my head. “I’m going to leave the pack.” 
His eyes widened before he reigned in his shock. “But that means you’ll turn into a rogue. That’s risky to do so.” 
“Yes, but I have no choice.” 
He shook his head. “Natalia, given the current circumstances, you must proceed with extreme caution.”
“I know. But it’s better than being here in danger and pain.” 
Shortly after my discussion with Dr. Ried, I left the pack hospital. Since Adrian was the one who brought me there, I looked for his car: He’d given it to me to use over the years. But I couldn’t locate it. I was also unable to call a cab without my phone. Thankfully, I eventually spotted one an 
When I instructed the driver to take me to the pack house, I noticed a hint of fear shone in his eyes. “Pack house?” he questioned. skeptically, obviously 
Undeterred, I politely reiterated my request. 
When the cab arrived at the pack house’s central gate, the security guards halted the velficle and started inspecting it. To my surprise, they bowed upon realizing it was me. The cabbie was taken aback as well. 
A moment later, they opened the central gate. With excitement in 
15 BONUS. 
his eyes, the cabbie drove inside the long driveway to the palace– like pack house that belonged to Alpha Adrian’s parents. I knew how he felt. Early on, I had felt that way as well. It was a dream come true for every mem like pack house at least once. I couldn’t believe I’d be leaving that dream location soon. 
After the cab stopped, security guards who were standing there hurried to the entrance to open the car door for me. It wasn’t until then that I realized I had no money. One of the guards settled the fare, and I expressed my gratitude before proceeding into the house. 
Inside, the servants inside looked at me and bowed, then offered me a seat in the living room. 
“Where is Alpha Adrian?” I asked. “Please call him and tell him I need to talk with him. It’s urgent.” 
She went upstairs to call Alpha. 
As I waited, Alpha Adrian’s father, Alpha Lucas Miller, confidently descended the stairs. A strapping man in his late forties, he looked strong enough to ru 
I stood up and bowed. “Alpha.” 
He was none other than Alpha Lucas Miller. 
Alpha Miller had never failed to treat me with kindness. He frequently expressed his admiration for my generosity and the exceptional management skills 
“My dear Natalia, why do you look so downtrodden? Did Adrian bully you again? I will scold that rascal today,” he said in a ripe rage 
tone. 
“We’re getting divorced each other, Alpha,” I said to circumvent any action he might take. 
His eyes widened. I could understand. Surely, this wasn’t news he 
expected.
Members were required to see both Alpha and Luna only if they needed to dissolve their connection with the pack, so I said, “And I need Luna here too.”
###Alpha 5
A servant went to find Luna Grace Miller was approaching me. 
It appeared she was in the garden. Alpha Lucas and I waited in the sitting room. A short while later, Luna Grace entered, the epitome of both elegance a and her battle prowess was widely known and lauded. ? 
Initially, she was not happy with having me, a woman who did not have a wolf, as a mate for Adrian. She had behaved cooly toward me and expressed h law, which meant I hated have to say the words I uttered next. noveldrama
‘I want to leave the pack.” 
Shock raced across Luna’s face before she reined in the expression of her outward emotions. “What happened, Natalia?” she asked. with concern in he 
Before I could answer, Alpha Miller cut in. “I promise he will apologize to you today. Don’t do anything in a hurry.” 
They didn’t seem to understand that Adrian never had any desire to be with me. In fact, he had brought up the subject of our divorce to them on multiple 
In agreement with her husband, Luna Grace nodded. 
But I smiled at them Bitterly. “I’ve always listened to you both. This is the first time I’ve asked for something. Let me leave. Please. It’s better for me and 
I wished I could tell them about my babies. As their future. grandparents, they had the right to know. But I had no option. Their son was not someone in w want any children to be born by me. Thus, I was unable to take the chance. 
In an effort to conceal my emotions, I took a deep breath. 
In reaction, Luna Grace shifted her gaze to Alpha Lucas. 
He shook his head, then turned his attention to me. “What about your family?” he asked, referring to my foster father, who was his gamma. “You should b 
I shook my head, terrified about him contacting my father. He would never let me leave the pack. But I wanted to leave, needed to leave. and raise my children elsewhere. 
“I’ll start a new life outside,” I replied. 
“Like a rogue?” Alpha asked, his tone both serious and concerned. 
I nodded. All I knew about rogues was that they didn’t belong to any of the packs. But I had no one here, and I had to protect my babies, so what choice did I have? 
Alpha Lucas shook his head again, deep lines forming on his brow.” Please reconsider, Natalia.” 
My mind wandered back to the time when Adrian signed the papers. If he didn’t reconsider, then why would I? 
“I’m sorry, Alpha. I’ve made up my mind.” 
The lines on his face deepened, and he let out a sigh of resignation. He had done everything in his power to bring his son to the
realization that I was his best choice, and I appreciated all his efforts. But Adrian had been stubborn, and now it had come to this. 
As Alpha Lucas agreed to approve my request, his eyes turned red. Just then, Adrian entered the room. 
“Natalia!” he growled. 
All eyes turned toward him as he approached and grabbed my wrist, pulling me toward him. My body pressed against his hard chest, and the pleasant scent of his cologne fille 
But his expression was anything but pleasant. “You’re provoking my parents against me now?” he sneered in accusation.
###Alpha 6
I looked into Adrian’s hostile eyes, wondering why he despised me so, even after I gave him the opportunity to be free of me. 
“Release her hand,” Alpha Lucas said in a furious tone. 
“But Da-” 
“Shut up!” 
Adrian glared at me, and I averted my eyes. 
Alpha–Lucas continued. “You decided to divorce her without consulting me? Have you forgotten what I told you before you got married?” 
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Adrian’s balled fists. I glanced at him only to see his face filled with rage. 
I could see Adrian fuming with rage and balling his fists. 
“What did you do that she had to take this step?” Luna Grace asked. When Adrian failed to reply, she turned to me. “My dear,” she said, concern etched 
Memories flooded my mind. There had been so many times where I overlooked Adrian’s faults, starting on our wedding night when he poured a bottle of wine on me, showing me what he thought of me. From the beginning, he spoke harsh words, laced with contempt, even calling me names while insisting I would never win his heart. 
That had proven true. Despite all my efforts, he had never treated me like a wife. Our home, our marriage, had always felt like a mere fa?ade. Instead of beha 
So many times, he had accused me of entrapping him, and he had never believed me, no matter how many times I denied it. In reality, I had been also b noveldrama
The following day, I was equally taken aback when I woke naked next to a complete stranger. I hadn’t known he was destined to be the future alpha, eith 
However, I had always heard that he was a very cruel man, and after being married to him for two years, I could confirm the accuracy of that rumor. He h 
So now, I simply needed to get away from him– and get my babies away from him, too. Tears welled in my eyes, and I couldn’t find my voice to answer Luna Grace. 
Alpha Lucas turned to me. “Come to my office,” he said, then stood and headed in that direction. I followed, with Luna Grace by my side. 
When I turned my head to the side, I was surprised to see Adrian trailed behind us. 
Guess he wants to ensure I will no longer remain in the pack. 
Once in Alpha Lucas’s office, he looked at me with his red wolf’s 
eyes. 
I envied him and the other werewolves, wishing I had my own. Without one, I was almost as powerless as a human. I had no idea why I did not have a w because they could shift and had different abilities.
With a deep exhale and pain in his eyes, Alpha Lucas said, “I’m sorry it’s worked out this way.” 
At least I knew he had liked me. At least someone in the pack had. provided me with happy memories, 
He continued, making the official declaration. “I, Lucas Miller, the head Alpha of the Crystal Blood Pack, reject you as a pack member. You have lost all p 
A mere second passed before the pain of the severed bond hit, quickly ratcheting up and spreading throughout my body. Luna Grace held my arm to give me support as my ins 
I didn’t want to cry in front of Adrian, either, didn’t want to give him yet another reason to laugh at me. Though he wore a shocked expression. It seemed 
nothing but complaining to his parents to get him to apologize. He didn’t have to worry about that anymore. 
The moment Alpha Lucas’s words left his mouth, the pain began to ratchet up and spread throughout my entire body. 
I experienced a burning inside. I felt like it was burning my whole body from head to toe. The pain was unbearable. 
I started to feel worried for my babies. I only wanted to save them from pain passed and, as soon as I could, I held my head high and walked out of the p 
No home. No pack. No family. No husband. 
I was all alone once again. 
“I am a rogue now.” 
BIG SALE: 800 bonus free fou you
###Alpha 7
Biting wind beat against my face, and whipped at the folds of my long white dress. I wrapped my arms around myself as I walked, wishing the dress had weather that sent shivers down my spine. No, something deeper and far colder, that resided within me. It was as if my heart had turned to ice, frozen and 
Yet, a heavy pain weighed upon my heart with an unbearable intensity as well. With every step, I could hear Adrain’s words. echoed through my mind. He ha 
The driver of a passing vehicle yelled at me, and I realized I’d wandered into the middle of a road. With no specific destination, emptiness filled me. A rou time resting. Though I wasn’t sure where I would end up, I kept pressing onward. After a long time, my legs grew tired, and I slowed. noveldrama
Then a thorn pierced my foot. “Ahh!” I exclaimed and then dropped to the ground. As I removed the thorn, I could no longer contain my feelings. Tears w 
A branch cracked behind me. Then a series of a sudden, I heard growls sounded. 
“Look at her,” said a man’s voice. “She looks like a young whore. What’s she doing here?” I heard a man’s voice. 
Lwhipped my head around to find several rogues approaching. 
They were rogues! 
“Tuck! She is a beautiful bitch. 
“Catch her!” 
Panic flooded me I jumped to my feet and ran, hearing them scramble to catch up to me. I cried out, then increased my pace to widen the gap between m those dirty men. As I ran, I prayed for my children. 
Their intention was clear. They wanted to rape me. 
‘Where will I go now? How could I save them? 
No time to think. I had to keep going. Branches and thorns assaulted. my arms and legs as I fled. I hissed in pain as spots of blood stained. my white dre 
But then the boundary of another pack appeared ahead. At that moment, it wasn’t just a border, but a hope. I launched myself into a mad dash, hearing t 
A quick glance behind me told me three of the five men had shifted into wolves shift to catch me. The two still in human form, halted the others. 
Then one spoke to me. “Come back to us. Don’t cross that border. There’s a dangerous pack over there. They’ll kill you.” 
As if I would believe them? Besides, what choice did I have? The entire world was full of beasts. A lone woman wasn’t safe anywhere. But I was safer ac 
I turned and continued to bolt, hastily crossing the boundary into the other packs‘ territory. Another quick glance told me my pursuers. hadn’t followed. I f 
done this for my children. 
Crunching sounds met my ears. The border guards must have noticed me and begun their pursuit. As I started to run again, my head spun. A moment la
When I came to, I saw that I was in what appeared to be a hospital room, one I didn’t recognize. Terror engulfed me, and I bolted upright, only to see a h 
“Who are you? Where am I? How are my children?” 
“Your children are fine,” he said. “No need to worry. But how do you feel?” 
“No. First, tell me, who you are and where I am.” 
Placing his hand over mine, he smiled at me and said, “You’re in the confines of the Blue Blood Pack, and I’m Jason Hansley, the pack’s future alpha… and you are my sister.”
###Alpha 8
His answer shocked me. 
“How is that even possible? I am an orphan.” I said to him with a confused face. 
How did I reach this pack and get a family here? I had been told throughout my entire life that I did not have anyone. However, how did it come to pass t 
The young man named Jason looked older than me. I could guess that he was three or four years older than I was, which would put his age somewhere 
His demeanor was impeccable. The way he was conversing with me made me feel a sense of warmth. However, how could I believe that what he was s 
As if he tried to ease my mind a little, he changed the topic and asked me 
“Are you feeling pain anywhere, Jessica?” 
I was dumbfounded. 
Jessica? 
Who was he talking about? 
It made me believe that he caught the wrong person. 
I took his hand away from my head and said, 
“See? I told you that it’s impossible. You mistook me for someone else. I’m sorry to say, but I am not your sister. I am not Jessica. I am Natalia.” 
He stared at me for a while. I made an attempt to withdraw the IV drip from my hand, but he prevented me from doing so by holding 
TAL 
my hand. 
“You have a scar on your arm,” he said to me while gazing at my hand. 
I paused and looked at him. 
“What are you saying? I can’t see any scars. I don’t have any scars on my body…” 
A thought came to my mind that caused me to pause for a brief moment, and then I nodded my head. 
“Yeah, I can have some. I got hurt while I was running through the forest for a long time. So maybe that’s why.” 
I tried to explain to him that he was wrong. 
But then, I was surprised that those wounds did not leave any scars on my body.
How did they vanish in a few hours? noveldrama
I turned my head to look at him with a bewildered expression on my face. 
“H–How did they heal?” 
He shook his head. “Relax.” 
“No! How can I be relaxed? I don’t understand how my wounds can heal so quickly, as if they had never been in my body before.” I said while examining my right leg. I was checking the wound where the thorn pierced my feet. 
But there were no traces at all! 
“You have great healing powers, so no scars can be seen on the qutside. But I can see that, including the scar on your arm.” 
I appeared to be shocked. I turned silent. 
-15 BONUS 
‘Is this young man telling me the truth? Am I really his biological sister?‘ I thought. Everything was too much for me to take. 
Suddenly, he spoke out, 
“I am going to call Mom and Dad.” 
My eyes widened as my heart started to race. 
“M–Mom and D–Dad?” As tears streamed down her face, I stumbled over my words. 
I had never thought in my life that my real parents were still alive and I could ever get a chance to meet them. 
Jason wiped my tears and hugged me. When he hugged me, I had the feeling of being at home. 
“We had all been searching for you for so long. You don’t have any idea how happy they will be.” 
As I came to the realization that he was really my brother, I gave him a hug in return, and then I sobbed in his arms. As he ran his fingers. over my hair, h being. He asked me what had happened to me. 
He wanted to know where I was all these years and how I got pregnant. 
I lowered my head and replied, 
“I divorced my husband.” 
“Who’s your ex–husband?” He asked me. 
“Adrian Miller.” 
Hearing me caused his brows to furrow. My assumption was that he might be familiar with Adrian because he was going to be the Alpha of his pack in th
“Tell me how all of this happened. I want to know everything about your life.” 
I told him everything. I could not stop my tears and cried in front of him. 
“Sorry, baby, they’ll pay for this,” he promised me. 
“Brother, please.” 
“No. The Alpha family will bear ten times what they did to you,” he said in anger. 
I refused and requested him. 
“For my children’s sake, don’t do anything. I don’t want Adrian to know I have his children.” 
He was quiet for some time to lessen his fury. However, then he replied, 
“Okay, I won’t do anything. 
But you have to reclaim your position as the Alpha’s daughter.” 
D
###Alpha 9
Adrian’s POV 
I believed that Natalia would regret leaving me. She would come back home very soon. 
So I did not care much after returning home. 
I was in a bad mood. Because after Natalia left the pack house, Dad scolded me a lot. 
I was furious at her. I just waited for tomorrow morning when she would return here hopelessly. I just wanted to see her face at that time. 
That night, I had a dream. 
I was kidnapped by some bad guys, and then a girl’s voice appeared; she kept calling out to me. She helped him out of danger and healed me with herb the girl was not Lynda, but Natalia! 
As I jolted awake from my dream, I sat up straight. 
In reality, it was a nightmare about my memories from the past. 
When I was a child, my father had to protect me from everyone since we had enemies everywhere. Due to the fact that I was my father’s only successor and would be the one to run the pack after him, the Alphas of other packs intended to kill me. 
However, once, I was kidnapped by one of my father’s rivals. 
I had not yet moved on from that experience, so I was able to recall it in my dream. 
After taking a look out the window, I became aware that it was already quite late in the morning 
“I never woke up so late before,” I muttered. 
What I saw in my dream was impossible. Because it was Lynda who was the one who helped me. 
But Natalia, that woman had messed up my mind. I would punish her when she returned. 
I did not waste time and went to take a shower. 
When I came out of the bathroom, I was prepared to retrieve my suit from the couches. But I did not notice any clothes lying on the couch. 
“NATALIA” 
I yelled her name to ask her why she hadn’t taken out my clothes yet. I was already late. 
But then I froze. 
She was not here.
Taking a suit out of the closet, I changed into it. My gaze landed on the nightstand, more precisely on a card that had been placed there. ‘She didn’t take 
After that, I walked to the living room and summoned all of the 
servants. 
“Where is Natalia?” I asked them while sitting at the table. 
Amanda was preparing the table for me. She bowed to me and said, “Luna left yesterday and never came back.” 
I was angry after hearing that. I turned to my guards and ordered, 
Check all of the security cameras that are located on the roads that are close to the pack house.” 
After that, I did not touch food as I lost my appetite. 
An hour later, the guards came to me and said, “We managed the footage of her going to the forest area.” 
Numerous times, I had watched the footage in question. Before 
approaching the forest, she appeared to be disoriented as she stood in the middle of the road. 
It made me so angry that I suddenly turned my attention away from the screen of my laptop and flung it to the ground. 
I began to panic, wondering how Natalia, a nobody, could have managed to escape the pack so successfully. 
Many days had passed. 
And there was not a single sign of Natalia that could be found in my pack. 
When I asked about their daughter, her stepparents clearly stated that she was just adopted and that they no longer had any 
connection with her. 
Ever since Natalia left, my headaches had been acting up. I had to take medication in order to maintain my sanity. 
From that point on, I couldn’t stop thinking about her. 
One day, I had lunch at home and realized that the food tasted much. worse than before. To find out if the cook had been replaced, I called. Amanda to a 
Amanda replied with an upset face that there had been no change of cook. So I furiously asked her, 
“If the chef hasn’t changed, then why has the food become so bad?” 
“Because you had all your meals cooked by your wife, Natalia herself before.” 
I was surprised, I didn’t know this.
She was cooking for me? I thought it was the chef who could prepare such delicious food. I even paid him double because of that? 1 rationalized in my m 
Amanda spoke out as if she could read my thoughts and added, 
“She always liked to prepare meal for you. She once said she loved to do things for you. Even if she knew there was no surety that you would come bac 
1 ignored Amanda’s words and left the dining table in anger. 
Another day, I was in a hurry to go to my company. But I could not find my tie. I called the butler to ask about it. 
“Only Luma knows about it,” the butler replied. 
As a result of my intense anger, I dialed Natalia on her phone number. 
But Natalia did not answer the phone; it was the first time Natalia didn’t answer my calls. 
I started to feel strange. No, I had never experienced that before, 1 had an overwhelming need to locate her. 
I called the beta of my pack, Patrie Solberg. He was one of my closest friends. He would remain the beta of this pack when I took the Alpha’s position. 
I called him and stated, 
“I want to know who fier friends or her real parents are. She may be with them.” 
Beta Patric tried his best to find out about it. But he called me back with a disappointed tone. 
“No one knows any of her friends of her real parents.” 
1 was feeling frustrated. I scolded that woman in my mind. What was she thinking about herself? 
Every day, my wolf was assigning blame to me. His assumption was that I was the one who had moved her away from us. 
Exactly what was going on with me was a mystery to me. 
I could not sleep, eat, or work properly. 
One day, Beta Patric came to meet me at my house. I thought he had any news of Natalia. But he came to discuss pack business, which lost all of my in noveldrama
Patric chuckled while looking at me. 
“Adrian, are you regretting letting Natalia go?” 
His question stunned me, but I responded right away. 
“No.”
###Alpha 10
Adrian’s POV 
During these days, after Natalia left the pack, I slept in the apartment that belonged to the pack company. 
I did not know why, but I felt no desire to return to the house. 
Today was a visiting day with my father. So I drove my car to the pack house. 
When I entered the pack house, I saw my father strolling back and forth in the living room. 
He did not look like he was in a very good mood. I approached him, even though I was unable to determine the cause of his utterly depressed state of mind. 
“Dad,” I uttered. 
He looked at me and asked, 
“Why do you get drunk every day?” 
I was silent. I didn’t give a damn. 
It was not necessary for me to respond to each and every question. 
By blackmailing me over something that was rightfully mine from the start, he was the one who destroyed my life. 
My life would have been different if I had not paid attention to him and not married Natalia two years ago. 
When my father noticed that I was remaining silent, his eyes became more gloomy. He ordered me, 
“Come to my room.” 
Ahead of him, I followed him. During that 
+ 15 BONUS 
quietly looking at us. I was going to ask her what had happened, but 1 refrained from doing so. Since I was going with my father, I knew that he would de 
I entered my parent’s room and looked around. 
After closing the door, my father asked, 
“I heard you were going to marry Lynda.” 
My leg paused. I frowned upon hearing that. I did not make any commitments to anyone that I would get married. I had no idea who was responsible for 
However, Lynda was deserving of being with me. Because of her, I was what I was today. For this reason, I believe that marrying her would not be the wrong choice for me in the future. 
“Why are you silent? Are you really going to marry that evil woman? 
” 
He referred to Lynda as the evil one, and I grimaced in response to his question. What could I say to him that would make him realize that she was the o 
However, I did not wish to give an explanation, so I just inquired, What’s wrong if I want to marry Lynda?” 
My father growled at me. His eyes turned red as he punched me. 
I became so angry that I clenched my fists. The fact that he was my father was the only reason I was able to keep my composure. 
If there was another person who had the audacity to punch me, hand would have already been broken by that point. 
My father started to scold me. 
“I chose the perfect woman for you. She took care of you for two years. But what did you do? You divorced that innocent woman. 
his 
Now, what do you want? Do you want to marry that homewrecker?” 
“Dad, please.” 
‘Please? For what? You ought to have told me this when I was breaking the pack bond with Natalia. I would have appreciated it. That poor girl had to lea 
His words forced me to think that if I had stopped my father that day, would she not have left? 
When I left the pack house, I was filled with annoyance as I drove back to my own home. 
The moment that I walked into my house, I noticed a woman dressed in a white dress. 
My legs froze. Her back was facing me. 
‘Natalia?‘ I thought. noveldrama
“So you came back.” I said it with sarcasm. 
The woman turned around and smiled broadly as she greeted me with a happy expression on her face. 
“Adrian, you’re back?” 
I was taken aback. “It’s you!” 
I was stunned to see Lynda. And what she was wearing was Natalia’s dress. 
“What’s wrong? You don’t want to see me?” Lynda asked as she approached me.
I frowned at her. “Why are you wearing Natalia’s dress?” 
She looked nervous when I asked the question. 
“I accidentally spilled my coffee when I came here. I’m just borrowing a dress. She can’t be that petty, can she?” 
When I looked at the white dress that Lynda was wearing, I couldn’t help but feel irritated. Although I was unsure of the reason, I did not 
like it. 
Lynda put her hands around my neck and brought her face closer to mine. 
Just as her lips were about to make contact with mine, my thoughts immediately went back to the way Natalia looked when she was wearing this dress. 
I couldn’t help but push Lynda away. 
Lynda appeared to be taken aback by the push. 
I glared at her and said, 
“Next time, don’t wear her dress; it doesn’t suit you.” 
Lynda froze for a moment. She lowered her head and nodded. 
I could see tears rolling down her cheeks. It looked like I scared her. 
But I did not care. Nobody ever had the right to have that kind of impact on me. 
However, for some reason, I was affected. I did not know what, but I felt irritated. 
I did not like it. Whenever I tried to get closer to Lynda, the image of Natalia’s face kept popping into my head. 
Why? 
By the end of each day, my mind was nothing but a muddle. That woman was pissing me off, even though she was absent from my life. 
“I’ll wait for you at the bar tonight. I heard Lynda. 
1 turned my head toward her. My eyes fell on her bare arm. On her right arm, she had a scar. I could not stop looking at that scar while thinking about those days when Lynda risked her life to save me. 
I heaved a sigh and felt regret for the way I had acted just now. 
I should not be so rude to Lynda, who saved my life. 
I walked to her and took her right hand in mine. Immediately, she turned her head and hugged me.
I hugged her back despite the fact that I had no feelings for her. 
She loved me, so I could not just use her with my different moods. She was an important woman. I had to take care of her in every situation. 
I broke the hug and replied, 
“See you at the bar tonight.”
###Alpha 11
FIVE YEARS LATER 
Natalia’s POV 
“Come here. Don’t run faster. You’ll get hurt.” I said to my children. with a wide smile on my face. 
The sight of my son, Noah, falling to the ground caused my smile to fade away. 
“Mom, it hurts.” My daughter, Aria, spoke out. 
Even though Noah was the one who was hurt, Aria appeared to be in a state of sadness because she had a deep love for her brother. 
In a hurry, I went to Noah and gave him a hug. He was very strong. Though he got hurt, he didn’t cry a little bit. 
“I am okay, Aria,” he said with a gentle tone. 
As I looked at my twins, I couldn’t help but smile once again. 
It brought me great joy to take my twins for a walk in the woods. I have had a wonderful time at the Blue Blood Pack these past few years. 
It was my real family that helped me recover so well. 
At this point, I was on the verge of forgetting the pain that I had experienced in the past. 
Away from the vicious Crystal Blood Pack’s brutal current Alpha and the reprimands of the haughty Gamma, I started to enjoy my life. 
To my surprise, my wolf showed up on the day that I gave birth to the twins! 
The fact that my wolf was a massive black wolf was something I had 
never imagined. It turned out that actually did have Alpha blood. 
The previous state of my mental health in the Crystal Blood Pack was the reason why I was unable to shift in the past. That was why my wolf could not s 
“Uncle Eric, come play with us,” Aria exclaimed with an upbeat tone. as soon as she noticed a man approaching us. 
As soon as I turned around, my gaze was drawn to Eric. In the Blue Blood Pack, he held the position of Beta. He was a really handsome. guy, more fetc 
In the majority of cases, the maids engage in gossip regarding the two closest friends. Eric was always considered to be more captivating than Jason, fo 
“My babies, come to Uncle Eric. Hurry!” he said. 
They ran to him and he started to tickle them. They began to laugh. I watched them play together. 
Maybe Eric was not more handsome than Adrian, but unlike Adrian, he was a gentleman.
Throughout the years, Eric had been very kind to me, but I was not ready for a new relationship. Even though my wolf had a lot of affection for his wolf, I 
When Noah and Aria got tired, we went back to the pack house. 
I saw my brother, Jason, talking with someone on his phone. He noticed us and gave us a nod to stay there. 
When he was done talking on the phone, he looked at me and said, 
“In a few days, there will be a big party held by the werewolf council. You are also invited, and I hope you can attend this big event with 
Eric.” 
“No, brother, I don’t want to go,” I fefused him. 
He frowned at me. “Natalia, what’s wrong? How can you not go 
there? Everyone wants to meet you. You have to represent our pack 
there.” 
I was silent, as my answer was still no. He thought for a moment. and said, 
“You have always wanted to meet the great Doctor Max, haven’t you? This time, he will be there too. You can ask him any questions you have about me 
When I heard that, my face lightened up. I had always wanted to be a great healer. 
Max Harrison was the best doctor in the Blood Moon Pack, and I would be thrilled to gain knowledge from him. 
“Only because of him,” I said to my brother, who winked at Eric for 
no reason. noveldrama
However, I was happy that I could meet Doctor Max. So I agreed to attend the party. 
“But I have a condition,” I spoke out. 
“What?” Both Jason and Eric asked me together. 
“I want to keep my identity out of the public eye.” 
“What, why? They asked about you and specially invited you.” Jason sighed. 
“Please. I don’t want Adrian to know about me at the moment in case he will also be there.” I explained it to him. 
Though I almost forgot that pain, I did not forget the one who gave me it. I did not forget a single thing. 
The only thing I wanted was to ignore that man if we ever happened to cross paths with each other. I just hoped that I would be able to act as if he were 
I went through a lot of changes over the course of these years, including changes to my personality.
But Adrian Miller had also changed 
It had been three years since his father handed over the position to him. From then on, he ran the pack as he wished. 
He was responsible for elevating the status of his pack to such a high level that it was ranked top among ours. 
The Crystal Blood Pack had never seen this success that Adrian. brought in three years. 
Having attained the status of the most eligible Alpha, he had become the center of desire for every woman and the cause of envy for every 
man. 
He knew how to stay calm when it was about business. Every Alpha was eager to be in his good books and get his alliance. 
People called him the most ruthless Alpha. There were stories of hist cruelty and ruthlessness. 
Well, who could know better about it than me? 
“Natalia?” 
Just as I was getting lost in my thoughts, Eric called out my name. 
“Hmm?” 
The temperature in the room dropped to a more chilly level. After giving Eric a quick glance, Jason turned his attention back to me. 
“Do you both agree with me?” I asked them. 
“Okay, as you wish, my little sister,” Jason replied, hugging me. I smiled at him in return. 
My children caught my attention as they were giggling loudly while running around the house. 
I stared at them and thought, 
‘I have to protect you both from your father. Even if it means concealing my identity for the rest of my life, I will do it.”
###Alpha 12
Natalia’s POV 
At long last, the day of the party that the werewolf commeil had been planning had arrived. 
I was experiencing a great deal of anxiety on the inside. During these five years, I attended quite a few parties; nevertheless, most of them were held wit 
Here, we had to face so many new people, one of whom I did not wish to see again. 
“Shall we enter, my lady?” 
I turned my head to my right side to see Eric. As he approached me, he extended his arm. In response, I nodded my head and placed my hand on top of 
other’s hands. 
The various powers that were present in the hall, as well as the decoration that was inside the hall, left me in a state of awe. 
It appeared as though a large number of head Alpha and Luna had arrived to take part in the party. 
And why not? It was not just a party but a conference of werewolf council. 
I held Eric’s hand tightly and let out a long, deep breath. 
‘I can do it.‘ I said to myself. 
I could see the entire hall filled with wealthy people who had come to show off their wealth to each other. 
The women wore lavish gowns created by well–known designers, and the men wore pricey handmade suits. 
In addition to that, I was wearing a very expensive black satin gown that my brother had chosen for me. 
The gazes of a lot of people were drawn to Eric and me. There were men staring at me, but I chose to ignore them. There were young women who seem 
We were the center of almost everyone’s attention. 
Eric introduced me to a few council members. In comparison to other packs, he was a well– known beta. In the view of the members of the council, he had an exceptionally good reputation. It made me delighted to see that he was being recogniz 
“I can’t believe we are seeing you, Natalia Hansley. We only heard about you all these years.” One of the council members said to me. 
I responded with a smile and said, “I am delighted to be able to attend the party. I am grateful that you invited me.” 
“We would love to introduce you to every-” 
“Sorry to interrupt you, sir. But would you mind if I made a request of you?” I asked them.
They exchanged glances with one another and then made a move with their heads to proceed. 
Eric pulled me behind and asked in my ears. “What’s in your mind, Nat?” 
I simply shook my head to let him know that there was no need for him to be concerned about anything. 
“I want you all to hide my identity from everyone.” 
They looked stunned. “What do you mean?” One of them asked. 
“I don’t want others to know who I am.” 
“But why?” 
“I have my own reasons.” noveldrama
The moment they heard me, they gave me a nod of their heads. 
“We see. She is a hard nut to crack.” They said this to Eric and started to chuckle. 
Eric glanced at them and joined them in laughter. I looked at him. I mind linked him and asked, 
“Why are you all laughing?” 
“I don’t know. They were laughing, so I decided to join in. You should keep up the act. They are council members, remember?” 
I laughed sheepishly as I was feeling dumbfounded. 
‘Did they think I have something for Eric?‘ I thought and shook my head. 
Eric was talking about our pack to the council members since my brother, the current head Alpha, could not come to talk to them. 
I excused myself and walked to a corner. One of the waiters offered me a glass of champagne, and I took a few sips from it. 
My eyes roamed throughout the hall. They were observing all the new faces. 
At that time, an angry voice appeared from behind me. 
“Natalia, what are you doing here?” 
Upon turning around, I saw two women. I was able to identify them quite accurately. It turned out that they were members of the Crystal Blood Pack, who 
“Excuse me?” I asked. 
They looked at me provocatively and scoffed.
“We thought you were dead. But you are still alive!” 
Suddenly, the atmosphere in the hall turned silent. I could sense the presence of a very powerful someone entering the hall. Those 
women also felt the same way. Despite this, they did not care about. it and continued to mock me. 
“She is right. I mean, after being dumped by Alpha Adrian, how can you still be alive?” Another woman said. 
I could not look at others and refocused on those women. 
“Done?” I asked with a disturbed tone. 
As soon as they realized that I was ignoring their mockery, they became very agitated. 
What did they think? I would respond to them? No way. I would never give these women attention, who were nothing but clout chasers. 
“It looks like you don’t have any shame. Did you forget that you are not a Luna anymore? Or are you here to plan to gain our Alpha’s attention again?” An 
I frowned at them. “Just shut up your nonsense and leave me alone, “I told them with a furious tone. 
They looked surprised when I shot back. They got angry at me. 
With her hand up, one of them was getting ready to strike me. grabbed her hand. 
But I 
However, my eyes fell behind the woman, and they froze at someone. 
A man was standing there in a black handmade tailor suit, as always 
captivating 
I realized why the hall turned silent a while ago. It was because of him. 
The danger was screaming out of him. His dark eyes, which I almost forgot, were staring at me. 
With just one glance, my entire past came flooding back into my mind. 
“Leave my hand.” I heard the woman’s whimpering. 
When I looked down, I saw that I had grabbed her wrist with too much force. After diverting my attention away from the man, I switched my attention bac 
“I advise you to disguise yourself in front of your Alpha,” I said, letting go of her hand, 
The woman frowned in confusion, but then she turned around. 
Both of the women’s eyes widened. As quickly as they could, they put on an innocent look. They bowed to the man and said, 
“Alpha Adrian”
I sneered at those women and looked at Adrian once again. 
As he looked solemnly at me, he paid no attention to the other 
Women. 
His eyes were full of rage. 
The two women left our side hurriedly in fear of him. 
Just as I was going to move, I noticed that he was approaching with a step. 
“How dare 
+15 A 
His tone was so icy that it clutched my heart. But my wolf responded in a different manner, which surprised me. 
I felt my wolf suddenly become excited. I was very confused but froze when my wolf started to chant. 
“MATE.”
###Alpha 13
Adrian’s POV 
For five years, I had been searching for Natalia, but I had never heard from her. 
I had no idea where she was. No one found any traces of her or the direction she took in the forest when she left this pack. 
“Adrian” 
I heard a voice calling out to me with a soft tone. 
I emerged from my thoughts and turned my attention to the person who was standing at the door of my office room. noveldrama
She walked in with an innocent grin on her face. 
“Lynda,” I uttered and rubbed my forehead. 
She had been with me for the past five years. Three years ago, when my father made me the head Alpha of this pack, she wanted to be my Luna. For th 
Nevertheless, she accepted my decision and conveyed to me that she was not with me out of greed; she only desired to be with me. 
She was a really good woman. Maybe too good for me. 
“Adrian, I heard you are leaving our pack today to attend 
tomorrow’s annual party of the werewolf council, where Alpha and Luna from all the major packs will be attending,” Lynda said. 
I leaned against my chair behind the desk and gave a nod to her. 
“Hmm.” 
I observed her as she lowered her head. I frowned at her and asked, 
“What?” 
“Will you take me this year?” 
I was taken aback by her question. As opposed to being a question, it was more of a request. 
I wanted to say ‘No‘ to her, but then I saw her teary eyes, as she had already understood my answer. 
I could not help but say that I would take her with me. 
“I will.” 
She looked shocked, as if she did not expect that. She rushed to me and bent down. 
“Thank you so much.”
When she was ready to give me a hug, I raised my hand to prevent her from doing so. 
“I have some stuff to do before leaving. So you should go and pack your things now.” 
She nodded her head. She appeared to be a little bit sad. She then turned around and left my office. 
It was not the first time I made an excuse to stay away from her. I did not know why, but I had not slept with Lynda either. 
The next day, 
I arrived at the hall with Lynda, where the party was going on. 
My sole purpose in coming here was to perform the responsibilities that come with being the leader of my pack. 
It was no ordinary party; rather, it was an annual gathering where every pack got together for just the reason of getting acquainted with each other and in 
As soon as I walked into the party, I noticed that everyone’s eyes immediately drove to me, and they immediately became silent. 
As the possessor of that power, I had the ability to shut down even the members of the council. My own efforts were responsible for instilling both fear an 
For the purpose of introducing their families, many Alphas came to 
1. me. 
Most of them came with their daughters. I was not a foolish man. Their intention was not unknown to me. I knew what they were up. to. They hoped that I would marry one of their daughters. The othe 
I ignored them and looked around the hall. To my surprise, someone else drew my attention. 
I was on the verge of losing my calm when I finally found the woman I had been looking for with all my might. 
‘Natalia!‘ 
I was shocked to look at her. 
Suddenly, the woman I had been thinking about for all of these years was standing right in front of me! 
My wolf went crazy as well. I almost forgot about Lynda and rushed. in Natalia’s direction. 
“Adrian?” 
I could hear Lynda calling me. But the woman who captured my 
attention did not allow me to glance at Lynda, despite the fact that I could hear Lynda’s voice coming from behind me. 
My legs were straining toward her, almost as if they were being pulled. 
I came to a halt when I noticed that she was conversing with a few women in my pack.
My eyes were intently scrutinizing her. 
I could not believe that I was seeing her after five years. She had changed a lot. 
In her black satin dress, she looked really hot. The fabric gleamed under the calming light of the hall, highlighting her figure and drawing every eye in her direction. Her presence was magne 
It seemed like her beauty had bloomed in the past five years. Her body had become alluring, which could captivate any man. Every curve and contour se 
Her gaze met mine, and my eyes darkened. She said something to the women, and in response, they turned their attention to me in 
terror. 
My attention was solely focused on her, and I did not care about. them at all. 
I got enraged. Where was she all these years? Why did she not come back to me? Who gave her shelter? 
She was about to leave my side, which made me narrow my eyes. 
Istepped toward her to stop her. 
“How dare you show up?” I asked with a cold tone. It was my anger 
that was asking this question to her. 
As I drew nearer to her, a strange feeling conquered me, causing my heart to quicken its pace within my chest. 
My wolf began to behave strangely. He harbored a burning desire to take over me. With an undeniable longing, he yearned to shift and jumped on Natal 
My wolf growled inside me and said, 
‘Mate!‘
###
Adrian's POV
I was able to observe her eyes widening, which was a sign that she was also experiencing the mate bond.
I could not believe that she was my mate!
She had a wolf!
It came as a greater surprise to me too.
During the time that I was attempting to gather my thoughts, the scent of strawberry reached my nostrils. It was her scent.
My mate's scent!
In a state of bewilderment, I asked my wolf, "Is she my mate?"
Nevertheless, the only thing he did in response to me was to pressure me to give him control.noveldrama
Tignored him and shut him inside. I switched my attention to Natalia, who was staring at me with astonishment on her face.
Is she pleased that she was able to get me back at last? Without a doubt, she was overjoyed.
Did she come here to grab my attention?
Is it possible that she entered this place using my name? If that were not the case, who would allow her to access such a significant event?
My head was filled with a tremendous number of questions.
Even if she used my name, I did not mind it.
Where was she, that was the question I wanted to know from her. I was curious as to why she did not come back to me until today.
As if she were attempting to calm herself down, I saw that she was taking deep breaths. The look on her face reverted back to one of indifference.
Did she make an effort to demonstrate to me that she did not feel anything after seeing me?
It wasn't the mate bond that I was thinking about; rather, it was the inner feelings of this woman.
"I'm qualified for this conference; why are you so surprised?' Her response was composed and unruffled.
Her words hung in the air, shrouded in mystery, leaving me with a sense of uncertainty. It was as if a veil had been cast over my understanding, obscuring the true meaning behind her words.
The fact that she was not a cowardly woman like she had been in the past came as a complete surprise to me. People constantly felt a sense of dread around me whenever I was talking to them. However, this woman was responding to me without showing any sign of fear while gazing directly into my eyes.
'Is she really the Natalia I know?'
I was not pleased with her response. So I continued to question her.
"What pack have you been in all these years?"
*Alpha Adrian, I am no longer involved in any way with the Crystal Blood Pack. I sincerely hope that this is enough for you to stop interrogating me about anything," she replied proudly.
My fury was fueled by the fact that she addressed me by my rank, indicating that I was a stranger to her.
I glared at her. She turned her attention away from me and peered around the hallway as if she were looking for
someone.
"Who was she looking for when I was standing right in front of her?' I asked myself in anger.
I was so infuriated by her. How dare she ignore me? She had no right to disregard me. Where did she get this bravery from?
I could see that other people who were around were looking at us. The look in their eyes was one of confusion. They did not know who Natalia was. It was because I never took her to a party with me when we were married. Lignored others' gazes and refocused on the woman in front of me.
It seemed as though she had found someone to hang out with, and she was about to leave me.
I could not describe how angry I was.
I reached out and grabbed her wrist. I brought her closer to me. She appeared to be taken aback by my action. "What are you doing?" she asked.
I chose not to respond to her statement and instead began to pull her in another direction.
*Alpha Adrian, please leave my hand," she said in a fake cold tone, which I dismissed.
When she realized that I was not paying attention to what she was saying, she grabbed my arm.
I thought she would say that she was here for me and that we could have a peaceful conversation.
But she proved me wrong, as she spoke out in a lower tone.
"I don't want to destroy anyone's reputation here. It would be better if you let me go. People are looking at us."
I snorted in response to her statements. She intended to blackmail me, didn't she? Destroy my reputation? What kind of damage could she cause me?
I dragged her to a private room.
As I stepped inside the room, I turned around and pulled her to me.
Her soft body collided with mine.
Upon looking into her eyes, I was taken aback. After all these years, I finally came to the realization that I had been missing this woman so much.
It was difficult for me to keep myself from marking her as mine because her scent was driving me crazy, and the fact that she was my mate made it even harder for me.
"Leave me," she let out and pushed my chest.
It made me retreat. I scowled and gritted my teeth together as I mumbled,
'Leave you?"
Again, I was becoming increasingly enraged. After feeling the mate bond, she was still telling me to leave her?
I grabbed her arms and questioned her.
"How can you come in and out of my life as you wish?"
Natalia frowned at me and replied,
"We got divorced five years ago. Please respect me."
I could not help but laugh at her words.
'Respect you? You seem to have forgotten how you drugged me to sleep with me before."
This was the first time in five years that I had lost my temper.
###Alpha 15
Natalia’s POV 
My fate shocked me. How could he possibly be my mate? It would be impossible for me to be with the man who had broken me in the past. 
He did not forget about the night. He continued to hold me 
responsible for that night. 
His remarks were cruel, and they hurt my heart. I was surprised that his words continued to have an impact on me. 
As I worked to keep them under control, tears began to form in the periphery of my eyes. 
“You’re still so rude; you haven’t changed a bit.” I said while staring at him. 
The hold that Adrian had on me loosened. He released his grip on my arms. 
“This is the last time I’m going to explain; believe it or not, I was not the one who drugged you that night.” 
He scoffed at me as if I were lying to him. I felt that this man could get more power for himself, but he would never change. 
He was still the same Adrian Miller that I had left behind five years ago. 
I attempted to turn around and leave, but his words prevented me from doing so. 
“What about this bond?” 
I paused and gazed at him for a moment. “What bond?” 
I-pretended that I was unaware of what he was talking about. 
As he moved closer to me, I took a step back. 
“Stop acting as if you can’t feel the mate bond.” 
I gave a slight shake of my head. 
“You can’t be my mate. We ended our marriage five years ago. I moved on with my life. This mate bond is meaningless.” 
After hearing my response, he became furious and growled at me. I gulped when I felt that my wolf wanted to submit to him. 
I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply before closing my eyes.
A pair of icy eyes appeared in my gaze as I opened them. What he did. to me over those two years was something I would never forget. 
“This mate bond will be erased automatically when someone else marks me. There is nothing to be concerned about, Alpha Adrian.” 
After saying that, I left in a domineering manner, leaving him behind, just like he used to leave me in the past. 
As I walked out of the room, I also bumped into Adrian’s beta, Patric. 
He made a casual motion with his hand. “Oh, hi.” 
After giving him a nod, I proceeded to pass by him. 
As I made my way to the hall, I quickly peeked around and found Eric having a conversation with an Alpha. He appeared to be anxious. 
Upon noticing me, he made an immediate move toward me. “Where is your phone? I have been calling you for ten minutes. Where were you?” 
He threw a bunch of questions at me. I reached out and grabbed his arm as we made our way to the other side of the hall. 
“Calm down, Eric. I was just roaming around and lost my way.” I noveldrama
lied to him. 
I did not want to make anyone worry about me. I had told Adrian what I needed to tell him. That man continued to hold a deep– seated hatred for me, and I was convinced that he would never come after 
1. me. 
Eric handed me a glass of red wine. I gave him a friendly grin and then began to engage in conversation with the other people who had come to talk with us. 
While drinking, I caught a glimpse of Doctor Max. 
My eyes lightened up. 
“Hey, isn’t it him? Max Harrison, the best healer we have ever 
known!” I overheard a group of young women talking about Doctor. 
Max. 
Then I shifted my attention to Eric. My expression was clear to him. 
“What?” he asked.
“I’m going to meet him,” I replied to him and walked to Doctor Max. He was the reason I came here to attend the party. 
I was ecstatic and went up to introduce myself to Doctor Max. 
“Hello, Doctor Max, Can I have a word with you?” Following the clearing of my throat, I asked. 
He was talking with someone, so when I asked, he turned his attention to me. He raised his eyebrows and gave her a slight nod of the head. 
He was a young man in his late twenties with an attractive look. 
“Sure,” he replied. 
“I am your fan.” 
When he heard me, he let out a chuckle. My behavior was not that of a fan girl who would wander around him. But I was a huge fan of his curative abilities. 
“I am not a celebrity or any head Alpha.” 
“But I have been learning about you for years. I really appreciate your healing skills. You are a hard–working person.” 
Hearing me, he rubbed the back of his neck. It appeared as though he was completely blown away by my compliments. 
He was a very kind and welcoming man. He asked me about myself. 
“Within the past four years, I have qualified for my license and 
completed my medical schooling. I always hoped to be as awesome a doctor as Doctor Max one day.” 
He gave me a warm smile. 
After expressing his admiration for me, he told me, “I would like to invite you over to the Blood Moon Pack for dinner sometime.” 
At first, I was stunned, but then I smiled at him. “It’s a pleasure.” 
After talking to him, I was heading back to Eric. But at that point, those vicious women reappeared in front of me. 
“How dare you speak to us in such a brazen manner? The only reason we allowed you to go at that time was because of our Alpha.” 
They started to provoke me, making a lot of noise. 
“Shut up. Who gave you the audacity to talk with her in this way?” 
I turned and found Adrian’s father, Alpha Lucas.
He scolded the women. Those women looked afraid and said then left. I did not know why they kept targeting me in the first place. sorry, 
The eyes of Alpha Lucas were filled with sadness as he looked at me. I smiled at him and greeted him. 
“Alpha” 
I had no grudges toward him. He and his wife always supported me when I was Adrian’s wife. 
He sighed and apologized to me personally, saying, 
“It’s been a long time, but I am overjoyed to be able to see you again. You have always been the one I thought was the best choice for my son, but it’s…” a 
He paused as if he were trying to find words to explain. 
His statements caused me to experience a range of emotions. In an effort to conceal my feelings, I lowered my head. 
But at that time, Adrian’s voice reached my ears, causing my emotions to fade away. 
“Who said she’s the best choice for me?” 
###Alpha 16
I turned around and saw Adrian. It was Lynda who was standing next to him. 
My attention was drawn to Lynda’s hand, which was encircling Adrian’s arm on the other side. 
Almost instantly, I turned my gaze away from them. 
When I switched my attention back to Alpha Lucas, I responded by saying, 
“Since your son has already committed, he must be very happy.” 
I overheard Adrain saying, 
“No.” It came out as a whisper. 
It left me feeling confused. On the other hand, I shrugged my shoulders, and I asked Alpha Lucas, 
“How is Luna?” 
“She is not Luna anymore. Soon, someone else will seize the position.” During his response, Alpha Lucas looked Lynda in the side eye. 
The fact that he did not like Lynda was obvious to me. I had nothing to do with it in any way. 
“Grace had a fever, so she could not attend the event.” Alpha Lucas said about Adrian’s mother. 
“I hope she’ll be fine soon.” 
“She misses you a lot. Why don’t you come to the Crystal Blood Pack. to meet her?” Alpha Lucas proposed. 
I shook my head at him and replied, “Accept my apology. I have to 
return to the Blue Blood Pack after this event.” 
After he heard that, Adrian gave me from expression. “Why would yo 
Eric’s voice interrupted him. Eric approached me, 
“Don’t tell me you are lost again.” 
The way he looked made me laugh. Because he was aware that I was unable to escape this situation, he came to my rescue. 
‘No, I was talking to Alpha Lucas.” I told Eric. 
I looked at Alpha Lucas and introduced Eric to him. 
“He is Eric Hart, the beta of the Blue Blood Pack.” 
Not only did I completely ignore Adrian and Lyndra, but Eric did the same thing.
“Of course. Who doesn’t know him? Beta Eric, Alpha Martin. 
Hansley’s left hand, and the current Alpha, Jason Hansley’s closest friend. Because of his assistance, Alpha Martin was able to run his pack efficiently.” A 
I slowly turned my head to Eric. He nodded his head without replying. 
“Not bad.” I mumbled to him. 
“I am grateful that you appreciate my worth. I have to borrow this beautiful lady from you. There is something that I would like to discuss with her.” Eric sa 
Alpha Lucas looked amazed as he glanced at me. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, may I pay your attention, please?” 
A resounding voice could be heard coming from the speakers. It appeared as though a member of the council was going to make an 
announcement sometime soon. 
When Eric reached out and grabbed my hand, he made his way toward the audience that was gathering around the stage. 
As we stood there, I expressed my gratitude to him. “You saved me today.” 
“Did he say something?” he asked as his eyes were fixed on the stage. 
“No.” 
I did not want there to be any drama in this place. mostly due to the fact that my brother gave Eric permission to get into a fight if someone said anything 
For that reason, I could only avoid saying anything to Eric. 
He was my very good friend. We had been friends for four years. He assisted me in many ways. I knew that he cared for me a lot. 
“There is a reason behind this event. Firstly, to strengthen the bond between the large werewolf packs, and secondly, we have recently received a couple 
All of us were shocked. 
“We know it’s bad news. But if we cooperate with one another, we will be able to identify those who have committed the wrongdoing,” another member o 
“It is time for us to take a stand alongside one another. We 
anticipate that the large packs will be with us because you, on the other hand, won’t be able to avoid them attacking your pack members very soon.” 
From behind us, an Alpha uttered, 
“We don’t know anything about them. What rank are they?” 
The members of the council replied, “They can be Alphas; they can be different ranks. But we presumed that they were a group of evildoers. They intend 
The council members looked around the hall. Their eyes first landed on us, and then they moved on to look at other people. 
“All the big pack’s Alphas or their officials are here. We hope that each of you will be ready to participate in war at any time.” 
I had been in contact with Pack Hospital, so I was aware of the injuries. The fact that people were losing their lives for no reason. was upsetting to me. 
“It looks like we have to prepare for a battle against those wolves.” Eric said. 
I nodded at him. The announcement made everyone silent. 
After all the council members finished discussing it, everyone headed to the next hall to have dinner. 
The only thing that I had a problem with was the length of time that the event would last. It would last for three days. 
I had to stay away from Noah and Aria for three days, which saddened me. 
But so many pack members were getting injured for someone’s conspiracy, which also made me feel angry. 
The council members invited us to the grand table. It was like a feast. Around twenty individuals were able to take seats at the main table. The Big packs 
Eric and I went to sit on the chairs. 
“Alpha Adrian, please have a seat here.” The old member of the council spoke to Adrian with a tone of respect.. 
He did not reject him and proceeded to sit down in a chair. Lynda did not pass up the opportunity and walked behind him. I did not see Alpha Lucas. I as 
On the right side, Adrian and Lynda were both seated in close proximity to the members of the council, while Eric and I were seated on the left side. 
To my surprise, Adrian chose the opposite chair of mine. I was facing him. But I tried my best not to look at him the whole time. I did not want him to think that I was shameless and was still after noveldrama
him. 
“Two packs have raised really well in the last few years. Two of them are the Crystal Blood Pack and the Blue Blood Pack.” 
Packs were the topic of discussion among the council members. I was busy eating. But my thoughts were not on the meal; rather, I was pondering the tim 
The whole time, I felt a gaze over me. As I raised my head, my eyes came into contact with a set of dark orbs. 
Adrian was staring at me.
###Alpha 17
When I had just returned to the hotel, I was surprised to find a text message waiting for me from an unknown number. 
“I heard you went to attend the event. Come back to the Crystal Blood Pack. I, along with your mother, will be waiting for you.” 
It did not take much time for me to understand who sent the 
message. 
It turned out to be Jeremy Pierce, my foster father. 
I asked in reply, 
“How did you get my number?” 
“You forgot who I am. Getting your number is not a big deal for me, Natalia. Now stop asking me questions and return to your home.” 
I stared at the message. I scoffed at it. 
‘Home? What does he mean by my home? He adopted me, yet he never showed me the affection that a parent would.‘ I thought. 
I assumed that he might have obtained my phone number from the attendee lists for today’s party. With the intention of ensuring everyone’s safety, every 
“I will never go back there. Forget about me.” 
I sent it back and threw my phone on the bed. 
I lazily walked to the bathroom and took a quick shower. Then I put on my long pajamas. 
As soon as I emerged from the bathroom, I noticed that the screen of my phone was continuously illuminated, giving the impression that it was receiving notifications. 
While wiping my hair with a white towel, I went to grab my phone. 
I noticed a group of notifications from several social media platforms. When I saw people talking about me, I was completely taken aback. 
Many people in the Crystal Blood Pack thought I was extremely cruel because I refused to go see my foster family. They talked about how I could do tha 
I read a few comments from random people who were the Crystal Moon Pack’s members. 
“How cheap she can be! She is abandoning her parents!” 
“According to what I’ve heard, she ran away from our pack with an old guy; this is the reason why she refused to return to our pack.” 
“What she is doing must be causing her family a great deal of embarrassment.”
I read the comments. I had no idea how they came to know of the conversation that took place between my foster father and me. Due to the fact that he 
I commented on a post anonymously. “What if she is not a bad person? You all must have understood her.” ” 
My comment was liked by a few others, and they told me that they also felt the same. But some people were saying that I was a 
disrespectful child who left her old parents alone and enjoyed my life outside. 
I did not waste my time on it. Why would I? I didn’t care about them. I didn’t come here to go back to my old life. My foster parents were wealthy enough to enjoy 
Although I was feeling drowsy, I couldn’t sleep since I wanted to talk to my babies. They were my life. 
I called them, and they joined me on a video call. 
“Hi, my babies. What are you two doing?” I asked my kids. 
Noah waved at me while Aria gave me a flying kiss. 
“Mom, when will you come back?” Noah asked me. 
“Very soon, baby.” 
“Mom, please bring me a large candy,” Aria demanded. 
“Yes, I will. Where is your Uncle William?” I asked them. 
William was the butler who took care of them. Additionally, there were a couple maids who assisted Aria in putting on clothing and giving herself a showe 
“He is here.” In the direction of their left side, Noah pointed his hand. 
William approached the screen and bowed to me. 
“Madam Natalia, don’t worry. I’ll take care of them.” 
“I will be back in a few days. Until then, stay with them,” I told William. 
Noah made a pouting face and mumbled, “Mom, we want to meet you.” 
He had a striking resemblance to his father. I was afraid that one day Adrian would get to know about him and Aria. 
What would I do at that time? I could not lose my children. The only reason I was still alive was because of them. 
“Baby, Mom will be back soon,” I replied. 
I had been talking with them for an hour. They told me about everything that they had done throughout the day. I told them to stay with their grandparents spend their time.
After talking with them, I was prepared to go to sleep. 
However, a knock on the door startled me. 
I got out of bed, as I assumed it might be Atlas. His room was next to mine. 
So I opened the door while saying, 
“What happened, Atla- 
31 
I paused when I saw who was standing in front of me. 
It was Adrian. 
He looked infuriated, glaring at me with his dark eyes. 
“You?” I mumbled while looking at him. 
With a blink of an eye, he grabbed my hand to push me inside and entered the room to close the door behind him. 
I was trying to understand what he was doing, but before that, he pressed me against the door and asked, 
“Atlas, huh?” 
His unexpected move left me in a state of astonishment. 
“What’s wrong with you? Why did you come here?” I asked, trying to push him. 
To prevent me from moving, he grasped my arms firmly. 
“What were yon saying to my dad? You have to go to the Blue Blood Pack? Why? Because of that Beta Atlas?” 
His jaw was clenched tightly. He appeared to be so enraged that it almost frightened me. 
“Alpha Adrian, stay within your limits. Leave me.” noveldrama
“Leave you? So that you can go to that Atlas guy?” 
“What do you want?” I asked. 
I did not know why he even came to talk to me. The thing that I discovered was that he hated me more than anyone else. 
His rage did not even slightly subside at any point. 
Are you with him now?” he asked with a hushed tone, as if trying to calm himself. 
“Why do you ca-?”
“Yes or no.” 
I took a deep breath as I thought about lying to him. Maybe it was the only way I could stay away from this man. 
“Yes. I am with Atlas,” I replied. 
I thought he would leave my room now after getting his answer. 
But he growled loudly, which caused me to shake. I had never before. experienced such a kind of submission in front of any alpha. Then why only in fron 
“Just leave my room. I don’t want to talk to you anymommmm…!!” 
My eyes widened as he gripped the back of my neck and pressed his lips against mine. 
###Alpha 18
Third POV 
Adrian couldn’t stop himself when he heard Natalia saying that she was with someone else. His mind went crazy at the thought of her being with another 
In an instant, his lips forcefully collided with her, igniting at passionate and electrifying connection that sent shockwaves throughout her entire being. 
He kissed her roughly, showing his anger to her. 
When his lips touched hers, he began to feel at ease. 
It seemed as if he had just wanted her, and this was the one thing. that he was missing in his life. 
This kiss, this closeness, this woman! 
He wanted to wrap his arms around her delicate waist and kiss her passionately. 
Natalia, on the other hand, was at first taken aback, and when she came back to her senses, she became enraged. 
She pushed him hard, which made him break the kiss. 
A disgusted look appeared on Natalia’s face, and she gave him a tight slap on his face. 
Her slap stunned Adrain, and he retreated back. No one had ever dared to slap him before. He only gave the right to his parents because they gave him 
A frown appeared on his face as he turned his head to look at her. 
“Did you just dare to slap me?” 
“How dare you kiss me?” she retorted back. 
Adrian had no answer. Why did he kiss her? Why? 
Was it because he was lost in anger when she admitted that she was with someone else now, which he did not want? 
Or was it because he wanted to tell her that she was still his woman? 
“You said you were with that Eric.” 
“Yes, yes, yes. I will say that a hundred times more. I am with him. What is it to you?” Natalia asked, losing her patience with this man. 
The weight of her confession settled heavily upon him, threatening to crush his spirit. His mind raced, desperately searching for a way to process this un 
Adrian inhaled deeply, trying to organize himself to speak to her calmly. 
“Listen, Natalia. Eric Hart is not good for you.” 
Upon hearing him, irritation engulfed her.
Not wanting to talk to him anymore, she motioned her hand to the door and said, 
“I don’t want to listen to you. It would be better if you lea-” 
A knock interrupted her. 
She turned around and opened the door immediately. noveldrama
“Eric!” she let out. 
The moment Eric walked into the room, Adrian turned his attention to him. A fire of wrath was being stoked within him. 
He thought to himself, ‘How dare he come to Natalia’s room at this 
hour?” 
Meanwhile, Kric gazed at Natalia and then Adrian. He could not help but ask Natalia, 
“What is he doing here, Nat?” 
Adrian’s brows shot up in outrage. He could not believe that another man was calling Natalia by a nickname in front of him. 
Because of the way Natalia talked about her relationship with this man, he felt the urge to kill this man right this moment. 
A whirlwind of emotions swept through Adrian’s being, each one. more intense than the last. 
Anger, jealousy, and betrayal mingled together, creating a storm. within him. He clenched his fists, his knuckles turning white with the force. 
“I was just telling him to leave,” Natalia mumbled to Eric while lowering her head. She did not know how to control this situation anymore. The kiss had a 
Eric looked at Adrian and asked, 
“What are you doing in a young woman’s room, Alpha Adrian?” 
Adrian scoffed at him and asked, “Same goes for you, Beta Eric. What are you doing here?” 
Natalia felt irritated by Adrian and said, 
“Didn’t I answer you before? I am with another man now. Now go away from here.” 
“NATALIA” 
Adrian yelled at her. Eric stood in front of Natalia as he pushed her behind him. 
M 
“That is not the way to communicate with her. Keep in mind that she is no longer your wife. Because she is a free woman, she is able to date anybody sh
Adrian stepped toward him and warned, 
“You have got a little courage. 1 think you’ve forgotten who you are talking with.” 
As he spoke those words, his gaze shifted to Natalia, who was standing behind Eric. 
Eric chuckled and shook his head. 
“No one can forget you, Alpha Adrian. You are the most powerful and famous Alpha, But that’s in the pack business and wars. Now, in front of me, stand husband. Since you know she doesn’t want to contact you, stay away from her. She doesn’t have anything to do with you.” 
All the time, Adrian’s eyes were fixed on Natalia. Though he heard Eric very clearly, his mind was on her. 
“I don’t want to berate you, but what I remember is you have a girlfriend. You are committed to someone yet come to another woman’s room. That doesn 
Adrian’s aggression was increasing more and more. He had no idea what he would do to Eric if he remained there longer. To calm hist own rage, he dec 
If he had stayed a little more and heard Eric calling him Natalia’s ex- husband another time, he might have attacked him, which was out of the pack’s rule 
During the time that the two men were talking to one other, Natalia kept her gaze fixed on the floor. 
When Adrian left the room, she felt a wave of relief flood over her. 
Eric turned to her, and she spoke out, 
“Thank you, Eric. You helped me today.” 
Eric did not utter a single word as he kept staring at her. 
Natalia made her way to her bed and sipped a glass of water that was placed on the nightstand. 
When she was in the middle of drinking the water, Eric approached her and questioned, 
“Do you still have feelings for Adrian?”
###Alpha 19
“Feelings for him?” Natalia whispered to herself. 
Did she still have feelings for him? 
The answer was clear to her. 
The memories of the past floated back to her mind as tears scrambled in the corner of her eyes. 
FLASHBACK 
“Natalia, do you still love that man?” The Luna of the Blue Blood Pack, Jade Hansley, asked. 
It had been eight months since Natalia returned to this pack. 
Jade had been observing her daughter for a long time. Natalia looked very depressed and pale. 
When she and her husband, Alpha Martin Hansley, got back their daughter eight months ago, they were really happy. Even though her name was Jessica, they started calling her ‘Natalia‘ because that is what she preferred. 
They wanted nothing but a smile on Natalia’s face. They tried to give her the lavish life she deserved, which she had been missing all 
these years. 
Natalia, on the other hand, never forgot her past. Every night, she cried alone in her room. It was not unaware of anyone. 
“No, Mom,” Natalia replied with a low tone. 
She stood by the window of her bedroom. She was staring at the tree near her window. Two birds lived there in a nest. She was amazed by their level of 
Jade turned Natalia around by grabbing her hand. 
“Stop thinking about that man. He doesn’t deserve you.” 
Natalia gave her a sad smile. “No, mom. Maybe I wasn’t meant for him after all. 
Jade was taken aback by her response. Jade cupped her cheeks and tried to make her understand: 
“Don’t feel like that. Why are you usually so depressed? Here, you are not by yourself. Your loved ones are at your side. Your babies will be with you too 
Natalia slowly placed her hand on her belly. She breathed a sigh of relief. 
Her mother was right. Just two weeks. She would no longer be alone after that.
She hugged her mother, who always tried to motivate her. 
After talking with her, her mother left her room. 
Natalia returned her gaze to the window. 
In these months, she never heard Adrian think about her. Because if he had truly thought, he would have sent someone to search for her here. 
‘How can you be so cruel, Adrian? Natalia thought as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
When she left the Crystal Blood Pack, she thought she would survive without Adrian and that she did not need anyone. 
However, she found that she was never able to forget him after leaving him. She never stopped thinking about him. She grieved just for him every day, a 
Her family assumed she was hurt because of her past, but what they did not know was the pain she felt every day because of her pregnancy. 
The pack doctor had warned her that the amount of pain she would have to endure with her pregnancy could even take her life.. 
But Natalia loved her unborn children. She had been quietly bearing all of the suffering. 
She took a promise from the doctor that he would keep it a secret from everyone. 
In the late afternoon, 
Natalia was making her way towards the corridor. She was 
wondering when the two weeks would be over. She hoped it would pass quickly. 
Suddenly, she heard her brother Jason’s angry voice. She was close to his bedroom. 
Her steps halted as she tried to overhear the reason for her brother’s 
anger. 
“How dare he?” Jason said with an angry tone. 
“Calm down, Jason.” Beta Eric, Jason’s best friend, said to him. 
Natalia was unable to comprehend what they were saying. She moved in the direction of the door. She noticed that the door was slightly opened. She tri 
“That man should die. He did so wrong with my sister. How dare he 
live such a happy life?” Jason asked, 
Natalia did not have to think much about who he was talking about,
“Jason, don’t you think what is happening is right for everyone?” Beta Eric asked. noveldrama
“Right? My sister is constantly grieving for that bastard, while he is proudly living with his mistress,” 
Natalia felt her heart quiver when she heard Jason. 
‘He is living with Lynda? Is he going to marry her? Does his family accept them together?‘ So many questions rush through her head. 
A twinge of pain shot through her, and she retreated a few feet. 
“Why am I thinking about him? Isn’t it what I want? I wanted to 
leave him. He said he didn’t love me. Then why do I care? Why?” She mumbled to herself as she went back to her room. 
She broke down in tears as memories of her and Adrian’s filled her 
mind. 
All of a sudden, she began to feel pain in her stomach. 
“Aahh!” 
She touched her belly when she felt the searing sensation in her lower abdomen. She believed that it was a daily pain that she endured every day. 
But her knees started to tremble with anguish. Her body lost balance and collapsed to the ground. 
She cried out loud when she saw blood on the floor coming out of her body. 
“MOM!” 
She screamed in pain and called her mother. She was afraid that she 
would lose her children. 
Her mother and a few maids hurried to her room. They were horrified to see Natalia covered in blood and laying on the floor. 
Everyone contacted Alpha Martin and Jason in mind link. They immediately managed to take Natalia to the pack hospital. 
“It’s a very critical situation. Who should we save? Mother or children?” The nurses asked the pack doctor. 
The pack doctor was going to go ask Natalia’s relatives when she shook her hand and requested him with a shaken tone. 
“Please, save my children.” 
The operation went long. 
Natalia’s family wanted Natalia to be saved. They were outside the operation room, worrying and praying for her since the pack doctor asked for their sig
When they heard the sounds of crying babies, their hearts skipped in fear of losing Natalia. 
They thought they had lost her. 
The pack doctor came out of the operation room. Two nurses came out with him. They were holding two babies. 
“No, no. My daughter can’t die.” Jade cried out. 
Since the doctor had specifically told them that only any one of them could survive, she thought Natalia had died. 
“Doctor, couldn’t you save my daughter? Where is she?” Alpha Martin asked. 
The doctor smiled at him and replied, 
“Don’t worry, your daughter is a blessing from the Moon Goddess. 
She came out of the mouth of death!”
###Alpha 20
When Natalia opened her eyes, her mother was there, sitting next to 
her. 
Natalia looked around, trying to find her babies. 
Her voice cracked as she asked her mother, “Mom, where are my babies?” 
In haste, she tried to sit up, but she moaned in pain over it. 
“Don’t sit up. You have stitches.” 
Natalia bit her bottom lip in pain and looked at her mother with a sacred look. 
“W–Where are they?” 
At that time, her father and Jason entered the cabin. Natalia’s eyes fell on their hands. 
She felt relieved when she saw her babies for the first time. 
Alpha Martin and Jason walked over to her and placed the babies on the bed next to her. 
Luna Jade smiled at Natalia and said, “Your babies are completely fine, my baby.” 
Natalia gazed closely at her children. All the heaviness in her heart had left when she saw their faces. 
She whispered, “My babies,” as she kissed each of their foreheads. and then pulled them closer to her. 
In her entire life, she had never experienced such joy. 
Natalia cradled her newborn children in her arms and closed her eyes. Tears slid down from the corner of her eyes. 
“Hey! Don’t cry,” Jason said to her. 
Next, Natalia gave her brother a look before nodding her head in agreement. The gaze of her eyes returned to her children. 
They were twins. Natalia couldn’t help but stare as long as she could at their eyes since they were so stunning. They also stared at their mother as if the 
“They look like their father,” Natalia mumbled. 
Alpha Martin approached her. He held his daughter’s hand. Luna Jade, and Jason went to hold the babies in their arms. Alpha Martin sat on the edge of 
Natalia looked at him carefully. “What happened, Dad? Are you not happy? They are your grandchildren.” 
“You are right. They look like their father,” Alpha Martin said to her.
Natalia looked away from him. But what he said after that was something she was not expecting. 
“My men tried contacting him while you were in the operation. theater.” 
Hearing him, Natalia’s hand froze. She slowly turned her head toward her father. 
“W–What?” 
Alpha Martin patted her hand. “During your eight months at my pack house, I am aware of how you spent your time. I have just made. one final attempt t 
Natalia was unable to utter a single word. In her heart, she felt a familiar hope drifting down. 
What if Adrian would accept her and her babies this time? She would 
HIS BONUS 
forget about the divorce, and perhaps they would be able to begin their relationship again. 
In spite of this, her hope was dashed the very next second as her brother spoke out. 
“And what happens after that, Dad? Tell her. Tell her that when that bastard heard her name, he said he didn’t want to talk about her. He doesn’t care if s 
Natalia was shocked. How much pain would she be able to tolerate? Why could she not forget him after all the things he had done to her? Why was she 
“Jason,” 
Alpha Martin glared at him. Jason lowered his head. 
One more time, Alpha Martin turned his attention to his daughter. He was a strong Alpha who developed his pack by himself. He felt a deep love for her d 
“Dad, why did you do that? You didn’t have to.” Natalia said while crying. 
When Luna Jade watched her child cry, she could not help but shed tears as well. Every single one of them was concerned about her future. She looked 
“If you want that man, I can go to him and beg him for you,” Alpha Martin told her daughter. 
Natalia’s eyes widened. 
“DAD” 
“MARTIN” 
Luna Jade, and Jason both spoke out at the same time when they heard him. 
Natalia shook her head immediately. “No, Dad. Please. Don’t say 
that. My father is a proud Alpha, and I don’t want to see him lose his respect for me to anybody else. As of right now, I no longer love that man.” 
Alpha Martin held her hand firmly. It was not easy for him, either. But he did not want to suffer the loss of his daughter for a secondnoveldrama
time. 
“He doesn’t know about the babies. Let me call hi-” 
“No, Dad. I swear, I will forget him. Make sure he doesn’t know about my children. They are only mine. I will try to be happy in my life. I have you, Mom, a 
She made the decision to put an end to her feelings for him forever. 
The next day, 
All the doctors were taken aback when they discovered that all of the stitches in Natalia’s belly had healed. 
They were shocked. They could not just believe in their eyes. 
Natalia did not have a wolf who could help her. And any ordinary. wolf could not heal themselves like this fast either. 
Then how did Natalia do that? 
Natalia was surprised, too. 
As time passed, Natalia began to live happily with her babies and her family. 
One night, 
Natalia had the urge to go to the forest. She did not have any idea why. But she was feeling really strange. 
“What’s happening to me?” she asked herself as she walked inside the woods all alone. 
However, she did not expect any answer from inside her. 
“Shift” 
Her legs froze, hearing her wolf for the first time. 
She could not believe that she also had a wolf. 
She started experiencing agony in each and every bone. She let out a scream of anguish. She had the feeling that her entire body was on fire. It was like 
In a few minutes, a black giant wolf shifted on the grass under the moonlight. 
She howled for the first time. It was like she was fulfilled now. She was not a wolfless werewolf anymore. 
“You are not wolfless. You are a blessing. You will be the biggest healer every male wolf wants to be with. You will be the cure of their every wound,” her 
“I don’t want anyone in my life now. I am happy with myself. I don’t want to be anyone’s cure,” Natalia said to herself. 
END OF FLASHBACK
“No,” Natalia spoke out after recalling her past. 
“I don’t have any feelings for that cruel man in my heart,” she replied to Eric. 
Eric did not ask any more questions and left her room. He knew Natalia thought of him as her friend. 
But he had feelings for her. Natalia was the only person who was unaware of the fact. 
He really hoped that she could be with him, not Adrian. 
The next day, 
A photo of Adrian and Natalia was sent to every member of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
In the photo, they are really close. It was a photo that clicked at last night’s party, when Adrian dragged Natalia to a private room. But from the angle from 
All of the members of the Crystal Blood Pack started to blame Natalia, as they thought Lynda would be their future Luna. 
When Natalia saw that, she was dumbfounded. On all social media sites, the pack members were trolling her, criticizing her, and blaming her for no reas 
Suddenly, Natalia got a text from Lynda. A frown appeared on her face as she read the message. 
“My first gift to you.”
###Alpha 21
Natalia’s POV 
While seated on the bed, I placed my palm on my forehead. I might not give much thought to what the other members of the pack thought about the fact 
But after watching the photo of their alpha with me, it created at major problem. 
They were calling me a shameless woman. 
I was scolding Adrian in my mind. 
“It’s all happening because of you and your Lynda,” I muttered angrily. 
I checked my phone and noticed that my brother was calling me. Although I was drawn to accept it, I refrained from doing so. 
“Brother may have learned about this mess.” 
I did not receive the call and got ready to go outside. 
When I was walking out of my hotel room, Jason called me once again. 
This time, I picked up the call. Just as I was about to speak, my brother’s voice came out 
“Did that man do something to you?” 
At that moment, I was having a debate with myself about whether or not I ought to tell Jason about what had previously taken place. 
“Brother, it’s just a conversation. Nothing else.” 
That bastard! How dare he touch you? Where did he take you? I saw the picture.” 
“Brother, relax. Eric is here with me.” 
“I know he is there. But where was he when that bastard took your somewhere? Tell me if he has done something to you or has behaved in an impolite m 
I gulped as I listened to my brother silently. 
“Are you there?” 
“I’m listening.” 
“Then answer me.” 
“Brother, everything is just a misunderstanding. I’m totally fine. I’ll 
return soon.”
“It is all my fault. I should have gone there with you.” 
“It’s okay, brother.” 
“What about Doctor Max? Did you meet him?” 
“Yes. He told me he would invite me someday.” 
“Are you happy about it?” Jason asked, trying to divert my mind. from stress. 
In the past few years, he had watched over his sister really well. He knew I might be stressed in this situation. 
“Of course I am. This was the only reason for me to come here. By the way, did you hear about the announcement?” 
“Yeah, I heard about it. We will discuss it when you come back.” 
“Okay.” 
Jason hung up, and I left my room. I started walking down the hallway. 
+15 BOHUS 
People started to look at me as if they had already seen the picture. They began to gossip about it. 
Despite my best efforts to turn a blind eye to them, I was forced to think about what Adrian had done the night before. 
The manner in which he strode in my room and asked me those questions as if he still had right on me. 
I thought back to the times when I was his wife. In no way did he ever give me the right to ask about where he was and the reasons he did not return hom 
always told me that he was with Lynda and 
that I was a third wheel between them. 
Then what was wrong with him now? 
I felt that Adrian’s ego hurt because I was living a wonderful life without his support. 
While I was sitting in the launch area of the hotel, I took some time to reflect on everything. 
Suddenly, a young woman walked to me and greeted me, 
“Ms. Natalia, congratulations.” 
It left me feeling confused. 
“Sorry?” I asked. 
It appeared as though the woman was taken aback by my response. But then she let out a chuckle when she realized that I was not aware of what she w
“We saw the posts of Beta Eric. Congratulations to both of you.” 
I was dumbfounded. I had no idea why this woman was congratulating me. The woman looked like a noble lady. I guessed that she might be the girlfrien 
I grabbed my phone out of my bag and unlocked it as soon as the woman left my side. I noticed a bunch of notifications. 
When I started to check them, I was stunned. 
I was surprised. Eric made a public statement that he was my fiance. and we would marry soon. 
It was unexpected to me. However, Eric did that to save my reputation. 
People started to comment that I was quite fortunate to have a partner like Beta Eric, who came out to show his support for me. 
I shook my head and mumbled, 
“Eric, you are truly remarkable. What is the best way for me to repay you?” 
Lynda’s POV 
I was having an amazing day at the spa when my maid, who was an omega, rushed to me. 
“Madam, we have bad news.” 
My expression changed to one of dissatisfaction, and I raised my hand to remove the cucumber slices from my eyes. 
I frowned and looked at my maid. 
“What?” 
“Beta Eric announced that Natalia is his fiancee.” 
Lwas baffled for a moment after hearing her. 
How could it be possible? 
How could someone support that woman? She had nothing to impress a man. How could a handsome and well–reputed Beta fall for her? 
“Show it to me,” I told my maid. 
She handed me my phone. As soon as I grabbed it, I realized that my maid was right. Beta Eric did everything in his power to save that 
woman. 
I really envied that woman. Because of her, Adrian had not declared me his future Luna. He never asked me for marriage either. noveldrama
I was so happy when she divorced Adrian and left the pack. 
But now she showed up in front of him once again. She might have a plan to seduce Adrian.
She might be feeling regret that she had to leave the most powerful. Alpha. Because if she had known that one day Adrian would turn out. like this, she w 
I felt so embarrassed when, last night, Adrian left me for that woman. Even more than that, he did not introduce me to the other Alphas or their families. D 
Last night, his eyes did not leave her for a moment. I saw a different Adrain. He never looked at me like that. 
I could not lose him. It took me so many years to take hold of him. I could not let him go. 
I stared at the post of Eric and murmured to myself, 
“Natalia, you whore! Just wait and watch. I will take away everything from you.”
###Alpha 22
Natalia’s POV 
As the water slipped against the glasses, the view of the outside. world became slightly blurry. Numerous plants were arranged in such a way as to enha 
By the time all of the issues were resolved, I was experiencing a sense of relaxation. I was sitting in a restaurant alone to have dinner. 
In spite of the fact that I was staying at the hotel, I did not dine in the hotel’s restaurant. I came a bit further to have dinner since I 
wanted to feel fresh air. 
Eric wanted to come with me, but he had to deal with many Alphas since he was here as a representative of our pack. 
“Miss, what would you like to have?” A waiter asked me while giving me a warm smile. 
I looked at their menu card and asked, 
“Bring the best signature dish to your restaurant.” 
The waiter looked shocked upon hearing my answer. 
Did he think I could not afford it? 
“Any problem?” 
“Oh, no, Miss. Drinks–what about them? What do you think about having a glass of wine?” 
The waiter tried to sell more, I guessed. 
“No thanks. Water would be better.” I replied with a small smile. The waiter nodded and left. 
My eyes wandered around the restaurant freely as I observed other people. I saw rich business people come here with women. 
I could assume most of them were their mistresses. 
What could we expect from rich Alphas? Their wives were bound to be with them since they were their mates. Because of that, they got a chance to do w 
I scoffed when I recognized an alpha. I knew him, but he didn’t know me. I saw him come to my pack once to have a pack meeting with my father. It was 
On the other hand, the woman who was present at this same moment was someone else. That was not his wife. 
“Just as I guessed,” I said while looking at the Alpha. He was having a great time with that woman. 
“Nowadays, true love is hard to find.” I sighed. 
It was then that I recalled the times in the past when I was in love with Adrian. How happy I was when I married him! But what did I get? Humiliations and 
The waiter returned with their best dish and placed it on the table. I stared at the food. The cuisine caught my attention.
The dish appeared to be delectable, and the garnishing was done quite well. 
“Now is the time to take pleasure in eating. Let’s get going.” I told myself it, and then I rewarded myself with a goodie. 
After having my dinner, I paid the bill using my credit card and then left the restaurant. 
When I was heading to the hotel on foot, I realized that it was late at 
+15 BO 
night. I did not know that I was spending too much time in the 
restaurant. 
It came to my attention that the roadway was dark, and there was no one on the road. I was considering taking a cab, but I was unable to locate one in th 
It would take me twenty minutes to walk to the hotel if I were to take that route. So I made the decision to walk back to the location. 
I went by a road and then made a left turn to enter the alleyway next to it. On both sides, I could see trees. It gave a fresh environment. 
I walked with a smile. When the breeze brushed over my face, I felt really good. 
However, my steps halted when I spotted a few boys talking with each other. In the yellow light, I was able to make out their appearance. 
I chose to ignore them and walk past them. 
“Hey, beauty. Where are you going?” I heard it from behind. 
I did not respond and instead began to stride forward. But they had no intention to stop. 
They started to follow me. They sprinted to catch me and grabbed my hand. 
“Leave,” I said to the man who touched me. 
“How can we leave you? I bet you maintained this body to seduce men,” the man remarked and started to drag me. 
The other two men started to laugh and follow us. The man’s grasp became more firm as I tried to release my hand from his hand. 
Let us have you, and we will let you go uninjured.” 
My eyes widened when I realized that they were rogues. 
What were they doing there? 
Wasn’t it prohibited for rogues to come here? 
Suddenly, I had a flash of memory about the day when I was desperately trying to save my life from the rogues. 
It was a traumatic experience for me. My memory was brought back to me when one of the men stroked my bare arm.
I was wearing a long, blue–sleeveless dress. His touch made me flinch. 
It was not that I could not defend myself, but I was not well– trained to fight against rogues. And the past things repeatedly came to my mind to make my body unmoved. As my mind tried to make sense of everythin 
When another man started to touch my waist, I growled at them. I glared and pushed them away from me. noveldrama
They retreated back, as they did not expect me to fight back. 
I started to run, and they followed to catch me. I did not know where to go. The hotel was still fifteen minutes away from there. 
“You can’t escape. We have seen this drama many times, but once our gaze falls on someone, their body becomes ours.” 
I felt disgusted by their words. I prayed in my head to get back my strength. 
I tried to run faster. 
While I was running, I turned my head to see if they were still following me. 
Suddenly, I bumped into someone. 
My legs froze. I thought that one of the rogues had caught me. 
DE BESIOS 
tered my head, I found a hard chest facing me. I slowly raised My head 
“Adrian?
###Alpha 23
Third POV 
Adrian was looking at those men who were approaching Natalia. 
As Natalia moved to the side, she cast a quick glance in their direction and shook her head. They laughed at her because they believed that they were a 
Adrian lowered his head to look at Natalia. He noticed that her eyes were teary. She looked lost. She did not look like the confident lady he had met last 
Her expression infuriated him. The men caught his attention. 
They bent to touch their knees. They let out a puff, and one of them remarked, “Dude, she’s ours.” 
“Yours?” Adrian muttered as he questioned. 
“She is pretending to be innocent. I am willing to bet that she is wandering around here in search of a wealthy Alpha to have sex with. We are not rich, so she is acting now. But we have something else to give her, you know.” 
As soon as Adrian heard the man, he growled at them. It was a loud growl. 
It shook everyone to the core. Natalia did her best not to submit to him. But those men bowed their heads in submission and fell to their knees. 
“Did they touch you?” Adrian asked Natalia with a deep voice while looking at the men. 
Since Natalia was at a loss for words, she remained silent. 
“I said did they touch you?” Adrian yelled in anger. 
Natalia’s body jerked by his yell. “Y–Yes,” she responded as tears streamed down her cheeks. 
In reaction, Adrian clenched his jaw. Afterward, he inquired once. more, “Where?” 
While Natalia was looking at him, she was under the impression that he had come to humiliate her. She found him no better than 
those men. 
“Why are you aski-” 
Adrian turned his head to look at her and asked again, “Where?” 
“M–My hand…” she paused. 
“Oh, hero. Stop wasting our time. If you want to have her, we can cooperate to share her.” One of them said this when he saw Adrian talking with Natalia 
Despite the fact that they were on their knees, they believed that Adrian’s intention was not different from their own. 
After the man had just finished speaking, Adrian rushed over to him and grabbed his arm.
The sound of bones being broken reverberated across the silent alley. When the other two men realized that Adrian had broken their friend’s hand, the o him. noveldrama
As Natalia watched Adrian engage in a fight with them, she was taken aback. 
In that circumstance, she could not simply flee the scene. In spite of this, she witnessed something horrible before she could take any 
action. 
She gasped when she saw Adrian’s red eyes blazing from the inside. His claws came out as he pierced their jaws. One of the three men 
HIG BONUS 
was shocked in fear. 
“W–Who are you?” he asked. 
After giving him a questioning look, Adrian responded, “Your death. The man turned around and ran to escape his life. 
Nevertheless, both of the men were unable to get away from Adrian despite their best efforts. He broke their necks and killed them. 
He scoffed at them but hissed in anger that he could not kill the last man. He looked in the direction where the man had gone. He wanted to go after him 
He turned around and saw Natalia staring at the dead bodies with a shocked expression on her face. 
He hurried over her and pulled her into his embrace. 
“Are you okay?” 
To his surprise, his voice came out soft. 
He felt good when he hugged her. Upon hearing that those scumbags 
had the audacity to touch her, he was filled with indignation. It 
caused his blood to boil. 
When Natalia realized who was hugging her, she pushed Adrian away and tried to leave on her own. 
“S–Stay a–away,” she mumbled and turned around. 
As she began to walk in the direction of the hotel, she brushed her tears away. 
“Why are you so stubborn? I am the only one who can always protect you,” he said behind her. 
He did not pay attention to him and proceeded forward. 
“Natalia, listen to me,” he yelled.
But she did not turn to him. She wanted to stay away from him. She was imable to escape the memory of what he had done to her in the past. Due solel 
That day, she had to leave her pack because that man would never accept her children. According to him, she was nothing but a bed. service for him. 
Today, he came to save her from another man who had the same thoughts as him. 
What was the difference? 
She did not even know what Adrian wanted from her. 
At that time, a car came to a stop beside her. 
Eric rolled down the window and asked, 
“Why are you here at this time?” 
Natalia cast a glance in the direction of Adrian, who was standing a little bit away from her and looking at her. 
Natalia opened the passenger door and said, 
“Let’s go to the hotel.” 
She got in the car and closed the door. Eric did not ask anything, as he saw Adrian while driving there. He started the car quietly. 
Natalia glanced at the side mirror. Adrian was standing there. without moving. He did not come to her this time. He was only staring at the car as it starte 
“Why are you with him again?” Eric asked with an annoyed tone. 
US BONES 
“He saved me from some rogues.” 
“I saw two men lying on the road. So they are dead?” 
“I think so. He has just killed two men.” 
“Are you okay?” Eric asked. 
“Hmm.” 
She leaned back against the seat and said, 
“Thanks, Eric.” 
He frowned when he heard her. 
“For what?” 
Thank you for being there for me today. I saw your post,” she whispered as she closed her eyes.
“It was my responsibility to help you. But you should avoid Alpha Adrian at all costs.” 
“I know,” Natalia mumbled. 
After that, silence fell between them.
###Alpha 24
Natalia’s POV 
After arriving at the hotel, I was unable to get any sleep throughout. the night. noveldrama
I couldn’t help but think about those dirty touches from those men whenever I closed my eyes. I tried my best to go to sleep. On the other hand, my thou 
He really helped me today. Because of him, my thoughts were all over the place. 
The next day, 
Eric told me to accompany him to a meeting. I refused because I said I had nothing to do with the pack business. So Eric had to go to the meeting alone. 
Meanwhile, I was sitting on my bed, thinking about calling my children. 
It was a maid who received the call when it connected. 
“Why did you receive the call? Where are they?” I asked the maid. because Noah and Aria were the ones who always had the phone. 
The maid was silent. I frowned at the maid. 
“Why are you silent? Where are they?” 
But what the maid replied clutched her heart. 
“They haven’t come back since the morning. T–They are missing.” 
I got to my feet in shock. “What exactly are you saying? Where are they?” 
“I–I don’t know, Miss. At this moment, everyone is looking for them. 
I was so frightened of losing my children that my knees began to tremble. 
“It can’t be happening.” 
I lost my temper as I pulled my hair in anger. 
I decided to leave for my pack right now. 
But something stopped me. I was worried that Lynda had done it again. 
In a fit of wrath, I reached for my phone and began writing in order to quickly upload a post. 
People should know who that woman was. How could she just do whatever she wanted? 
After I had finished reading the post, I uploaded it. I believed that Lynda would contact her to delete the post. That time, I would tell her to give my childre
People began reading and sharing my post, which caused it to go 
viral. 
I glanced at my post. 
“Don’t judge the book by its cover. Lynda Jensen is a noble lady who is going to be the Crystal Blood Pack’s Luna soon. But who was she before dating A 
She is nothing but a homewrecker. I was Adrian Miller’s wife, and she was just another woman in our lives. She seduced my husband back in the day. She us married. She never 
stopped seducing him until he divorced me. She is not a dignified lady who has self– respect; she is just a shameless woman. Now you all can decide what type of woman she is.” 
Public opinion began to reverse. The pack members recognized me and remembered that Alpha Adrian was married. But he never made public appeara 
They realized that Lynda became Adrian’s girlfriend not long after I left the pack. 
They began to comment on my post. 
“Lynda is such an evil woman!” 
“Lynda tried to seduce our Alpha when he was already married to someone else!” 
“How can we accept such a lady as our future Luna?” 
“She’s a homewrecker, everyone! We should pray that Alpha will get rid of her.” 
“Natalia is a really strong woman. She didn’t blame Alpha and left silently, but this woman was poking her.” 
“I hope to see Beta Eric with Natalia since he is her fiance.” 
I was watching the comments. There were so many that I could not even read them all. 
But I was pleased to see the result. That woman deserved it. I didn’t. say a single wrong sentence. I just exposed her truth. 
I was waiting for her to call me, but instead of Lynda, my father. called me. 
“Dad? Do you know where Noah and Aria are?” 
As soon as my father contacted me, I started asking him questions. 
“Calm down, Natalia. 
“How can I calm down, Dad? My kids are missing. I think someone kidnapped them. It must be Lyn-” 
“Listen to me. I heard from the maid that you had called. Aria was crying to go to you. And you know how stubborn Noah is. They wanted to meet you. So I sent them to you.
“You what?” 
“Yes, they are coming to you. They are scheduled to land in two hours. It was their intention to take you by surprise, which is why I did not inform you. You shouldn’t be concerned abo 
I sighed in relief. I let out a sigh of relief. I was relaxed knowing that my children were safe. 
“Dad, we are all returning to the Blue Blood Pack today.” 
“But they are just going there.” 
“I don’t want them to meet him. He is here, dad. It would be better if I left this place as soon as possible.” 
“As you wish, my child.” 
I hung up the call and started to pack my things. We were fortunate enough to be on the final day of the event. I wanted to return today after Eric’s meeti 
tomorrow. 
When the meeting was over, Eric made his way to my room. 
I told him everything. 
He agreed to leave today. He packed his luggage and booked our 
tickets online. 
After having lunch, we headed to the airport directly. 
Eric assured me that I should not be concerned because we were going to be leaving today. 
I knew he was right. But I did not want to take any chances. 
What would happen if Adrian found out about my children? What would I do at that time? 
Looking outside the window, I thought, 
“The last thing I want is for them to meet Adrian.” 
BIG BALE 500 bonus free lou you 
###Alpha 25
Adrian’s POV 
I was on my way to go to the airport. Because the battery was running low, my phone switched off. I was staring out the window while sipping coffee. 
The chilly weather mirrored the icy depths of my heart. It was a reflection of the frigid abyss that I felt within my heart. 
My mind was mixed up with Natalia. There was no way I could get her out of my head. 
Despite the fact that I did not want to leave at this moment, I was notified that something had come up in my pack. As the head Alpha, I would have to handle it. 
“Take the call,” Patric told me while handing me his phone. 
After giving the screen a brief glance, I saw that Lynda was the one who had called him. 
“Tell her I’m leaving.” 
With a sigh, Patric turned the phone on a loud speaker and then continued to say, “Miss Lynda, Alpha is going back to the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
“But he didn’t inform me,” Lynda replied with shock. 
Patrick was taken aback by the question. He turned his head to me. 
Although I did not utter a single word, I switched my attention back to the window. 
After clearing his throat, Patric responded to Lynda by saying, Alpha should not be required to inform anyone.” 
“I–I didn’t mean it, Beta D 
him? I want to talk to him. It’s really important.” 
“Take my apology. He is busy right now. We are heading to the airport. Alpha will be available to talk after we land in the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
Following a period of silence, Lynda abruptly ended the call, which was a clear indication that she was upset. 
It did not matter to me. Even though I had a feeling that I was being selfish, I simply could not allow her to get into my heart. 
That woman saved me and risked her life. But still, why was I thinking about someone who I had already divorced? 
Suddenly, what had occurred last night invaded my thoughts. 
I was so enraged when I saw her running to save her life. I should not have given those men such an easy death. 
‘How dare they touch her?‘
Just thinking about another man touching Natalia jerked my mind. 
Upon recalling the fact about how she left with that Beta Eric, I closed my eyes and took a long breath. 
“Are you thinking about something? You look worried,” Patrice said as he cast a peek in my direction. 
I opened my eyes. Only anger could be seen in my eyes at that 
moment. 
“After reaching our pack, you have to do something.” 
He was listening to me carefully, almost ready to work on my order. 
“Beta Eric,” I muttered. 
He raised his brows. “Do you want me to find something about him? 
I shook my head and turned to look at him. He appeared stunned by my eyes. He understood how furious I was. 
“Everything. I want to know everything about him.” 
Patric exhaled and put his hand on my shoulder. 
“You will get them at your table tomorrow,” he assured me. 
Not only was he serving as my beta, but he was also my closest buddy. Over the course of these few years, he has been a tremendous supporter of mine. If he wanted, he could betray me in ruling the pack 
“Adrian, it seems that she has moved on in his life,” he let out in a lower tone. (2 
I looked away from him. “Do I care?” 
Hearing me, Patric did not utter any other words. 
After some time had passed, we arrived at the airport. I stepped out of the car. 
My guards emerged from their cars. They hurriedly went to the trunk of my car and removed my luggage from there. 
Putting my hand in my pocket, I started to walk. 
People around me began to murmur. 
“Isn’t he Alpha Adrian?” 
“He is so handsome!” 
“I wish I could be a member of the Crystal Blood Pack.”
I heard young women talking about me while men looked scared. Their whispers were not something that interested me. 
Girls and young women were head over heels for me, which I was 
not unaware of. 
It’s just that these people were not my pack members, so they dared to gossip around me. If they were under my authority, they would have been so terrified that they would not have had the courage to move their mouths. 
However, a question caught my attention. 
“Have you seen the post his ex–wife posted today?” 
“Yeah. That Lynda is such a homewrecker!” 
I stopped and cast a glance in the direction of the two women who were conversing behind me. As soon as they realized that I had 
heard them, they became embarrassed and walked away from me while lowering their heads. noveldrama
I looked at Patric and asked, 
“What post were they talking about?” 
Patric was about to say something when I heard an announcement. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have been informed by the Air Traffic Council that all the flights are delayed due to the current weather conditions at this airp updated departure information, you will be advised.” 
“Great,” I said in sarcasm. I was already infuriated. This announcement added fuel to the fire. 
Patric got a call. He said to me, 
“You can take a seat in the waiting area, and I’m coming back in a few minutes. About the post, let me check it for you.” 
I gave him a nod and proceeded to take a seat. 
‘Natalia, did you do something again? Was Beta Eric’s announcement not enough? What have you done this time?‘ I 
thought. 
I glanced at Patric, who was talking with someone on the phone, handling the business. 
Suddenly, I heard a low but sweet voice next to me. 
“Can we sit here?”
###Alpha 26
I turned my head and saw a little girl. 
“Hi Sir, would you mind if we sat here?” She inquired about one again. 
The girl’s features reminded me of someone. With a sense of wonder, I asked, 
“We? But you are alone yourself.” 
She shook her head at me as she pointed her teeny–tiny finger in the direction of someone, then said, 
“My brother is there. Uncle William also came with us.” 
I did not care to look at where she was pointing. But I was surprised by the little girl. She did not know me, yet she was talking to me about her relatives. 
By looking at her, I could not help but think of the woman due to whom I was losing my patience nowadays. Just thinking about her set my mind ablaze. 
‘Why are you even asking me? It’s a public area. Sit anywhere you want,” I muttered with a disturbed tone. 
Taking another look in Patric’s direction, I moved my gaze. 
Arth 
time, a little boy came to my side and said, 
“Don’t talk to her rudely.” 
His voice came out as a warning. I turned my head to look at him. 
A look of anger could be seen in his eyes. 
I was stunned that this little boy was showing me his eyes as if he would fight with me 
anytime. 
“Excuse me, lil guy?” 
“Why were you scolding her?” the little boy asked. 
I glanced in the direction of the little girl, who was shaking her hands at the boy. 
“Noah, he was not scolding me.” 
“No, Aria. I saw how he was talking to you. 
I frowned at the little boy. Why was he so annoying? 
I came to the realization that he was the brother of the girl she had been talking about earlier. It looked like they were twins.
That little boy’s glare almost made me laugh. He had no idea who he was glaring at. 
If his father had known who his son was talking to in this manner, he would have died in fear. 
While shaking my head, I sighed. 
“Listen, little bo-” 
“Don’t call me little. My name is Noah.” 
“Oh.” 
I could not help but feel surprised by his confidence level. It seemed like he had alpha blood. 
A man of middle age approached me hurriedly and apologized to me. 
“I’m sorry, young man. They are kids. Please forgive them.” 
My eyes scrutinized his appearance. He did not look like their father. It appeared as though he was a butler who was responsible for the care of those ch noveldrama
“Noah, this uncle is not bad. Don’t fight with him,” the little girl said to her brother. 
“Aria, let me sit here. You can sit between me and Uncle William,” the boy said to the little girl. 
I rolled my eyes when I saw how protective that kid was for his sister. He indirectly told his sister that he would sit next to me so that I could not harm her. 
“Who am I? A Kidnapper?” I asked the boy. 
The child appeared to be taken aback by my question. 
The middle–aged man chuckled and gestured for the little girl named Aria to sit on the seat. Meanwhile, the boy sat next to me. 
All of the passengers were required to wait there because the flights had been delayed. 
When I mind linked Patric, he returned and sat down next to me in the seat. 
The fact that I was sitting with two youngsters appeared to have shocked him. He gave me a look. I could only roll my eyes in return. 
He handed me his phone and said, “Here is the post that everyone is talking about.” 
I grabbed his phone and looked at it. I saw the post that Natalia had uploaded a few hours ago. 
It was obvious to anyone who saw her post that she was trying to trash Lynda’s reputation. 
Seeing her post, I could tell that she was defaming Lynda. 
I scoffed at the post and thought,
‘Until last night, you were okay with everything and telling me that you didn’t want me. Now, what happened? You yourself posted about our past. Are you trying to get my attention?” 
The youngster next to me bent his neck to look at Patric. He asked, 
“Uncle, where are you going?” 
I raised a brow. For what reason was he acting as if I were the only person he had a problem with? 
The way he chose to ignore me and focus on having a conversation with Patric demonstrated his fearless persona. 
Patric smiled at the boy and replied, 
“We are going back to our pack.” 
The girl named Aria looked at me and asked, 
“And uncle, you? Which pack are you going to?” 
People thought twice before talking with me, but this girl was speaking to me as if I were one of her relatives. 
These two children were really bold. This made me wonder who their parents were. 
I was not someone who liked to talk with everyone. But for some unknown reason, I felt interested in talking with both of them. 
“The Crystal Blood Pack,” I replied. 
When the little boy heard me, his lips parted. However, he did not say anything. 
“What’s your name?” I asked the girl, though I had heard them taking their names. 
“I am Aria, and he is my brother Noah.” 
“Where are you going?” 
“We came here to meet our mom. We were missing her.” This time, Noah replied to me instead of Aria. 
Just then, I heard someone calling out their names from behind me. 
“Noah! Aria!” 
I heard a very familiar voice. 
As I turned my head and looked in that direction, my brows shot up in surprise. I saw a young woman standing there. 
I stood up when Noah and Aria rushed to her.
“MOM” 
She embraced them with a warm and hearty hug. Then, her eyes eventually landed on mine. 
With a look of disbelief on my face, I frowned at her. 
“Natalia?”
###Alpha 27
My gaze was fixed on Natalia. It appeared as though she was taken aback by my presence. In her 
gaze, I could see fear. 
“Mom, that uncle-” Aria was about to say something when Natalia interrupted her by asking, “Aria, Noah, why did you come here?” 
While holding her hand, Noah responded, “We were missing you, Mom.” 
I could not believe what was happening in front of me. How could she have children? 
There might be some misunderstanding. 
I stepped toward them and looked at Natalia directly. 
“Are they your children?” 
As if she were attempting to shield her children from me, Natalia firmly grasped the hands of her children and pushed them behind her. 
I raised my brow in surprise. Did she think I would hurt those kids? 
She cleared her throat and responded, “It’s none of your business.” 
She made every effort to avoid looking into my eyes. She glanced at Patric, who appeared to be in disbelief as well. Then she turned around and walked 
Arian and Noah turned their heads to glance at me. I shifted my gaze at them. 
They looked away from me and turned their attention to Natalia. The man named Wiliam followed them behind. 
I was staring at them in a daze. Patric gave me a pat on the shoulder and then pointed out, There must be another case. How is it possible for her to hav 
I looked away from Natalia, who went to take another seat. 
I gave Patric a nod. “You are right. They may be adopted.” 
I moved back to the seat I had been occupying. As I took a quick peek at the vacant seats positioned next to me, where the two children had been seate to think of their relationship with Natalia. 
For the purpose of diverting my attention, Patric started talking about the pack business. 
into my 
However, my mind kept popping head over and over again. In the direction that Natalia had gone, I turned my head and looked in that way. She was seated with the two kids. But my eyes drew on the perso 
Π
I became so furious that I clenched my fists. 
Patric frowned at me. “What happened? Who do you look angry at?” 
I chose not to respond to him. My gaze stayed fixed on the person. 
The person was none other than Beta Eric. 
Why was he always with Natalia?, 
When I thought back to it, I recalled that Natalia had informed my father that she would be returning to the Blue Blood Pack. It was my assumption that s admitted it to 
1. me. 
But seeing them together made me feel uneasy. 
Not he with Natalia, but also with those kids. 
only was 
The way that Eric was interacting with Aria and Noah in such a friendly manner, as well as the way that they were laughing with him, gave the impressio noveldrama
All of these things were making my head go crazy. First, Eric’s statement about Natalia being his fiancee, and now those children– everything was messing up my mind. 
An announcement was made after a period of time had passed. 
That was the time of my flight. I glanced in Natalia’s direction for the last time and then left. the waiting area. 
While I was walking to the aircraft, I was thinking about a lot of different things. 
During the whole flight, I was convinced that they were not Natalia’s children. 
I did not go to my house when I arrived at my pack; rather, I went to my company to assist in finding a solution to the issue that required me to return the 
Late at night, 
I went to the bathroom that was attached to my cabin. After taking a shower, I emerged from the bathroom, wearing a bathrobe. Because I was so preoc 
But the moment I stepped out,pf the bathroom, my eyes narrowed. 
Lynda was sitting on the couch. She was holding a glass of red wine. 
A large bottle of wine was placed on the coffee table, which was located right next to the couch. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked her.
She flinched when she heard my voice. She turned her head toward me, and her eyes fell on my chest. It appeared as though she was distracted by som 
I lowered 
my head and noticed that my abs were visible. 
I rolled my eyes and made my way to her. 
“I asked you something.” 
She stood up and moved closer to me. She responded with a soft voice while placing her hands on my.neck. 
“You should have asked when I returned.” 
I could see her intentions very clearly. She always tried to get close to me. Just as I was going to move her away from me, my eyes landed on the scar th 
She wrapped her arm around me and hugged me. 
“You don’t know, Adrian. Natalia is bullying me. I was humiliated in front of the entire pack for her actions. I beg you, please take action.” 
Suddenly, she began to cry. After coming to the realization that this woman was not a terrible, woman like Natalia, I let out a sigh or two. 
Natalia was chilling her life with another man. Who knows whose baby she was raising? 
But Lyna was the savior of my life. 
‘If that night she had not saved me, I would not have been rescued.‘ After giving it some thought, I placed my hand on her head. 
“Don’t cry. Let me see what I can do about it.” 
Lynda pulled away from the hug and leaned her face close to me. 
She was about to kiss me when I pushed her away from me. 
Her eyes turned teary. “W–Why?” 
After turning my back on her, I muttered, “It’s getting late. You should leave now. My driver will take you back to your house.” 
She stomped her foot on the floor and rushed out of my office room. 
In an attempt to alleviate my aggravation, I ran my fingers through my hair. 
“Why am I still thinking of that woman again?” 
I sat on the couch and reached for the bottle of wine for myself. I mind linked Patric to come 
to my cabin. 
As soon as he arrived, he noticed that I was drinking. 
“You called me,” he remarked with a tone that indicated he was perplexed. The fact that he is watching me drink could leave him confused. 
With a nod of my head, I gave him the order. 
“Find out everything about Natalia and the twins.” 
###Alpha 28
The following day, I was working in my office when I heard someone knocking on the door of my cabin. 
“Come in.” 
I saw Beta Patric entering my cabin. He was not alone. He came with another young man. 
The young man bowed to me and said, 
“All hail to our Alpha.” 
I did not respond to him. I was already swamped. Just one thing I was curious about was the reason this man came here. 
I looked at Patric. He spoke out, 
“He is Blake. He is our spy who came here with information about Eric.” 
It drew my attention as I turned to Blake. 
“What did you find about him?” 
Blake handed over a file to me and bowed his head. 
“Everything is inside the file, Alpha. We will not disclose anything to anyone until you give us permission to do so.” 
“You can leave now.” 
Blake bowed to me again and left my cabin. 
I glanced at Patric, who was also eager to open the file to learn about Beta Eric. 
When I opened the file, I realized that it was Beta Eric’s bio data. I started to read Beta Eric’s personal information. 
It is not true that he came from a large family. At an early age, both of his parents passed away. Because Alpha Martin saw potential in fights, he took him in and sheltered him in his house. From that point on, his son and Eric developed a close friendship. Alpha Martin decided 
“Interesting,” I muttered. 
Because he was deeply connected with the royal family, he was one of the most well–known members of the pack among the other packs. 
I turned my focus to other pieces of information. There was a compliment that his pack’s elder 
gave him. 
“Their beta can kill a hundred wolves alone.” 
I scoffed at the compliment. “How many wolves have I killed in the last war?” I asked my beta. 
He was taken aback. As he approached me, he took a quick glance at the file. 
“Are you comparing yourself with Eric?” 
I gave him a glare. “Why would I?” 
He chuckled and shook his head at the same time. 
“Don’t show me your teeth. Just reply to what you are asked.” 
“Over a thousand.” 
I couldn’t help but grin at his response. 
“With all of the compliments that her lover receives, the woman must be feeling very proud of herself. How silly!” 
“Someone here is looking silly, though.” I heard Patric mutter. 
My eyes shifted toward him from the file. “Did you say something?” 
He smiled at me nervously. “Isn’t it obvious? You hold the position of the most powerful Alpha. Of course, you have killed more wolves than any beta of a 
I chose to disregard his remarks and continued to turn the pages of the file. 
Something drew my attention to itself. While I was staring at it, I couldn’t help but smirk. 
“He is a playboy. He had many girlfriends.“” 
“But they are all his past.” 
so what? That woman will be his past, too.” 
Patric stared at me without saying anything. 
“What?” I asked. 
He shook his head and replied, 
“I can’t understand what you actually want. It seems to me that you are also unaware of that. 
“Stop overthinking. What did I ask you last night? Did you find anything?” 
Patric nodded his head. “Our men are after that. You will get it soon.” 
I remained in my office for the entire day. When it was late evening, 
I got to my feet and made my way to the couches 
I sat down and lit a cigarette. While smoking, I was looking outside the glass wall next to me. 
Suddenly, thoughts of Natalia started to come back to my head. 
According to my assumption, the children were not hers. Maybe she was hired to work as their nanny. Otherwise, how could she have such big kids? Th noveldrama
Someone opened the door to my office. I glanced at the door and saw Patric. He closed the door and walked to me. 
Because he appeared nervous, I couldn’t help but frown at him. 
I blew on the smoke, sucked in a deep breath, and asked, 
“Who dared to scare my beta?” 
He gulped as he lowered his head. 
“What?” I asked. 
I did not understand his sudden nervousness. 
“Adrian,” he muttered. 
“I am all ears,” I replied, turning my head back to the window. 
He looked at me and said with a shaky tone, “They are Natalia’s children.” 
My fingers froze around the cigarette. I looked at him. “What did you say?” 
He nodded his head and placed a tab in front of me. 
After grabbing the tab, I looked at the information that was displayed on the screen. 
The children’s date of birth was five years ago! 
“What the hell! How can it be possible?” I yelled at him. 
He did not reply to me, only lowering his head. 
“Who is their father?” I asked. 
I clearly remembered that when Natalia left my pack, she was not pregnant. 
Those whose children they could be? 
“I’m not sure, but most of the people saw the children with Eric all the time. He even attends the parents‘ meeting at their school.”
Blood was boiling inside me. 
“Did Natalia and Eric get together before the divorce?” I asked while gritting my teeth in 
anger. 
Beta Patric reminded me quietly, “Back then, you were the one who wanted the divorce.” 
fists, thinking back to the time when Natalia had confessed her love to me. 
I clenched my 
Flashback 
“I want a divorce from you.” 
In the whole year of our marriage, I was only feeling disgusted with Natalia. She always pretended to be innocent in front of me. I just hated her. 
“Hubby, can we not get a divorce?” Natalia asked me with tears in her eyes. 
I glared at her and asked, “Why? Do you want to be the Luna of this pack?” 
She shook her head immediately and hugged me. I tried to push her, but her arms around my torso tightened. 
“Please don’t talk about divorce. I–I love you, Adrian….” 
End Of Flashback 
I came out of past thoughts. I did not know what I was feeling right now, but I wanted to destroy everything. 
I had mixed feelings. I thought she loved me, however, left me because of Lynda. But the reason was something else! 
The truth was that she was carrying another man’s children! 
I stood up from the couch, which made Patric take a step back. 
I kicked at the coffee table in anger. 
“Liar!”
###Alpha 29
Natalia’s POV 
It had been two days since I had returned to the Blue Blood Pack after attending the council event. I was really scared that day. 
The way I saw Adrian with my children almost took my breath away from me. I thought he learned about the truth. 
But fate was on my side. He did not create any problems there. 
I assumed that he did not care about where they came from or whose children they were. 
It was good for me. The only thing I could do was pray that he would never show any interest in this matter. 
are you 
“Mom, what thinking?” Aria asked. 
She was sitting on the bed while looking at me. 
I stopped combing my hair and realized that I was occupied in my thoughts while standing in front of the mirror for a long time.. 
After turning my attention to Aria, I responded, “Nothing, baby.” 
I made my way over to her and sat down next to her. When she hugged me, I couldn’t help but give her a warm grin. 
“Mom, Noah is not looking fine.” 
I was stunned by her words. I looked at her and cupped her cheeks. 
“What happened to him?” 
“After coming from that pack, he looks irate.” 
Aria’s remarks made me frown. I tried to recall everything that happened on that day and asked her, 
“Tell me everything about that day.” 
Aria placed her finger on her chin and thought about the day. I chuckled and kissed her cheek. She was an adorable girl. 
“Mom, that day Grandpa told Uncle William to take us to you. Then we went to the airport. We landed on that pack and…” she paused. 
To get a better look at her, I lowered my head. I was curious as to the unexpected reason for her stop. 
“What?” 
It was in a low, muttered voice that she said, “We met that handsome uncle.” 
I frowned at her. “Handsome uncle?”
She nodded her head. “The uncle we were sitting with.” 
unu 
My brows shot up when I realized that she was talking about Adrian. 
“Aria, tell me what he said to you.” 
In a moment of sudden inquiry, she appeared confused. I touched her hair and gently stroked it. “I need to know why Noah is angry.” 
She nodded her head and started again, 
“I asked him if we could sit with him. He stated that it was not a public place and that I was free to sit wherever I wanted within the entire space. But Noa 
After hearing Aria, I was mad at Adrian. How could he argue with a kid? 
“Did he ask anything about me?” 
“No. He only asked about our pack.” 
I widened my eyes. 
“What if he will find out the truth?‘ 
I took a few deep breaths and made an attempt to gather my thoughts. 
At that moment, a maid came to my room. 
“Young Miss, Alpha is calling you in the living room.” 
I gave her a nod, but before she left, I asked her, 
1 
“Where is Noah?” 
“She is with Beta Eric. They are playing something.” 
I felt relieved. Eric was like an angel for my children. The way he cared for my children was remarkable. 
This year, I was unable to make it to their school to attend the parents‘ meeting. Eric was the one who assured me that he would take care of it. I could s 
children. 
I held Aria’s hand and walked out of my room. I went to the living room and noticed that my 
parents, Jason and Eric, were all present there.
“Where is Noah?” I asked Eric. He signaled me to his room. “He is in my room.” I told Aria to go to Noah and play with him. She agreed and left the living 
I approached my brother and inquired, “You called me.” 
Jason nodded his head. “Yeah, but it was Dad who wanted to talk to 
you.” 
I turned to my father. He was sitting on the couch. He patted the seat next to him. I went to sit there. 
“Dad,” noveldrama
“Natalia, I want you to take over my pack business.” 
I was taken aback. “Pack business?” 
“Yeah, pack business. I want you to join Hansley Group.” 
“But Dad, you know my goal. That is not the kind of career I want to pursue. I would like to work in the medical field.” 
“We are all aware of that by now. Yet, your brother is in need of assistance. He is already handling so many things together. If you take some responsibil 
I cast a quick peek in Jason’s direction. In answer, he gave a slight nod of his head. A smile appeared on my mother’s face as I gazed at her. 
“Your dad is right, Natalia,” she said to me. 
I lowered my head and shifted my eyes to my lap “Dad, may I know why you made the sudden decision?” 
He placed his hand on my head. “My daughter, as your dad, I need to make some decisions. I have no doubt that you have potential. You are not going t 
After heaving a sigh, I nodded my head. “Okay, Dad. As you want.” 
“Eric will take you to the company tomorrow. He will help you to prepare yourself for the times ahead.” Jason told me while glancing at Eric. 
Following discussions with my family, I came to the conclusion that I would help my brother in running the pack. My brother would be in charge of the tra 
My parents reached retirement age, and they wanted to travel the globe, hoping that Jason and I could manage the affairs of the pack together. 
If my parents wanted me to do that, I would not disappoint them. 
When I was on my way back to my room, Eric stopped by to have a conversation with me. 
So, are you ready to join the Hansley Group, Miss Hansley?” 
I chuckled and asked, “What position has Dad decided to give me?” 
I expected that my father wanted me to take on a managerial role or something like that.
But I was somewhat aback by Eric’s reply. 
“You will be the CEO of the Hansley Group.
###
A few days had passed.
There were a few adjustments that were made to my daily life.
These days, I get up early in order to go to the office on time. To get a better understanding of everything, I was given a position in the financial department. I tried to understand the thoughts of employees, too.
By doing so, I was able to comprehend what they were considering with regard to our business and determine whether or not they were loyal to us.
People thought of me as an ordinary employee like them. They had no idea that I would be their CEO very soon.
In these few days, I saw a slight change in Noah's behavior. I questioned him about it, and he responded by saying, "I don't like that uncle."
I was surprised when he talked to me about Adrian. There was something strange in Noah's eyes, but I was unable to make out what it was. So, I chose to refrain from asking him any questions regarding Adrian.
On the other hand, Aria liked Adrian in one meeting. She kept talking about him to me. I only told her that he was merely a stranger and that she would never meet him again.
It really broke my heart to see my children's reaction to him. They did not know that he was their father. I did not want to tell them the truth either, which always made me scared.
However, her mother advised me that I did not need to be concerned about it because Adrian was far away from them.
It was noon.
I was seated at my desk, working on some files.
I heard a knock on my door.
'Please, come in."
As soon as the door was opened, a young woman peeked her head inside.
"Miss Natalia, it's lunchtime."
She was an employee, Damia Robson. She was a little younger than me, maybe in her early twenties. However, she was tremendously skilled in her work.
"I'm coming," I replied to her.
When I noticed that she was still standing with her back to the door, I closed the file that I was holding in my hand and stood up from my chair.
I made my way to her and then left my cabin with her alongside me.
"I knew you would be busy working. So Beta Eric instructed me to bring you along with me."
I was surprised to hear her. I frowned at her. She chuckled and whispered in my ear,
"I know who you are."
"Oh, I mumbled.
She might be a really trustworthy worker, that was why Eric had told her about me.
"Don't worry. I have no intention of telling anyone about it," she reassured me.
However, there was nothing to be assured about. In a few days, everyone would learn about me anyway.
A smile and a nod were the responses I gave to Damia.
We had lunch in our company's restaurant. I observed people around me.
The young women appeared to be really wealthy, which was evidence that our company was providing them with
a very good salary. Meanwhile, males appeared to be wise, which indicated that they were aware that working hard would only work out for their benefit.
After having lunch, I headed back to my cabin. Damia was with me.
As I was walking by the rest area, my eyes caught sight of something, and I immediately stopped moving forward. There was a cello placed in the middle of the room. I stared at it. I could not just move my eyes away from it.
I heard Damia's voice beside me. "Miss, do you know how to play cello?"
Then I turned my head away from it and gave a small nod of my head.
"Do you want to play it?"
I smiled bitterly. "Unfortunately, my right hand was injured a few years ago, and I can't play anymore."
Damia appeared to be very surprised to hear that.
Memories flooded my mind when I burned my right hand, trying to save someone's life.
As I closed my eyes, a rush of memories washed over me, transporting me back to that disastrous moment when I risked everything to rescue another person.
While thinking about that time, I slowly lifted my hand and gently stroked my arm. The pain I had to feel at that time once again haunted me.
But that's all in the past. Even if I loved the wrong person, I never regretted it.
"Miss, are you okay?" Damia asked with a worried tone.
I came out of my thoughts and replied to her,
"Yeah, I am fine."noveldrama
After taking a quick look at my hand, she asked me, "Is your hand okay?"
I could only respond, "Hmm."
When I went back to my cabin, I tried to make myself busy again.
Nevertheless, my thoughts kept going back to the horrific incidents of the past, which I had almost forgotten after marrying Adrian.
I grabbed a file and tried to focus on work.
At that moment, my phone began to ring. I glanced at the screen of my phone. I recognized the number.
It was none other than my ex-husband, Adrian.
How did he get my number? I assumed my stepfather gave it to him.
I did not receive his call. As soon as my phone stopped ringing, I grabbed it and blocked Adrian's number.
Shortly after, Eric came to my cabin with an annoyed look.
I got to my feet and asked,
"What happened?"
He showed me his cell phone and replied,
"Your ex-husband is calling me. Should I answer it?"
Hearing it caught me off guard. Adrian had never tried to contact Eric before. Not after the fight in the hotel room.
I had no idea why Adrian called Eric. So many questions rushed through my head.
Did he get to know that Aria and Noah were his children?
I bit my bottom lip in anxiety. Eric did not like Adrian, which he had told me many times before.
He stared at me to get a reply from me.
I took a deep breath and replied,
"Answer the call."
###Alpha 31
Eric put the call on speakerphone. 
“Is my ex–wife with you?” Adrian asked the moment Eric received the call. 
It was the same way that he always spoke to me in the past; his voice was cold and harsh. 
Eric gave me a quick glance. Then, in response, I gave him a nod. 
“Yes, she’s right next to me,” Eric replied. 
1 
“Is Natalia really with you?” Again, Adrian questioned him as if he did not trust what he was saying. 
This time, his voice came out as laced with rage. It sounded like he was quite angry. 
After hearing him, I was filled with wrath. Did he think Eric was lying to him? Why would he? 
The only thing I wanted was to find out the reason behind his calling. 
Instead of Eric, I replied to Adrian, 
“What else, Alpha Adrian?” 
Adrian was caught off guard by my abrupt engagement in conversation. He remained quiet for a while before finally breaking his silence and said, 
“I would advise you two not to be so pushy. We haven’t gone through the official rejection 
ceremony yet.” 
I grabbed the phone from Eric’s hand and said, 
“Reject ceremony? You never marked me, so forget about it.” 
“But unfortunately, my name was merged with yours. So we have to arrange this ceremony for my pack.” 
I immediately clenched my fists as soon as he spoke the word “unfortunately.” 
I pondered over the depth of the affection I had for him, only to have it go unnoticed by him. I did not forget the time when I asked him to refrain from disc 
How could someone be so ignorant of another person’s love that they became completely blind to it? From the very beginning, all he wanted was for me 
“You are such a scumbag!” I let out in anger. 
“Stop talking nonsense and come back to the Crystal Blood Pack 
“Why would I care about any kind of ceremony? After all these years, now you remember about this ceremony?” I asked while shaking my head. 
He was such a cheap person! As if straight out of a dramatic plot line, just when he thought I had moved on with my life, he suddenly decided to organize 
“Don’t forget that you are still, nominally, the gamma’s daughter, so you have to show some respect for your father and our pack.” he reminded me, think 
I laughed at his way of speaking. “You don’t have to be concerned about my father, Alpha Adrian. I am going to deal with him in my own way. 
“Yeah, sure. I am already aware of the way in which you handled the situation.” 
It caused me to scowl when he stated that. 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
Adrian kept quiet for a brief second. I understood that he might be smoking. 
That man was someone I knew quite well. He was not only the person I had married but also the man I used to love the most. So 1 was aware of his eve 
“Why did you post that?” 
He asked a question that left me bewildered. I turned my head toward Eric. 
“He is talking about the post you wrote about his darling,” Eric reminded me. He said it out 
loud to let Adrian know that he was still there. 
“Listen, Alpha Adrian. Your girlfriend was the one who initially provoked me by breaking the news of the conversation that took place between me and my 
“What rubbish! Why would she do that?” 
I rolled my eyes. “Yeah, how can she do that? She is your moonflower.” noveldrama
Eric started to laugh while sitting in my chair. It came to my attention that he was grabbing my coffee mug. He took a few sips of it. 
“Hey! That’s my coffee.” I said to Eric. 
Eric grinned to himself as he glanced at me. “It’s okay.” 
I heard Adrian’s low growl coming from the phone. “You two are such shameless people!” 
I had enough of this man. He had destroyed my life. How could he talk so proudly? “You took Lynda to live with us within our marriage. Though I was the 
papers and signed them first, don’t forget who forced me to sign divorce papers. Now you are talking about respect? Did you have any regard for me wh
There was a period of silence from Adrian. Inside of me, my heart was pounding really fast. The man was trying to provoke me, but I did not want to talk 
“It’s about the pack, and it’s Luna’s position.” Adrian muttered. 
“Why should I care about your pack now? After all, I even gave up Luna’s position to Lynda!” 
Eric gave me a thumbs up and took a sip of coffee from the mug again. 
His satisfaction was evident as he listened to my conversation with Adrian. He looked pleased by the way I was replying to my ex– husband. My voice was equally cold, the same as Adrain’s. 
Adrian’s voice breathed a bit of fatigue, “My father is sick, and he is currently in the hospital. He is clamoring to see you. He said he would not take his m 
My chest became quite tight. Despite the fact that Adrian and I had gone our separate ways, his father had been very kind to me during the years that w 
In spite of his strict nature, he never failed to show me support and respect. It was always his intention to correct his son for the way he treated me. Just thinking about him lying in the hospital bed caused me to experience a range of emotions. 
“In your pack hospital, right? I’ll be over to visit him as soon as I can.” I replied to him and cut the call immediately. 
D
###Alpha 32
Hanging up the phone, I let out a deep, long sigh of worry. 
There was complete and utter silence in the cabin. I placed Eric’s phone on the desk. 
While resting my palms on the desk, I could not help but think of going back to visit Adrian’s father, Alpha Lucas. I decided to come back to this pack soo 
“Are you sure you want to go to that pack? It can be dangerous for you. I don’t believe that man.“. 
“Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” 
“Then let me drive you there.” Eric said it in a warm voice. 
“No, thanks. I’m there to visit his father, not to provoke him. You’ll only intensify the conflict by driving me there.” 
“But how will yo-?” 
I interrupted him and replied, 
“That pack is right next to ours. I’ll just drive myself.” 
In the evening, I stopped working. After getting up from my chair, I exited the cabin and went 
outside. 
By going to the lobby area, I was able to observe employees taking their leaves for today. 
With a grin on her face, Damia came up to me. “Miss, it’s surprising to see you leaving early.” 
The majority of the time, I left the company late. I always went home late from my office because I had to work hard since I would have to take the positio 
So I could understand the expression of surprise that was on Damia’s face. 
“There is something that I need to do at home. Therefore, I considered leaving earlier than usual today.” I replied to her. 
got my facts. got my We were heading to the entrance of our company. Damia nodded her head as she I noticed a white, shiny car waiting for me outside. My brother gave me this expensive car as a present on my last birthday. 
I turned to Damia and told her, “Pay attention to the project that I am currently working on. I will not be present at the workplace tomorrow. 
Damia looked stunned. “Why? Are you going somewhere?” 
Just the moment she let it out, she covered her mouth in the realization that she had asked a personal question.
I could see that she was feeling nervous. It was all because of my identity. Because she was aware that I was the sister of the head Alpha and the daugh 
I held her hand and gave her a warm grin. 
“It’s okay, Damia. I’m 
e was 
of my working somewhere tonight. I’ll be back soon. For the time being, please 
take care of 
Because of my friendly demeanor, her eyes becarne brighter. 
“Of course. Don’t worry about anything, and enjoy your vacation.” 
I raised a brow, thinking that she had misunderstood the situation. I was not going on any vacation. But I did not contradict her and instead allowed her to 
After saying my goodbyes to her, I made my way to my car. The driver opened the back door for me. As I hopped into the car, I leaned back against my seat. 
I wanted to leave for the Crystal Blood Pack tonight. However, before I could move forward with it, I would have to discuss it with my father. 
Immediately as the car came to a stop in front of the pack house, I did not waste any time and 
father. went straight to meet up 
with my 
I knocked on his office door and heard his voice. I went inside and noticed that he was with m mother. They were seated on the couch, which was close 
“Mom, Dad. It’s good to find you both here.” I told them, strolling to them. 
“I know what you are going to talk about,” my father told me. 
He motioned for me to take a seat on the couch in front of them. My mother smiled at me and 
said, 
“Eric called your father to inform us about Alpha Lucas.” 
I thanked Eric in my head for having already discussed the matter with my father. I did not have to explain anything morg 
“I want to leave tonight,” I said, thinking they would disapprove of me going there. 
My father kept quiet for some time. I glanced at my mother, who was also silent. 
My father sighed and spoke out. 
“Natalia, you know we don’t want to lose you again, right?” 
“Dad, I will be fine.” 
“If you want to go 
we won’t keep you from doing so. But if you need anything or feel any trouble there, just call your brother.” 
After hearing his icy tone, I couldn’t help but laugh. My father was not that rude, but when there was something involving Adrian, he became really enrag 
My family’s hatred for Adrian was intense. 
“I will, Dad.” 
After getting to my feet, I stated, “I am going to meet Aria and Noah.” 
My mother stopped me by saying, “You can’t leave without having dinner with us. 
“Okay, Mom.” 
Leaving my father’s office, I proceeded to my children’s room. When I entered the room, it came to my attention that Aria was drawing something as she 
After making my way to the bed, I quickly sat down next to her. 
“Aria, mom is going somewhere.” 
“Where, Mom?” she asked without looking at me, giving her all attention to her drawing. 
“You don’t know the place. Crystal Blood Pack.” 
Her hand paused at the drawing, and she raised her head to look at me. 
“Mom, did you say Crystal Blood Pack?” 
I gave 
her a nod, observing the unexpected attention she showed in the pack’s name. noveldrama
She smiled at me and asked, 
“Mom, will you meet that handsome uncle there?” 
###Alpha 33
I was completely taken aback by Aria’s question. 
“Handsome Uncle?” I inquired with a look of deep bewilderment. 
She responded, “Yeah, that uncle we met at the airport.” 
I was able to make out a bright smile and a look of excitement on Aria’s face. Within me, I could feel a throbbing pain in my chest. 
She was talking about her father! 
I took a deep breath and replied, 
“Aria, don’t talk about that man again, okay?” 
“Why, Mom?” 
“My baby, he is a stranger. I told you that day, right? By the way, Mommy is going to pay a visit to another person who is in critical health.” 
She lowered her head and pursed her lips in a deep sigh. After a while, she showed that she was a good child by nodding her head. 
I was fixated on her. Why did she keep bringing up Adrian in everyday conversation? Why could she not forget just one meeting? 
Was it because he was her father? 
I noticed Aria started drawing again. I ran my hand over her hair and asked, 
“What are you drawing?” 
When she turned to face me, she displayed her drawing to me. 
Although I reached out my hand to take hold of the paper, my hand began to shake as a result of what she had drawn. 
The sketch was a rough representation of a man and a woman, with the two other children. holding hands with them. 
My attention was drawn to the title of the painting that she had written. 
“Mom, Dad, me, and my brother. My family,” I mumbled while reading it. 
“The teacher told everyone to draw this,” Aria said. 
I looked at her innocent face. I placed the paper on the bed and hugged my daughter. 
Tears scrambled in my eyes, but I refrained from letting them down on my face. 
How could I give my children their father? Every time they asked about him, I always ignored the question. 
However, watching the painting gave me a feeling of sorrow. The thought of how much they missed a man they could call their father pierced my heart. 
But I could not tell them who their father was. I was afraid that if Adrian got to know about the truth, he would snatch them away from me. I could not eve 
them. 
“Mom,” 
I heard Noah’s voice from behind. 
I broke the hug and moved away from Aria. I turned my head and found my son at the door. noveldrama
“Baby, come to your mom.” 
Noah hurried over to me. I hugged him and asked, 
“Where were you?” 
“I was with Uncle William.” 
I extracted myself from the embrace and cradled his face in my hands. 
“I’m going somewhere today. Take good care of both yourself and Aria. I shall be back in at little while.” 
I couldn’t help but break into a smile when Noah kissed my cheek and caressed my face. 
Seeing us, Aria joined us. She hugged my neck and said, 
“Mom, I will take care of Noah as well.” 
I kissed her head and pulled the two of them closer. 
I did not mention anything about the Crystal Blood Pack again. Having a pleasant time with my children was something I did not want to ruin. 
I spent some time giggling and playing with them. After that, I informed them that I would come back the day after tomorrow. They said they would miss m 
During the time that I was occupied with them, there was a knock on the door. 
The door had already been opened. Because a maid had arrived, she simply knocked on the door to get our attention and let us know that she had arriv 
“Young Miss, everyone is waiting for you three at the table for dinner.” 
“We are coming,” I told the maid. She bowed to me and left the room. 
“Let’s go
for dinner,” I said to Aria and Noah. 
The two of them got out of bed. Both of them were holding my hands. 
Along with my twins, I made my way out of the room. 
We reached the dining room. I sat them on their seats, which were close to my chair. I took a seat next to my brother. 
My father still sat in the head chair. Though Jason had become the Alpha, he wanted my father not to change his place at home. 
When we all started to eat, my gaze drew toward Eric. I thanked him silently by moving my 
mouth. 
He indicated that everything was well by nodding his head at me. 
“I heard you are going to that pack.” I heard Jason’s angry voice. 
I knew he would oppose it since he hated Adrian the most. 
“Brother, Alpha Lucas is sick. I have to go.” 
Jason listened to me while chewing his food. He looked in deep thought, so he did not let out anything for a while. 
I silently concentrated on my food. I could only pray in my heart that Jason would not get angry at me. 
“Fine. But if that man does anything like he did that party night, I will be the hardest person for him to deal with.” Jason mumbled, which was audible to e 
I glanced at Eric to know if he had told my brother about the incident in the hotel room. He shook his head, declaring that he did not say anything. 
I understood that Jason was talking about the party. He saw the photos of me and Adrian going to a room. 
“Brother, I promise. Everything will be fine this time.” 
Upon turning my head, I looked at Noah and Aria. There was a clear indication that Noah was paying close attention to what his uncle was saying. 
“Let’s not talk about it right now,” I said to everyone. They agreed with me while glancing at my children. 
After dinner, I took my leave from everyone. My father wanted me to take his car. I declined. his offer and requested that he hand me the less expensive was stored in the pack 
house. I did not want Adrian to doubt me. 
Jason wanted me to drive there, but I refused since he had so many things to handle in the pack. 
I waved my hand at my family and my children, then got in the car. 
I believed that I would return to this pack the day after tomorrow.
As soon as I felt a chilly breeze brush across my face through the window, I leaned back against my seat and closed my eyes. 
The driver started the car and proceeded to the destination, the Crystal Blood Pack. 
###Alpha 34
“Miss, we are here.” 
I heard a knocking sound and a voice calling me. 
After opening my eyes, I immediately closed them again as a light came into contact with them. I sat up straight and rubbed my eyes. 
I slowly opened my eyes and yawned. I turned my head to the window, where I discovered the driver standing outside. I was surprised to see him there. 
As I rolled down the window, I looked at him. At that moment, he bowed to me and announced, “Miss, we have arrived.” 
With a frown on my face, I switched my attention to the other window. It dawned on me that the car was standing outside of the Crystal Blood Pack’s pack hospital. 
“What the hell!” I muttered in a low tone. 
I did not expect my driver to take me to the hospital directly. I had the thought that I would go to the hotel and get a room, then once I had changed my clothes and freshened up, I would go to visit Alpha Lucas. 
But here we were, in the pack hospital. 
I looked at the driver, who looked nervous based on the way I appeared to be confused. 
“Miss, is everything okay?” 
I responded to him by saying, “I was considering making a stop at a hotel first.” 
“Sorry, Miss. Alpha Jason ordered me to take you to the hospital directly. He said you did not come with any clothes either. So there is no need to stay he 
I rubbed my head and sighed. 
My brother did not believe Adrian at all. So he told the driver to take me back to the Blue Blood Pack as soon as possible. 
It was easy for me to comprehend his emotions. I would not have allowed him to come to this pack again if I had been in his position. 
“Okay.” 
After taking out my phone from 
my bag, I checked my hair to see whether or not it was messy. I gave my untidy hair a little bit of a comb since it turned messy because I forgot to close 
The driver assisted me in opening the door. The moment I stepped out of the car, I told the driver, “I will call you when I want to go back.”
While I was saying so to the driver, I gave the pack hospital a quick glance. 
There were a lot of memories that were connected to this place, and it caused me to feel a draw towards the past. 
How could I forget the day I left the pack? That day, before leaving the hospital, I took a promise from Doctor Harold to keep my secret safe. 
“Doctor Harold,” 
I muttered while thinking about him. 
How loyal a man he was! 
He continued to keep my secret to himself and did not divulge it to anyone else. 
I was eager to meet him again. I would like to thank him for saving my life. 
I cocked my head to the side and searched for the flower shop that had been located there in the past. The majority of the customers purchased flowers the shop in order to present them to their loved ones who were currently being hospitalized in the pack hospital. 
I thought about buying a bouquet for Alpha Lucas. 
I walked for a while and asked a man, noveldrama
“Excuse me?” 
“Yes?” 
“Could you please tell me where the flower shop is?” 
“It’s been a while since it moved to that area.” 
“Oh, thank you.” 
I went to the road that turned to the left. I did not bother my driver to take me there. 
When I went to the flower shop, I noticed that it had such lovely furnishings. I selected two bouquets one for Alpha Lucas and another one for Doctor Ha 
Suddenly, my attention landed on the white Stargazer lilies. 
Memories flooded my mind. 
After our wedding, I learned many things about Adrian from his mother. During that time, she told me his favorite flower was the white stargazer. The ver 
of me. He said that everything could turn into ashes with the touch of my hand. 
1 
It was the very first present that I gave to him after we had tied the knot. Starting from that day on, he never failed to make me feel miserable. He consist
“Madam.” The woman who worked there called me, and I came out of my thoughts about my past. 
“Huh?” 
“Here are your bouquets.” She said that and handed them to me. 
I thanked her. After I had finished paying her the bills, I left the shop. 
As soon as I arrived at the hospital, I proceeded to the reception area. 
“May 
I know if Doctor Harold is free right now?” 
Upon hearing my inquiry, the receptionist gave me a look that suggested it was somewhat insulting. When she noticed the bouquets that I was holding, she raised her eyebrows high. 
“May I know if Doctor Harold knows you?” she asked. 
“Yeah, I am his old friend.” 
“Oh, let me check” 
She checked the schedule and reported that Harold was currently in the surgery room at this very moment. On the other hand, she stated that he would be free in a few hours. 
I thanked her and asked, “I want to meet Alpha Lucas. Could you tell me where he is staying? I 
his room number?” 
mean, 
As she frowned at me, she reached for the phone and proceeded to make a phone call. She brought the phone close to her ear. 
“Who are you calling?” I asked. 
She replied to me with a rude tone, 
“No one can meet him without our Alpha’s permission. I’m calling Alpha Adrian.” 
###Alpha 35
After hearing her response, I put my hands on the desk. 
‘Don’t call him. Call Alpha Lucas and tell him that Nat-” 
“Hello,” 
Before I could complete it, she spoke out and interrupted me. It looked like the person had already received the call. 
A sigh came out of my mouth as I took my hands off the desk. 
“Beta Patric, is Alpha on your side?” 
My gaze was fixed on the woman. Didn’t she say she would call Adrian? Why did she call Patric? Or did she want to pretend that she had their head Alp 
Considering that the reception area was very calm, I was able to pick up on what the other person was saying to her. 
“No, he is in the meeting right now.” Patric replied to her. 
With a very nice tone, the woman addressed him and said, “Sir, we need to ask him something.” 
“He won’t be free for one hour. What’s the matter?” Patric asked. 
“Sir, someone came to meet Alpha’s father,” the woman said while eyeing me. 
She became aware that I was paying attention to what she was saying. As a result, she moved at bit further away and began speaking as if she were discussing some kind of secret plan. 
I rolled my eyes. I did not have any interest in anything right now. The only thing I wanted was to leave this pack after meeting with Alpha Lucas. 
“Who is your father?” I heard the woman. 
“Excuse me?” I asked with a frown on my face. 
In no way would I tell her about my father’s name. I did not come here to reveal my identity. 
“Beta Patric is asking. You can’t visit without giving us all the details.” 
“Tell him that Natalia came to visit Alpha Lucas,” I stated in a slightly louder voice so that he could also hear what I was saying 
The expression on the woman’s face shifted slightly, as if Beta Patric had just said something to her. She handed me the phone. “He wants to talk to you 
After placing the bouquets on the desk, I reached out and took the phone from her hand. 
Beta Patric’s voice immediately reached my ear the moment I placed the phone on my ear. noveldrama
“Natalia, is that really you?” 
“Yeah, it’s me. I was summoned to come here by your Alpha, and now am I required to respond to thousands of questions in order to meet his dad? Is th 
My tone was not icy, but it was a bit more formal. He was Adrian’s beta and his close friend. How could I talk to him so friendly? 
“I am sorry for the inconvenience. I’m telling the woman to take you to Alpha Lucas’s cabin directly.” 
I gave the woman her phone back. She talked to Beta Patric while glancing at me. 
Following Beta Patric’s decision to hang up the phone, the woman emerged from her desk and extended her hand to the left side. 
Would 
you kindly, Madam? On this way. 
I reached over to the desk and took one of the bouquets. Before I could catch the second one, the woman held it and said, 
“Let me help you carry it to the cabin.” 
At that moment, she entered an elevator, and I promptly followed her. She pressed on the top button, which was a VIP floor. 
“Accept my sincere apologies, Madam. I was unaware that you were Alpha’s guest. In reality, a large number of young women come to visit his father ev 
I was calmly listening to the woman as she spoke. Continuing on, she said, “Their sole purpose is to meet Alpha Adrian.” 
I snorted in response to her statements. “Your Alpha and his fangirls.” 
The woman blushed, implying that she was one of them. I did not make any further 
statements. 
Whoever his fan was was irrelevant to me. I did not even care about his existence. 
The door of the elevator opened. As soon as I emerged from it, I noticed a group of security guards dressed in black suits standing outside a door. 
When I looked at them, I came to a complete stop 
“They are bodyguards that Alpha set up for the purpose of ensuring the safety of his father,” the woman notified me. 
I averted my gaze from the security guards and made my way towards the door. After asking the woman a few questions about me, the guards nodded at her and allowed me to enter. 
Due to the fact that she was not permitted to enter the cabin, the woman gave the bouquet that she was holding to a security guard and then left the floo
A guard opened the door for me, and I proceeded to enter the luxurious cabin. 
The scent of several pharmaceutical concoctions made its 
ite way into my 
way 
my nostrils. 
The man who was lying on the hospital bed caught my attention as I looked at him. There was his wife, who was sitting next to him and reading a newsp 
To look at me, she moved her head to the side. It appeared as though she was taken aback by the presence of me there. 
“Luna” 
I approached her. She got up from the stool that she had been seated on. 
I gave her a friendly grin before placing the bouquet on the tiny table that was located next to the bed. 
She pulled me into a hug and asked, “How are you, Natalia?” 
The kind act that she did left me speechless. 
“I’m fine, Luna.” 
She broke the hug and smiled at me. “I’m not a Luna anymore,” she reminded me. 
I was quiet for a few seconds. I could not even call her mom now. She was no longer my mother -in–law. 
I slowly turned my head toward Alpha Lucas. 
“How is he?” I mumbled to Adrian’s mother, Grace Miller. 
“He is really sick. His wolf is not responding to him. According to the doctors, it will take some time for him to return to his good health.” 
I could feel the sorrow in her voice. 
He opened his eyes as if our voice had jolted him up from his sleep. 
When he spotted me, his eyes fit up. 
“Natalia?” 
He lifted his hand, and I immediately held it. 
“Alpha” 
“You came here to meet me?! 
“Yes.” 
“Who told you about me?” 
His words baffled me. Wasn’t he the one who told his son to call me to visit him? 
Before I could reply to him, the door of the cabin opened. 
I heard Auntie Grace speak out in a surprised tone. 
“Adrian? What are you doing here?”
###Alpha 36
As I turned my head, I looked at the door. My attention was drawn to the mighty man who had entered the cabin. 
The handmade tailored suit and ideally brushed hair gave him an appearance of dominance. He looked cold as usual. 
His sharp eyes were gazing around the cabin until they stopped on me. 
My wolf jumped inside at his gaze. Almost instantly, I averted my gaze from him and focused my attention on Alpha Lucas. 
“I heard you were busy today. What are you doing here?” Adrian’s mother asked him. 
“You don’t look happy to see me here,” he replied in a cold tone. 
I almost let out a loud sneer, but I managed to keep my composure. This person was incapable of even having a civil conversation with his parents. He w everything. 
Since he was now the head Alpha, I couldn’t help but wonder if the situation had changed and his parents were now required to comply with his requests 
“Usually, you don’t come to meet your dad. That’s why your mom is asking,” Alpha Lucas replied as he looked at his son. 
At that time, Beta Patric entered the room. He greeted Adrian’s parents. 
“The meeting was canceled, so Alpha was free today,” Beta Patric said to Auntie Grace. 
Beta Patric’s statement caught me completely off guard. He was the one who said to the woman that Adrian was busy in a meeting. 
Therefore, why did he lie and say that the meeting had been canceled and that Adrian was available? 
In what way could they possibly arrive here so quickly? I knew his company was close to the pack hospital, but still. 
I chose to disregard the things that were going through my head. I was about to go to take the flower bouquet that I had bought for Alpha Lucas, but I rea 
hand. 
Auntie Grace was able to comprehend the situation. She reached for the bouquet and then delivered it to me. I smiled at her and gave it to Alpha Lucas. 
“This is you, Alpha.” 
He slowly moved his hand away from mine and took hold of the bouquet. 
He wanted to sit up. Together with Auntie Grace I assisted him in sitting up. 
Auntie Grace told me to sit on the stool. I sat on it so that I could talk to Alpha Lucas.
While everything was going on, Adrian made his way to the couch, which was located on the right side of the bed. 
The cabin has a very spacious layout. As if anyone could hold a meeting there, there were a few couches available for people to sit on. A large closet, a of medical equipment had been arranged for the patient next to the bed. 
I cast a quick glance in the direction of Adrian, who was sitting on a couch that was directly in front of my face. noveldrama
He was also looking at me. The look in his eyes conveyed a sense of surprise, as if he wasn’t expecting me to come here so early. 
“When did you come?” he asked me. 
I averted my gaze from him and replied, 
“Just now.” 
We were the only ones talking to each other, while the others were completely silent. 
Alpha Lucas cleared his throat and asked, 
“My dear, who will inform you about 
my 
health?” 
Why was I feeling that he did not know that I was coming to visit him? My curiosity led me to believe that he was unaware of it. As I turned my head to fa 
‘Didn’t he say that his father had told him that he would not take his medication if I did not come to meet him?‘ I thought while frowning at him. 1) 
As if he understood my look, he turned to his father and asked, 
“Didn’t you want to see her? I called her here.” 
Although he was looking at him, his father remained silent. He then gave a slight nod of his head. 
“Yeah, yeah. He is right. I always talked about you.” 
For some reason, I was unable to refrain myself and told him, 
“He told me that you did not want to take medicine because you wanted to see me. 
Alpha Lucas arched an eyebrow and looked at his son. 
There was a serene expression on Adrian’s face, but he did not look his father in the eye. 
“You said that to her?” Auntie Grace’s voice came to be heard. 
There was a chuckle coming from Alpha Lucas, and he nodded his head.
“He is right. I have so many things to tell you. I did not want to die before saying them.” 
“Alpha,” I said as I shook my head to stop him from talking about death. 
“Just call me Da-” he paused and glanced at his son with a bitter face. 
“Someone took away that right. Just call me Uncle.” 
I lowered my head and replied, “Yeah, Uncle.” 
“It’s because I am no longer the head Alpha of this pack. I am retired now. All I want to do is live my life with my family.” 
I smiled at him and raised my head to look at him. “Don’t be concerned. In a short amount of time, you will regain your health and the ability to live a joyf 
He shook his head and said, 
“I thought at this age I could get my grandchildren to accompany me and Grace. But who can make this foolish man understand what it is like to be a pa 
I felt terrible that I could not let his grandchildren meet him, even if he had grandchildren. The pain I felt in my heart because of this was indescribable. 
I wanted to stay here with Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace for the whole day. 
But Adrian did not want me to remain here in peace. He mocked me by stating, 
“Dad, you want to make me understand what it is like to be a parent? But there are so many people who have babies but are hesitant to accept them as are the fruits of any sin!” a 
###Alpha 37
Adrian’s words shocked me. I turned my head to him immediately to glare at him. His eyes were filled with hostility for me. 
I wish I could yell at him by telling him the truth that those little children were not any sort of fruit of sin but rather his own blood. I wish I could tell him tha 
But you never know. It is possible that once he was aware of the reality, he would say that they were the fruits of that bed service. Not for a moment did I 
front of me did not deserve to know the truth of my children. 
However, I kept myself from letting out anything. It would be necessary for me to keep my temper under control in front of him. 
Coming here gave me the feeling that I was taking on a challenge. Because this man would not let me stay calm for the rest of the day. 
With a reprimand in her voice, Grace Miller told her son, 
“What’s wrong with 
you, 
Adrian? Why are you saying this? No one does that.” 
Adrian let out a dark chuckle. “People do that, Mom. Or I can say some people do that. Many of them don’t give their children the name of their father. Do you h 
The expressions on everyone’s faces were frowning as they listened to him. After clearing his throat, Beta Patric placed a pat on Adrian’s shoulder. 
“Alpha, let’s not talk about others.” 
“Why not, Patric? In our society, people call those children basta-” 
“ALPHA ADRIAN, 
I yelled at him, interrupting him in the middle of his sentence. 
Getting to my feet, I gave him a harsh look. 
His parents looked shocked by my sudden behavior. They did not know that their son was -talking about my children. 
I couldn’t take my eyes off Adrian. My whole body was shaking in anger. 
He rolled his eyes as if he did not care. His one and only goal was to cause me pain. 
My eyes became jumbled with tears. I made a concerted effort to prevent them from escaping 
my eyes. 
‘He was just going to call his own children bastards!‘ I thought and tightened my fists.
“Adrian, will you shut your mouth? What gives you the audacity to call Natalia those names?” Lucas Miller asked his son. 
Considering that I was adopted and did not have biological parents with me, he thought that Adrian was talking about me. 
Adrian did not say anything to his father. His eyes were piercing me. His eyes narrowed, indicating that he was aware that those were my children and that he loathed them. 
‘Calm down, Natalia. Don’t give him a damn,‘ I told myself in my head. 
I turned my attention to Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace. 
“I apologize for inappropriate behavior,” I mumbled while lowering my head. 
No matter how much I was infuriated at their son, I could not deny the fact that he was the head Alpha of their pack. It was inappropriate for me to yell at 
On the other hand, if he had been by himself with me, I would have slapped him once again, just like I did that night in the hotel room. 
How dare he talk about my children? 
“It’s okay, Natalia,” Uncle Lucas said to me. 
While frowning at Adrian, Auntie Grace expressed her frustration by saying, 
“Someone else should be the one to express regret, not you. Sometimes, I feel that this boy is out of our hands.” 
Based on their demeanor, I was able to deduce that they were not in the least bit pleased with Adrian. I had seen how disappointed Uncle Lucas looked at the pack party while glancing at Lynda. 
Was she the reason behind their distance? 
“Just because I don’t talk back to you both. You two can’t disrespect me all the time,” Adrian said to his parents. 
Uncle Lucas scoffed at him. “Now you will discipline your parents? Do you want us to bow down to you, Alpha? 
His hand was grasped by Auntie Grace, who also gave him a pat on the shoulder. “Lucas, let him go. You are not well enough to argue with him right now 
Adrian smirked at them before turning his attention to his beta. 
“Beta Patric, help me to remind them of their own words when I was an ordinary pack member like others.” 
Patric gave Adrian a look and then shook his head in an attempt to stop him. But Adrian was a very stubborn man. By staring at Patric, he gave the impr 
1. up. 
Patric lowered his head and repeated Alpha Lucas’s words that he had said when he was the head Alpha of the pack.
“When it comes to the position, differences in age and relationship are irrelevant. If you are the head Alpha, everyone is obliged to bow in front of you, w 
son.” 
Including me, everyone was staring at Beta Patric 
Adrian let out a chuckle. He shook his head and got to his feet. 
His eyes stayed on me for a moment, and then his gaze eventually moved to his father. 
“Remember to keep your own words in mind. The way you messed with my life and forced me to do things that I did not want to do, I would never forgive 
His father looked away from him. His mother stared at him with teary eyes. 
I felt terrible while looking at them. They looked helpless in front of their son. 
How could Adrian treat his parents like that? How could he forget that they were the ones who brought him into this world and gave him this position? 
He had reached such a level of arrogance that he was unable to even recognize the manner in which he was behaving toward his own parents. 
“I’m leaving,” he announced and then walked to the door. 
Beta Patric did not utter a single word, but he did cast a glance in my direction and at Adrian’s parents. He looked guilty of his Alpha’s behavior. 
As soon as Adrian had left the room with his beta, I switched my attention to his parents. 
I held Uncle Lucas’s hand, which was shaking. He looked really sick, both physically and mentally. 
Auntie Grace shed tears, which shook me. She was a very strong woman in my eyes. So watching her in that state was something I was unable to take. 
I could not help but ask them 
“Why don’t you scold him? The way he was talking, it’s too much.” 
Uncle Lucas let out a deep breath and said, 1) 
“In the past few years, I have noticed something in him. He is no longer the Adrian I used to 
discipline. He is the head Alpha who knows how to fight and rule the world of wolves.” 
“But he is your son too.” 
Auntie Grace shook his head and replied, 
“He still believes that we destroyed his life by forcing him to marry you.” noveldrama
D
###Alpha 38
“But we are no longer married. Now, five years have passed. Why is he still intrigued by that one thing?” I questioned because I was confused. 
“We don’t know. Even when the two of you were married, he was still obedient. But once you had left the pack, he began to undergo a transformation. H hearted man, Uncle Lucas said while thinking about those days when Adrian had started to react strangely. noveldrama
I took hold of Auntie Grace’s hand and rubbed my palm over hers. 
“Everything will be fine. Don’t cry.” 
She nodded her head and wiped her tears. “I’m only worried for my husband.” 
My attention was drawn to Uncle Lucas, who appeared to be in a very weak state. 
At the same time that I felt tears rolling down my cheeks, I pursed my lips. Quickly, I wiped 
them down. 
I was an emotional woman. I could not witness the suffering of other people. 
Alpha Lucas was someone I really respected a lot. I had watched him in his good health when he had the aura to shut down anyone. Now that powerful 
Even though I wanted to return to my pack, I was unable to state anything at that moment. I had the idea to leave the hospital at night after we had finish 
After some time had passed, Auntie Grace positioned herself on the edge of the bed. On the stool, I took a seat. 
“Where were you all these years?” Auntie Grace asked me. 
I was thinking that I should deliver her answer with great care. 
I could not disclose my true identity. In no way did I want that. Not at least now at this time. 
At the same time, I did not want to let them know that I had gotten my wolf. 
If they were to inquire about my mate, what would I say? 
I did not want to lie more and more. How could I possibly tell them that their son, whom I had divorced a few years ago, turned out to be my mate? 
“I was in the Blue Blood Pack,” I replied. 
Uncle Lucas focused on our conversation and asked, 
“How did you go there?”
His inquiry brought up memories of the day I left the Crystal Blood Pack, something I had been reflecting on for quite some time. 
“My brot-” I instantly shut my mouth when I realized what I was going to say. 
“Your what?” Auntie Grace asked. 
I took a moment to clear my throat before responding, “That day, my destiny was on my side. Alpha Jason saw me, entering their boundary.” 
I could see the look of shock on their faces. They were eager to learn more details about the situation. 
“Considering that I was rough at the time, he asked me a lot of questions. As a result of my explanation that I was unable to find a place to go, he allowed me to remain in 
nice man. 
After I had finished talking about my brother, I couldn’t help but break out with a broad smile. Among the influential Alphas, he was one of the most powe 
As if my smile meant something else to them, Uncle Lucas asked with a look of bewilderment, 
“Are you close to him?” 
I chuckled at his question. “Of course I am. It’s simply that Alpha Jason is a man who is highly regarded, and I have a lot of admiration for him. Nothing e 
I received a smile from Auntie Grace. “I have heard about your fiance. I am happy that you are trying to start a new life with someone you like.” 
I was taken aback by her words. 
Fiance? What was she talking about? 
Soon later, I understood what she was saying. She was talking about Beta Eric. Did they also see Eric’s statement on social media? 
“Does he treat you well?” Uncle Lucas asked. 
1 gave it some thought. Of course, he treated me well. Over the course of the past five years, he has been there for me in every circumstance and has assisted me in overcoming them. 
“Yes, he does,” I mumbled. 
I knew they were misunderstanding the relationship between me and Eric. But I could not lie about how Eric treated me. 
I felt a hand stroking my hair. I turned my head and saw Grace grinning at me. “Don’t be concerned about other people. Yes, you are a wonderful woman. My faith is that you will discover the joy that you seek.” 
I stared at her. During the early stages of my marriage to Adrian, she had a strong aversion to me. But with time, she started to like me. Up until this poin 
son.
I thought I should not lie to them about me and Eric. At that moment, I decided to clarify to them that Eric was only trying to save me from that situation. 
“Actually, me and Eri-” 
I could not finish my sentence because the door opened and a group of doctors entered the 
cabin. 
Both Auntie Grace and I got to our feet. 
The doctors turned their attention to Uncle Lucas and made a small bow to him as well as to 
Auntie Grace. 
It was still appropriate to show them some respect, regardless of the fact that they had retired from their positions. 
When I looked over at the doctors, my gaze landed on the one person who was standing in front of them. 
On top of that, he was looking at me. However, he appeared to be amazed, as if he could not believe what he was seeing. 
I smiled at him and said, 
“Doctor Harold”
###Alpha 39
Doctor Harold stared at me for a while. After briefly gazing at Grace Miller and Lucas Miller, he abruptly shifted his attention back to me. 
“Natalia?” he mumbled my name. 
I approached him and asked, 
“How are you, Doctor Harold?” 
“Good. It’s been a long time.” 
“Yeah, a very long time.” 
Based on his look, I was able to fully understand that he was uncertain as to whether Adrian had captured me or whether I had returned to this pack by m 
Even though I wanted to express my gratitude to him at that very moment, I refrained from doing so. 
I just wanted to alleviate his concern, so I said to him, 
“I came here to meet Uncle Lucas.” 
He nodded his head in response and let out a lower tone. 
“Oh, I see.” 
Due to the fact that they were unfamiliar with me, the doctors were looking at me. I moved out of the way so that they could examine the patient. 
“Harold, my son. Is everything okay?” Auntie Grace asked. 
Before making his way to Lucas Miller, Doctor Harold gave her a small nod. 
I caught a glimpse of Doctor Harold’s hand and noticed that he was holding a file. 
“The report has come out. Therefore, it is necessary for us to have a conversation with Alpha,” he said to Auntie Grace. 
He was talking about Adrian. He wanted to discuss the report with Adrian. 
“There is no need for you to talk to him. My health issues are something that you can say to me.” Uncle Lucas said. 
Some time ago, he and his son were engaged in a brief argument. So I thought it was reasonable for him to say that. 
“But, Mr. Miller, this is indeed serious. I can’t say anything in his absence.” Doctor Harold tried to explain. 
I was able to observe the sentiment on Doctor Harold’s face. Something was wrong with Uncle Lucas’s health because he appeared to be quite nervous about it. 
One of the doctors went to Uncle Lucas and helped him lie do on the bed. He raised his hand, and another physician gave a dosage to him, which he then injected into Uncle Lucas’s 
arm. 
The doctor said, “It will provide you with some light relief.” 
“Could you all please explain to me what’s happening with my husband?” With a tone of rage, Auntie Grace posed the question. 
I let out a sigh and walked to Doctor Harold. 
“Can I check the reports?” 
My inquiry left everyone in a state of astonishment. There was a frown that could be seen between the brows of Doctor Harold. He might be wondering w 
Regardless of his confusion, he handed the file to me. 
After opening the file, I went ahead and looked at the initial report. 
The wolf that belonged to Uncle Lucas was showing signs of weakness due to an overdose. The sight of that caused my eyebrows to rise. 
During the time that I was reading about the symptoms he was experiencing and the anguish that he was experiencing, I kept turning the pages. 
The room was completely silent for a moment. 
I looked at Doctor Harold when I had finished reading the file and remarked, “He needs a cure that can remove the effect of the overdose.” 
“Overdose? Overdose of what?” Auntie Grace inquired with disbelief on her face. 
The eyes of Doctor Harold were solely focused on me. As if he only heard my question, he asked me, 
“How do you know all of this? How do you know that he needs a cure?” 
I averted my eyes from him and glanced away. Here, no one was aware of my qualifications. 
I was a topper student in the medical field. During the previous four years, I spent most of my time in the pack hospital. 
But I was hesitant to say anything in front of Adrian’s parents. 
So I chose to disregard his inquiry and instead asked, “What is the treatment that can be of 
assistance to him?” 
Doctor Harold understood what I was trying to do. So he did not disappointed tone. 
expose me and replied with a 
“He needs the wolf vine cure. It’s a cure that can heal our inner wolf.” 
Auntie Grace appeared to be at ease. It was her hope that her husband would be healthy in a short amount of time. 
However, her happiness could not last for long because one of the doctors spoke out by saying, noveldrama
“Our pack doesn’t have that cure. That cure is very expensive.” 
Auntie Grace frowned at the doctor. “What did you just say? Expensive? Do you mean we have less money? My husband brought the pack to its highest 
Doctor Harold shook his head. “Mrs. Miller, calm down. He did not intend to say that at all. Healers are the only ones who have the ability to create that c 
Patiently, I listened to what Doctor Harold was saying. Indeed, Doctor Max was out of his pack At that moment, he was the most powerful healer in the c was my mentor, too. 
But I knew about the cure Doctor Harold was talking about. 
When I looked over, I noticed that Uncle Lucas was sleeping because of the injection dose. The eyes of Auntie Grace appeared to be filled with mist. 
After taking a few long breaths, I shifted my attention to Doctor Harold and said, 
“Don’t worry about the cure. I’ll manage it.” 
D
###Alpha 40
Everyone was shocked when they heard me. 
The other doctors started to talk about me. 
“How can you say that? You don’t even know what the treatment is, do you? That cure is not something that can be prepared by just anyone.” 
“That’s right. Every year, we all make an effort to interact with Doctor Max, even if it’s simply to say hello to him. And here you are talking about giving us 
I choose to ignore their comments. My eyes were fixed entirely on Doctor Harold the entire time. 
He raised his hand to signal to the doctors to stop talking. Because he was the chief physician, he was held in high esteem by all of the doctors at the ho noveldrama
Are you sure, Natalia?” he asked me. 
It left the doctors stunned. They raised their heads to look at Doctor Harold. 
They were utterly bewildered as to why Doctor Harold would put his faith in someone who appeared out of nowhere. 
“Yes,” I responded with self–assurance. 
As he looked at Auntie Grace, who was standing behind me, he gave me a nod and then looked ahead. As I turned to face her, I noticed that she was in 
“If Natalia can help us, then we will rescue him from his health issues. If she is really capable of assisting us, it will be a miracle.” Doctor Harold said this 
“Natalia, is it really true that you have that cure? Will you really help your Uncle Lucas?” Auntie Grace inquired of me with a tone of eagerness. 
I nodded at her. To express her gratitude, she encircled me in her embrace. 
“I don’t know how to repay you for this. After the things that happened in the past, you still came to help us.” 
I gave her the assurance that I would do everything in my power to assist her husband. 
Doctor Harold cleared his throat and said, 
“I’m informing Alpha to meet me as soon as possible. I need to talk to him.” 
There was a smile on Auntie Grace’s face as she addressed Doctor Harold and asked, “Will Lucas be fine soon, Harold?” 
When Harold looked at me, it was as if he believed that I was the one person who could save him from this situation. I gave him a nod, and He responde 
“He will.” 
After heaving a breath of relief, Auntie Grace went to Uncle Lucas to sit next to him. 
During the time that Doctor Harold was looking at me, the other doctors went to adjust something in the medical equipment.
“I’m leaving. Someone informed me that my close friend had returned to this pack and wanted to meet me earlier today.‘ 
I was aware that he was referring to me in his statement. I gave him a grin before he left the 
cabin. 
I stayed with Auntie Lucas for some time. She kept asking me if I knew how to make a cure or how I read those reports. 
future. 
My response to her was that I would tell them about myself at some point in the not now. I told her that I wanted her to trust me. 
She explained that she had no other choice than to put her faith in me because her husband was on the verge of dying. 
When I saw a guard come with lunch for Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace, I stood up. 
“Have lunch with me. Your uncle is sleeping, so I have to eat alone anyway.” Auntie Grace requested. 
ou can have lunch. I have to meet someone here. I will return in an hour.” 
“Auntie, you 
Auntie Grace did not stop me. I left the cabin to meet Doctor Harold because it was lunchtime, and it was possible that he was free at this moment. 
One of the security guards gave me a bouquet of white roses as soon as I came out of the cabin. I realized that I had bought it for Doctor Harold. To be h 
I thanked the guard for taking care of it and then made my way to the elevator. 
After entering the elevator, I pressed on the floor of the head doctor’s chamber. 
I waited for the floor to come. When the elevator reached the floor, the door opened, and I saw Doctor Harold standing outside the elevator. 
It appeared as though he was going somewhere. A smile appeared on his face as he entered the elevator. 
“Hi,” 
We were alone in the elevator. So I smiled at him back and replied, 
“Hi, I was just coming to meet you.” 
He did not look surprised. Instead, he asked, 
“Why didn’t you come earlier? I was waiting for you.” 
“My intention was not to be a nuisance to you during your work hours.”
He chuckled at my remarks. I shook my head and added, 
“Actually, I did not want to leave Auntie Grace in that emotional state. 
I noticed Harold taking a quick look at the bouquet. Almost instantly, I gave it over to him. “It’s for you. I can not express how grateful I am for everything you did for me five years ago.” 
This time, he looked amazed by my thankfulness. While he was holding the bouquet, he asked with a lower tone, 
“Did your childr-” 
Before he could finish his sentence, I replied, “They survived.“. 
It was because I knew what he was trying to ask. 
For a time, he focused his gaze on me. The bell on the elevator rang, and the door slowly opened. 
We walked out of the elevator. My intention was to thank him, which I had already done. So I thought about taking my leave, but he stopped me. 
“Natalia, let’s have lunch together.”
###Alpha 41
I did not refuse Doctor Harold’s request since I also wanted to talk to him about Uncle Lucas’s 
health. 
I nodded my head in agreement with him. 
“We have a cafeteria for all of the medical professionals working in the hospital. Is it okay if we go there?” he asked me. 
“Yeah, sure.” 
Both of us headed in the direction of the cafeteria. On the left side of the lobby area, there was indeed a captivating cafeteria. 
The place was kept in a very clean and comfortable manner. Following our walk into the cafeteria, people who were dressed in white coats cast a glance 
Regarding Doctor Harold, they showed their respect by giving him a slight nod of the head. As he made his way to the last table on the window side, he 
‘Have a seat,” he said as he pulled a chair out for me to sit in. 
“Thank you.” 
When I sat down, he moved to the chair that was facing me, which was the opposite chair. 
After placing the bouquet on the table, he called the waiter. The waiter came and stood beside our table. 
“Doctor Harold,” the waiter greeted him and glanced at me. 
I felt awkward since people started to glance at me. I began to think that it was a really bad decision to come here to have lunch. It would have been better if we had gone outside. 
did as he moved ther 
“Please order something that you like,” Doctor Harold toward me, which had been placed on the table. noveldrama
The fact that I did not eat breakfast today caused me to feel hungry. Holding the menu card in my hand, I placed an order for myself. Then, I handed the many back to Doctor Harold. He ordered something for him. After taking our order, the waiter left our table. 
“So? How did you manage to stay alive? Without a doubt, it is a miracle.” Doctor Harold said. 
1 looked at my hands, which were resting on the table. I turned my head to the window, which was located in a spot where I could see the outside of the hospital. Cars were crossing the roads. 
After collecting my words, I replied to him, 
“It was difficult to cross the border. But fate was on the side of my children. It saved my babies
and me.‘ 
” 
“How are they?” 
I turned my attention to him. “They are doing well and in good health. Thank you, Doctor Harold, for keeping my secret.” 
“Call me Harold since you have already thought of me as a close friend.” 
According to my understanding, the receptionist might have repeated to him what I had said to her. 
I gave him a small smile. “Indeed. If I can call you my friend, it won’t be wrong, Harold.” 
“I have watched those posts.” 
“Posts?” I asked with a confused look. 
“The statement of the beta of the Blue Blood Pack and then your post about Lynda and Alpha Adrian.” 
“Oh.” 
“Everyone thought you were dead. But after watching your pictures with Alpha, I learned that you are now living in the Blue Blood Pack.” 
“Yeah. That pack is my home now.” 
“Just how are you managing to make a living there? What about your children? How are your raising them? If you feel any difficulties, you can ask for help anytime.” 
“Thanks, Harold, for your thoughtfulness and assistance. But I am really happy there. My babies are growing up really well. Do you want to see their pict 
“Of course,” he responded with a delighted grin. 
I pulled out my phone from my bag. I was stunned when I saw so many missed calls from my brother and Beta Eric. 
Harold took a brief glance at the screen of my phone and asked, 
“Was he telling the truth in the statement?” 
I raised my head to look at him. This man really helped me a lot. So, I did not want to lie to him. I shook my head in response. 
He raised his brows. “Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
“Then why didn’t you clear the things to the public?” 
I shrugged my shoulders and replied, “I don’t need to. I don’t care what this pack’s members think about me.”
He stared at me for a while, as if thinking about something. 
After that, I went to the gallery on my phone and showed Harold some pictures of my 
children. I showed him how they looked when they were born. 
“They look like their father,” Harold mumbled. 
I looked away from him and took back my phone. As I lowered my head, I bit the bottom of my lip tightly. 
Honestly, I was at a loss for words. My parents also said the same. 
I was fortunate that Adrian could not recognize the resemblance between him and them. 
I was thinking about how they met him. They could not forget him. One of them wanted to meet him again; another one did not like him at all. 
I was occupied with my thoughts when I heard Harold. 
“Do you know that Adrian knows about them?” 
I looked at him and replied, “They met him at the airport when I was heading back from the council event.” 
I frowned at him and asked, “But how do you know about it?” 
He turned to the window and sighed. 
“He came to me a few days ago and asked me if you were pregnant when he left you in the hospital five years ago.” 
My heart skipped a beat as I couldn’t help but worry about what would happen if Adrian found out the truth. 
“What did you say?” I asked with hope. 
“I wanted to lie. He was already aware of the dates on which your children were born.” 
Upon hearing him, I felt a tightening of my heart on the inside. 
“D–Did yo-” 
“I told him that I 
not check on you that day,” he said, turning his head to me, then adding, 
“Don’t worry. I have removed all of the records of your pregnancy that were contained within the hospital documents. He will never get to know that he is 
I let out a shaky breath. I could not say anything for a while but only stared at the man before me. I knew Adrian very well. He might have warned him to 
There was a silence between us.
After some time, I placed my hand over his, which was resting on the table. 
“Thank you so much, Harold.” 
Harold smiled at me, but when he lifted his gaze to look behind me, his smile faded. 
His eyes widened in surprise as he let out,
###Alpha 42
I turned my head immediately. There he was, the Alpha Adrian, standing a little distance from 
my chair. 
Other doctors recognized him and stood up to bow to him. 
Adrian’s hands were tucked into the pockets of his pants. Although his face was indifferent, his eyes were fixed on something. 
I followed his gaze and turned to see where he was looking. 
His eyes were fixed on my hand, which was over Harold’s hand. I slowly removed my hand and rolled my eyes. 
1 once again shifted my attention to Adrian. Now he was looking at the bouquet of white roses! 
I assumed he had spotted the bouquet either while he was entering or exiting his father’s cabin this morning. 
I ignored his presence and did not care to look at him again. 
I came here for just one day. But how come I meet him twice a day? 
Harold looked away from Adrian and moved his chair to stand up. 
During the moment when he was ready to stand up to bow to him, Adrian walked to him and pushed him on the shoulder with his hand lightly to sit him d 
“Doctor Harold, no need to stand up,” Adrian stated in a tone that was calm and collected. 
I could see Harold turned nervous under his dominant aura. Even though Adrian did not allow him to stand up, he nonetheless bowed his head slightly while he was sitting in his chair. 
Adrian switched his attention to the other doctors, who were still bowing their heads. With a gesture of his hand, he indicated for them to take a seat. The 
Taking a quick glance, I noticed that Adrian’s hand was still resting on Harold’s shoulder. 
I thanked my fate once more for saving me. If we had not been silent after discussing my children and Adrian had listened to our conversation, he would 
Two dishes and cutlery appeared at the table as the waiter came to place them. 
“Oh, you two are having meals,” Adrian said as he removed his hand from Harold’s shoulder. 
“Alpha, please have a seat,” Harold said to him politely. 
Though I did not want Adrian to sit at the same table where I was sitting, I could not stop Harold. It was his duty. Adrian was his alpha. 
“If you are insisting…” Adrian muttered and sat down next to me. 
I became so angry that I clenched my
my fists. 
What a shameless man he was! 
It was not even insisting. Harold wanted to show respect, so he simply just asked him. 
did he have to sit with us? In fact, he could have taken a seat next to Harold. There was empty chair beside him. 
“Alpha, you are here at this time?” Harold asked him after calming himself. He also felt frightened that Adrian had almost learned about his lies. 
But he tried to calm his composer since Adrian did not listen to anything. 
“Why? You were not expecting me here at this hour?” Adrian asked with a mocking tone. 
“It’s not like that, Alpha.” 
“Perhaps I interrupted your date,” Adrian muttered and turned his head toward me. 
ап 
Hearing him, I looked at him with a frown. His eyes were digging at me, revealing a level of resentment that I could not identify. 
“You are misunderstanding us. We were discussing your father’s health. Natalia agreed to help him.” Harold tried to explain. 
Adrian raised an eyebrow while keeping his eyes on me. “Oh, really? How?” 
I averted my gaze from him. I started to feel awkward. 
My wolf was going absolutely insane from his scent. I took a deep breath and then closed my eyes. 
“Nancy.” 
1 attempted to communicate with my wolf in my mind. 
“He is right next to us! Our mate is with us!” My wolf jumped inside. 
“He is not a good man. Stop feeling something for him,” I warned my wolf. 
“He is our mate. There is no way you can deny the truth.” 
-I shut her inside and rubbed my forehead. I could not let my wolf take over me. This man did not deserve us. 
During the time that I was preoccupied with my wolf, Harold had already provided Adrian with any and all information regarding his father’s health report. 
“Didn’t you say only Max Harrison has the cure? Adrian asked Harold.
“Yeah, but Natalia said th-” 
“How can I trust her with my father’s health?” 
I turned my attention to Adrian. I shook my head in disbelief. 
The reason I came all the way here was to pay a visit to his father, and he was asking how he could possibly trust me with his father’s health? 
“Who needs your trust? Your mom trusts me. I believe your dad also does.” I retorted. 
Adrian ignored my question and asked Harold, 
“How long will the procedure run? When will you give him the cure?” 
After giving the matter some thought for a while, Harold finally responded, 
“We need to observe Mr. Lucas for a week. We are going to have to give him a prescription for some medication. In order for him to be able to withstand 
“Okay,” was the only response that Adrian gave in response. 
At that time, Harold’s phone started to ring. He received the call. Suddenly, a frown appeared. on his face, and he stood up straight immediately. 
He hung up the call and bowed to Adrian. 
“There’s an emergency. I need to leave now.” 
Adrian gave him a nod. Harold turned his gaze at me. 
“Take care, Natalia.” 
I glanced at his untouched food. “You didn’t eat anything.” 
“I will tell the waiter to pack my food and deliver it to my chamber.” 
I nodded at him. He grabbed the bouquet. After glancing at Adrian for the last time, he left the 
cafeteria. 
Being seated with Adrian caused me to lose my appetite. Just as I thought about standing 
leave, I heard his voice again. noveldrama
“Not bad, woman. Two–timing, huh?”
###Alpha 43
“Excuse me?” 
I was shocked by his remarks. How could he say that to me? 
“Stop acting as if you are innocent. Does the person you are claiming to be your fiance know what you are doing here? Do you have the intention of dest 
I laughed at him like a mad woman. This man was getting on my nerves! 
“A man who cheated on his wife and stayed with his mistress during their marriage will give me loyal advice now?” 
He scoffed at me. His smirk was devilish. His aura was cold and deadly at the same time. 
“If I did that, then what did you do? What about your bastard children?” 
My eyes widened when I heard his words. He once again brought my children into Conversation. 
“How dare you talk about my children?” I asked with a stern look. 
As a result of my inability to control myself, my voice was a little bit loud. Adrian turned his head and looked around at the other people in the cafeteria. 
They stood up and began to leave. When I was about to stand up, Adrian grabbed my hand and 
held it under the table. 
“Where are you escaping? After insulting me in front of my pack doctors, now you want to run away in fear?” He questioned me, his eyes flashing red, which caused me to feel a tremor deep. 
within. 
“Leave my hand.” 
“Don’t you 
the strength to remove it by yourself?” 
I struggled to free myself from his grasp. But he was so powerful that I could not set my hand free. 
“WHAT DO YOU WANT, ADRIAN?” I yelled at him. 
It turned out to be a good thing that the cafeteria was already empty. Otherwise, this man would make a scene in front of others. 
For some reason, his grip loosened. I did not know my yell would affect him this much. 
It was not possible that he was afraid of my yelling or something. Then why did he leave my hand so suddenly?noveldrama
After getting to his feet, he proceeded to walk to the chair where Harold had been sitting 
earlier. 
stood up and turned around to leave. 
“Did I permit you to leave?” 
did not pay attention to what the man had to say and continued proceeding towards the exit. 
“Don’t forget that you are in my pack right now. My hands are not tied to punish you in any 
His warning stopped me in my tracks. 
“I will cage you in the dungeon, and no other Alpha or Beta will be able to rescue you from there,” he alerted me. 
If it weren’t for Alpha Lucas, I would never have bothered to enter this pack in the first place. 
After all this time, this man still had the arrogance to blackmail me! 
Should I call my brother? But it would only create arguments between two packs. 
With a clenched jaw, I turned around to look at him. 
han 
“What do you want?” I asked with an angry tone. 
He pointed to the chair I was sitting in and said, 
‘Sit here.” 
I stomped my foot on the floor and walked to the table again. 
sat on the chair. “Now what?” 
He pushed the plate of food toward me. 
“Eat.” 
Jfrowned at him. “What?” 
“told you to consume all of your meal. Or are you interested in wasting food?” 
“Do you really think I have any appetite after watching your face?” 
His eyes turned back to black. His wolf appeared to be on the verge of taking possession of kw, but he managed to keep it under control.
Without uttering a single word, he simply gazed at me. 
1 felt grumbling in my stomach. 
To be honest, I was starving, but not to the extent that I was forced to listen to this man. 
I had not forgotten how I ran into the forest with an empty stomach. 
Even as I stared at him, my mind kept going back to the day that I had left his pack. I could not forget the suffering and pain that I had to feel when I was 
‘Didn’t he say that he did not care if I died when my father tried to contact him? Now he was telling me to have my food?‘ 1 thought. 
Tears flickered in my eyes. 1 tightened my fists to control my tears. 
‘Please, please. “Demonstrating my tears to this man is the last thing I wish to do.” I said to myself. 
He was looking at me. As if he wanted to watch my tears roll down my cheeks, he did not even blink to break eye contact with me. He appeared to be int 
‘Why? Why is he affecting me so much? No, no. In front of him, I can’t afford to show weakness.‘ I kept reminding myself. 
I was the one who broke eye contact. I lowered my head and blinked my tears away, then took a deep breath. 
I thought he would allow me to leave if I finished eating. I decided to leave the pack after meeting Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace. 
So I reached for the spoon and started to eat quietly. 
The whole cafeteria was silent. 
THE! 
I heard the sound of something. Upon a quick peek, I noticed that Adrian had lit a cigarette and 
started smoking. 
What did he want to do? 
I chose to ignore him and continue eating. 
As I chewed my food in a furious manner, I said to myself, 
‘Why would I waste my time on him? I didn’t listen to him. I am eating my food because I am hungry. 
After finishing my meal, I grabbed a glass of water. I showed Adrian that I was ignoring hist presence completely. 
However, as I just started drinking water, he asked,
“Who is the father of your children?”
###Alpha 44
Hearing his question, water spilled out of my mouth. As I coughed, I patted my head out of 
frustration. 
“What’s the matter? The question didn’t suit you?” 
Because of his icy tone, I coughed even more. During my coughing, my eyes turned teary. 
By gulping down the entire glass of water, I attempted to soothe the discomfort in my 
My gaze was directed at Adrian as I slammed the glass down firmly on the table. 
Should I kill this man? Should I take my revenge on him? Would it make me feel better? 
Because this man did not deserve anything. 
throat. 
His power and position only made him more arrogant. Should I kill this man right here and put an end to the fear that is within the hearts of this pack’s m 
He puffed on the smoke while looking at me. 
His dark glare was indicating to me that the instant I took anyone’s name, he would make another terrible statement for me. 
“You don’t have to think about their father. Because you are not the one.” I said and stood up. 
I could see a fire burning within his eyes as if he were trying to keep his temper in check. 
“I came here for your dad. I will return to my pack tonight.” I reminded him. 
“If my parents really knew what their so–called favorite ex–daughter–in–law had done during those two years, they would have despised you.” 
I laughed when I heard him. 
“Alpha Adrian, you need to get over me. I am no longer your wife. You should forget about your past, in which you married me and your life was ruined. T 
Lynda.” 
someday with your belove 
My tone was full of mockery. However, I knew it would not affect him. Because it was what he would do in the future. 
About the rejection ceremony you want to hold, I don’t want to be a part of it,” I told him. noveldrama
I grabbed my phone from the table and turned around to leave. 
Suddenly, my phone began to ring. It was Eric who was calling me.
I received the call and headed to the door. 
“Eric,” 
This time, Adrian did not attempt to prevent me from going. The weight of my heart was heavy as I made my way out of the cafeteria. 
“Are you okay?” Eric asked. 
“Yeah.” 
“I was wondering why you weren’t picking up our calls. Did Adrian do something again?” 
Upon entering the lobby area, I proceeded to take a seat on one of the couches. I rubbed my forehead. I was tired of Alpha Adrian. 
“No, Eric. You know that I often fail to remember to turn off the silent mode.” 
“Don’t make us worry. Turn it off right now.” 
“Okay.” 
I moved my phone away from my ear and turned off the silent mode on it. 
“Done.” 
“Good girl.” 
I giggled at his compliment. “Eric, what are my babies doing?” 
“They are having fun with their grandparents.” 
“That’s a relief.” 
“No, that’s not. They want you to come back here soon. When will you return, Natalia?” 
After a little pause, I pondered. As my eyes traveled over the lobby area, they eventually landed on Adrian, who was standing in the opposite section. He 
“What the hell! Is he a stalker or what?” I muttered under 
my breath. 
Eric’s voice reached my ears. “Who is stalking you?” 
“A random guy,” I mumbled, looking away from Adrian. 
“Should I come to teach him a lesson?”
“No way, buddy. I am enough to give him a slap.” 
Eric laughed when he heard me. He asked, “Remember when a doctor used to like you and stalk you in your college days?” 
I rolled my eyes and replied, “And you and Jason beat him like hell. I mean, bro, come on. He 
did not even disturb me, but you two are overprotective wolves.” 
We both laughed as we reflected on the old days at the same moment. We had spent five years together. We had so many memories with my family. Eri 
“Brother called me. I could not receive it. Should I call him back?” I asked him, thinking that Jason would scold me. 
“Don’t call him. I’ll inform him that you are leaving that pack today.” 
“Thanks for saving me again and again.” 
After talking with Eric, I stood up. I realized that had been talking to him for a while. 
I turned to the other side and noticed that Adrian was not there. I felt relieved and went to the 
elevator. 
I went to the top floor to meet Uncle Lucas again. I noticed that he was receiving an IV drop when I arrived at his cabin. 
Auntie Grace noticed me and said, 
“A few minutes ago, Harold came to explain to us about his medication.” 
“Oh.” 
“He said he would discharge Lucas for a week.” 
“That’s good.” 
The attention of Uncle Lucas, who was staring at the ceiling, was drawn to me. 
“Uncle, how are you feeling right now?” I asked as I walked to him. 
The fact that the doctors were releasing him indicates that I was free to go back to my pack.. 
Uncle Lucas turned his head toward me and lifted his hand. With a smile on my face, I took his 
hand. 
“You’ll be alright very soon. I promise you.” I gave him my word.
I could feel his hand shaking. He asked with a broken voice, 
“Can I request something from you, my child?” 
I nodded my head immediately. “Yeah, sure. Anything Uncle.” 
 
He gave his wife a brief glance before turning his attention back to me and saying, “Stay here with us for a week.” 
I was stunned by his request. I wanted to refuse him. 
I felt Auntie Grace’s hand on my shoulder. 
“Listen to your uncle. Stay with us for a week. He will feel good. He is feeling regret for how Adrian behaved with you all those years. So now he is requesting that you remain with us for a time so that we can express our gratitude to you. You are even helping him manage the cure.” 
I looked at both of them. I had problems with Adrian, not with his parents. 
Although I wanted to leave right then, I could not refuse their request. 
“Okay, I will stay with you for a week.” 
It was evening, and I was leaving the hospital through the gate. My driver came out of the car and opened the back door for me as soon as he spotted m 
I got inside and sat there in complete silence. 
My driver got inside the vehicle and was going to start it, but I stopped him before he could do 
1. SO.
###Alpha 45
“Wait.” 
I knew he would be driving in the direction of the Blue Blood Pack, but I was not going back tonight. 
The fact that I agreed with Uncle Lucas did not change the fact that I was aware that it would be the worst week that I would remember for a very long tim 
In light of the fact that Adrian did not allow me to take a single breath of relaxation for an entire day, remaining in his pack for a week was essentially giving him the opportunity to insult me even further. 
‘Why am I so emotional? Shit! I can’t even say no to them.‘ I told myself. 
“Miss? What happened?” After turning his head to look at me, the driver inquired. 
“Go to a hotel.” 
He shook his head, and his eyes widened in surprise. 
“Alpha Jason will kill me.” It was in a trembling voice that he added, “I can’t let you stay in this pack for another day.” 
“I’m going to have a conversation with him. Don’t worry. I plan to stay here for a week.” 
The driver had no choice but to listen to me. When he started the car, he set the map to take him to a hotel that was rated five stars. 
I was looking outside the window. Feeling the cold breeze, I felt it tickling inside my nose. 
I stared at my lap for a while. I decided to call Jason so many times, but I could not dare dial his number. 
If he found out that I had chosen to remain in this location, he would get enraged with me. 
I knew Eric would not support me in my decision either. 
So lastly, I dialed my father’s number. He was the one in my family who always spoiled me. I believed he could not say no to me. 
“Dad.” The moment he received the call, I spoke out. 
Natalia, have you departed from there yet?” 
I was initially taken aback by his question. “No, dad,” I quietly muttered. 
“Oh, then don’t leave that pack today. Depart tomorrow.” 
It took me by surprise. “Why, Dad?” 
“That pack is really dangerous. Therefore, I do not want you to get into difficulty at night.”
“Dad, there is something I want to tell you.” I mumbled it in a low voice. 
As if he understood something was wrong, he asked, “What happened, Natalia? Is everything okay, my dear?” 
I took a deep breath. Rather than beating around the bush, I ought to come clean with him. about the situation. 
“Dad, everything is okay. But I have to stay here for a week.” 
There was complete silence on the other end of the phone for a few seconds. 
“Dad?” 
“Why? Have you changed your mind about him after meeting him again?” 
I was startled after hearing him. He had the misconception that I had become emotional after meeting Adrian, but this was not the case. Simply put, I ha 
“What? No, dad. It’s not about Adrian. I don’t even like to see his face. It’s about his dad. He needs a cure, and I think I can help him.” 
“Natalia, you don’t have to do so many things for his family. He doesn’t deserve it.” 
“Dad, please. Try to understand me. Alpha Lucas always adored me like his daughter. Despite the fact that I was his gamma’s adopted daughter and that I had always received neglect, he never failed to treat me with respect. How can I possibly refuse to give him what he seeks w 
I tried to explain to my father. When I was an orphan and my adopted parents used to mistreat me, Alpha Lucas was the one who saw potential in me. H 
“He wants the cure from you?” my father asked. 
He misunderstood by thinking that Alpha Lucas was greedy. Without delay, I responded to him by saying, 
“No, Dad. I want to help him myself. According to the physicians, the remedy would be injected into his body after a week; therefore, he just wants me to 
I prayed in my head that he would allow me to stay there. If he agreed, he would manage Jason, too. 
“Dad, please.” 
“Natalia, you are an adult woman. You have the full right to do whatever you think is good for you. If you want to stay there for some time, I won’t stop you.” 
When he said those things, I realized that he was trying to convey that he was unhappy with the decision that I had made. But because I was the one wh 
I let out a sigh. “Thank you so much, Dad.” 
“But what about Aria and Noah? They never stayed away from you for such a long time. Would you like me to send them to you?” 
“No, dad. They should stay away from this pack I will be in touch with them every day. They won’t cause you any trouble.” 
“They are our babies. They never troubled us anyway.”
I was able to relax after having a conversation with my father.. noveldrama
I could only wish that this entire week would be over as quickly as possible. It was my hope that Adrian would not do anything to make my life more diffic 
###Alpha 46
The car stopped in the parking lot of a five–star hotel. During my attempt to get out of the car, the driver opened the door for me to assist me. 
I thanked him and instructed him to make a reservation for a room for himself at the hotel. In order to alleviate his concerns, I assured him that I would b 
The driver gave me a nod. While I was looking around, I entered the hotel. 
When it came to the hotel business, the Crystal Blood Pack was doing exceptionally well. These types of five– star hotels were available in this pack. It seemed as though a great number of Alphas came here to release their pleasure. 
People around me glanced at me when I made my way to the lobby area. 
I proceeded to the reception area and asked about the rental of a 
room. 
“Miss, what kind of room do you find most comfortable? A view of the forest? Side of the swimming pool? View from the rooftop 
or-“1 
When the receptionist was speaking, I interrupted her by saying, “Any room would be fine. Just give me a room with full privacy. I don’t want any man to 
The receptionist looked stunned by my remarks. While she was checking the computer, she gave me a nod of her head. She asked me for my information while she typed some 
I gave her my phone number as well as my fingerprint. After she had finished everything, she gave me the key to my room. 
I grabbed the key and headed for the room. 
After arriving in the room, I went to take a bath. noveldrama
I allowed myself some time to relax in the bathtub. During the time that I was submerged in the water, I closed my eyes and positioned my head in the co 
Suddenly, Adrian’s face appeared in my mind. Today, when he asked me questions about my children, I was scared that he would find out about them ve 
The ringtone of my phone prompted me to open my eyes. 
I remembered that I had turned off silent mode when Eric told me to do that. 
I tried to get out of the water. 
My right hand accidentally brushed across the corner of the bathtub as I was in a hurry.
After giving my hand a little rub, I cautiously stood up. 
I looked at my right arm. It was the hand that never let me forget Adrian Miller. 
I looked away from my hand and wrapped a towel around my body. 
While wiping my hair, I emerged from the bathroom. I noticed that my phone was starting to ring once more. 
In a hurry, I went to pick up the phone. When I took a quick look at the screen, I saw that Jason was the one who was calling me 
continually. 
I understood that my father might talk to him about me. 
I received the call and brought the phone in close to my ear. 
“How can you agree on something so foolish?” My brother’s loud voice echoed throughout the whole room, though it was not on the loudspeaker. 
“Brother.” 
“What brother? You didn’t even give Alpha Lucas a moment of consideration before you gave in to his demands. It is impossible for me to allow you to st 
“Brother, please. I talked to Dad. He understood me.” 
“This is something that you always do. Every time you have to do something that is against my will, you go to Dad to convince him to do it before the situ 
“Brother, please don’t get angry.” 
When Jason heard me, he took a few deep breaths. 
It was his responsibility, as a brother, to look out for me. Adrian had hurt me before, so he did not want him to harm his sister again. 
“I’m coming to that pack to bring you back with me. They don’t deserve your help.” 
“Brother, please don’t do this. I don’t want our packs to become adversaries with one another. It would only result in the growth of new problems. I didn’t 
to this pack, it will just cause us all to be troubled.” 
I did everything in my power to persuade him. I knew my brother. If he decided to come here, he would try to kill Adrian 
for sure. 
“Natalia, if you want that, I won’t get involved in your situation. But I want you to know that I am not pleased with the choice you made.”
Saying that, Jason cut the call, demonstrating that he was upset with me. 
I removed my phone from my ear and stared at the screen for a while. 
“Brother, I’m sorry for hurting you.” I muttered. 
I wanted to call my children. I could not talk to them the whole day. 
I was about to dial Butler William’s number when I heard someone knocking on the door. 
I took a brief pause and gazed at the door. 
‘Must be room service.‘ I thought. 
I went to the bathroom and quickly changed into the clothing that I had been wearing throughout the entire day. Next, I went to the door and opened it. 
I was surprised to find a young man standing outside. 
“Yes?” I asked. 
He did not have the appearance of, like, a waiter or something. 
“Ms. Natalia, Alpha Lucas sent me. I’m Julian Campbell, the 
delta of this pack.” 
“Hello, Delta Julian. May I know why you came here and how you were able to locate the number of my room?” 
“We are Alpha’s officials,” he responded with a little chuckle before continuing. “There is nothing that anyone can keep from us.” 
“Where is the privacy?” I asked with disbelief. 
“Because anyone is capable of committing a crime, the head Alpha has the ability to invade the privacy of anyone. Anyone can be a suspect, you know.” 
I rolled my eyes. Adrian’s officials were just like him! 
“But you just said Uncle Lucas sent you, not your head Alpha.” 
“Yeah, but I am an official wolf of my head Alpha. So, finding your room number was not a big deal to me.” 
“So, Delta Julian, how can I help you?” 
After giving me a friendly smile, he responded by saying, 
“Alpha Lucas wants you to stay in the pack house.”
###Alpha 47
“What?” 
I was stunned by hearing him. 
He answered, “Yeah, that’s what he wants.” 
I gave him a headshake. “I can’t go there.” 
After glancing inside the hotel room, he remarked, “What makes a hotel room so good? You know how luxurious our pack house is already.” 
I arched an eyebrow. Realizing that he was hinting that I was Adrian’s ex–wife. 
Naturally, every one of his officials was aware of their Alpha’s personal life. In truth, everyone learned about it by following social media posts. 
“Give Alpha Lucas a call. I would like to speak with him.” I told 
him. 
Without any delay, he reached into the pocket of his pants and took out his phone. 
He dialed Alpha Lucas’s number and handed his phone to me. 
I took his phone and pressed it to my ear. 
When the call came through to Alpha Lucas, I said, 
“Uncle, I can’t stay there.” 
“Natalia, why? Haven’t we discussed it yet?” he inquired. 
“But Uncle, how can I live in the pack house?” 
“You are our guest. Give us a chance to warmly welcome you.” 
I let out a sigh. I was unsure about what action to take. I breathed deeply and closed my eyes. 
“Okay, I am coming.” I replied. 
I returned the phone to Delta Julian. After a while of conversation, he remarked to Alpha Lucas, 
“I am bringing her to the pack house then.” 
I went outside the hotel with Delta Julian after checking out. 
I informed my driver over the phone that I was moving to the pack house. He asked if he would drop me there. I refused him by telling him that someone
Delta Julian opened the passenger door for me. I got inside the car. He went to the driver’s seat and started the car. 
Through the windshield, I watched the passing road while I sat there in silence.. 
Delta Julian was silent while driving. 
Suddenly, something popped into my mind. I turned my head to him and asked, 
“Does your Alpha stay in the pack house?” 
Adrian and I were married for two years, but Adrian never went there until his father asked us to have a family dinner. We had a separate house. That wa 
Maybe over the past few years, his preferences have evolved. 
“No. He often resides in the apartment owned by his company.” 
I felt relieved. If he did not go there, then I would not have to face that man again. 
It took us one hour to reach the pack house. When we entered the area, it started to remind me of the past times when I used to come here. 
The car stopped in front of the entrance area, and Delta Julian got out of the car. 
He came to open the door to assist me in getting out of the car. 
As I got out of the car, I thanked him. He motioned me to the packing house. 
As I got closer to the formidable pack house gate, my heart raced with a mixture of fear and excitement. Near the thick forest edge, the well– known building appeared to tell secrets from the past, each stone ringing with bittersweet memories. 
It had not been an easy decision to come back here, even for a little while. Yet, the plea from Adrian’s father, once my father–in - law, was something I could not ignore. noveldrama
I pushed past the jumbled feelings that were on the verge of overpowering me, driven ahead by Adrian’s father’s health condition and the respect I still fe 
The inside of the house seemed so warm as soon as I stepped inside; it was a far cry from the coldness of my fears. 
Grace, Adrian’s mother, noticed me and came over. 
“Thank you for coming to stay.” 
Her eyes were displaying a mix of happiness and sadness. 
“We just arrived a while ago. Lucas is in his room. Have you had 
your dinner yet? Let’s have dinner together,” she said to me.
“Okay.” 
She called a maid to show me my room. The maid’s expression changed when she saw me, indicating that she recognized me. 
The maid led the way upstairs, and I followed. She came to a halt next to a room and unlocked the door. 
“The old mistress instructed us to get this room ready for you.” 
I entered the room and felt amazed by the decoration. 
I took in the soft, muted colors on the walls, which gave off a soothing glow that appeared to encompass the room. The faint aroma of lavender soothed 
feet. 
“Nice room,” I told her. 
“We have arranged some clothes in the closet for you. You can change.” 
I gave the large closet a quick check and nodded my head. 
I have to admit, Auntie Grace was quite remarkable. She had organized everything for me in a matter of hours! 
I shut the door after the maid left the room. I walked to the closet and reached for a long, relaxed cotton dress for tonight. 
After changing my dress, I headed downstairs to have dinner. with Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace. 
The maids informed me that they were in the dining room. I joined them at the table. 
They were so overjoyed that I decided to stay with them for some, days. I had no idea that even after all these years, they would still adore me so deeply 
After dinner, we three sat on the couches in the living room. We discussed the current position of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
How much had it changed in the past few years? 
As nightfall enveloped the pack house, we were busy talking. 
The sound of approaching footsteps suddenly echoed through the hallways. 
“Alpha has returned to the pack house,” a maid hurried to tell Uncle Lucas. 
I looked over to the door. 
Adrian had just stepped into the pack house when he seemed to sense something. A grimace came on his face as if any scent had gotten into his nose. 
He directly looked at my side, and his brows slowly shot up, implying that he did not expect me here.
His sharp and penetrating gaze found mine in an instant, igniting a spark in my inner wolf. 
I took a deep breath and looked away from him, showing him that I did not feel the mate bond anymore.
###Alpha 48
The living room descended into an enveloping silence, the atmosphere dense with words that were not uttered and conflicts that had not been resolved. 
‘Didn’t Delta Julian tell me that Adrian did not come to the pack house often? Then why is he here? I thought. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Auntie Grace’s voice broke the silence. 
“Adrian.” 
Adrian moved up to the couches and sat down on one of them. 
My attempt was to ignore him. During the time that I was listening to their conversation, I looked down at my lap. 
“Did you come here to check on me? Because you don’t usually come to the pack house. The only time we get to see your face is when there is a pack 
“What do you mean? Would it be necessary for me to have a purpose to come to my pack house? Doesn’t the pack house serve as the residence of the 
I almost scoffed at him loudly, but I controlled myself. I did not understand why he was so arrogant! It did nothing but increase my hatred for him. 
“Adrian, Natalia is kind enough to agree to help us in dealing 
with the illness of your father. We asked her to stay with us for a week,” his mother spoke out, her words carefully chosen. “We appreciated her willingne 
Adrian raised an eyebrow. “Stay here?” 
Now, I was absolutely convinced that he did not know anything about it. I decided that if he said anything to insult me again, I would return to the hotel ro 
“You did not even think to ask for my permission and let a member of another pack stay in this pack house?” Adrian asked his parents. 
I got to my feet and said to his parents, 
“Uncle, Auntie, please forgive me. I can’t stay here. Considering that the head Alpha does not want me to be here, then how can I stay?” 
I smiled at them, but in my head, I was cursing Adrian. 
“You will not go anywhere. You will stay here with us. It’s not just his pack house,” his father said to me. He assumed that Adrian would not agree with it. 
“We requested her to stay here with us, Adrian. Your father is sick. Don’t argue with him,” his mother told him with a cold tone. 
I glanced at her. She looked like the old Luna that I used to see five years ago. 
Adrian shook his head. “Stop behaving as if I care about her staying here. My question was simply about how you arrived at a choice without consulting 
Once they heard him his parents appeared to be at ease. 
“She is my guest, one of my trusted people. My pack doesn’t have any danger from her; that’s why I didn’t ask you about her stay.” Uncle Lucas replied t
Auntie Grace stood up and held my hand. “Don’t mind my son’s nonsense. He is always like this. Who can know him better than you?” 
I glanced at Adrian. He was sitting on the couch like a king. His eyes were fixed on his father. But he was listening to us. 
“You are right, Auntie. I know him really well.” I uttered it with bitterness in my heart. 
He sneered after hearing me. He turned his head to look at me. 
“Yeah, I am also aware of how she is. I really wish I could tell you both about it. But one of you is on the edge of losing himself; he can’t take the heartbro 
I was startled that he would tell them about my children. I did not want that. So, I attempted to escape from this situation. 
“Uncle, Auntie, goodnight.” 
Saying that, I walked to the staircase. As soon as I reached the upper floor, I made my way straight to my room. I assumed that after meeting with his pa 
As I entered my room, I let out a sigh and shut the door behind 
1. me. 
“Just one week,” I told myself. 
I went to sit on the bed and call my babies. The moment they received the video call, I waved at them. 
Seeing them after the whole day, I felt emotional. 
“My babies, what are you doing?” I asked them. 
They were not talking to me, which made me worried. 
“What happened? Don’t you want to talk to your mom?” 
Noah and Aria were both sitting on the bed. They looked upset. In response to my question, they shook their heads. 
“Why?” 
“Mom, you lied to us. You said you would return tomorrow. But Grandpa has told us that you will come back after a week,” Noah stated with a gloomy face. 
“Noah, my baby. Don’t get mad at Mommy. She tried to return, but something came up. noveldrama
” 
I shifted my attention to Aria, who was holding a doll. Her eyes were focused on the doll, telling me that she did not want to see
1. me. 
How could I tell them that I was with their father’s parents? Their grandfather was sick, and I was trying to comfort him. 
I felt guilty for keeping them apart from their grandparents. However, I could not lose them. Their father was a cruel man. 
. I 
could not take any risk by revealing their identity. 
“Mom is saying sorry. Look at me.” 
I held my earlobes and asked for an apology from my kids. They almost cried just by looking at me. 
“Just a few days. Lam going to return very soon. I promise.” I gave them my word. 
I talked to them for some time. I told them to go to sleep, and then I hung up the phone when I saw it was late at night. 
I let out a yawn, and I felt sleepy. I was getting ready to lay on the bed. However, I felt thirsty. 
There was not a single glass of water in the room when I looked around. 
So I got up and left my room. I realized all the lights were off outside my room. When I came to the passageway, I noticed a few dim lights there. 
I started to walk to the staircase when I saw a maid. I requested a glass of water, and she assured me that she would bring water to my room. 
I thanked the maid and turned around to walk back to my room. 
While heading to my room, I heard the sound of footsteps in the darkness. My steps halted. 
Almost instantly, I spun around to look at it. 
My eyes widened when I found a dark silhouette standing behind 
1. me. 
The sight of a pair of red eyes staring at me caused me to let out a gasp.
###Alpha 49
I knew those eyes really well. When his cologne touched my nostrils, I muttered angrily. 
“Adrian.” 
Did he just want to startle me? 
He was silently looking at me. I shook my head. 
“I know it’s your pack house. But stop following me.” 
I turned around and proceeded to my room. To my astonishment, Adrian did not communicate with me or engage in a debate with me. But I was able to hear his footsteps coming from behind me. 
Unease began to creep into my body. 
Thank goodness I was able to get near to my room. The door to my room was only partially open, which meant that light was traveling out of my room an 
room. 
As I hurriedly proceeded, I reached out and grabbed the doorknob. 
In a relaxed manner, Adrian was making his way towards me, and I turned to face him. 
I was able to see him very well now. The color of his eyes changed from red to black. 
“What’s wrong with you? Why are you following me?” I asked furiously. 
He stopped in front of me. The expression on his face had 
changed from one of indifference. There was an abundance of hostility there in it. 
Shouldn’t I be the one who behaved like this? 
“Who is following you? Don’t be so pretentious, woman. I was going to my room.” 
He lifted his chin to indicate that he was going to the room that was a few feet away from mine. 
“Your room? But Head Alpha’s bedroom is located downstairs.” 
Adrian walked past me and replied, 
“I didn’t want that room.” 
I stood there for a while as I watched him enter the room and shut the door loudly. 
I flinched at the loud sound.
“So he was not following me? I just spoke gibberish!” 
Taking a deep breath, I went into my room. From behind me, I was able to hear the maid’s words! 
“Miss.” 
I turned around and let her enter the room. She came with a jar of water and a glass. After she had finished placing them on the nightstand, she exited th 
Immediately following the closing of the door, I drank some water. Laying down on the bed, I prayed that the week would be over as quickly as possible. 
The following day, I woke up early as it was my habit to go to the 
office in the morning. 
Nevertheless, I was feeling lazy because I did not have to go anywhere at this point. I did not have any work in my hand. Should I spend the week preten 
I went to take a shower. While wearing clothes, I felt that my body had not changed much after all these years. Otherwise, how was it that the designer w 
I came out of the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. In the dress, I looked like a noble lady. 
I went downstairs once I had finished drying my hair. 
“Good morning,” I greeted Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace. 
They smiled at me. It came to my attention that Auntie Grace was assisting Uncle Lucas in walking to the couch. I helped her while also holding the othe 
After Uncle Lucas had sat down on the couch, he turned his head to look at me and then patted the spot next to him. 
When I looked across to Auntie Grace, she gave me a slight nod of her head. I sat down next to my Uncle Lucas. 
He reached out and placed his hand on my head. There was a slight tremor in his hand that I could feel. 
“Every time I take a look at you, I get the feeling that you have the potential to watch over the family and to rule the pack with responsibility. You are a go lost you.” 
“Yeah, he is foolish,” Auntie Grace said and sat next to me. I was sitting between them. 
I kept my head down and listened to what they had to say. I was dead set on avoiding any discussion of the past at all costs. However, they had met me 
express what he had been feeling to me with was obvious. They were not wrong in any way.
At that time, we all heard the sound of heels knocking on the floor. We turned to the entrance and found Lynda standing there. I frowned at her when my eyes fell on her. 
There was no doubt that she was still beautiful. There was a slight shift in her sense of style. She used to wear simple clothes five years ago but now she 
Lynda noticed that Uncle Lucas’s hand was placed over my head and stared at it. Then, her gaze turned to Auntie Grace. 
I felt that she was dissatisfied by the closeness I shared with Adrian’s parents. 
“Good morning,” Lynda greeted them, ignoring me totally. 
I felt disgusted by this woman. When I was married to Adrian, she came into our lives and grabbed him totally. In addition to this, she had repeatedly lied with someone else, I never paid attention to her presence because I did not want to provoke that person’s anger. 
“Morning, Lynda. How come you here?” 
The sound of Auntie Grace’s voice reached my ears and jolted me out of my recollections of the past. 
I moved my head in the direction of Auntie Grace and observed 
that her face was really chilly. It appeared as though she was not pleased with Lynda’s arrival. 
Was she behaving like that because she wanted to react strictly with her soon–to–be daughter–in–law? Or did she not like Lynda? 
Lynda slowly approached Adrian’s father, who looked indifferent by her presence. noveldrama
“I came here to meet Uncle Lucas.” 
“I’m fine. You didn’t have to,” he replied. 
Lynd? let out a chuckle and glanced at me, then replied to him, 
“How am I supposed to not come? My father–in–law is sick. It’s my duty to take care of you.”
###Alpha 50
1 looked at Lynda after hearing her. My eyes were filled with disgust for her. 
What were her thoughts? Would her comments affect me? 
I was not the Natalia who used to get bullied before. If I wanted to, I could teach her a lesson. But I was just a guest. I did not want to make any scenes with Alpha’s sw make him feel like I was still eager for him. 
“I think you forgot that. Adrian has not declared you the Luna of this pack,” Uncle Lucas reminded her. 
Lynda’s facial expression altered in an instant. She was going say something but instead lowered her head and nodded. 
“You are right, Uncle. Adrian has not declared me his Luna.” 
Auntie Grace looked away from her and said, 
“Since he doesn’t want to, don’t force him. Maybe he is still confused about you.” 
Lynda raised her head. Tears streamed down her face. She seemed quite upset. 
to 
For once, I felt pity for her. Adrian was in a relationship with her for a very long time. 
Why hadn’t he accepted her as the Luna yet? Didn’t he claim to love her? 
“What’s going on here?” 
We heard a voice from behind us. 
I turned my head and saw Adrian descending the stairs. 
He approached Lynda and asked, “Why are you crying?” 
Something crossed my mind. ‘Did she spot him coming downstairs? Was it the reason she started crying so suddenly?‘ I thought. 
Lynda wiped her tears and held Adrian’s arm. 
“Nothing, Adrian. Uncle was just talking about me.” 
Adrian’s gaze shifted from her to his father. Then his eyes met mine. 
They reminded me of last night. The way he was looking at me with red eyes last night was different from usual.
I averted my gaze from him, wondering if his wolf had taken. over him last night. 
and 
“Don’t give us that attitude. We were speaking about you her. You have not declared her the Luna.” Uncle Lucas spoke to him. 
Adrian frowned at his father, but then he glanced at me and replied, 
“Very soon.” 
Lynda’s eyes widened. I observed her expression. The way she reacted demonstrated that she did not expect Adrian to say that. 
Lynda gave Adrian a warm smile. 
Lynda’s driver dashed inside the pack house, carrying a bouquet and a fruit basket. 
“Miss, sorry for being late. I forgot to take them out,” the driver 
said to Lynda. 
“It’s okay,” she replied, and she grabbed them. 
She approached Uncle Lucas and gave the bouquet to him. 
“I heard you like flowers, so this is for you.” 
Then, she placed the fruit basket on the coffee table, close to the couches. “And fruits for your recovery.” 
Uncle Lucas did not say anything and held the bouquet quietly. 
A few maids came to the living room and informed us that breakfast was ready on the table. 
“Let’s go have breakfast.” Uncle Lucas said. 
I held his arm and helped him stand up. Lynda wanted to help him, but he raised his hand to stop her. 
“Adrian, Lynda, join us at the table,” Auntie Grace told them. 
While passing Adrian, I noticed him looking at me. 
I ignored him and helped Uncle Lucas go to the dining room. 
After sitting in the same seat I had yesterday night for supper, I looked across at Uncle Lucas, who was sitting opposite me with his wife. 
“Can I check your prescription after breakfast?” 
“Sure,” he responded.
“Why do you want to check? You won’t understand anything.” I heard Lynda as she entered the dining room. Adrian was walking ahead of her. 
To my surprise, he sat on my right side in the head chair. 
I thought he would sit on the left side since, when I used to accompany him to family dinners, I always saw Uncle Lucas. sitting there. So, I had an assumption that he would sit there. 
Lynda came to my seat and said, 
“Why are you sitting here? It’s my seat. Or you have forgotten that you are no longer Adrian’s wife.” 
I parted my lips as I tried to find words to reply to her. I moved my chair back to stand up, but Adrian’s voice stopped me. 
“It’s okay, Lynda. Sit on her next seat.” 
I turned to him with a stunned face. He did not look at me and 
started to eat. 
Lynda was shocked for a while. Auntie Grace looked at her. “Why are you still standing there? Take another seat. Natalia is our guest. She can sit anywh 
“Y–Yes, Auntie.” Lynda mumbled and sat beside me. 
Auntie Grace began to serve breakfast to Uncle Lucas. When she was about to spread peanut butter on a piece of bread, I spoke noveldrama
out, 
“Auntie, don’t give this to him. He is diagnosed with a nut allergy.” 
Everyone turned to me. Adrian raised his brows and asked, 
“How do you know?” 
I looked at him and replied, “I saw it on his medical reports.” 
“Why did you see any reports?” 
“I wanted to check it.” 
Lynda laughed when she heard me. “How stupid! I heard you discontinued your education after marriage. How do you understand any medical reports? 
Lynda made a series of offensive statements at me. Auntie Grace glared at her. So she lowered her head, showing that she was an obedient lady. 
All of my thoughts about not talking about my past here. vanished in a second.
I turned to Lynda and felt that she was an evil woman. 
‘Let’s expose you today,! I said in my head and smiled at her. 
“You have so many things to talk about. Let’s talk about my conversation with my father.” 
“What do you mean, Natalia?” 
I could feel nervousness in her tone. I said to her in front of everyone, 
“Don’t act oversmart. I still have the message you sent to me.
###Alpha 51
My accusation caused the atmosphere in the dining room to become thick with tension that was not being expressed verbally. 
I had reached the end of my patience. I turned to Adrian’s parents and spoke to them in a calm and collected manner, saying, “There is something that y to be.” 
The look of surprise that appeared in Lynda’s eyes was fleeting, but she swiftly regained her composure. She turned to me with a smile that was so easy questioned, 
“W–What are you talking about? What have I done to you?” 
After taking my phone, which was sitting on the table in front of me, I scoffed at her and then proceeded to unlock it with my fingerprint. 
When I was trying to find Lynda’s message that she had sent me the day after the party, I heard Adrian’s cold voice. 
“Lynda, what is she talking about? What did you do?” 
Gradually, I turned my head to look at him. The focus of his gaze was on Lynda. I was either overthinking the situation, or his look was a type of warning 
It seemed as though Lynda was not happy with his inquiry. 
“Adrian, are you believing this woman over me?” 
The question that she asked caused a change in Adrian’s expression. His gaze shifted on me. “Show me what you have against her.” 
I looked away from him and refocused on my phone. 
“Found it!” I said and pressed on the message that Lynda had sent me. noveldrama
Lynda’s hand was tightly clasped beneath the table, and I caught a glimpse of it. Because I was seated close to her, I was the only one who could see it. 
It was easy for me to sense her anxiety. I thought it was the right time to expose her. 
Adrian grabbed my phone from me and looked at the screen, where he noticed the message. He then continued to stare at the 
screen. 
“Ad–Adrian, trust me.” Lynda mumbled with a teary face. 
“What’s going on?” Uncle Lucas asked. 
I revealed how Lynda had maliciously spread my private conversation with my foster father across social media, intending to tarnish my reputation. 
As soon as Auntie Grace heard me, she opened her mouth slightly. In a fit of rage, Uncle Lucas gave Lynda a harsh look. 
After looking at my phone for a moment, Adrian turned his attention to me. He asked me,
“Done blaming her?” 
I was stunned by his question. 
He placed my phone on the table and pushed it toward me. 
He glared at me and said, 
“I told you before. She has done nothing. Why are you targeting 
Lynda? Can’t you just live your own life and deal with your own problems alone?” 
While he was berating me, I couldn’t help but stare at him. 
I had the feeling that I had traveled back in time, and he was reprimanding me for bullying Lynda, something I had never done. 
How could I even think that he would listen to anything against his sweetheart? Of course, he would save her. 
“Adrian, she showed you the proof,” Uncle Lucas said to him. 
He shook his head and replied, “Dad, that is not even Lynda’s number. There is only written that it’s from Lynda. But Lynda is innocent. She can not do a 
Auntie Grace frowned and asked, “She can send it from another person’s number too.” 
Right at that moment, Lynda started to cry. She was doing that to earn sympathy from Adrian. 
“Natalia, I understand you are upset, but these accusations are baseless. Why would I do that? If I did, where did I get those 
screenshots? Because only your father and you had the 
screenshots. Are you accusing your father, too? What will he get from it?” 
By deftly manipulating the story, Lynda gave the impression that I was attempting to disparage her out of envy and personal rivalry. 
Adrian’s parents exchanged confused glances. They were torn; my words carried weight, but Lynda’s poised demeanor and her ability to rationalize her 
EN 
I was blaming my decision to stay here. If I had listened to my family, I would not have felt something like this again. 
“Stop crying. People are jealous of you because you are with Alpha Adrian. Let them say whatever they want. They can’t be in your position.” Adrian spo 
After making that statement, he proceeded to carry on eating his meal as if nothing had happened. 
“Natalia, it’s okay, my child. There must be some misunderstanding. Don’t listen to anyone. Let’s start eati-” 
Auntie Grace got interrupted by me as I stood up from my seat.
“I am done.” 
Uncle Lucas shook his head. “But you haven’t eaten anything.” 
I shifted my gaze at Adrian, who looked indifferent. 
“Sorry, Uncle. But I have lost my appetite after listening to someone’s nonsense.” I replied to Uncle Lucas. 
Adrian paused chewing and lifted his head to look at me. 
His gaze was challenging me to speak another sentence, and he would charge on me 
My wolf growled inside me. She was not so weak as to allow me to suffer any form of humiliation. At the same time, she was not pleased by the frigid sta 
I smiled at him sarcastically and stated, 
“Alpha Adrian, no one is targeting your sweetheart. So stop thinking that I am jealous of her even a single percent. Because what she has right now, I left that five years ago on my own. I don’t want that again, so she can have it all for herself.”
###Alpha 52
I could see Adrian’s fierce face. The impact of my remarks on him caused him to become angry. 
I left the dining room, leaving everyone surprised by my words. 
As soon as I walked out of the dining room, tears began to flow down my cheeks. My level of agitation was so high that I decided to leave the pack house. 
After making a phone call, I told my driver to come and pick me up from the pack house. 
I stood outside the pack house after wiping my tears. 
It was only Adrian who was causing me pain over and over again. Why did this man want to do this? Hadn’t the suffering he had inflicted upon me five ye 
He proved me wrong. I had the misconception that I was not the kind of fragile girl who would always start to show weakness in front of him. 
Despite the fact that I was able to respond to him today, I was unable to tolerate his hurtful words. 
Did he believe that I planned everything so that I could blame Lynda? 
However, there was one thing that Lynda said to me that stuck in my mind. 
How did she get those screenshots? Did my foster father help her in any way? If that was the case, then why did he do it? 
“Silly woman! What did you think? You can expose me with a message?” 
Lynda’s voice could be heard coming from behind me. I did not turn to face her and instead rolled my eyes 
I could hear the clicking sounds of her high heels. She was approaching me from behind. 
She came to a stop behind me and gave me a shoulder pat. I grabbed her hand and turned to her. She gave me a look that was full of derision. 
“During the time that Adrian took my stand, how did you feel? I don’t see how you could possibly forget that he will always choose me over your” 
My blood boiled in anger. But my wolf had a different way of thinking. She felt that because of this woman, she could not be with her mate. She tried to ta 
“Very soon, your foolish Alpha will learn your real face,” I said that and let go of her hand. 
She chuckled at me. Her red lips parted to say something. With a wicked grin on her face, she lifted her hand and gently stroked my hair. 
“Oh, my Natalia sweetie, you have no idea how much he loves. me. If I want, I can make him kill you right away. But…” 
She paused and grabbed my hair, then continued. 
“Don’t try to get close to him. Neither was he yours, nor will he ever be yours. Keep in mind that he is your ex– husband. The man who had done so many things to you. What may possibly motivate you to agree to help his father after all of the humiliation? You are
As soon as she finished her sentence, I grabbed her hand and twisted it behind her back. 
Her eyes widened as she was shocked by my actions. 
She thought I was still the same Natalia who would never say anything to her or not do anything to her. 
But I was not the same person anymore. 
“Leave my hand,” she said loudly 
The guards around the area, who were focusing on their duty, looked over to our side. 
They came to us hurriedly to save Lynda. At the moment that they recognized me, they came to a halt on the track. I was Adrian’s legal wife in the past, 
I twisted Lynda’s hand more firmly. Suddenly, I felt Lynda stop struggling all of a sudden, which confused me, but I chose to ignore it. 
“Did you just call me stupid? Let me tell you the things I wanted to tell you years ago. You are a bitch who destroyed my two year: of marriage. But I don’ husband is a manwhore who could not concentrate on his wife and instead fucked around with another woman. Personally, I believe that the two of you a 
I felt good after letting out all those things. To my surprise, sh did not react at all.. 
doing. noveldrama
“Ad–Adrian.” She let out a lower tone. 
The moment I turned my head to look at the door of the pack 
house, I noticed Adrian standing there with a look of utter rage on his face. 
“LEAVE.” 
He yelled at me. I did not pay attention to him and instead twisted Lynda’s hand tightly out of fury. 
Lynda cried out loud as if I had broken her hand. I lowered my head and found her hand turning red. 
Adrian rushed to our side, and I pushed her to him. 
Lynda started to cry. “M–My hand, Ad–Adrian.” 
While he was holding her right hand, Adrian’s eyebrows rose a if her hand was very precious to him. 
He glared at me, but his eyes swiftly shifted to the guards, wh instinctively lowered their heads in response to his gaze. 
“You were watching this without doing anything? You all are fired.” 
“A–Alpha!” 
“Shut up, and you!” he said to them and turned to look at me.
“How dare you hurt Lynda?” 
I scoffed at him as if something possessed me. I was not in 1 right mind. 
“You heard what I was telling her, didn’t you? So, Alpha Adrian, just go to hell.” 
###Alpha 53
Adrian was in a state of anger and wanted to rush toward me, but Lynda was holding his arms and started crying. 
“I need you to take me to the hospital, Adrian. It is very painful.” 
After looking at her, Adrian gave a slight nod of his head. As he lifted her into his arms, he gave me one final look before heading to his car, which was p go to the office. 
I noticed that Lynda was looking at me. She gave me a sly grin and then reached out and wrapped her hands around Adrian’s neck, giving the impressio 
“This woman! I am sure I didn’t break her hand. I haven’t even used my full strength. If I had done that, you would have lost your hand now.” I muttered u 
Suddenly, my attention shifted to the guards, who had just been fired from their positions. 
I walked to them. They looked at me with sad expressions on their faces. 
“Don’t worry about your jobs. Are you okay with working somewhere as long as you receive the same salary?” I asked them. 
They looked shocked by my questions. 
“Yeah. But how?” One of them asked me. 
“That is something that I will take care of. Just give me your ID cards.” 
They reached into their pockets and got out their identification cards. I took pictures of their identification cards and then reassured them that they would 
“Ms. Natalia?” 
My ears picked up a call from someone. As soon as I turned around, I noticed a security guard approaching me from behind. 
“Outside, there is a car that is waiting for you. We are unable to simply allow any car to enter this area. I’m just curious as to whether or not it is, in fact, y 
“Yeah, that’s mine. Please allow the car to enter.” I replied, as I understood that they had stopped my driver at the main gate. 
In a few minutes, my driver arrived with the car and pulled up 
next to me. 
I got inside and instructed him to take me to a shopping mall. 
On the road, Auntie Grace called me to ask where I was. She was afraid that I had left the pack house. 
She requested me to return to the pack house. I sighed and told her that I would be back at night. She felt relieved and apologized for his son’s behavior.
In truth, I decided to leave the house when I left the dining room, but after giving Adrian and Lynda a taste of their own medicine, I was feeling a little bett 
I believed that facing Adrian would be the best way for me to become stronger than before. 
When the driver stopped in front of a shopping mall, I got out of the car. 
19 NORKS 
I entered the shopping mall. It was a mall of the highest caliber, and only wealthy people were able to visit and shop here. 
The only time I was able to set foot in this location was when I was getting married. I was brought here to purchase my wedding dress by someone who 
Due to the fact that I would be returning after such a long period of time, I came here to buy something for my children. Who knew if I could get a chance 
While passing the branding stores, my eyes fell on a white shirt, and it caught my attention. 
It reminded me of another white shirt that I had bought for Adrian. However, he did not accept that shirt, just like he did not accept my flower bouquet. 
I could still remember that day. I was happy to buy a white shirt for him. Because I had no idea about brands, it was not a branded shirt, but a shirt of good quality. 
My intention was to give him the shirt in the expectation that he would like it, but the next thing he did was pour a glass of red wine over it. 
“This shirt is cheap, just like you. 
This was what he told me that day. 
How could I forget every word? It seemed like, after coming here, every wound was being torn apart one by one. 
I bumped into a woman. I said sorry to her and diverted my attention from the shirt. 
I spent the whole time in the shopping mall. I did some shopping for my children. There was a cafe in the mall where I sat down for a long time and talk 
It was late in the evening when I received a call from a number that I did not recognize. 
“Hello?” 
‘It’s Harold.” 
“Oh, hi. How did you ge- 
“Alpha Lucas gave it to me yesterday. Well, I asked for it since I forgot to ask it from you.” 
“I see. How is Uncle Lucas’s health doing? Is everything fine with him?” 
I thought he called me to inform me about health issues.
“No, it’s about Lynda,” he replied. 
Being the head doctor of this pack meant that he was the private physician of the Alpha and his family. For this reason, whenever any member of the Alp 
I assumed that Adrian had brought Lynda to the pack hospital and then called Harold to inquire about the condition of her hand. 
“What about her?” As I sipped my coffee, I inquired about it. 
“Did you do something to her?” 
“Why? Did she spread the news about me to the whole pack that I broke her hand?” 
His BONUS 
“No, she was talking to Adrian, telling him to take action against you.” 
I placed my coffee cup on the table where I was sitting. I could not help but laugh. 
“What can that man do to me? Now, he can’t even blackmail me about divorce.” 
His face was etched in my memory when he glared at me while I was standing outside the pack house. I believed he heard everything I had told Lynda a noveldrama
The fact that I could even curse might come as a surprise to him. 
In fact, I was not the type of person who typically used foul language. But I hated him and that woman, so I did not do anything wrong but only called the by their real names. 
“She got hurt in her hand, Natalia.” Harold said. 
“For real?” 
“You’re right. The pressure was extremely intense. It almost broke her hand.” 
I was surprised to hear that. But how? Even though I twisted her hand tightly, that did not mean that I applied a great deal of pressure to it. 
“But I did not even press that hard, Harold.” 
“I forgot to ask about your wolf. Did you, by any chance, get your wolf?” 
“Yeah. I got my wolf four years ago after delivery. But how is it related to this matter?” 
After hearing me, Harold went quiet. I was waiting for his rej with confusion. 
He broke the silence after a few seconds and asked, 
“What is your rank, Natalia?”
###Alpha 54
Third POV 
In front of a villa, a luxurious black car came to a halt. 
A driver got out of the car and opened the back door. 
“Miss Lynda, we have arrived at your house,” the driver said. 
Lynda was sitting in the backseat. She turned her head toward the man, who was smoking while looking outside through the window. 
“Adrian, won’t you help me?” Lynda asked with a requesting 
tone. 
“You got hurt on your hand, not on your legs.” Adrian gave a chilly response. 
Lynda swallowed at his cold tone. Adrian had bought her a house five years ago. But, for once, he never went inside the house. Others would find that s 
When she put her left hand on his thigh, he paused smoking. 
As he lifted the hand to push it, his gaze landed on her right hand. It had bandages on it. 
He gradually removed her hand from his thigh and looked at his driver. 
“Assist her in going inside the house.” 
Lynda shook her head and made an unpleasant expression. “I’m hoping Alpha will take action against Natalia. How could she have injured me so badly?” 
Adrian took a puff of smoke and muttered, 
“Hmm. I have to do something about her.” 
Lynda got out of the car after hearing that. When the driver was about to help her, she shook her left hand and refused to take his help. 
Should I take some time to see if she needs my assistance, Alpha? “the driver inquired after casting a glance in Adrian’s direction. “No need,” Adrian mut 
The driver got into the car and started the car. 
“Alpha, where to go?” 
Adrian’s eyes were riveted on the sky as he saw the moon. He was staring at it. 
He let out smoke from his mouth as he replied, 
“Pack house.”
Regarding this matter, the driver was perplexed. Though Adrian’s father was sick, he used to go to the pack house for only a few hours. However, he never stayed t 
What was the reason behind his staying there? He did not go back to his apartment yesterday, either. 
The driver gave a shrug of the shoulders and then turned the vehicle in the direction of the pack house. 
Meanwhile, Adrian seemed to be deeply contemplating 
something. It was impossible for anyone to comprehend what he was thinking. 
When he finally made his way back to the pack house, it was 
already late at night. 
He did not come out of his car for a long time. He smoked inside. the car while thinking about something. 
Throughout the entire day, he was preoccupied with how Natalia had acted today. There was no resemblance between her appearance and the Natalia that she had been in the past. 
A different aspect of her had been revealed to him today. 
He was enraged by her behavior. He was aware of all that she had said to Lynda earlier today. It was almost as if he was convinced that she was making 
After smoking a few cigarettes, he got out of the car. He went inside the pack house. He noticed that everyone had already gone to their own bedrooms. 
As soon as they saw him enter the house, all of the maids began to bow before him. 
He went to the upper floor. Within him, a fire was raging 
intensely. Natalia’s actions from today prompted him to feel the need to reprimand her. 
He stopped in front of her bedroom’s door. He tried to knock on the door by raising his hand, but his hand stopped in the middle of the air. Instead of kno 
He then took a long breath and closed his eyes briefly.” 
His wolf was stopping him. His wolf did not want him to behave roughly with their mate. 
“Stop interrupting me every single second.” Adrian said this to his wolf and took a step back from the door. 
He turned to his room and walked to the door. He opened his bedroom’s door and shut it behind him loudly. 
It looked as though his thinking was all over the place. That woman was the sole reason for everything! 
The next morning, 
Adrian woke up to a phone call. When he glanced at the screen, he saw Beta Patric call him.
“What?” he asked when he received the call. 
“Why so angry, Alpha Adrian?” 
“You disturbed my sleep.” 
Patric chuckled a little and replied, “We have a pack meeting today. Have you forgotten that?” noveldrama
After sitting up, Adrian started running his hand through his hair. “Can’t I cancel it?” 
“Adrian, it’s been two days since you cancelled every meeting. Don’t you think you should keep your private life apart from your business life?” 
Adrian got out of bed while talking to his best friend. He opened the closet and took out a suit. 
“I am coming,” he said to Patric, who cut the call. 
ga shower, he got ready to go to the pack meeting. 
mediately went to Natalia’s room as soon as he from his own room. 
tadived to 
She hang of attrating for meeting first and then tadion H 
be the 
Somalia, to be walked past her roari 
thur his craps halted when he heard the ringtone of a phone 
He stood there for a while. To his surprise, no one received the 
Be switched his attention to his poor and stood up to knock on the door. Then he shook his head and grabbed the doorknob 
He opened the door and entered the room. 
Natalia was not in the room. He heard the sound of water corning from the bathroom. He understood that she was taking a shower 
His attention was drawn to the phone that was ringing on the nightstand. 
He walked to the phone and looked at the screen. 
He took the phone in his hand. He looked at the bathroom with a grimace on his face, 
“How many boys are you connected with?” he muttered and received the phone. 
“Hello““” he said with his usual cold tone. 
A little boy’s voice reached Adrian’s ears as he raised a brow.
Who are you?” 
When Adrian realized that it was the impolite boy he had encountered at the airport, he couldn’t help but smirk. 
“Little boy, we met at the airport.. 
The boy’s tone immediately changed after hearing him. 
“Why are you with my mommy? Stay away from her.” 
###Alpha 55
As his eyes became more gloomy, Adrian’s smirk began to fade away. The tone that the young boy used was rude to him. 
“I don’t need your permission to stay close to her, little boy.” Adrian responded to his warning. 
“My name is Noah. Do not refer to me as a little boy. At the airport, I gave you a warning. So- 
“Noah, who are you talking with? Are you talking with that handsome uncle?” 
However, Noah was interrupted by another voice. Adrian recognized that voice. He was able to recall the name of that girl. 
“Let me talk to him.” 
As soon as Aria snatched the phone from Noah’s grasp, she immediately began a conversation with Adrian. 
“Hello, handsome uncle. Did my mommy meet you?” 
When he heard the voice, Adrian thought it was too sweet for him. For some unknown reason, he found that talking to her made him feel good. 
Hearing Aria’s voice brought to mind her adorable face, despite the fact that he was not the type of guy who loved children. 
In an effort to avoid frightening the youngster, he asked, “How are you?” while attempting to remain calm in his tone of voice. 
“I’m fine. How about you?” 
“Good. And yes, your mother did meet me, but I am curious as to why you are so excited about it.” 
During that brief moment, Aria pondered the reasons behind her excitement. As she turned her head to face her brother, who looked mad at her, she spoke to Adrian in a lower tone. 
“Noah does not like you. But I like you. You are so handsome. You are just lik-” 
When Aria took a moment to hesitate, Adrian frowned. “Just like what?” 
“Don’t talk to her and my mommy.” It was Noah who spoke out. Adrian rolled his eyes and muttered, 
“Kiddo, you are talking far too much for someone of your age. People of your age do not speak the way you do. Take control of your tongue, or did your 
Noah was quiet for a moment. Adrian noticed the bathroom door opening. 
His gaze landed on a perfectly fitted white bathrobe, which highlighted the curves of the woman’s attractive body. 
For once, Adrian came dangerously close to losing himself in his desire. Because the scent of her body was dispersing across the room at such a rapid pace, he was on the verge of sniffing it.
On the other hand, Natalia was taken aback by seeing him in her 
room. 
She was on the verge of yelling at him in the room, but her eyes shifted to his hand instead. 
“Why is my phone in your hand? Who are you talking with?” she asked and walked to him. 
In order to regain his composure, Adrian took a long breath and 
then addressed Noah, saying, 
“Your mommy is here. Talk to her.” 
Natalia snatched the phone away from him and placed the phone in her ear. 
“Mommy, why is that man with you?” She heard Noah’s voice. noveldrama
Natalia glared at Adrian while replying to her son. 
“I came across him. Don’t worry, Noah. As your mom taught you, she will not talk to strangers.” 
“But he said you wer-” 
“I’ll talk to you later.” 
Natalia abruptly ended the call and threw her phone onto the bed. 
“How dare you touch my phone? Why are you even in my room?” she asked Adrian. 
Although he did not respond to her, Adrian’s gaze was glued to Natalia the entire time. 
Under his stare, Natalia initially felt a sense of unease. She 
proceeded to the door, which was slightly ajar, and stood next to 
1. it. 
“Alpha Adrian, you should not come to another woman’s bedroom. It’s better if you leave.” 
Adrain walked toward her and halted in front of the door as he approached her. 
“I was wondering what you said to your children.” 
He paused for a moment, then, with a tone that was filled with rage, he asked, “I’m a stranger to you?” 
“Don’t show me this attitude. I’m not your wife anymore. I won’t 
Before she could complete her sentence, Adrian seized her arms and slammed her against the door. The door, which was just partially open, was compl
Natalia’s eyes widened. “What’s wrong with you?” 
“Why did you hurt her?” Adrian asked her. 
Natalia could not help but laugh. She could see anger in Adrian’s eyes. She wondered if he really loved Lynda this much. 
“I will hurt her again if she comes in my way. No one can stop me. 
Natalia said it stubbornly. 
As he got closer to her, his hands slowly distanced themselves. from her arms and moved to her waist. 
When she saw how near they were, she took a deep breath. He lowered his head and asked, 
“You can’t get over me, can you? To get me back and regain my attention, you continue to blame Lynda for everything.” 
She pressed her hands on his chest and said, 
“No way. I hate you. I feel disgusted by you.” 
Her statements infuriated Adrian to no end. His eyes became shadowy. It was the second time he lost his temper. 
“Those children, how could you give birth to them without a marriage? Don’t you have any shame?” 
“Don’t talk about my children again.” She pushed him against 
his chest. 
He grabbed both of her hands and then locked her hands behind 
her back. 
“Didn’t you try to break her hand? Do you want me to try it on you, too? What were you saying to her? What was it that you called me at that time?” 
The powerful hold that he had on Natalia caused her to begin to struggle. This caused her bathrobe to become loose. It shifted a little from her upper bod 
The sight caused Adrian to become completely still. 
The desire that he had locked inside him for so many years was begging him to let it come out. 
D
###Alpha 56
Adrian lowered his head to her neck. At the moment when his nose made contact with Natalia’s ear, she ceased breathing. 
Even if she had no intention of making any kind of physical contact with him, the feeling of closeness between them created a spark in her body. 
“Why did you do that? I thought you were a…” Adrian took a little pause before moving his mouth to her neck because he was incapable of controlling hi 
The scent of her was hypnotizing his senses and causing him to forget about the world around him. 
Despite the fact that he was capable of fighting against 
thousands of other wolves during the war, his wolf was unable to 
resist the secret of his mate. 
Taking a whiff of her scent, Adrian brushed his nose against her neck. 
Natalia’s eyes widened. She knew what was happening, but her body turned numb at his touch. 1 
He was rubbing his nose in the area where a mate was supposed to mark his mate. It was her soft spot, too. 
She was surprised that he had not forgotten the place where she felt the most. 
Adrian moved close to his body and shut his eyes. He was going completely insane because of this woman. 
He could not forget how long he had been waiting for her to come back and beg him to be with him. Watching her in a vulnerable 
1.5 
state had turned into a habit for him. 
So when he saw her new aura, he could not accept it. However, he was unable to deny the fact that she was his mate. Her closeness was calming him and his wolf internally. 
He wanted to take her right here right now. At this point, he had lost himself. 
The moment his lips touched her neck, she mustered all of her strength and pushed him with all of her might. 
As if he came back to reality in a second, he withdrew a step back. noveldrama
He was stunned by his own action. He was angry at her all the time, so how could he get close to her like that? How could he do that after discovering th she had children with another man? 
Had he lost his mind?
Or did this woman do some magic on him? 
“Stay away from me,” Natalia said while glaring at him. 
While he was feeling irritated at himself, he turned his gaze away from her. 
“Stop overreacting like this,” he muttered, turning his attention to her once again. 
She touched her neck, where his lips touched. Then, she began to rub it with a disgusted face. 
Adrian was looking at her with shock. He did not like how she was behaving. It was like she was disgusted by him. 
“Stop behaving like I’ve never touched you before. You wanted all of this five years ago. But now you are suddenly acting as if it is something that you de 
Natalia was feeling so frantic that she rushed to him and pushed on his chest in anger. 
“How many times do I need to remind you that you don’t have any right over me?” 
It was too much for Adrian. He grabbed her waist tightly and replied, 
“I know who I have right on and who I don’t have. If you are claiming that we are no longer married, then you are correct. But don’t forget that you are still my mate. I never rejected you.” 
Natalia managed to break free from his grasp, which caused him to be taken aback. All of a sudden, she gained the strength to protect herself. a 
She got a backbone against him! 
“Keep dreaming. I will never allow anything to take place between us.” 
She was met with a sneer from Adrian. 
“Woman, you need to stop daydreaming. I don’t want that either. The woman who has illegitimate children doesn’t deserve to be my mate.” 
Natalia nodded her head and reached out to the doorknob. She opened the door widely and said, 
“Good for you. Now get out.” 
Adrian frowned at her. “Don’t forget that it’s my house.” 
“You are right. Then I should leave this house.” 
Adrian’s expression changed after hearing her. He did not intend 
to say that.
But since this woman wanted to leave, he would not stop her. Otherwise, it would only give her the impression that he was desperate. 
“You don’t deserve to stay here either.” 
Saying that, he walked out of the room. 
“Adrian, just because I am helping Alpha Lucas, I am here. Otherwise, I would have liked to die but had never come here to see your disgusting face. Yo 
yesterday. It was for this reason that I came back here last night. Nevertheless, I am leaving your house right now, so you should be content with it.” 
Natalia shouted at him and shut the door loudly. 
“Fuck my fate and this mate bond. I need to do something about it.” 
In a fit of rage, she swore at her destiny and pulled her hair back. 
After calming herself, she went to change her clothes. 
Later, she left the pack house after explaining to Adrian’s parents that she was unable to remain in the same place where their son was staying. On beha 
Natalia went back to her hotel room that she had reserved for herself. 
Because her kids were asking her a lot of questions about Adrian, 
she felt compelled to come up with an explanation for them. She told them not to talk about it with anyone else. 
One thing Natalia found out about herself was that she did not behave weakly against Adrian today. In fact, her wolf was way more powerful than she had expected. 
###Alpha 57
Natalia’s POV 
As the days passed, I was trying to adapt to the surroundings. around me in the Crystal Blood Pack. 
I went to meet Uncle Lucas daily, as I promised him. I took care of him like a daughter. It was clear that Auntie Grace valued me very much. She said tha noveldrama
I was unable to be honest with her about the fact that I had discovered my true family and that they were like blessings in my life. 
It was the last day of the week. 
Tomorrow, Uncle Lucas would need the cure to heal his wolf. 
Given that Harold was going to check on Uncle Lucas, we all went to the hospital. 
“I am surprised that his health is getting really good,” Harold said to Auntie Grace. 
After turning her attention to me, Auntie Grace told Harold, 
“She took care of Lucas. She was always responsible for changing Lucas’s medication and ensuring that he fed well. Because of her, Lucas was happy the whole week. It 
I gave her a brief smile before lowering my head. 
In the distance, Harold caught a glimpse of Adrian, who was standing a little bit away from me. Due to the fact that his father was receiving medical atten 
During the time that his mother was talking about me, were focused on me. 
his 
eyes 
I paid him no attention at all. In fact, after leaving the pack house, we did not come across each other the whole week, which was good for me. 
“Natalia, everything is all up to you. Are you sure that you can give us the cure?” Harold asked me. 
I raised my head and nodded at him in acknowledgment. “Yeah. You will get the cure tomorrow morning.” 
“Thank you, my child,” Uncle Lucas said to me. 
I turned my head, but my gaze fell on Adrian. He looked at me with doubtful eyes. 
He might have been curious about the way I would manage it. But I had my own ways. 
After spending some time with Adrian’s parents, I left the pack hospital.
It was already nighttime when I arrived at the hotel where I was staying. I went straight to my room and dialed my brother’s number. 
“Where are you?” I heard Jason’s voice. 
I frowned at his question. “Brother, you know the answer. I am in the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
“I am asking about where you are in the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
I thought he was asking for the purpose of sending his men to bring the cure to this location. 
2.5 
My brother was a man who possessed a high level of intelligence. A few months ago, he formed an alliance with the Blood Moon Pack. During that time, head Alpha wanted to give something to Jason as a present. 
Jason did not want to accept anything, but that Alpha asked him to inquire about anything that he could provide for their mutual benefit. 
That time, Jason asked me if I wanted anything from that pack. Because Doctor Max Harrison was my mentor, I was familiar with a lot of information reg 
The medical field was not something that Jason was very knowledgeable about. Nevertheless, he asked for it as a present from the head Alpha of the Bl 
At first, the Alpha took time to talk with Doctor Max about making it for us. But soon after, he presented us with the cure as a gift. 
Since then, the cure had been mine. I never had a need to make use of it. On the other hand, I was interested in observing the herbs that Doctor Max int it at the same time, so I also investigated the process. It was beneficial to me in the field of medicine. 
“I’m in the Black Sparkle hotel right now.” I replied to him after trying to understand the reason behind his question. 
In response, he said, “Okay, I’m on my way,” and then he ended. the call. 
My eyes widened. Did he really mean that he was going to come here? But I told him to send one of his men with the cure. How 
come he came all the way here?‘ I thought. 
After hurriedly leaving my room, made my way to the lobby area of the hotel. 
Calling my driver, I inquired as to whether Jason had shared any information with him on his arrival. But he was astounded as 
well. 
“Miss, What are you saying? Alpha is coming here?” It was his question after hearing my inquiry. 
After some reflection, I realized that Jason had not said anything to my driver because he believed that he would tell me about it.
As I waited for my brother, I moved to the couch and sat down. The possibility that he and Adrian might cross paths and that he would lose his temper w 
1. me. 
Even if Jason was the head Alpha of our pack, he could not attack Adrian because it was not our pack. 
It was Adrian’s pack. Everyone almost worshipped him here. 
On the other hand, attacking an alpha in his own pack was a forbidden law. 
One hour had passed. I was still waiting for Jason while sitting on the couch. I tried to call him, but it did not connect. 
My focus was concentrated on the main entrance of the hotel, which was constructed out of see– through glass so that I could view the outside of the building. 
I was anxiously chewing my nails. Suddenly, I noticed a bright blue car pulling up outside of the hotel. 
1 recognized that car. It was Jason’s car. I got to my feet. immediately and dashed over outside. 
The driver came out of the car and went to the back door to open 
1. it. 
Jason got out of the car. He was the head Alpha of a pack, so there was always a powerful aura emanating from within him. 
Others in the vicinity of us cast a glance in his direction. 
I ignored everyone else, and I made my way to him. 
The moment my brother laid eyes on me, he broke into a broad smile. 
I flashed him a grin and hugged him. 
“Brother, I missed you.” 
I felt him kiss my head lightly and reply, “Brother missed you too, my little baby.” 
I pulled away from the hug and chuckled. 
“Stop spoiling me and tell me why you came. I told you to send someone else.”
###Alpha 58
“I had the intention of sending someone else. But I had the feeling that I ought to come and bring you back.” 
While I was staring at my brother, I did not utter a single word. His concerns were overwhelming to me. I could understand his 
worries. 
“Where is the cure?” I asked him. 
He raised a brow and said, 
“Do you want me to give you that right here?” 
As I looked around, I noticed that there were a few people who were looking at us. 
I went inside the hotel while holding his hand. 
“Oh, no way. It is impossible to predict when someone may engage in a plan against me and turn the cure into poison. This place is full of adversaries fo 
When he heard my statements, he laughed. I could not deny the fact that Jason and I shared a wonderful bond. He was a brother who loved me very mu 
If he had not saved me five years ago, I would have died in the forest. If he had not protected me like a shield, I would have become a laughing stock in 
We, two siblings, proceeded to the reception area. He rented 
+15 RONUS 
another room for himself but before going there, we went to my 
room first. 
“Mom is very worried for you, Natalia,” Jason said as he sat on the couch. 
I went ahead and poured him a glass of water and then offered it 
to him. 
“I know. I talked to her daily.” 
“You are going back tomorrow, right?” he inquired while holding the glass in his hand. noveldrama
I gave him a nod. “Yeah.” 
“When?” 
“Tomorrow night.” 
“Okay.”
“Brother, let’s go back together,” I said, sitting on the bed. 
He shook his head in denial. “No. I have some stuff to do.” 
I gulped when I heard him. “Brother, please don’t do anything to anyone.” 
After he had finished drinking the water, he rose up and placed it on the tiny table that was not far from the couch. 
“Don’t worry. I am not going to meet with that loser. It’s totally about business.” 
I got to my feet. “If you are saying so, then okay. I’ll go back with my driver.” 
“Good. And here is your cure.” 
From inside his pocket, he pulled out a transparent bottle, which was filled with red liquid inside. 
I reached for it and grabbed it tightly. I looked at the bottle. It was tiny in size, but the cure inside was so powerful that it could help the inner wolf, which o 
“Thank you, brother.” 
“Anytime. Now sleep well. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
I walked him to the door when he was leaving my room. 
I was happy to see my brother. When I realized that he was not upset with me, I felt a sense of relief. He was speaking to me in such a calm manner. 
I closed the door and went to bed to sleep. I was happy that I could help Alpha Lucas. It was kind of a recompense from my side for him. 
The following day, I received a large number of phone calls from Harold. He was asking me if I was able to manage the cure. I reassured him that I was o 
When I reached the hospital, I called Harold. He did not receive my call, which made me realize that he might be busy. 
I called Auntie Grace and asked where she was right now. She informed me that Uncle Lucas had shifted to an operation room. Only his wolf could bene 
I 
After inquiring about the location of the operating room, hastened in the direction of it. When I reached there, I found 
Auntie Grace sitting outside the room. Adrian and all of his officials were present there. The guards were there, too. But they were a distance away. 
“Natalia,” Auntie Grace murmured as soon as she became aware of my presence. 
I walked to her and said, “How is Uncle Lucas?” 
“He is inside. Doctors are getting his body ready to endure the cure. Did you get the cure?”
Her voice carried an air of desperation that I could feel. She was very worried for her husband. 
I reached into the bag and extracted the cure. 
Everyone around me was looking at it with surprise. 
The red liquid inside the bottle was glistening under the lights of the hospital. 
“Where did you get it?” I heard Adrian’s question. 
I paid him no attention and instead said to Auntie Grace, “Uncle will be fine. Don’t worry, Auntie.” 
At that moment, the door was opened, and Harold emerged from the room while he was dressed in a white coat, a white mask, and a pair of white glove 
When he spotted me, his eyes lit up with expectations. “Have your found the cure?” 
“Of course. Here it is,” I replied, and I handed the cure to him. 
When Harold gripped the bottle, Adrian asked him, 
“How do we know that it’s the cure you asked for?” 
I turned my head toward him with a frown. He was asking something like that after the entire week had passed? 
What did he think? I came here to kill his dad? 
Harold replied with an assured tone, 
“We will examine the cure first. It will take one hour to get the result. After that, we will start the procedure.”
###Alpha 59
Adrian’s POV 
The whole day passed in the hospital. 
The fact that I cared for my parents was something that I did not express to them. I was worried for my father. That was another case where I could not f 
I cast a fleeting glance in the direction of Natalia, who was pacing around outside the operating room. 
I observed her the whole day. Something that really caught me off guard was the truth that she looked worried about my father. It was always her claim t 
My mother told me how she went to the pack house and helped my father with medicines or his nutrition. 
I couldn’t help but wonder how she was able to be so knowledgeable about them. 
In the last five years, I had never witnessed my parents being so happy and pleased as they were right now with Natalia. 
I could not change their thoughts about Natalia. They saw her as a reliable woman in their eyes. 
“Stop staring at her. It’s too obvious.” 
I heard Patric from right next to me. Taking my gaze away from Natalia, I switched my attention to him. 
“What’s wrong?” I asked him in an instigating. 
Patric shook his head. “Nothing happened. All I can say is that I have been observing you. Your eyes are fixed on her. You will make the woman scared o 
I scoffed at his words. Scared of me? Little did he know how bold that woman had become recently, 
“Lynda is calling me,” he muttered. 
“How is her hand?” I asked. 
“Don’t you think that her wound was not so deep that she overreacted?” 
I glared at Patric. 
His brows shot up. “Come on. I was just stating the facts,” he added. 
“She almost broke her hand.” 
“According to what I am aware of, Lynda is a strong Beta woman, How could she possibly not make an effort to liberate herself? Could it be that she is tr 
Beta Patric murmured before looking away from me. 
I remembered what I had seen that day. I saw that Natalia was twisting Lynda’s hand, and Lynda was crying without making
any movement. 
I was not a fool. I knew if Lynda wanted, she could break free herself. I asked her about it too. She replied to me that she was showing me that she was 
It was hard for me to comprehend that she was torturing Lynda 
+15 BOI 
in such a manner. 
Lynda was an innocent woman. She had risked her life to save me years ago. In the past, she had put her life in danger in order to save me. She suffere hatred for her. 
The way he talked to me in the room that day was another blaze She was just full of herself. I believed that I despised her from the bottom of my heart. 
The moment that Doctor Harold stepped out of the operating room, my train of thought abruptly halted. 
“How is he?” I asked him. 
Both my mother and Natalia appeared to be very nervous to learn about the condition of my father. 
“You all can relax now. The cure really worked on her.” 
Hearing Harold brought a sense of relief to me. I glanced at Natalia, who let out a deep breath. noveldrama
“When can I meet him?” My mother asked Doctor Harold. 
“You can meet him after an hour, when he will be shifted to a private cabin. But let me tell you one thing. He is unconscious right now. He will wake up af 
With a tear in her eye, my mother placed her palm on her chest and exhaled deeply. Dobserved Natalia giving her a hug and making an effort to comfort 
I stared at her. The view looked like a family scene where a good daughter–in–law was trying to console ho 
I immediately diverted my gaze from them when I realized what I was thinking. 
“Natalia, thank you. You saved Alpha Lucas today.” 
I heard Doctor Harold’s gentle tone. I immediately turned to look at him. 
While he was speaking to her, I noticed that his eyes became more gentle. 
As my thoughts kept going back to the time when I had seen them together in the cafeteria of the hospital, I narrowed my 
eyes. 
It appeared as though Harold had suddenly become aware that I was seeing him when his eyes met mine and his brows shot up. 
After making a little bow to his head, he entered the room by going inside.
In the end, I decided to go outside. 
I left the hospital and made my way outside. I pulled out a cigarette and started to smoke while looking around. 
My eyes fell on a couple who were holding the hands of twins. I observed them and noticed that the father was crying while he was holding one of the ch 
They walked past me when I heard the father say, 
“I can’t lose you, my child. You are my very own blood. I don’t know how I can let you go from my life?” 
I was surprised to hear him. Could a man show such emotion for a child? 
Suddenly, the twins made me remember Natalia’s babies. 
I felt angry about thinking that they were someone else’s l 
I did not know why that little boy had a problem with me, liked the little girl. On the other hand, I was unable to forge they were the offspring of another pe 
In a fit of anger, I threw the cigarette on the ground and sma: it with my shoes. 
During the time that I was getting ready to return to the hosp something drew my attention. 
I saw Natalia coming out of the hospital. A car came to a stop directly in front of the hospital. The car looked cheap in price. 
A driver from the car came out and opened the door for her as she were the owner of the car. She entered the car, and the driv bowed to her before closing the door beside h 
Why did he bow to her? She was not from a royal family. This wa of showing respect was reserved exclusively for the Alpha an the members of his family 
I saw the car driving in the opposite direction. 
After pulling out my phone, I dialed the number for my mother 
“Where is Natalia going?” I asked her directly while heading to 
my car. 
The question that I asked her took her by surprise, but she responded by saying, 
“She is leaving our pack.” 
I hung up the phone and got into my car. 
Following the path that Natalia’s car had taken, I started my own car and headed in that direction.
###Alpha 60
Third POV 
Adrian looked at the road while following Natalia’s car. He had no idea why he was trailing after her. But when his mother told him that she was leaving, h 
How could she leave his pack without his permission? 
Suddenly, a few raindrops began to fall on the windshield out of nowhere. As he raised his eyes to the sky, he noticed that it was cloudy. 
“It’s raining,” he muttered. 
The slippery ground mirrored what was happening in the sky. The loud thunderstorms echoed through the whole street. 
Adrian’s eyes were on the red light emanating from Natalia’s car. 
While following the car, he dialed her number. He wanted to stop her and ask her about many things in the hopes of getting an answer from her. 
He did not feel right about the thought of her leaving. 
He got mad when Natalia cut his calls every single time. Every unanswered call made him feel unknown worry. He found that woman’s actions to be frus 
“Why is this woman not picking up my calls?” he said to himself as he clenched his fists tightly around the steering wheel. His knuckles turned white beca 
Rain on winter days created more fog. It would only make the atmosphere frozen. At that time, it became difficult to see 
– anything on the road. 
One by one, his every fight with Natalia that had happened this week came to Adrian’s mind. Her rude words were hanging in the air like clouds in the sk 
“Does this woman think I can not stop her?” He groaned and sped up his driving. 
Meanwhile, 
Natalia was staring at the screen of her phone. Adrian was calling 
her. 
She did not know what he wanted from her. However, she was not obliged to answer that man’s call. She was not his pack member, and he was not her 
She switched off her phone so that Adrian could not call her again. Then she put her phone in her bag. 
She did not receive Adrian’s calls because she did not want to 
talk to him. 
“I want to go home fast,” she said to her driver.
Her driver glanced at the rear mirror and assured her, 
“Yeah, Miss. I am driving faster.” 
She nodded her head at him and turned her attention outside the 
window. 
While sitting in the back seat of her car, Natalia observed the world passing by in a hurry. 
Everything that had happened in this one week started coming back to her. She decided she would never come back to this pack again. noveldrama
She looked at the raindrops on the closed window. She did not know why it was raining so suddenly. But it could explain her inner situation. 
Her life was the same as the fog and the rain in this dull weather. 
She came here with the intention of helping Alpha Lucas, and her mission was accomplished. Now she was returning to her home. The home, where he 
She could not help but think about her twins. Their behavior towards their father somehow astounded her. 
Only one question had been roaming around her head. 
“What if they learn about their relationship? What will happen then?‘ 
The roar of the engine and the swiping of the windshield wipers. made her feel a little sleepy. But her thoughts mixed with a familiar tone, which was the sound of raindrops on the roof of the car. 
It was like the droplets of rain carrying the weight of her 
memories. The way it made its way down the glass surfaces was pulling Natalia deeper into her past. 
The calmness of the ride was suddenly disturbed when the driver’s shaky and frustrated voice reached her ears. 
“Miss, the brake is not working.” 
Her eyes widened after hearing her driver. 
“What!” 
Fear enveloped her tightly, as though she could breathe after hearing that. The feeling of being safe crumbled in her heart. 
She gave her driver a disbelief look, then shifted her attention to the road. 
Indeed, her driver was right. The brake was not working at all. 
The driver was trying hard to control everything. But he fell in a struggle with the wheel, which refused to turn.
Because of the rain, the road had become slippery and difficult to navigate. It appeared that the car had lost control. Because the brakes had failed, he w 
As the car got closer to the incline, the surroundings around Natalia seemed to slow down, and each second looked like it would last for an eternity. At th 
“BE CAREFU-” 
Natalia’s voice was interrupted as there was a startling jerk in 
the car. 
The car started to spin. 
Natalia’s mind was a whirlwind of panic. She could not believe this was happening with her. She felt like she was going to die. 
On the other hand, 
Adrian was on the same road, driving his car while following Natalia’s car. 
Due to the headlights of his car, he could see what was happening on the road. 
He felt his heart pierce when he saw how Natalia’s car was imbalanced and started to spin. 
The scenario ahead was nothing less than a nightmare for him. His body trembled, and he could not believe the sight. His mind screamed at the denial t 
Adrian did not have time to think, so he decided to go with his instincts. Though he knew that it could put his life in danger, he did not give it a second tho 
car. 
Even though his heart was racing, he drove his car towards Natalia’s with a quiet prayer in his mouth. 
With a grace born of sheer will, Adrian’s car met Natalia’s. 
The powerful yet dangerous shove stopped the deadly spin. 
The metal screeched as the collision of two cars stopped the car inches from crashing.
###Alpha 61
Adrian did not waste his time in gathering his breath. Without any hesitation, he got out of the car as quickly as he could. 
The buzz of the moment compelled him to move forward. The sound of raindrops seemed like nothing to him compared to the sound of his fast heartbea 
In his rush to get to Natalia’s car, he hardly paid attention to the damp ground beneath his feet. 
The world around him became hazy before him. His own pounding heart blurred the edges of reality. 
The closer he approached, the more he felt that it was shattering his heart, instilling fear in his mind, and frightening him from the inside. 
Natalia’s car looked like a mystery in silence under the rain, and Adrian was desperate to unfold it. 
“Natalia, can you hear me?” He called out. 
His voice came to her ears like a hand reaching out to rescue her from a dark imprisonment. 
Inside the car, Natalia was feeling a whirlwind of emotions. 
Her world, which was as fragile as a delicate glass and almost shattered by the disaster, suddenly felt serenity. 
The sound of Adrian’s voice, though clear and reassuring, seemed to come from a distant world, one that she was struggling to reconnect with. 
She had lost her mind as the wounds in her body made her feel 
numb. However, his voice was like a promise to her that he would save her. 
Her world had been turned upside down, and her head had turned into a battleground, fighting between reality and memories of the accident. noveldrama
Her mind kept reminding her of the broken and sharp memories of the incident, each one a painful reminder of what she had. endured. 
How did that happen? Wasn’t she feeling the weather, which reminded her of her past? Even a while ago, everything was fine. 
But later, the screech of tires, the smashing of glass, and the feeling of the car spinning over–everything almost took her life away from her. 
It was his voice that slowly pulled her back to consciousness. It was then that his face emerged from behind the shattered window, displaying a look of c 
The moment Natalia’s eyes fell on him, she was taken aback. The sight of him was so familiar yet so unreal! It made her jolt back to her senses. 
When his eyes met hers, they were filled with worries and fears that he had not yet expressed. 
“Natalia? Don’t close your eyes,” he shouted from outside the broken window. 
He reached out his hand to touch her. As their fingers touched, a current of connection jolted through them. It was the mate bond between them.. 
After experiencing it, she realized that she had almost forgotten that he was still her mate.
Adrian growled loudly as he noticed her hand was wet with blood. Her hand was shaking, which was a clear indication of the pain she was feeling right n 
His wolf wanted to take over him and hugged his mate in his arms in a protective way. He had found his mate after a long wait. How could he let his mate 
Despite the fact that Adrian’s hand was brushing against the broken window glass, he chose to ignore the pain. His hand extended toward the lock, and 
door. 
Natalia’s body slid to the side as soon as he opened the door, and he scooped her up in his arms immediately. 
In her eyes, he saw a reflection of the difficult time, revealing to him both her weaknesses and her strengths. 
“Don’t worry. Nothing will happen to you,” he said to her with an assuring tone. 
His eyes fell on her head, which was filled with blood as it rolled down her face. 
He was unaware of the feeling that he had felt at that moment. It was unknown to him. The accident almost took his life away from him. 
He lightly patted her cheek and called her once again. 
“Natalia.” 
Natalia almost closed her eyes, but Adrian’s voice pulled her back to consciousness. 
She realized what had just happened to her. As soon as she understood Adrian walking to his car, she gave a shake of her head. The state of his car wa 
Adrian was completely clueless about what he was doing. He thought she needed to go to the hospital, but he forgot that his car would not start either. 
“I–I don’t want to go. S–Save my driver. H–He is inside the car,” Natalia mumbled as she shook her head again. 
Adrian ignored her mumbles and opened his car door. When he saw smoke streaming out of his car, which served as evidence that it had been complete 
At that time, he heard the ringtone of his phone. He cursed himself for throwing away his phone in anger. As he searched for his phone while holding Na 
“Adria-” 
Adrian did not have the patience to listen to anything, so he cut Patric off by saying, 
“Patric, come to the Moon Valley road right now.” 
“Moon Valley? I am close to that road. What happened?” 
Adrian glanced at the car where Natalia’s driver was.
“Arrange an ambulance and come here faster,” he yelled at him. 
It was not the time to explain anything, so Adrian cut the call and waited for his beta to come as soon as possible. 
He looked over to Natalia, who was quietly inhaling and exhaling deeply. 
“I–I can walk. My 1–legs are fine, she said to him with a pain in her head. 
But he did not listen to her. Instead, he held her tightly in his arms, refusing to let her go. 
The rain had finally stopped falling. The blood stains that were on Natalia’s body were wiped away. 
All of a sudden, Adrian’s eyes fell on her hands. He saw a burn scar on her right hand. 
When he thought back to the girl who had saved him in the past, his heart began to beat more quickly than usual. 
His eyes stared at her hand in confusion. 
“Where did this scar come from?”
###Alpha 62
Natalia was stunned by the question. It was so painful that she could not even move her head to look at her hand because she was bleeding from her he 
To get a better look at what Adrian was talking about, she slowly raised her hand. 
But the moment she saw the scar, she was caught off guard. 
For what reason did the scar suddenly become visible after being concealed for so many years? Did something happen to her body? Why could her bod 
She did not want to talk about it. There was no need to pull the past into her life again. 
She never regretted it. But the current state of affairs would only serve to make her feel more unhappy about the situation. So, 
after so many years, she did not want to talk about it because she did not want to think about it again. 
“I–I was attacked by rogues and w–woke up without that memory.” 
“Whe-” 
The sound of a car’s horn cut through Adrian’s conversation. When he turned around, he noticed that Patric had already arrived. Behind his car, there wa 
Patric jumped out of his car when he realized what had happened on the road. 
“What the hell!” Patric let out an exclamation upon seeing Natalia in such a terrible state. 
Adrian did not waste any time in the ambulance. He rushed to Patric’s car. Keeping Natalia close to him, he sat in the backseat of the vehicle. 
Patric went to close the back door when he saw them entering the 
car. 
Natalia lifted her hand. Her hand was rembling. 
“M–My driver.” 
Patric was able to comprehend what she was saying. He gave her a nod and assured her by saying, 
“They are trying to help him. Don’t freak out.” 
In a few minutes, the ambulance paramedics managed to get the driver out, who had passed out. noveldrama
“He is alive, still taking breaths, Patric stated to Natalia as he sat in the driver’s seat of the car. 
Because she was experiencing a heavy feeling in her head, Natalia closed her eyes. 
Adrian stared at her face as he was lost in confusion. He slowly lifted his hand and gently stroked the scar on her hand. 
‘She said some rogues attacked her. When? After leaving my pack? Because I had never seen this scar on her body when she was with me.‘ Adrian tho
Quite a few questions were going through his mind at the moment. He desired to know the answers. He was going to inquire about it later. 
Patric stopped the car outside the pack hospital. Already waiting for them outside was Doctor Harold, along with a few other 
medical professionals. Because Patric had already informed him beforehand. 
After getting out of the car, Adrian made his way to the opposite side of the vehicle. He held Natalia and lifted her once again. 
When Doctor Harold observed Natalia with blood found in both her head and her hand, he appeared to be in a state of shock. The hospital staff suggeste 
Adrian laid her down and let them do what was best for Natalia. 
When they took her to the operation room, Adrian waited outside. Doctor Harold said that she needed a few stitches on her head. 
“Adrian, I know you are a very strong man, and you don’t feel pain. But the flanks of the glasses can infect your skin.” Beta Patric said to him. 
Adrian looked down and saw that he was bleeding from both hands. It was the broken window that caused him to get injuries to his right arm. An injury was found on his left palm. 
It came to his mind that he had become unbalanced when he attempted to bring Natalia’s car to a stop. He suffered an injury as a result of pressing his hand on the window of his car. 
His eyes shifted on his shirt, which was covered with Natalia’s blood, but because of its black color, it could go unnoticed by others. 
He let out a deep breath. In his entire life, he had never experienced fear on the level that he did now. In his lifetime, he would never want to go through 
Patric observed Adrian for a while. When he noticed that Adrian did not appear to be concerned about his wounds, he approached 
a nurse who was on the verge of passing by and instructed her to examine and treat him. 
The nurse gulped as she was feeling nervous in front of the head Alpha. However, she indicated to Adrian that he should accompany her to the next cabin so that she could treat his hand. 
Patric forced Adrian to go and bandage his hand. 
After half an hour, Doctor Harold came out of the operation room and found Adrian outside.. 
“She is lucky that her body did not get hurt much. Nevertheless, she suffered a head injury. According to my estimation, it will take her a week to recover from the stitches.” 
Adrian peeked at the operation room and asked him, 
“Is she okay?”
Harold was shocked by the caring tone of Alpha Adrian. He had never seen this side of him. When Natalia and he were married, he never showed any sign of concern for her. Furthermore 
“Yeah, she is fine. It’s just that she lost blood. The cuts in her head did not harm her memories. She is a fortunate lady.” 
While Patric was standing behind Adrian, he was keeping a close. eye on everything. 
“Thanks, Doctor Harold,” he said, showing gratitude to him since he knew his Alpha did not know how to do that. 
“When will she wake up?” Adrian asked Harold. 
“Her stitches are raw, so we want her to stay unconscious. I 
think it will take her a few hours to wake up. You can meet her tomorrow; till then, she will be under observation.”
###Alpha 63
Despite the fact that Adrian desired to remain in the hospital, Partric advised him to return to his company’s apartment or to the pack house in order to ge 
Since both of his parents were also in the pack hospital, he did not go to the pack house. His father had not yet been released from the hospital for his c 
His car was destroyed on the road during the accident, so Patric told his driver to send him to his apartment. 
While sitting on the backseat, Adrian looked outside the window. He was not feeling well. His wolf felt affected a lot by watching Natalia’s condition. 
One thing Adrian felt today was that he could not resist the mate bond. 
He believed that because of the mate bond, he was experiencing these kinds of feelings toward Natalia. In truth, he was not as affected by his father’s ill 
The car pulled to a stop in front of his company’s apartment. Beta Patric’s driver got out of the car and opened the door for him. 
Adrian exited the car. The driver gave him a respectful bow. With a nod, Adrian left for his apartment. 
A frown creased his forehead as he approached the door. 
Lynda was standing beside the door. 
“What are you doing here?” Adrian asked her while taking out his house key from his pocket. 
Lynda looked shocked when she glanced at his bandaged hands. 
“What happened to your hands?” she asked with a surprised 
tone. 
“Nothing,” he replied, opening the door. 
He entered the house. Behind him, Lynda trailed along. 
why are you 
“You don’t tell me anything, Adrian. acting this way toward me? I am your fiancee. I have the right to know about what’s happening with you,” Lynda com 
He sat on the couch in the large living room and then asked, 
“How do you know that I will be here?” he asked her in a calm 
tone. 
Lynda stood in front of him and replied, “I went to visit your dad in the pack hospital. Your mom said you haven’t been staying at the pack house for the la 
“Hmm.”
That was the only response she got from him. 
She gave him a close inspection. She saw bloodstains when his black shirt sank a little within his chest. 
Her eyes grew wide. She leaned forward toward him and tried to touch his chest. 
“What are you doing?” Adrian asked her while grabbing her 
wrists right away. 
When Lynda realized that his shirt was soaked with blood, she turned to gaze at him in terror. She inquired, “Did you get hurt?” 
To keep her away from him, he pushed her hands. 
She hissed as if the push had hurt her. Adrian looked at her and saw that she was rubbing her right hand. His gaze landed on her hand’s burn mark. 
It reminded him of Natalia’s scar. He shoved his thoughts and looked away from Lynda. 
“What brings you here? Are you in need of anything? Didn’t I tell you to contact my secretary?” he asked her. 
Lynda stared at him. She tightened her fists as she asked, 
“So you think I always come here to get something?” 
Adrian got to his feet and replied, 
“It’s getting late. It’s time for you to return home. We can discuss it tomorrow.” 
Adrian started to get to his bedroom after saying that. 
But Lynda hurried over to take hold of his hand. 
“Why are you avoiding me, Adrian?” 
He lowered his head and looked at her hand, which was grabbing him. She did not let it go. 
“You witnessed how that woman nearly broke my hand. You said you would take action against her. Then how come you haven’t punished her yet? Wha 
Adrian grasped her hand and pulled it away from his arm. 
3.5 
He frowned at her and asked, 
“You were not that weak. Why did you not stand up for yourself at that moment?”
“As I told you before, I wanted to show her reality to you, Adrian. 
Adrian averted his gaze from her. “I don’t want to talk about it right now.” 
“You never seem to notice her faults. Why, Adrian? You said you hated her, didn’t you? So why are you unable to punish her?” 
Adrian stared at the blank wall. The questions really hit his mind. But he came to the conclusion that it was because she was his 
mate. 
It was his wolf who did not want him to go against her or harm her. His wolf always protected her from him. noveldrama
“Nothing is like that. Good night, Lynda,” Adrian muttered. 
Just as he was going to move forward, Lynda spoke out again. 
“That nothing is like that is a good thing. Because that woman lacks morality. That Beta Eric was not enough for her. She needs more than just beta. She 
Adrian’s legs froze. Hearing Lynda, he felt infuriated. 
He wanted to scold her and order her to keep out of Natalia’s business. But as soon as he turned to face Lynda, she threw a bunch of pictures onto the t 
Lynda looked at Adrian and said, 
“You can see the proof with your own eyes.” 
Adrian couldn’t figure out what evidence she was referring to. 
As he approached the table, his eyes fell on the photos. 
Just by looking at the pictures, his blood started to boil almost instantly. 
In a fit of rage, he grabbed the pictures and nearly fisted them as he stared at them one by one. 
Natalia was hugging Alpha Jason outside the hotel. In one photo, Alpha Jason was kissing her head. In another one, Natalia had a smile on her face as 
###Alpha 64
An angry growl came out of Adrian’s mouth. Lynda’s knees were trembling at the soles of her feet. In a few seconds, she fell to her knees in submission. 
“Where did you get those photos?” Adrian asked her. 
“O–One of my friends recognized her and clicked those photos. They said Alpha Jason was calling her baby. They looked very close to each other.” 
Adrian tightened his fists in anger. He had no idea why he was feeling so affected by that woman. 
Didn’t he know that Natalia was like this? She had children with 
another man. After everything that had happened, why was she still having such an impact on him? He was getting mad at himself. He turned his attentio 
“When were the photos taken?” 
Lyda raised her head and replied, “Last night.” 
“Then why did you wait for the whole day to show me these. photos?” 
“She sent it to me an hour ago. She even said that she heard them talking about a cure. Natalia asked whether or not Alpha Jason had brought that with 
Adrian was silent for a while, then ordered her. 
“Raise.” 
She got to her feet and tried to approach him, but he lifted his hand. 
“Go back to your home. I don’t want to talk about anything right now.” noveldrama
Lynda nodded her head and left the house. When she came out and walked to her car, she had a pleased look on her face. 
“Natalia, you are such a fortunate woman! Adrian ruined my plan and saved you from the mouth of death. But how long? I have made another plan to de 
She laughed and got inside her car. 
Her driver turned to look at her to know why she was laughing all alone. But when she glared at him, he started to drive. He knew that she was not the soft woman she pretended to be in front of the head Alpha. 
Meanwhile, 
Adrian’s mind was going insane. 
He pulled out his phone and called the hotel. He asked for the CCTV footage from last night.
In a few minutes, they sent him all the videos. He went to his study room and opened his laptop. 
While sitting on his chair, he watched the footage from the hotel’s security camera outside the hotel. 
When he saw Alpha Jason and Natalia giving each other hugs, his eyes darkened. 
Adrian clicked on the footage inside the hotel. He was shocked that Natalia led Alpha Jason to her hotel room. 
Adrian furiously closed his laptop. He stood up and walked to the window. 
He dialed a number and said, 
“Find out if Alpha Jason has Doctor Max’s cure in any way.” 
After talking on the phone, he started to smoke while looking outside. 
The moon was in an orange hue. It cast a dark moonlight that illuminated the whole forest. His eyes were fixed on it for a long time. 
After half an hour, his men called him to inform him that the Blue Blood Pack and the Blood Moon Pack had created an alliance a few months ago. That 
Adrian cut the call and stared outside, as he never looked away 
from it. 
While standing there smoking, he did not know when the sky had cleared from the darkness. 
Natalia opened her eyes and found herself in a hospital bed. 
She tried to lift her hand but felt pain in her right hand. 
“Be careful. Your hand is healing slowly.” 
She heard a female voice. She turned her head and found a nurse standing beside the bed. 
She hissed in pain and lifted her left hand to touch her head. 
“It’s hurting,” she mumbled and tried to sit up. 
The nurse helped her sit, then placed a pillow behind her back to lean against it. 
“Thank you,” Natalia said to her. 
The nurse smiled at her and said, “You were injured really badly last night. Alpha brought you here. He looked really worried for you and did not leave un
Natalia looked away from her. She recalled how Adrian saved her last night. It was praiseworthy. She should thank him for that. 
“You are lucky that you didn’t get hurt much in your body; 
otherwise, there was a chance to get paralyzed as a result of this type of accident.” 
“Thanks for saving me.” 
“No, no. Doctor Harold himself treated you. You got a few stitches in your head, which will take some time to heal.” 
Natalia got to know about her health. She could only thank Harold for helping her, which she would definitely do. 
Suddenly, the door of the cabin flung open. Natalia turned her head to the door and saw Adrian. 
He glanced at the nurse, who bowed her head and left the cabin, leaving them alone. 
Natalia’s eyes went on his hands, which were bandaged. She understood that he got hurt while trying to save her. 
She cleared her throat when she noticed Adrian approaching the bed. 
“For what you did for me last night…” Natalia paused and exhaled, then continued, “Thank you, Alpha Adrian.” 
Her voice came out very formal, as if she were talking with another pack’s alpha and showing her gratitude toward him. 
“I don’t need your thanks,” Adrian said, throwing a few photos at Natalia. 
Natalia flinched at his sudden action. She grabbed the photos that were scattered on the bed and felt shocked. 
Someone had clicked photos of her and her brother. 
“These photos-” 
“Why did you sleep with that man?” Adrian interrupted her. 
Her eyes widened upon hearing his question. She looked at him and shook her head. 
“What are you saying?” 
Adrian came close to her. She tried to move back, but she was already pressed against the bed with the help of the pillow, so she could not do that. 
“Why?” 
Natalia tried to calm herself and replied, 
“You are misunderstanding.” 
Adrian glared at her. When his eyes shifted to her head, he moved away from her.
He nodded his head and said, 
“You did that to get the cure, didn’t you? If I had known that you would get the cure by sleeping with another man, I would have never let you help my da
###Chapter 65
Natalia's POV
As soon as I heard him say such gibberish, a sharp pain shot through my left side of the chest. I could not even place my hand over it since I was staring at the cruel man in front of me.
Just now, I was thinking about thanking him for saving my life. But the reality was that this man was nothing but a scumbag.
He was talking something like this about me and my brother. How ridiculous!
There was no way I would reveal my identity to him. However, what was his problem with me being with another man? Why was he assuming things? He even accused me of getting the cure by sleeping with another man!
"Cat caught your tongue? Oh, wait. What am I even expecting from you? A justification for sleeping with another alpha?"
I closed my eyes and tightened my fists around the white hospital bed sheet. I felt the fabric rough against my fingers. My nails almost pierced my skin while penetrating the white sheet.
Calm down. Don't lose your temper.' I told myself.
After opening my eyes, I saw he was still standing there, as though waiting for my reply. Despite his nonsense accusations, did he really think I would say something to him about it? Nevertheless, I was not his slave who would have to give justifications for every single action.
"I told you it's a misunderstanding. But if you still want to believe in your own cooking stories, then I can not do anything about it," I said to him.noveldrama
I thought my voice would come out strong, but the accident made me very weak. My throat felt parched.
I looked at the glass of water that was set down next to the bed. I tried to lift my right hand but failed to do that. I was unable to get the glass to quench my thirst.
On the other hand, Adrian's eyes were fixed on me. Instead of helping me, he stood next to the edge, where I could reach out and touch the glass.
I raised my head and looked at him. His face was fiercer. It reminded me of the opposite look of his, which I confronted last night. Though I was in a haze at the time, I could see a little worry in his eyes after the accident. Perhaps it was only my illusion.
How could this man feel worried for me? Wasn't it an impossible thing? But then, why did he come to save me? He could have left me to perish and watch the scenario with his own eyes.
"What do you want from me?" I asked, feeling agitated.
I noticed him putting his hands into the pockets of his pants as he observed my expressions.
Could he not understand that I was thirsty? If he could not do anything, then at least help me get the glass.
"You can't give me anything. I know why you did it. You just wanted to show me that you were doing me a favor. Am I right?" he asked.
"What?"
"Don't act innocent. This body..." He paused and pointed his finger at my body with a cold look on his face, then continued.
'This body is good for nothing to me. You are no longer attractive. Who knows how many men have touched it in the past few years?"
Hearing his filthy statements, I wanted the ground to move so that I could bury myself.
Tears started to shuffle around the comers of my eyes. My heart was beating faster. It was not because of the mate bond or the nearness of my mate. The reason behind it was that my heart could not take it anymore.
I gathered up my breath and asked, "If this is what you think about me, then why did you save me? Why didn't you just let me die? Did you also want to show me your favor?"
He appeared to be stunned by my question. It was clear that he did not expect me to talk back with a confident tone. Why would I not talk like that? I didn't do anything wrong.
"You still have the audacity!" he muttered while gritting his teeth.
His eyes were demonstrating the fury that was seething inside him.
But I was confused as to why he was angry. He did that too when he saw Eric with me. How could I forget how he reacted when he saw me with Harold at the cafe? And now, his next target was Jason.
If I tried to guess, only one thing came to mind. Either he was conscious of his reputation, or he wanted me to live a life under his command.
Simply put, he wanted to play with my life as if I were his toy. If he wanted me to breathe, I would breathe.
"Stop acting innocent in front of me. Does that man know your reality? Or he was the one who approached you since he realized what type of woman you are. How can you cheat a beta with his own alpha? Do you have a little shame left inside you, Natalia?" he asked while shaking his head.
Tears streamed out of my cheeks. I tried to wipe them while averting my gaze from the ruthless man. But once again, I forgot about my wounded hand. I bit my bottom lip, trying to control my scream of pain.
"I'm regretting that I accepted your help for my dad. I regret saving a woman like you last night."
The moment the last sentence left his mouth, I felt my heart clench inside.
So he was regretting saving me?
I slowly lifted my head and met his gaze again. Adrian frowned at me and bent down toward me. His face almost touched mine, which made me move my head a little back.
Abruptly, his strong hand grabbed the back of my neck. I shut my eyes in misery. Because I had my head bandaged, the feeling of his palm moving toward my neck sent a stab of pain to the back of my head.
I did not let out a single word. My eyes were focused on his eyes, which were full of animosity for me.
'Do you know what I want right now? I want to kill you here, in this hospital bed."
My heart froze because of his words. My wolf also heard his intentions toward us. It was kind of a closure to her that he did not care for us.
With teary eyes, I glared at him.
"You are not my Alpha, and I should not be bound to give an explanation about my actions. I can be with anyone! want, and you are no longer my husband to stop me. Just wait for the moment when I leave your pack, Alpha Adrian. Because soon you will regret what you are saying right now."
###Alpha 66
Adrian left after humiliating me more with his cruel words. I was sitting on the bed while peering out the window. My heart was aching just thinking about how Adrian was accusing me. 
I only did one thing wrong, which was falling for him in my past. If I hadn’t fallen for him, I would not have felt like this. 
I closed my eyes as I tried to connect with my wolf. She was mad at Adrian. She did not believe that he could treat his mate like 
that. 
“Nancy, let’s go back,” I said to her. 
My wolf was quiet inside me. She did not want to answer me about it, demonstrating that she did not agree with it. I knew how she was feeling for her m 
At the end of the day, we were werewolves. We could feel our wolf, talk to them at the same time, and sense their sentiments. They were part and parce 
But I was unable to pay attention to her silent reply. I could not fulfill her wish to be with our mate. 
The sound of the door opening disrupted my train of thought. I turned my head and noticed Harold coming inside. 
“Thank you for saving me again,” I said the moment he stepped inside the room. 
With a light smile on his face, he approached me. 
“It’s alright. It’s my duty,” he replied, giving me a poly bag. 
I tried to lift my right hand, but Harold held my hand with a little pressure and advised, 
“Don’t move your hand. It’s in the process of healing.” 
He placed my hand on my lap, opened the poly bag, and then handed me my phone. 
“Here is your phone. When they went to get your driver out of your car, they found your bag. There was a rule to check for security purposes. We found y 
I glanced at my phone, which was resting on my lap. “What about my driver? How is he?” 
“He is in a critical stage. He got hurt in his head.” 
My lips parted in shock. Was it because of me? I was the one who told him to drive faster. What if I hadn’t told him to drive at that speed? Would he have been fine right now? 
Harold noticed my trouncing look He patted his hand on my shoulder and made an effort to ease my worry. 
“Natalia, don’t be upset. Our pack has the best doctors. He will be fine. It will take a long time for him to get well. But he will be fine; I can assure you about it.”
Hearing him, I let out a sigh of relief. “How much should I thank you?” 
“You called me your friend. So you should not thank me frequently.” 
Just as I was about to say that he was really a good person, I heard another man’s voice coming from the slightly open door. 
“Natalia” 
When I turned my head, I saw my brother. 
“Brother!” 
He rushed toward me with an anxious look. Harold immediately moved aside and went to close the door. 
Meanwhile, Jason hugged me. Though I felt a little pain in my head from the sudden hug, I did not say anything to my brother. It was his love for me. 
“My baby, how did all of this happen?” he asked. 
My mind was at ease with it as if all I wanted was a warm hug from ?omeone close to me. I hugged his waist tightly with my left hand as he stood beside 
I wanted to cry while hugging him. I almost wanted to tell him 
how Adrian accused me about him. But I did not wish for any more trouble. 
“I don’t know, brother. I was so scared.” 
I shed tears in front of him. He broke the hug and wiped my tears. 
“Don’t worry. You will be fine very soon.” 
I nodded my head. Something broke into my mind. 
“Brother, my scars…” 
He frowned when he heard me. He glanced at my hand, which was covered by a half–sleeved hospital gown. 
“What happened to them?” 
“They came to be visible suddenly,” I murmured under my breath. 
He was taken aback. I had no idea why, but at that moment, Jason turned to Harold, who was caught off guard by his hasty 
gaze. 
I felt that he did not want to talk about it in front of others. 
Harold walked to us and extended his hand toward Jason.
“Alpha Jason, nice to meet you. It’s Doctor Harold, the head doctor of this pack.” 
Jason shook hands with him. Harold glanced at me and said, 
“I know you are siblings. A few days ago, Natalia told me everything about her family. I must say, she is a fortunate woman to have a brother like you.” 
Jason did not pay attention to it. Instead of discussing our family with him, he asked, 
“How is her health?” 
“She will be fine in a week. I gave her a high dose to heal the wounds quickly.” 
After a brief moment, Jason let out, 
“Arrange the papers for her discharge, Doctor Harold.” 
Harold looked stunned by his declaration. “But she hasn’t 
recovered yet. She needs bed rest for a whole week to activate the proper medication.” 
Jason turned to look at me. “Do you want to stay here?” 
I immediately shook my head in response. “No.” 
He shifted his attention back to Harold and said, 
“I have doctors in my pack. I am sure they can help her when we get there.” 
Although Harold had no say in this matter because it was the patient’s family’s decision, he did not want me to leave in that 
condition. 
I wanted to assure him that I would be fine. So I cleared my throat and said, 
“Harold, I will take care of myself. Thanks for everything. You are really a very good person.” 
Harold stared at me for a few seconds, then shook his head. “I hope you will be healthy in a few days.” 
I smiled at him with a nod. He then turned around and made his way to the door to leave the room so that he could proceed with the work on discharge p 
My smile faded when I heard my brother speak to him, giving him a warning. noveldrama
“I appreciate everything you have done for my sister. But I hope you will not raise your hope and always remain her true friend, Doctor Harold.”
###Alpha 67
I lifted my left hand and squeezed Jason’s sleeve. 
“Brother!” 
Harold turned his head to look at Jason. 
“Of course not, Alpha Jason. How can I think of going after the princess of the Blue Blood Pack? She is my friend, and that’s my great fortune.” 
Saying that, Harold glanced at me for the last time with a small smile and then left the cabin. 
I felt bad for Harold. I was sure that he never thought anything like that about me. He was my private physician; he knew everything about my health, wh 
“Why are you sad? Do you like that guy?” I heard my brother. 
I removed my hand from his sleeve and replied, 
“What? No. But he is my very good friend. He was the one who first helped me hide the truth from Adrian. I told you that, remember?” 
He sat on the edge of the bed and replied, 
“That’s why I appreciated him. But as a man, I could see other men’s intentions too.” 
“Do you mean he likes me?” 
He chuckled and pulled my cheek. “Who doesn’t like you? You are my cute little sister.” 
“Aaa! Leave my cheek.” I patted his hand, and I felt pain in my cheek from his pull. 
“Okay, okay, sorry. Now get ready. We are leaving right now.” 
Jason stood up, and his serious mood returned to his face. I wondered if all the Alphas had mood swings, as they always looked cold. Or perhaps they c 
After leaving the cabin, Jason sent the nurse to me, who was in charge. She helped me put on my new clothing, which Jason had called his driver to arra 
Ihad a little difficulty getting dressed. But thankfully, it did not take long time. 
Jason returned to my cabin to take me with him. He put one hand around my shoulder and took hold of my hand with the other. 
Everyone around us was looking at us. I ignored their looks. Their gaze reminded me of Adrian’s accusations. 
The more I thought about it, the more I felt pain in my heart. 
“Natalia!” 
I heard Adrian’s mother’s voice as I walked through the lobby area with Jason on our way to the main gate.
Our steps halted as we turned to her. 
“Mrs. Miller,” Jason greeted her. 
She nodded at him, then shifted her gaze to me. 
Her eyes widened as she noticed my bandaged head. She walked 
to me and pulled me into her embrace. 
“What happened to you, Natalia? I thought you left the pack last night.” 
I smiled at her sweet and soft tone. “I’m alright, Auntie. It’s just a little wound.” 
Jason was standing next to me while observing Grace Miller. I knew my brother really well. The way he was looking at Adrian’s mother so calmly, I could 
“Where are you going?” she asked me as she broke the hug and glanced at Jason. 
“I’m leaving the pack.” 
“But you don’t look good to me. Please stay a few days here and take some rest.” 
Jason raised an eyebrow upon hearing her request. Before he could say anything to her, I spoke out. 
“No, Auntie. Thanks for asking, but I can’t stay here anymore. I have to go back to the Blue Blood Pack.” 
She nodded at me with a defeated look. “Take care of yourself then.” 
“How is Alpha Lucas? I’ve heard that Natalia helped him with his health.” Jason asked. 
“Yeah, she came into our lives like a miracle. She helped us and saved my husband. He is under observation right now.” 
I paid attention to Auntie Grace when she talked about Alpha 
Lucas. I was pleased to help him. 
“We are getting late, Mrs. Miller. Nice to meet you,” Jaosn said to her, wrapping his arm around my shoulder once again. 
I smiled at Auntie Grace and took my leave. Jason did not give her enough time to ask anything else. 
“That loser and his family are a bad influence. If they hadn’t forced you to stay here, maybe you wouldn’t have to go through this accident,” Jason remark
“Brother, please. Uncle Lucas and Auntie Grace are both good people. They treat me like their daughter.” 
“Yeah, sure,” he said, sounding sarcastic. 
After getting inside the car and sitting beside me, he ordered his driver to start the car. 
I glanced at my bag, which I had left in my car last night. 
Jason followed my gaze and said, 
“They gave me your bag when I signed your discharge papers.” 
I unlocked my phone with my left hand. Almost immediately, I noticed a bunch of missed calls popping up on my phone’s 
screen. 
My parents, Jason, Eric, and my children–everyone had called 
1. me. 
Jason glanced at my phone. “Don’t worry. I informed everyone that I was bringing you back.” 
“What about Aria and Noah? Did you tell them about my accident?” 
“No.” 
“Thanks, brother.” 
He sighed, looking outside at the changing landscape. 
It took a long time to travel from the Crystal Blood Pack to the Blue Blood Pack. 
My eyes were closed as I leaned against the seat. We had long passed the Crystal Blood pack. It was already late at night. We were heading in the direc 
“How do you get out of the car?” I heard Jason. He did not ask about it the whole day, as though he did not want me to remember the accident again. noveldrama
I took a little time to reply. “Adrian came to my rescue.” 
Jason fell silent. It was like he was not pleased with my answer. However, it was the truth. I could not lie. 
After a while, he spoke out again. 
“Eric was worried about you. He wanted to come here when he heard about your accident. I stopped him.” 
I opened my eyes and mumbled, 
“He is a caring person.”
Jason turned to me and let out a lower tone. 
“He doesn’t care for anyone else as much as he cares for you.“
###
Chapter 68
Third POV
Adrian's mood was disastrous the whole day. He did not go back to the hospital after talking with Natalia.
He decided he would not care for that woman again. He hated himself for feeling the way he felt last night for her. "Alpha, we lost the deal. Some of our people betrayed us," his secretary said, blowing his head.
Adrian threw the file away in anger. He got to his feet, which startled his secretary.
His secretary moved backward while lowering his head.
"How did we lose the project? Who dared to betray me?" Adrian asked with a cold tone.
Stress was clearly visible on his face. Others would think that it was because of losing the project. However, the reason was something else.
"WHO?" he yelled.
His secretary almost fell to his knees. "Alphas from the east side wished to send their products to the Blue Blood Pack."
Adrian arched his brows. "What did you just say? Which pack?" he asked, gritting his teeth.
"B-Bue Blood Pack."
Adrian growled in outrage.
Hearing his growl, Beta Patric rushed to his office. The growl was loud enough to shake the whole floor in fear. Everyone learned that Alpha had lost his temper. No one would be able to save them from him.
"What happened?" Patric asked, looking at the file on the floor.
Patric could judge the situation in the office room. Adrian looked fiercer. His secretary was shaking in dread.
"What happened?" Patric asked, this time his question directed to Adrian's secretary.
The secretary told him what had happened. Patric's eyes widened while Adrian was fuming in anger.
"So that's why Alpha Jason came to my pack. I thought he..." Adrian muttered in anger.
Alpha Jason had distracted a few of his pack members, who were businessmen too, and convinced them to sign a contract with him. But Adrian thought of giving the contract to another pack.
Those people who crossed over his wish would definitely pay for it. However, he would not let Alpha Jason go.
Instead of getting angry at Jason for the business project, his blood was bailing for how he got closer to Natalia. The photos of both of them reflected in his mind, driving him crazy.
All of a sudden, he wanted to go to Natalia and scold her again.
He reached for his suit jacket, which was resting on the chair's hand rest, and made his way to the door.
"Where are you going?" Patric asked him.
"Pack hospital," he replied, leaving the office hurriedly.
The whole company was silent, as they were afraid that if they, by any chance, offended Alpha Adrian, their lives would be in danger in no time.
Adrian went to the hospital in a few minutes. It was close to his company. People started to bow to him when they recognized him.
He paid no attention to them as he walked directly to Natalia's cabin.
When he reached the cabin, he saw another woman lying on the bed.
He frowned at the woman and turned to the nurse.
The nurse bowed her head. "Alpha."
"Where is Natalia?"
The nurse did not raise her head. She mumbled with a shaky tone,
"If you are asking about the previous patient, she left the hospital at noon."
"What? Leave where?" he asked with a confused tone.
"I don't know, Alpha. Someone came and helped her with discharge papers, and then they left together."
Adrian left the cabin and went to Doctor Harold's chamber.
He opened the door with a thud and walked to Doctor Harold, who was busy working on some papers on the desk. Adrain grabbed his collar and made him stand up before Harold could let out anything.
"Alpha? What happened?" Harold asked with a shocked face. He could not understand how he made this mighty
man angry.
"Who came to discharge her?" Adrian asked without wasting his time. His jaw was clenched, and his fist was tightened around Harold's collar.
"Alpha, I don't know."
Adrian let go of his collar and moved his hand over his neck.
"Yeah, you don't know. But you two were exchanging flowers and all."
Harold looked away from him. "Alpha, you are misunderstanding us. We are just good friends."
"Friends? Okay, I got it. Now tell me. Where is she?"
"She left the pack."
Adrian's hand tightened around Harold's neck, which made him feel like he was losing his breath.
"Who gave you permission to let them leave the hospital?'
Harold closed his eyes, trying to take a deep breath.
"I am sorry, Alpha. But it is the rule that no one can stop a patient if someone close to them wants to take them
away."
"Who?"
"I don't know him."
Adrian tried to calm himself. He let go of Harold's neck and took a step backward.
"If I get to know that you were lying to me about anything, I will kill you."
After warning Doctor Harold, Adrian left the chamber.
Harold started to cough the moment Adrian left his chamber. He was trying to halt it until he left.
He grabbed a glass of water and chugged down the whole of it. Alpha Adrian was this close to killing him.
On the other hand,
Adrian wanted to leave the hospital right then. But when he entered the elevator, he thought of visiting his father.noveldrama
While walking to his father's cabin, he was busy thinking about whom Natalia left with. Harold and the nurse told him that someone had come to take her away. Who could it be? He did not even ask if it was a man or a woman. When he opened the door of his father's cabin, he found his mother sitting beside his unconscious father. The moment she turned to him, she was surprised.
"Adrian'
"How is he?" he asked, walking to the couch close to the bed.
He tried his best to subdue himself in front of his mother.
"His health is responding well."
Adrian nodded his head and glanced at his father.
His mother stared at him for a while, then asked,
"Why didn't you tell me about Natalia? She was in this hospital, and I didn't even know about it. It's good that I came across her today when she was leaving; otherwise, who would have informed me about her?"
Adrian's attention shifted to his mother. "You met her when she was leaving?"
"Yeah. She was with Alpha Jason. I was surprised to see Jason with her. But the way he was holding her, they seemed to have known each other for a very long time."
###Alpha 69
“Alpha Jason?” 
Adrian was shocked to hear that. Did that woman dare to leave his pack with that Alpha? 
“Yes, Alpha Jason. When I was Luna, I met his parents, Alpha Martin and Luna Jade, a few times. They are good people.” Grace said this to her son as 
Before Adrian could ask her about anything more, she started to talk again. 
“In fact, they were supposed to come to our pack many years ago. Your dad wanted an alliance with them. Even they agreed with that, too. But who know 
Adrian raised an eyebrow. “Are you saying that something happened or that they were so arrogant that they did not want to be here or that they seemed happy on the surface when in fact they did not want the alliance in the first place?” 
Grace shook her head in refusal. “No. Later, we came to know the truth.” 
Adrian furrowed his brows. “What truth?” 
“Their newborn daughter died.” 
His brows shot up. “They had a daughter?” 
“Yeah. There was a rumor that their newborn daughter died in an accident. People then stopped talking about her since it would only hurt the child’s pare 
Adrian was silently listening to her. He was not aware of this matter. 
“From then on, everyone’s eyes were on their son, Alpha Jason. They gave everything to their only child and raised him with love. They were afraid that they would lose him too. Bu 
Adrian stood up from the couch when his mother had finished talking. 
He said to his mother, 
“Mom, whatever happened to that family, I can show my 
condolences to them. But that doesn’t mean I need their son’s alliance.” 
‘Not after what I had seen in the footage,‘ Adrian thought in his head as he left his father’s cabin. 
His mind was stirred up. Why did Natalia leave with that Jason? Wasn’t it just a one–night thing? 
Thinking about her spending a night with another man caused him to lose his temperature again. 
He was thinking of smashing everything that came before his eyes at that time.noveldrama
He went to the reception area. Noticing him, everyone stood up from their chairs. 
“Alpha” 
They bowed their heads toward him. 
“Show me the discharge papers of Natalia Pierce.” He told them. 
“Natalia Pierce?” A woman mumbled as she tried to find it but failed to get any results. 
“There was no girl named Natalia Pierce admitted to our hospital, Alpha.” 
“Check carefully.” 
“Oh yes, it’s Natalia M–Miller…” The woman stuttered, then paused when she saw the surname of the patient. 
Adrian realized that when he brought Natalia to the hospital last night, he wrote Natalia’s name as Natalia Miller‘ when he signed the paper for her to sta 
He almost forgot that she was not a Miller anymore. She was no longer his wife. 
He clenched his jaw as he remembered how worried he was for that woman. She did not deserve his concern. 
“She was discharged from the hospital today. Here are the papers.” 
Adrian grabbed the papers and looked at the signature of the family of the patient. 
He scoffed at the signature. 
“Jason Hansley,” he muttered. 
He tossed the papers on the desk and left the hospital in anger. 
How could that Jason sign over her family’s place? Who was he to her? Husband? Boyfriend? Or a disloyal friend of her so–called fiance, Eric? 
Didn’t Eric announce his statement about being her fiance? Was he aware of what she was doing with his Alpha behind his back? 
When Adrian arrived at his apartment, he walked to the bar area 
3 
and opened up a bottle of wine. 
He was so angry that he could destroy anything, so wine was th only thing to suppress his wrath. 
While drinking, he was thinking about Natalia. He was in disbelief that the soft woman who used to roam around him t get his attention now turned out lik 
After a while, he heard knocks on the main door. He stood up an made his way to the door while holding his glass.
When he opened the door, Lynda appeared in his sight. 
Without getting his approval, she entered his house. She seeme to be really happy tonight. 
“Adrian, why are you drinking alone? Let’s have drinks togethe “Lynda said, strolling to the bar after placing her purse on th couch. 
She poured a glass of wine for herself and came to him. “Cheers.” 
After clicking her glass with his, she gulped the drink. 
Adrian stared at her, observing her carefully. Lynda used to be shy girl who did not know how to keep up in this high society. Bu now, she had even learn 
Lynda stepped backward while talking to him, keeping her eye connected with him. 
“Adrian, remember the day when we met? You said you had been searching for me. I did not know why you said so. But you said was the owner of your heart.” 
Adrian was listening to her as he recalled the day. 
“You said you were married, but you would divorce your wife for me. I was okay with it, too. As long as you love me, I can do anything for you. I even got 
“What do you want to say?” Adrian asked after chugging down his drink. 
“When will you marry me, Adrian? At least declare me as your Luna so that I can get your name attached to mine,” Lynda let out in a lower tone. 
Her heels twisted, but before she could fall to the floor, Adrian went to hold her. 
Her drink fell on the right side of her dress. She composed her balance as Adrian made her stand straight. 
She wiped the drink over the scar on her hand while looking at Adrian. 
“I have been with you for a long time. Just declare me your Luna already.” 
Saying that, Lynda wrapped her hands around his neck. 
Adrian’s eyes were on her scar. It reminded him of Natalia once again. 
He shook his head and removed Lynda’s hands from his neck. 
Lynda got mad at him and left the house, saying that he did not love her anymore. 
For some unknown reason, her words did not affect Adrian as much as Natalia’s words did. 
Although he wanted to give his name to Lynda, his heart was not agreeing to make her his Luna. 
###Alpha 70
Natalia’s POV 
My family was worried about the condition of my health. That was the reason why they remained by my side from the moment I returned to my pack to th 
My twins were scared when they saw my bandages. They had never seen their mother in so much pain before. 
As Harold said, it took me a whole week to get well. Passing that week was not easy for me. However, with the help of my family, I got back to my health 
“I can’t understand the reason behind your body’s sudden revelation of your scars. It seems that your wolf stopped covering it,” our pack’s old physician 
I came to meet him after I had recovered my health. My parents sent me to him, saying that he was our well–wisher. 
He was not any ordinary wolf but a hybrid who had wizard blood. He had every solution to any problem. 
“That means if her wolf wants, she can reveal every scar that her body has been hiding for years?” My brother, Jason, asked. 
Both of us came to meet the elderly gentleman. At that moment, we were seated on a mat made of black material, and the older man was seated in front 
“No, it’s not that fact. But I think the accident made her feel off- guard. We can say that it was a fear of death that shocked her to lose her strength.” The 
“Really? How did she get her strength back again?” Jason 
inquired. 
“The closeness of her mate. It can lessen her every fear.” 
After hearing that, I remembered how my wolf felt when she saw Adrian. She felt relieved that her mate had come to save her. 
Fate trapped me as if I were a rat chasing after cheese. The moment I went to Adrian’s pack, I found him as my mate. Why? Why did he have to be my m 
“She doesn’t have a mate. So it’s meaningless. Give her another solution to stay strong in every situation. She is a powerful lady. I don’t want her to go through any situation like that again.” 
The older man shook his head. “She has something that no one else has. She has a very special ability to hide her past and hunt for her future. When sh were a little boy. It’s a bond between you two siblings.” 
I turned my head to Jason, who was looking at the older man with a calm face. That man’s words reminded me of the day when Jason found me in the fo 
I held Jason’s hand. He glanced at my hand and patted over it with his other hand, indicating that he would do something about the scar on my right han 
“Do something with her hand’s scar,” Jason said to the old man.
The old man looked carefully at the scar and shook his head, which took me aback. 
“I am not a fortune teller who can tell your past or future. But 
+15 BONU 
with the ability I have, I can tell a little. It’s a crucial scar for you to remind you of your past again and again. It was invisible all these years, but you could you had done in the past.” 
Jason frowned at the old man. He did not like his words. “Do you mean that she had committed some sin, and because of that, she would have to bear t 
The old man chuckled at Jason’s question. “I can see that Alpha’s family is very protective about their lost princess. But fate has its own plan, Alpha. Som 
“Stop beating around the bash, Qdir.” Jason alerted him, sounding a little annoyed, as though he could not understand what he was trying to convey. 
“Alpha, your sister understood my words. She can give you the answer,” the old man said to him with a polite smile. 
I told Jason that we should leave the house because I was not feeling okay there. I was feeling strange, as though the air in the house did not form well w 
When we left the house, Jason helped me sit in his car, and then he got inside. 
“What did he mean by all those things?” he asked me. 
I was confused as well. So how could I reply to him? Why did that old man say to him that I understood it? 
Did he mean that I wanted to get rid of Adrian, but the mate bond came to me as my destiny? noveldrama
Everyone was unaware of the mate bond between me and Adrian. There was a reason why I was hiding it. If my parents learned about it, they would try 
I did not want to marry at that time. In fact, after falling in love, what I got in return scared me to think about any other man. 
I could not reply to Jason, and he did not force me either. 
As we arrived at our pack house after a silent ride, Jason told everything to our parents about what the old man, Qadir, said to 
1. us. 
Eric glanced at me to understand what was going on. I shook my head in response and did not say anything in explanation. 
“Natalia,” my dad said. 
“Yes, Dad?” I asked, looking at him. 
He was silent for a brief moment, then replied, 
“I think it’s time for the world to know who you are.
###Alpha 71
“But Dad, I-” 
I wanted to tell him that I was ready, but he cut me off and said, 
“It is the right time. Next week, you will take over the company and accept the position of CEO.” 
I could not cross over my dad’s words. If he said he wanted me to take over, I would have to. 
“Your dad is right. You have learned enough. You can learn more after sitting in that position, too,” my mom said to me. 
I nodded at them and turned to my brother. He smiled at me. 
He placed his hand on my head. “Everything will be okay. If anyone will dare to say something to my sister after that, I will pull their eyes out.” 
I assumed he was talking about Adrian. I wondered how Adrian would react when he learned the truth about my identity. I hoped he would regret all the a 
As days passed, I rejoined the company and began to work again. I had a really busy schedule the whole week. 
My babies wanted my time, but I could not give them proper time. I apologized to them because of that. 
As time ran by, the day when I would inherit the company came. 
This whole week, people heard about the new CEO. Today, they were going to meet her. 
While standing in front of the mirror, I examined my noveldrama
appearance. The dress I wore was a sleeveless one and was cream in color. On top of it, I put on a long black coat. After letting my hair down, I put on a 
To appear confident was important. I was unable to continue being the shy and weak Natalia. From then on, I would have to deal with the business world 
Woman. 
Two pairs of small hands held my hands and began to pull me. I lowered my head and found my twins smiling at me. 
“My babies.” I squatted down and pulled them into my embrace. 
I found it peaceful. They were my life. 
“Mommy, we have a surprise for you,” Aria said to me. 
I broke the hug and looked at Aria. “What surprise, baby?” 
“First, this is for you.” Noah took out a red rose from behind, which he was hiding from me. 
I stared at the rose for a while, then shifted my eyes to Noah. My eyes became blurry as tears crawled into my eyes.
When did my baby boy become so big? He was giving his mother a rose! How sweet of him. 
1. “Thank 
I accepted the rose from him and kissed his forehead. you.” 
I kissed Aria too, and I hugged both of them again. With my hand, I wiped the corner of my eyes. 
Suddenly, my eyes shifted to the door. I caught a glimpse of Eric. 
I understood who gave Noah the idea of giving me the rose. I smiled at him. He grinned at me and motioned for me to come. out of the room, then left. 
1 stood up and walked out of my room with my twins. When I reached the living room, I was surprised. 
Everyone was standing together. I saw a beautiful cake. I realized this was the surprise Aria was talking about. 
“Let’s go, Mommy. Cut the cake.” Aria pulled me towards the cake. 
My parents, Jason and Eric–everyone smiled at me. 
“What’s this?” I asked them. 
Jason handed me a knife and said, “A small celebration before you enter the company as a CEO.” 
I cut the cake and fed them pieces of the cake. I was over the moon. This small moment made me so glad that my mood cheered up thoroughly. 
I took my leave from everyone. My babies gave me a thumbs up when I was leaving the pack house with Eric. They did not know much about business since they were just little kids. But there was pride in their eyes as if they knew their mother would do som 
“Nervous?” Eric asked while driving the car. 
I nodded my head. “A little bit.” 
He reached into the glove compartment and pulled out the water bottle, which he then handed to me. 
“Drink some water.” 
I grabbed the bottle and chugged down almost half of the bottle. 
“Feeling good?” he asked. 
I nodded my head and turned my head towards him. “Thanks, Eric.”
“For what?” 
“For helping me with office work and giving the idea to Noah.” 
He glanced at me. “How do you know it was my idea?” 
“I know you, Eric.” 
His expression changed a little. He had a smile on his face as he asked, 
“Really?” 
“Yeah.” 
“But I don’t think so. I think you have a misconception that you know me.” 
I parted my lips at his statement. “Why did you say that? We have been friends for years. Why do you think I don’t know you?” 
He chuckled at my questions. He pulled the car into the entrance area of our company. I realized we had reached the company. 
He got out of the car and came to open the door for me. He extended his hand for me to hold. I accepted his hand and got out of the car. 
“I will tell you someday about it,” he replied to my questions, which I asked him in the 
, and then he started to walk while 
holding my hand. 
1 took a deep breath when I saw people around us begin to look at 
US 
It appeared as though Eric had already made the announcement that he would be coming with their new CEO, so they started to bow to me. 
Some employees who had noticed me before looked shocked. 
I even heard one of the women say, 
“Natalia is our new CEO? How is that even possible?”
###Alpha 72
Unexpectedly, on my very first day as CEO of the pack company, an accident occurred. 
As I was going to my new office room, I heard there was a meeting going on among the board of directors. 
“I can only stay beside you. But you yourself have to handle everything,” Eric reminded me. 
I nodded at him and decided to go to the meeting room directly. 
On my way to the meeting room, I listened to what people inside the meeting were discussing. 
I overheard them talking about how I was Alpha Martin’s illegitimate daughter and had just gotten back to take everything away from my brother, the actu 
As Eric opened the door of the meeting room, I walked in confidently. 
They were shocked to see me there. They glanced at Eric, who was glaring at them. In an instant, they got to their feet and bowed to him since he was the beta of this pack. 
“I overheard you all. My bad,” I said to them. 
My sassy tone made their eyes widen. Eric smirked as he nodded his head while looking down at the floor. He looked to be 
enjoying the scene, and my words sounded really well. 
“Sorry, Miss Natalia! Accept our apology. We didn’t say that out loud to be audible,” one of the board members said. 
It was obvious that they did not apologize for their words but only for their loud voices. 
I looked at the people who were looking at me eye–to–eye. 
I smiled at them and spoke out with a confident tone. 
“Hello, everyone. Let me introduce myself to you. I am your new CEO. But I am not an illegitimate daughter, to your dismay.” 
All the board members‘ eyes widened after hearing me. They might be thinking, How was it even possible? How could Alpha Martin get a legitimate daug 
They glanced at Eric, who nodded his head to ensure the truth. 
“He is Alpha Martin’s lost daughter. She didn’t die but only lost for some years. Now that she is back, we have to give her what she deserves. And for you 
Everyone bowed their heads in a hurry in front of me. 
“Accept our apology. We were naive. We dared to offend Alpha’s sister,” one of them spoke out. 
“We didn’t know that you were our lost princess. We never heard of your return. So we were unaware of your existence.” Another man said this while bow 
I felt good when I saw them bowing to me.
“It’s okay. If you are sorry, then work hard for me. I hope you all can help me run this company just like you used to help my dad.” 
They felt relieved by my calm tone. They raised their heads and nodded in response. 
Days started to pass, and news began to spread around the whole 
pack that Alpha’s daughter had returned to the pack. 
The pack members did not know me, but they began to talk about me and my appearance. There was a law that no one could use their phone to record 
In fact, right then, many people wanted to learn about me. Some of the Alphas from another pack wished to visit the pack just to meet me. But my brothe 
Though I was new in the business world, it took me a few months. to establish a good position. 
People started to praise me for my business skills. 
Those people who used to bow to me for being Alpha Martin’s daughter and Alpha Jason’s sister now begin to bow to me with all of their hearts for my w 
“Boss, are you saying we will go to the seaside now?” My secretary, Damia, asked, giving me a dumbfounded look. 
I made her my secretary after becoming the CEO. She was a sweet and supportive girl. 
“Yeah. I can’t put my trust in someone. I have tried before. But now I will have to inquire about everything myself.” 
I knew my pack had a sea at our back and had always been in the seafood business. 
So, I wanted to checko 
warehouse. 
the aquatic products in the company’s 
As we headed to the sea, we had to travel a long way. 
It was late afternoon when we reached the seaside. 
I went to the warehouse and found that there were actually of dead shrimp and fish, which made me mad. 
“Who is the person in charge?” I yelled in anger. 
The person came to me and bowed his head. He asked forgiveness for his careless action. 
I doubted that he was not an innocent man. I assumed he was with someone to put down my company. So, I downgraded from his position and put anot 
People said I developed a powerful aura. Under that aura, al staff were energized and changed their usual lazy style.
When I came out of the warehouse and made my way back to car, it was already evening. 
While following behind me, Damia’s eyes fell on the yard. 
“Boss, do you want to ride a yacht?” Damia asked while look at the yachts. 
I turned to look at the yachts. One of them caught my eye. It v decorated with flowers and candles as though it were ready fo newlywed couple. noveldrama
Something reflected in my mind as I kept staring at it. 
Memories washed over me as I remembered how Adrian’s parents prepared a yacht for us after our wedding. Since Adri refused to go on honeymoon, th 
“Boss, are you listening?” I heard Damia’s voice. 
I averted my gaze from the yacht as it reminded me of how Adrian abandoned his newlywed bride that night, leaving her alone on the yacht to spend the lonely night in the middle of the 
sea.
###Alpha 73
Adrian’s POV 
“Adrian, should we cancel the pack meeting?” Beta Patric asked 
1. me. 
I stared at the folder lying in front of me over the desk. 
It had been a few months since I was losing projects over the Blue Blood Pack. I had no idea what was wrong with my pack company. My employees ha hard work was going in vain. 
I won every project in the pack meetings, but when it was about competing against the Blue Blood Pack, my company lost it. 
There were rumors that a new CEO had taken over the Blue Blood Pack’s company. The CEO was a female and the lost daughter of Alpha Martin. 
He did not give the company to his son, Alpha Jason; instead, he handed it to his newly–found daughter, Jessica Martin. 
I could not believe that a woman grabbed all of my projects after coming in just a few months. I could not deny that she had the potential to work in the business world. 
However, it was like she was after my pack. She always chose the projects that I wanted to grab. 
Why? 
“Adrian,” Patric called out my name to gain my attention. 
I rubbed my forehead and gazed at him. “What?” 
“Did you hear me? Should we cancel the pack meeting?” 
I metout 
ative coming from the Blue Blood Pack?” 
He th?vik hie h?, tuul. No one is coming from that 
pack Silver Moon Park will go there to see their presentation, Just like they wanted to come here to view ours.” 
“Cancel it,” mattered 
Patric was quiet for a brief moment as if observing me for a while. 
“Are you okay?”
“Do you think I am okay? I just hate that pack’s people. First 
Eric, then that Alpha Jason, and now the new CEO. Such losers! They never dared to come here to face me but always snatched my projects behind my back.” 
Patric chuckled when he heard me. I frowned at him. 
“Do you think it’s funny?” 
Patric placed his hands on the desk and bent toward it. 
“Though you are my Alpha, we have been friends for a long time, Adrian. This project doesn’t matter to our pack since you developed it in such a high po 
His words spiked my heart, which I did not like. I looked away from him. 
“Go back to your work, Beta.” 
He laughed at my cold tone. “You can make anyone afraid of you, but not me,” he said, standing up straight and walking to the door. 
41 HONUS noveldrama
I saw him grab the doorknob, but something prevented him as he stopped and turned to me once again. 
“Stop thinking about her, Adrian. She is gone from your life. You yourself say you despise her. Then why do you keep thinking about her?” 
I tightened my fists in response. Just hearing about her made my blood boil in anger. 
She left my pack with that Blue Blood Pack’s Alpha. Who knew what she was doing with that man right now? 
There were some times when I wanted to look for her in that pack, but those photos and footage stopped me. I had not deleted those videos from my lap 
But my wolf turned out to be a traitor. He kept talking about her. 
Why could he not forget about Natalia? 
This was all happening because of this mate bond. Sometimes, I thought, if I had rejected her as my mate that day, would I still have thought of her ever 
Just thinking about rejecting her made my wolf growl inside. My heart trembled at the thought of it. I believed it was due to the connection of our bonded 
‘She must be trying to fix an Alpha to mark her since, without this way, she could not break an Alpha’s mate bond.‘ I thought while clenching my jaw. 
When Patric noticed that I was not replying to him and was lost in a train of thoughts, he left my office room. 
It was evening when I left my company and went to the pack house to visit my father. 
As I entered the pack house, I noticed Lynda sitting with my
parents. 
In the last few months, she had tried her best to impress my parents. I could say that she has succeeded in it. 
My mother’s and Lynda’s laughter faded away as they noticed. me. I walked to a couch and sat opposite my parents. Lynda was sitting with my mother, s 
1. me. 
I looked at my father, who looked calm. That Wolf Vine Cure really helped him. His wolf was healed by it, and now he was really fit. I could say that if a w 
“How is everything going on in the company?” My father asked 
1. me. 
“Good.” 
“I heard you lost a project again.” 
I narrowed my eyes and asked, “Did you set up a spy in my company?” 
He chuckled while shaking his head. “Don’t forget the company once run by me. Those people who had been working for me are still there.” 
I sighed and gave him a nod. “Yeah, I lost it. But soon, I will take away everything I lost from that Blue Blood Pack.” 
Lynda placed her hand over my hand and asked, 
“Blue Blood Pack? You mean Alpha Jason’s pack?” 
Her words reminded me of that day again. I did not know, but I could not forget that night– that accident, that feeling of losing her, and then her betrayal. I knew we were not together, and she was no longer my wife. Still, how could she sleep wi 
At that time, my phone began to ring. I pulled out my phone from my pocket and saw it was my gamma. 
I received the call and heard his voice. 
“Alpha, I got a call from the Blue Blood Pack’s gamma. He said Alpha Jason invited you to a grand party he is throwing for his sister this weekend. Alpha 
D
###Alpha 74
The whole week I spent thinking about whether to go to that party or not. 
I wanted to reject the invitation, but every time I thought about that pack, Natalia’s face was reflected in my mind. 
My father told me to go to that party. From my point of view, it was great news that Alpha Martin’s daughter was still alive and becoming successful, just 
For a moment, I also felt that I had to see the woman who was after my pack. I hated her brother, and I felt that her brother was the one who provoked h 
“What if we get to see her at that party?” My wolf asked me about Natalia. 
I scoffed at his question. Who would believe that such a powerful wolf was head over heels for his mate? He was a stupid wolf who always nudged me to look for Natalia. 
“Why do you like that woman so much? She is characterless. She doesn’t deserve you.” I reminded him while wearing a black coat over a white shirt. 
I was getting ready to go to the Blue Blood Pack. I wanted to go to the party with Patric, but my mother persuaded me to take Lynda with me. She said L 
I left my apartment and walked to my car. I noticed Patric sitting in the passenger seat next to my driver. 
When he saw me, he waved at me. I nodded at him. My driver rushed out of the car and opened the back door for me. I sat in the 
backseat and lit up a cigarette. My driver started the car and headed to Lynda’s house to pick her up. 
“I thought you would not agree to go there,” Patric murmured while looking at the road in front of him. 
“That’s what I thought too.” 
He turned his head to me and asked, 
“Then what changed your mind?” 
I had no answer to this question. What changed my mind? I also did not know the reason. 
The car reached the villa that I bought for Lynda. I saw her walking to my car. She seemed to be waiting outside for me. 
When she got in the backseat and sat beside me, she hugged my arm and asked, 
“How am I looking today?” 
I looked at her appearance. She was wearing a long, hot red dress that was sleeveless, showing her bare arms. I glanced at her scar and muttered, 
“Good.” noveldrama
My one word took her over the moon. She giggled seductively and whispered,
“I have to look good. After all, I am Alpha Adrian’s fiancee.” 
I ignored her last sentence and turned my head outside the window. 
The car started to move and headed to its destination. We had to depart from my pack early in the morning since it would take a 
long time to get there. 
It was evening by the time we reached the Blue Blood Pack. 
Lynda continued to study her reflection in the mirror she had taken out of her purse. She asked me if I could take her to a hotel. When I asked her the re 
I rolled my eyes, thinking that women really need a lot of time for make–up. 
I told my driver to take her to a five–star hotel and rent à room for her. 
After dropping Lynda off at the hotel, we headed to the hall where the party was taking place. 
As the car came to a stop at the entrance to the hall, I observed other luxury cars parked there. 
I recognized those cars. They were the other pack’s Alphas‘ cars. I noticed that many of the pack’s Alphas had gathered here for the party. I was very aw 
My driver opened the door for me and bowed his head. 
I got out of the car and looked at the exterior decoration of the hall. 
Patric stood next to me and turned his head toward me. 
‘Alpha, let’s go,” he said, gesturing his hand toward the door. 
It was like he got back to his beta’s role. 
When I entered the hall, everyone became silent as their heads turned in my direction. 
I guessed that they did not expect me to come to this party. 
“Alpha Adrian is here!” 
People started to talk about me after a while. I paid no attention. to them and walked inside. 
My eyes wandered around the hall as it scrutinized the guests of the party. I could see other Alphas who looked scared after seeing me, as if I would go 
It was true that in the last few years, I had won many packs in the war. But that did not mean I would attack them in another pack by striking out the law. 
The Blue Blood Pack’s delta approached me with a gentle smile and said, 
“Alpha Adrian, it’s nice to see you here. Please enjoy the party. Alpha Jason will join the party soon.”
I nodded at him. He walked to another Alpha to inform it. 
I was looking for Alpha Martin to congratulate him on getting back his daughter. In fact, I was surprised to learn that she had never actually died but had instead been lost as a child. 
All of a sudden, my wolf started to howl inside. Before I could comprehend anything, my gaze was drawn to a woman dressed in a black backless gown. 
She looked stunning, as if no other woman could match her beauty. Her red lips and porcelain skin tone added color to her black appearance. 
?19 BONUS. 
I couldn’t take my gaze away from her since just seeing her made my heart race. 
No matter how much anger I was holding against her, I was completely lost in the beauty that seemed to have blossomed even more in a few months. 
Patric’s voice reached my ears as I fixed my eyes on the woman. 
“Natalia!” 
D
###Alpha 75
“She is also here!” Patric said, looking at Natalia. 
I could not pay attention to his words as my eyes were on Natalia. 
I saw her talking with a young woman who was standing next to her. 
A few men walked to Natalia and shook hands with her. I did not like how they were looking at her. But she looked cold towards them as if she were the 
“Oh, yes. How can I forget Beta Eric? Natalia is his fiancee. That’s why she is here.” 
I heard Patric murmur. My gaze immediately shifted to the man who was walking toward Natalia. 
“Beta Eric,” I muttered under my breath. 
My gaze was fixed on him. He approached Natalia, and they exchanged smiles with each other. She was not this soft with other men a few minutes ago 
“Adrian,” 
I heard someone call out my name loudly, which grabbed everyone’s attention at the party. 
I turned my head in the direction from which that voice was coming. I saw Lynda waving at me. 
She had a bright smile on her face as she walked toward me. 
It seemed like she had changed her clothes. Her dress was red, but more fitting than before. Her one hand was full– sleeve, and the other was sleeveless. 
I stared at her until she came to me. People glanced at her to know who she was. 
Lynda locked her arm with mine and grinned at me. 
“I am back,” she said to me. 
As she turned her head to Patric, she asked, “What did I miss?” 
Patric glanced at me and shook his head, then walked to the bar area, leaving me alone with Lynda. 
Lynda looked at me and inquired, “Why didn’t he answer?” 
I lifted my hand to remove hers from mine, but her eyes fell on Natalia. She was looking at me. 
The hand that I lifted to remove, placed over Lynda’s hand and patted it. 
I averted my eyes from Natalia and looked at Lynda, then smiled at her softly. “Nothing happened. It’s such a boring party.”
Lynda’s eyes filled with light when she found my hand over hers. She moved close to me and whispered in my ear, 
“Then I will make the night pleasurable after the party.” 
It was like whether I lost my desires or Lynda was a really needy woman. She always spoke like this, and I had to push her away from me. I was not like th 
Everyone turned silent once again. I frowned to see who entered the party to stop them from what they were doing. 
Alpha Jason had entered the party. Everyone in his pack bowed to him since he was the head Alpha of this pack. 
I must say, he had a dominant aura that could shake anyone but me. I knew about his fighting skills in the war. He was the best Alpha for the Blue Blood 
With him, his parents also stepped into the party. Everyone bowed to their former Alpha and fauna. 
The elderly pair caught my attention. They still appeared to be capable of attending any pack parties with a courteous 
demeanor, despite the fact that it had been a few years since they had stepped down from their positions. 
I wondered why they never came to our pack for a deal. My parents were not that bad to others. In fact, what I learned from them was that they really like 
Alpha Martin and his wife went to a few former royal couples. who seemed to be their friends. 
Meanwhile, Alpha Jason walked to Eric. 
Eric hugged him and left from Natalia’s side. My brows arched when I saw Natalia hug Alpha Jason. 
That man kissed her head and said something to her. She giggled as if he were giving her a compliment. 
I stared at her with a clenched jaw. 
How dare that man kiss her head? How could she laugh with that man like that? 
I felt Lynda’s arm loosen from mine. I glanced at her and found her shocked. She was also looking in Natalia’s direction. 
Lynda cleared her throat when she found me looking at her. 
“I think Alpha Jason likes her. Maybe Eric gave that statement on social media to protect his Alpha’s girlfriend.” 
I frowned at her after hearing her. She then said immediately, 
“I am not saying these. I forgot to tell you. That night, my friend heard their conversations. They were talking about spending the night with each other.” 
Hearing her, my blood began to boil. I snatched my hand away from her. 
My sudden action left Lynda speechless.
“Don’t follow me.” 
I said to her as if she were the reason for 
my sudden 
anger. 
I headed to the bar area where Patric was drinking while observing everyone. noveldrama
“What happened?” Patric asked me. 
I ordered a drink for myself and turned to look at Natalia once again. 
“Do something, Patric. This woman is driving my mind crazy.” “It’s your fault. You wanted to make her your Luna. Now take it.” Patric laughed as he thought I was talking about Lynda. 
The bartender placed my drink on the bar counter. I grabbed it and chugged it down in one go. 
“Bro, calm down. We are not in our pack.” Patric alerted me. 
Ignored him and continued to focus on Natalia. She was talking with another man. 
That man gestured for her to come over to the bar area where I was drinking. 
Her eyes briefly met mine, but she quickly diverted them and began to make her way toward my direction with that man. 
She stood a few inches away from me. I shut my eyes as her scent touched my nostrils. It awakened my inner beast once again. 
“What would you like to have?” The man asked Natalia. 
I scoffed at her when I heard her say that she did not like to drink. She turned to me and asked, 
“Excuse me? Do you have any problems?” She asked as if she did not know me. 
I glared at her and pointed my head at the man who was standing beside her. 
“Is he your new target?” 
The man’s eyes widened as if I offended him. He was about to say something, but Natalia lifted her hand to stop him and said to him, 
“Leave.” 
When the man left the bar area, Natalia looked at me and asked, “So what were you saying?” 
+ 
###Alpha 76
Natalia’s POV 
I was talking with one of my board members when Adrian scoffed after hearing my reply. The man beside me wanted to tell him something, but I stoppe 
I then turned to Adrian and looked at him. 
“So what were you saying?” I asked him. 
I was surprised that this man came to my brother’s party. I did not expect him to come. He was so arrogant that he only attended the meetings of the cou 
Adrian placed the glass on the bar counter loudly, which could flinch anyone but me. 
I stared into his eyes. They were full of hatred for me, which I wanted to enjoy. 
“That was your new target, wasn’t it?” 
I raised my brows and asked, 
“What?” 
“At first Eric, then his Alpha Jason, now that man. How many ladders did you have to climb to reach this far?” 
His question astounded me. But I did not get angry at him. 
Instead of giving him a mad reply, I smiled at him mockingly and turned to look in Lynda’s direction. 
She was talking with some women who looked like they were 
from royal families. I was sure that she was telling them about her and Adrian’s relationship. 
“I think you have some problems in your personal life, that is why you can’t focus on yours and think about others more.” 
I turned my attention back to Adrian. He frowned at me as if he did not like my remarks. His jaw was tightly clenched as though he were controlling himself. 
What would be do to me? Charge at me? 
Someone cleared his throat. That time, I realized that Beta Patric was also there. He waved at me and said, 
“Don’t mind my Alpha. He is just 
Adrian cut him off with a glare. 
I shrugged my shoulders and replied to him, 
“Nice to meet you again, Beta Patric
After saying that, I left the bar area. 
I shook my head as I thought about how Adrian would react when he got to know about my identity. 
Though I was happy that he would be shocked tonight, his words hurt me again 
I could be heartless against him, but not my wolf. She still wanted this man. 
Even if I wanted to, I could not reject him because he was an Alpha Rejecting an alpha male was not in any she wolf’s hands Only getting a mark from another wolf would work for me to break the unwanted bond 
However, I was not ready to be with anyone right now. 
Boss, Nosh and Aria are calling me 
approached me. 
“What did they say?” 
“They want to join the party.” 
“” Damia said as she 
1 lowered my head sadly. I also wanted to tell the whole world that they were my children. But right then, I had no choice but to hide them from other Alp 
This party was only for revealing my identity. If they learned about my babies, they would definitely ask me about their father. I could not give them any a husband. Because of this, even if they guessed that they were the children of my ex– husband, Adrian would still be opposed to it and would give my children an insulting title. 
“Tell them that I will return to the pack house soon.” 
“Yes, boss.” 
Damia strode to a corner and called my children. She told them what I said to her. 
After talking with them, she returned to me. 
“They said you would have to make it up for them.” 
“Make it up? How?” 
“They said you have to give your time to them tomorrow.” 
I chuckled as I thought of Noah’s and Aria’s angry faces when they said that. My babies were cute. They wanted my time. It was 
my fault that I was su buay in my professional life that I could not give my time to them. 
“Okay, I will go out with them somewhere tomorrow,” I said to Damia, who nodded her head with a mulle.
At that time, I heard my brother’s volce. 
Everyone started to gather close to the stage as he spoke out on the microphone, 
“Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming here. Though f was the one who arranged the party, I am not the one who will announce anything, but jny d 
Everyone started to clap for my father. When Jason handed him the microphone, he patted on the nie. 
“It had been a while since I anngimeed something. Last time, I gathered you all to hand my pack to my son, Jason. But today, the matter is different.” My 
My mother walked to him and hell his hand. My father spoke out once again. 
“As you have heard, my daughter was not dead but lost. We kept that news hidden from other people for all of these years so that no one could hurt her, 
My parents looked at me. I nodded at them with a smile. 
“Today, I will Introduce you all to our daughter, Jessica Martin.” 
I 
My father extended his hand and said, “Come here, my child.” 
Everyone turned their heads in my direction. I made my way to the stage with a slight smile on my face. 
When I held my father’s hand and stood between my parents, everyone started to clap for me. noveldrama
“Here is my daughter, Jessica, but I would like for you all to refer to her as Natalia Martin. My daughter likes that name, so I changed it for her.” 
My pack members began to cheer for me. All the other packs‘ Alphas stared at me. A look of amazement could be seen in their eyes and that did not go 
###Alpha 77
Addian’s POV 
When everyone was congregating near the stage, Patric asked me to go there. When I was on my way there, Lynda came up to me, and we headed there together. noveldrama
Since it was time for the announcement, people were excited to see the Blue Blood Pack’s princess. 
I almost forgot about her because my mind was on Natalia. I shook her thoughts away from my mind and tried to focus on the stage. 
However, when Alpha Martin called her daughter on the stage, my mind completely shook. 
I narrowed my eyes while looking at the stage. How could that even be possible? 
Was I dreaming? Was I hallucinating Natalia in another woman’s place? 
I looked away from her and shook my head. I thought I drank a lot; that was why I was still thinking about Natalia. 
But when Alpha Martin spoke out again, my heart froze. 
“Here is my daughter, Jessica, but I would like for you all to refer to her as Natalia Martin. My daughter likes that name, so I changed it for her.” 
I slowly turned my head to the stage once again. My eyes fell on Natalia. 
She was smiling at everyone while standing between Alpha Martin and his wife, Jade Martin. 
How could she turn out to be the daughter of an Alpha? Not even an ordinary Alpha, but the former head Alpha of the Blue Blood Pack! 
“Impossible!” 
I heard an angry murmur coming from my left side. I recognized the voice. It was Lynda who spoke out in a lower tone. But I could not move my eyes fro 
I saw her biological parents hugging her. Everyone clapped for them. 
When Alpha Jason moved to them and stood next to Natalia, my eyes widened. 
I realized what I had just done. 
‘I accused her about her own brother! Fuck!‘ I cursed myself in my head. 
“I think something is wrong. How can she be from a royal family? She doesn’t loo-” 
I turned my head to the left side. My glare interrupted Lynda. Her eyes widened, and she looked away from me. 
“You are the one who gave me those photos,” I said in anger.
“Ad–Adrian, I didn’t know this.” 
“Didn’t you say your friend heard their conversation about spending the night together?” 
“I–I…” Lynda paused and lowered her head. I wanted to growl at her in anger, but Patric held my hand and pulled me to a corner. 
Enverar in watching you. What are you dong“” Fatric asked 
1. gimeri ?t c?ten and saw a few Alphas Bocking in my direction 
1 tightmed may fists as wrath engulfed me. 
“I know it’s surprising to you. I am also shocked. I never thought she was a head Alpha’s daughter. The Bine Blood Pack is not ever a small pack. It’s our 
I gave him a stem look. His brows shot up. 
What? Are you regretting that you divorced an Alpha’s daughter?” 
I frowned at him. “Do you really think I care about her family’s status?” 
“Then what makes you so mad?” 
I glanced at Natalia. She was talking with some Alphas as her brother, Alpha Jason, introduced her to them. 
“She helped my dad with the cure, and I misunderstood her.” 
Patric was quiet for some time, as he thought it was better for him to shut his mouth right now. 
However, he broke the silence after a while as he whispered to me, 
“Everything is Lynda’s fault.” 
I shifted my attention from Natalia and searched for Lynda. She was nowhere to be seen. 
I felt bad that I talked to her angrily at that time. She was innocent in this matter. 
“It’s all her friend’s fault. Find out which of her friends followed Natalia that night.” 
“You have to ask her about it.” 
“I have all the footage. Check on it. Find out who was present at that time. Find out their identities.” 
“Okay,” Patric replied, dialing a number to find out about it. 
I tried to calm myself and walked over to the Alphas, who were talking with Natalia. 
Looking at me, Alpha Jason arched his brows. Regardless of his inner sentiment, in front of other Alphas, he composed himself and greeted me.
“Alpha Adrian.” 
The other Alphas looked stunned as they turned to me. They stepped aside and gave me some space to stand beside them. 
“Nice to see you, Alpha Adrian.” One of the Alphas said. Others bowed to me. 
I could not help but sneer. There were some Alphas who ruled their own packs, and the members of those packs were obligated to bow down to them wi 
I gave them a nod and looked at Alpha Jason, who stood straight and proudly, not caring to bow since he already had one 
largest packs under him. 
“Alpha Jason,” I greeted him in return. My gaze slowly shifted beside him. Natalia was standing there. 
She was looking at me. Her gaze was scrutinizing me as if she wanted to learn my reaction. I did not show her what she wanted to see. 
I smiled at her and extended my hand toward her. 
“I see. You are the lost princess of this pack, Jessica Martin.” 
She glanced at my hand. Before she could react, his brother shook his hand with me and did not let his sister do it. 
My attention moved to him. I could see anger in his eyes. 
“Alpha Adrian, I am pleased to see you here. But I am protective of my sister.” Saying that, he let go of my hand. 
“You mean overprotective?” I muttered. 
He chuckled and let out his rude words in a warning tone. 
“In truth, she has to go through a lot for someone who doesn’t deserve her. I always wondered how he would confront me. But then, I thought no one cou 
D
###Alpha 78
Natalia’s POV 
I saw my brother warn Adrian. He was staring at Jason with an indifferent face. noveldrama
My brother was right. He was a shameless man. He still had the audacity to come in front of me and my brother after learning the truth. 
It was his fortune that I did not say much to my brother about his nonsense accusations. Otherwise, my brother would have attacked him at this party. 
Jason and Adrian were staring at each other as if they had been enemies for years. I glanced at other Alphas. Some of them look frightened by the two A 
I shook my head and held Jason’s arm. 
“Brother, I think Dad is calling us. Let’s go there.” 
Jason understood what I was trying to do. He nodded his head as he also did not want to create a scene in front of others. 
Nevertheless, his eyes shone with a blaze of vengeance toward Adrian. 
I was afraid that Adrian would bring up my children in the conversation in front of others. I thought Adrian would say something in return to Jason. 
But to my surprise, he was calm. It was evident that he looked insulted. However, he did not let out a single word and let us leave from his side. 
“That bastard! Did you see his arrogance? How dare he come over to us and stand so proudly? My brother growled while we made our way to our fathe 
I rubbed his arm. “Control yourself, brother. He was always like this. But I am happy that he got to know the truth.” 
He stopped his steps and turned to me. He patted my head and assured me. 
“Your brother will kill him if he dares to do something to you again.” 
I gave him a nod. We went to our parents‘ side. My mother held my hand and tugged me to another side. 
“Are you okay?” she asked me with an anxious look. 
“Mom, I am fine.” 
She glanced at Adrian and said, 
“Why did he go to you and Jason? What did that man say?” 
“Mom, relax. He can’t do anything to me. You all are with me. 
11
My mother let out a deep breath. Being a mother, she was really worried for her daughter. She had seen how her daughter wailed for that cruel man. The cries and sobs of her daughter during her pregnancy did not go unseen by her. She was afraid that Adrian would hurt her daughter again. I could feel her fear and pain. 
I hugged her for a long time. “Mom, are you happy? You always wanted to tell others about me. Everyone now knows about my identity.” 
She broke the hug and cupped 
+15 BOWERS 
“Of course, I am happy, my baby. For a mother, nothing beats the Joy of claiming her children as her own.” 
Following a lengthy conversation with my mother, I then had a conversation with my father. Eric approached me and asked me to have a chat with my babies. I told him not to worry. He was a the impression that he would be a caring father one day, when he would get married and have his own children. 
I turned my heels in another direction and made my way to the terrace. I thought about going to a silent place and talking to my twins. 
When I went to the terrace, I was greeted by a beautiful moon that was shining its light on the entire globe. 
I smiled while looking at it and dialed William’s number. 
Just as the call connected, Aria’s voice reached my ear. 
“Mommy, we are angry with you. You don’t care for us.” 
I was surprised by her upset tone. “What happened, baby? Didn’t Aunt Damia tell you that I would give you all of my time tomorrow?” 
“Mommy, why are you so busy? We are both alone in the house. We do not like it. Grandpa and Grandma are also not here.” 
I bit my bottom lip. I felt sad that I could not call them here. Their mother was a helpless woman. I could not take them out as my children to the whole wo 
“Baby, Mommy is sorry. Please wait for an hour. Have you had your dinner yet?” 
“Tell Mommy, we don’t want to eat,” Noah said from beside Aria 
“I am sorry, babies. I promise we will go out tomorrow. Tell me where you want to go. Mommy will take you there.” 
“Nowhere. We don’t want to go anywhere,” Noah replied angrily 
I was quiet after hearing him. I was not a good mother. My babies were mad at me. 
My wolf began to whine. I assumed she was also feeling my emotions. 
“Mommy, we are sorry. Are you mad at us?” Aria spoke out in a lower tone. 
They misunderstood my silence. They thought I was mad at them. 
“No, babies. Mommy loves you both. How can she get mad at you? You both are her life.”
“Okay, Mommy. Let’s go to the park close to our school. My friends always go there with their parents.” Aria requested. 
“Okay, we will go there.” I replied with a happy tone. 
I was glad to ease their anger. I instructed them to have dinner and sleep. They listened to me and said they would do what I told them. 
After talking to them, I let out a breath of relief. 
I decided to go back to the party since I had been here for quite some time. 
As I turned to leave, I was stunned. My body froze when I saw Adrian leaning against a wall. 
I realized he had been standing behind me for a long time; that was the reason why my wolf was whining a few minutes ago. 
He was silent, but I could see his eyes were not calm. I looked away from him and tried to leave the terrace. 
Just as I was about to step out, he grabbed my hand and pulled me toward him. 
My body pressed against his, and I looked at him with wide eyes. “Why didn’t you tell me that he’s your brother?”
###Alpha 79
His question made me scowl at him. When he saw I was not responding to him, he asked, 
“Why did yo-” 
“Because you don’t deserve to know.” I cut him off and replied to him coldly. 
After hearing my reply, he was silent for a brief moment. 
“What happened, Alpha Adrian? Your mouth always runs so fast. But why are you so quiet today? Perhaps a cat caught your tongue. 
I mocked him exactly the same way he used to mock me. 
I looked into his eyes. I could not see the hatred he always tried to show me. Rather than being hostile, there was stillness inside them. 
“Shocked that I am actually an Alpha’s daughter?” I asked sarcastically. 
He nodded his head and muttered, “Very.” 
I snatched my hand away from him and withdrew a step. 
“Since you know who I am, I hope you will not bother me again. 
I wanted to go back to the party, so I stepped aside to leave. 
However, Adrian once again grabbed my hand, but this time, instead of drawing the closer, he turned around and pressed me against the wall that he had been leaning back against all this 
time. 
FIN ROHUR 
“What are you doing, Adrian?” 
“Knowing that my accusations were false, why did you lle to me? Maybe I wouldn’t have said those things to you If you had told me the truth that day.” 
Not wanting to talk to him, I tried to push him. But all the while, his eyes were on me. As if he were stone, he did not move a little. “You are a scumbag. Leave me.” 
“You can call me names, I am giving you the rights. But you can’t leave without finishing talking with me.” 
I stopped struggling and raised my head to look at him. 
“Tell me how many things you keep hidden from me.” With a serious expression on his face, he inquired. 
“Even if I hide something from you, it’s because you don’t have the right to know about it.” I retorted at him.
His eyes began to scan my face. I averted my gaze from him because I felt like my wolf wanted him closer. 
He leaned his head lower to my level. I immediately tried to turn my head aside, but it made his chiseled nose rub against mine. 
A reflection of my past, in which had yearned for his closeness, came to my mind. I closed my eyes, remembering the misery he caused me. 
“A man like you can’t be changed. You never left a chance to insult me.” I muttered with anger. 
He exhaled as if he felt something. He let out a lower tone. 
“I am sorry.” 
+1! 
I froze upon hearing him. I slowly turned my head to face hin realized our faces were very close to each other. 
His breath touched my face. The cologne that I had missed so much after leaving him filled my nostrils. 
But all of them could not mend my heart. I looked at him indifferently. noveldrama
“Sorry for what?” 
He moved his gaze away from me and replied, 
“I should not have accused you like that. But you also should have told me the truth.” 
I scoffed at him. “Didn’t I tell you that you were misunderstanding me?” 
Adrian remembered my words and what I had told him that day His eyes widened, but in a second, he covered his expression and shut his eyes tightly. 
For the first time, I saw him feeling guilty. 
I believed he was guilty because now he knew my family status. He did not want to create a bad relationship with my family. 
“You don’t have to worry about my family. I am a professional woman. I won’t show my anger towards your pack.” 
Adrian let out a chuckle. It astounded me. He looked into my eyes and asked, 
“Do you think Alpha Adrian needs to be in anyone’s good books?” I smirked at him and replied, “Didn’t I break your *** snatching a few projects from 
heart to say that? Keep your focus on your work, Alp Who knows when I change my mind and my target w from your company to your pack? 
In the last few months, I have won every deal against Though I did not want any war against his pack, I wante make him feel defeated in front of me. 
Adrian clenched his jaw. I almost laughed out loud. This 1 could never feel regret for anything. Lagain misunderstc His usual look returned to his face. 
“What was your brother saying? I don’t deserve you? Wh do to you? Does he not know about her sister’s dirty secret: My smirk faded away the moment 
“His sister cheated on the marriage and got pregnant with another man’s babies. Oh wait, isn’t the man his best friend.
I clutched my dress to control my anger. “Yeah, you are right his best friend. I slept with his best friend when I was stil-” 
“NATALIA” 
His yell prevented me from speaking as he grabbed my neck.. eyes turned red as if his wolf had taken over him. 
Seeing his eyes, my wolf growled inside me. I did not want her take control over me. So I shut her inside and stared into his re eyes.. 
He never cared to show me his wolf; therefore, I had never seer him. 
“Since I used to be a wolfless woman, you thought of me as useless. I will never forget those days, Adrian Mill 
His hand loosened around my neck, but he did not remove it. He closed his eyes to control the wolf inside him. 
When he opened his eyes, they were back to black. 
“I heard your parents accept Lynda as their future daughter–in- law. Why don’t you marry her and have your own children? Stop bothering me.” 
I grabbed his hand, which was still wrapping around my neck. I did not have to use much strength to move it away from my neck. 
He moved aside to allow me to leave. I glanced at him, and I found him lost in his own thoughts. 
left him there, leaving him alone under the moonlight. 
###Alpha 80
While I was making my way back to the party, I tried to look for my parents. I wanted to go back to the pack house. Because I had lost my appetite, I did not want to w 
If he wondered how I heard about his parents liking Lynda, it was because his mother called me a few months ago, after his father was back to full health, that I learned that his parents started to like Lynda. To express her gratitude, his mother gave me a call. At that time, she informed me that they w 
I understood her thoughts. They only had one child. He was someone they did not want to lose. That is the reason why they were making an effort to be 
My eyes fell on my parents, who were talking with someone. I strode to them and realized that it was Lynda who was with them. 
“Your pack is very beautiful, and your pack members are kind too.” 
I overheard Lynda talking with them. 
“Yeah. Thanks a lot for your compliment. But I wish Crystal Blood Pack’s members were also kind like us,” I said and went to stand next to my mother. 
My parents looked at me in bewilderment. I assumed Lynda had not introduced herself to them yet. 
“Mom, Dad, she is Lynda from the Crystal Blood Pack. You know about her, right?” I reminded them. 
Their soft expressions darkened when they recognized who she 
C +15 BONUS noveldrama
was. They turned their heads toward Lynda. 
So you are Alpha Adrian’s girlfriend?” My father asked her. 
Lynda glanced at me and then turned her attention back to my Father. “Yeah, Uncle. It’s nice to meet you. Thanks for inviting us. 
“But we didn’t invite you,” my mother told her directly in the 
face. 
Lynda’s eyes widened. She felt humiliated. I smirked in my head. What did she think? My parents did not know about her 
wrongdoing? 
“A–Adrian asked me to accompany him,” she mumbled, putting on an innocent look. 
I rolled my eyes when I noticed her acting. “Of course. He asked you.” 
“It was her wish to come here.” 
We heard Adrian’s voice. When we turned our heads, we saw him coming toward us.
I ignored him and looked away. My mother held my hand tightly. She thought his presence would affect me. I patted her hand and smiled. 
“It’s okay, mom. Your daughter has become stronger.” 
She gave me a nod and drew serenity on her face. 
The moment Adrian&tood next to Lynda, my father looked at him with angry eyes. 
I noticed Beta Patric came to join us. He stood beside us and greeted my father first. 
“Alpha Martin, it’s been a long time.” 
Beta Patric shook his hand with my father. I remembered that he had been in Beta’s position for a very long time. 
“How is Alpha Lucas?” my father asked him. 
“He is fine right now. All thanks to your daughter.” 
Patric glanced at me. I gave him a nod. I had no grudges against him. Why would I behave inappropriately with him? 
“It’s nice to meet you, Alpha Martin,” Adrian said, extending his hand toward my father. 
However, my father did not accept his hand. The atmosphere turned cold. 
Adrian looked at me and withdrew his hand. 
“I used to think that Alpha Lucas had a very powerful son who would rule over so many packs one day. But I never thought you would turn out to be a foo 
Lynda looked at him with wide eyes, then turned to look at Adrian. 
Adrian frowned upon hearing my father. I was terrified he might speak impolitely to my father. 
‘This man did not even care to insult his father; will he care 
– 
about mine?‘ 
“Dad, let’s no- 
“You neglected a gem and ran after a stone. Don’t you know, all the glitter is not gold?” 
My father interrupted me, but his words froze me. I lowered my 
+15 BONU
head as I did not want anyone to talk about these things again. But they were my parents. They had bitterness in their hearts toward the man who hurt m 
Lynda started to cough as if she choked on her own breath. 
She strolled to a corner and grabbed a glass of water from a waiter. She did not try to come to our side later. I realized that she just wanted to escape fro 
Meanwhile, Adrian was looking at my father. He did not utter a word. 
I wondered what was going on in his mind. 
“I know what you are talking about. But it’s all their past.” Patric tried to ease the situation. 
Beta 
My father nodded his head. “You are right. It’s all about the past. I am still alive now to look after my daughter’s future.” 
Adrian did not remain quiet anymore. He spoke out with a cold 
tone. 
“Don’t be concerned. I am not after your daughter. You can happily look after her future without any worry.” 
After making that statement, Adrian retreated, tucked his hands into his pockets, and then turned around to head straight toward 
the entrance. 
Patric looked stunned. He gave my father a slight nod and proceeded to follow his Alpha. 
When Lynda became aware that Adrian was leaving, she did waste any time and followed him down the path. All 
in the hall witnessed Alpha Adrian leaving 
having dinner with the head Alph 
+1 
something had offended that mighty man. 
My father turned to my side and hugged me. “I wanted to make sure he didn’t cross your way again. He will leave our pack tonight, and your lives will be apart forever.” 
My mother rubbed my shoulder with a smile. 
“My darling, life is like a book. There are many chapters in life, and when one ends, another begins.” 
###
Adrian's POV
After leaving the party in a bad mood, I got into my car.
"Start the car,' I ordered my driver right away.
Without wasting a second, he started the car.
My phone began to ring. I glanced at my phone and noticed Patric calling me.
I ignored his call and looked outside the window. I was trying to calm myself.
How dare her father and brother keep warning me? What about their daughter's debauchery?' I thought as I tightened my fists.
That time on the terrace when Natalia told me to marry Lynda, I was stunned. That woman did not care about it at all.
How easily she was talking about it as if I were a stranger to her!
Then why did I get mad when I saw her without a man?
Why did I even care?
I decided not to care about her anymore. That woman should live her life with her children and their father.
My phone continued to ring. It stopped and then again began to ring. I saw it was Lynda.
I switched off my phone in anger. I did not want to talk to anyone right now.
*Alpha, where to go?" My driver asked me.
"Go wherever you want," I muttered in anger.
Natalia's face came to mind as I remembered that moment when she was saying that she was useless to me. Didn't I call her that because she was the one who trapped me in a marriage?
I ran my fingers into my hair in distress.
From the beginning, this woman was plotting against me. First, she married me. Then she pretended to be in love with me. When she could not control her desire, she went to warm someone else's bed. After that, she divorced me and ran away with her children. Now her family is behaving like I was the one who was hurting her?'
I shut my eyes as I could not stop feeling restless. I had no idea what was happening to me. But I was not feeling good at all.
No one had ever made me feel like that.
I glared at my driver when his phone started to ring. He gulped, glancing at me through the rear mirror, and pulled out his phone to cut the call.
However, when he saw who had called him, he spoke out.
'It's beta Patric."
I wanted to tell him to hang up, but he received the call before I could say anything.
'Beta Patric? Yes, Alpha is with me."
My driver stopped the car at a corner of the road and turned his head toward me. He gave me his phone and said, 'Alpha, Beta Patric wants to talk to you."
I gazed at him without holding the phone. He was frightened by my gaze and realized that he should not have received the call.
He was about to tell it to Patric, but I snatched his phone and cut the call.
*Restart the car and focus on the road, not on your phone."
He nodded his head and started the car again.
I saw Patric calling my driver's phone again. I received the call and asked,
"What?"
"Adrian, where are you? Are you okay?"
"How old am I? Five?"
"No. But you looked scary when you were leaving the party. You even left me and Lynda outside."
"Go back to the Crystal Blood Pack with her."
"Where are you? Won't you go with us?"
I glanced at the road and realized that my driver took my words very seriously. He was driving on the opposite side of the border as he wished.
'I'll be back soon."
Patric was silent for a moment, then replied,
'Take care of yourself. Don't mind the words of Alpha Martin. He is your ex-father-in-law. Of course, he was angry at you. I bet he also didn't like it when he heard that his daughters got a divorce from you."
I rolled my eyes. "I was not the one who signed it first. It was his daughter. She was not a saint. She has fucking children!"
My yell made my driver shake as the car moved to the side. I scowled at him, and he concentrated on the road.noveldrama
"Chill out, Adrian. Where are you? Tell me. I will be with you. I can't let you stay alone in this state. You are furious right now."
"Go back. I will return when I want."
I cut the call and threw it in the passenger seat next to the driver.
"Where are you going?" I asked my driver.
*A-Alpha, you said anywhere. So I thought you would like to stay at the hotel tonight."
"Hmm."
I leaned my head back against the seat and closed my eyes. All I wanted was to clear my mind.
I have nothing in my heart for that woman. Since she wants to move on, which she has already done, I won't bother her again. I thought.
When my driver brought me to the best hotel in the Blue Blood Pack, I rented a room.
Without my consent, my mind kept thinking about Natalia the whole night. She did not leave my head for a second.
The following day, I thought about returning my pack. After checking out of the hotel, I told my driver to head back to the Crystal Blood Pack.
My driver set the map and began to drive to the destination.
While I was using my phone, I found Natalia's pictures in the headline of the Blue Blood Pack's news.
I checked the news and found so many photos. Some of them were captured last night.
The black backless dress really highlighted her flawless body.
I looked away from my phone as I wanted to divert my mind from her.
Just as I looked outside the window, my eyes caught someone.
"STOP THE CAR."
My driver pressed the brake and stopped the car.
"What happened, Alpha?" he asked with a shocked tone.
I did not reply to him and got out of my car.
I rushed to the little girl, who was crying while standing in the middle of the road.
Many cars were passing her as she looked around with her innocent eyes. My anger reached such a point that I wanted to smash each and every vehicle.
Why didn't they stop their cars and help the girl?
As soon as I reached her, she looked at me with wide eyes and hugged my legs as if she were scared.
I lifted her into my arm and asked,
"Aria? What are you doing here?"
###Alpha 82
Aria hugged my neck tightly in fear. I crossed the road and went back to my car. 
My driver was shocked by my actions. 
I got inside the car as Aria was still in my arms. I could not believe how little she was. I was holding her in one arm. 
Aria did not make any movements. As she leaned her head against my shoulder, she was crying uncontrollably. 
I patted her back. I did not know what had happened to her or what she was doing in the middle of the road. 
“Alpha, who is this child?” my driver asked me. 
“Stop your fucking mouth. Can’t you see she’s crying?” I said while glaring at my driver. 
His eyes widened, and he shifted his gaze to the road. He did not. start the car since I had not ordered him yet. 
After a while, Aria moved her head from my shoulder and looked 
at me. 
As a result of her crying, I was able to observe that her eyes were puffy and that her nose was red. 
I put her in the next seat and asked, 
“Where is your mom?” 
She sobbed and replied, “I–I lost mommy.” 
“What? How?” 
Her eyes turned teary again. I told my driver to start the car as 
Aria began to tell me what had happened to her earlier. 
FLASHBACK 
Today, Aria and Noah went to the park close to their school. Their mother took them there. They spent a lot of time together. Aria was happy, too. When t 
Natalia instructed them to have a seat on a bench, and then she walked to the store to buy some ice cream. After some time had passed, Noah told her 
In the way of following him, Aria came to a stop when she 
noticed a kitten on the road leading out of the park. The moment she went to pet it, it began to run away from her. She chased it, but at that time, she rea 
Due to the fact that she was unfamiliar with the path, she began searching for her mother. She did not know which way he had come from.
She saw someone who looked like her mother. She tried to stop her, but she was not her mother. Aria started crying because she was lost and had no id 
When Adrian came to her, she found hope as if he were someone close to her. She hugged him out of fear that she might become lost once more. 
END OF THE FLASHBACK 
“If you get lost again, the first thing you should do is ask 
someone for a phone and then give your mom a quick call, okay? “I told Aria. 
Seeing her in tears was something that I did not like to see. She was a little child. How could Natalia be so careless? 
“Uncle, can you give me your phone?” 
I chuckled at her when I realized that she had applied my advice 
on me. 
“For informing your mom?” 
She nodded her head and wiped away the tears that rolled down her cheeks. 
She looked relaxed, as though she trusted me. I found it surprising how this girl was crying a while ago but is now calming down because of me. 
Why did she trust me? I was a stranger to her, wasn’t I? She should not trust just anyone. 
I wanted to advise her not to believe in anyone. But looking at her pale face, I could not say it. 
She could put her trust in me. I was not that bad, was I? 
“You don’t need my phone. I will inform your mom about you. Don’t be concerned.” 
I pulled out my phone and dialed Patric’s number. 
+16 DO 
“Are you not coming back?” Patric asked. 
“I’m with Natalia’s daughter right now.” 
“You what?” 
“I don’t like to repeat my words.” 
“What are you doing with her child? Don’t tell me you are trying to take revenge on Natalia for her family’s words.” 
I frowned when I heard him. Did he think like that of me? Would I hurt a child to take revenge on their mother?
“Inform her that Aria is with me.” 
“Oh, okay.” Patric said as he got what the actual matter was. 
“Tell me where you are so that I can inform her to take her daughter from you.” 
Something hit my mind as I smirked while looking outside. 
“That’s her duty to find out.” 
I cut the call and turned my head towards Aria. 
“Your mom will get to know that you are with me.” 
She gave me a smile after hearing me. “She won’t be worried now.” 
I was shocked by her sudden maturity. She was not thinking about herself but about her mother. 
I told my driver to stop close to an ice cream parlor since Aria wanted to eat ice cream before she got lost. 
I was about to tell my driver to get 
fell on Aria’s upset face. 
She was looking at a little girl who was holding a young man’s hand. It looked like a father brought her child there. 
“Do you want to go inside?” I asked her. 
She immediately turned her head away from the window and lowered her head while shaking it. 
I felt awkward because of her behavior. 
“Tell your dad to bring you here next time,” I said to her while looking away from her. 
I did not like to talk about Eric, but seeing this child’s upset face, I had to say it. 
She raised her head and asked, 
“My d–dad?” 
“What? Doesn’t your dad take you and your brother out with him? 
“I–I don’t have a d–dad.” 
I frowned at her. Did she not know about her biological father? But I heard that Eric even went to attend the parent’s meeting. “Isn’t Eric your dad?” 
She shook her head. “Everyone thinks that he is our dad. In fact, my friend’s parents also think that.” 
“What do you mean? Isn’t he your dad?” I asked with a desperate
tone. 
But the moment she replied, I 
“No, Eric is our uncle. My mommy said he’s not our dad.” 
? 
Twas at a loss to understand whether or not I should believe this little child’s words. It seemed to me that she was not aware of the truth. On the other h 
After heaving a sigh, I shook my head. “Didn’t Eric go to your parents‘ meeting?” 
As a response, she gave me a slight nod. “But that was because Mommy had an exam that day. Uncle Eric told her not to worry, and he then accompan 
“She had an exam? She is studying?” 
“Mommy has just finished her studies. Don’t you know that?” 
I was not aware of it. Did Natalia continue her studies? She had even completed her graduation? 
It was then that I recalled how she had given up her schooling in order to marry me. At that time, her adoptive father told me that she had decided not to 
While I was thinking about it, Aria’s mumble reached my ears. 
“Uncle Eric once told us to call him dad. But Mommy hushed us and told us that we should not refer to another man as our dad. He just loves us a lot, so that’s why he said th 
I was stunned by her words. I lowered my head to look at her face and asked, 
Then who is your dad?” 
Her eyes were filled with tears as she gazed at me. “He is not with us. He is no more.” 
I was shocked. “What?” 
“Mommy said our dad is no more. She said not to talk about him in our lives. So Noah and I never talk about him.‘ 
“He is no more?” I muttered while repeating her words. 
I straightened my back and sat up as my thoughts began to mess up. Her words blew my mind. If Eric were really their father, Natalia would not have sa 
impossible for her to destroy an image of their father when he was still in their lives.
Somewhere, I felt a heaviness move from my chest. Despite the fact that I was unaware of the reason behind it, the news that their father was not alive left me feeling strange. 
“Tell me something more about your dad,” I told her. 
She shook her head. “No. Mommy said not to talk about him.” 
I rubbed my forehead as everything was stirring up my senses. Aria looked sad once again. 
I got out of the car and went to open the door on her side. I bent down and carried her. 
“Let’s go get some ice cream. Don’t be sad.” 
She hugged my neck tightly. She was frightened that she would be lost again. I made her feel secure by holding her tightly in my 
arms. 
Everyone looked at us as soon as I walked into the ice cream partor 
I went straight to the counter, paying no attention to the other people there. 
“Order wherever you want.” 
She chose the vanilla and chocolate flavors and grabbed the ice cream when the staff placed it on the counter. 
“Do you want to eat here or inside the car?” 
She took a peek around and replied, 
“It’s beautiful. I want to eat here.” 
As I made my way to the last table, I made her take a seat in one of the chairs, and then I got into the chair that was directly across from her. 
The expression on her face was one of pure joy as she began to consume ice cream. I found her cute. She reminded me of her mother. 
While I was looking at her, I couldn’t help but wonder if her mother had been just as childish when she was younger. 
It came to my mind that she had to live the life of an orphan. Was she forced to live a life of poverty, or did she have the opportunity to live a life of luxury? As far as I can remember, Gamma Jeremy did not adopt Natalia at this young age. 
“How is mom?” I asked her out of nowhere. 
She looked at me and replied, 
“She is the best mom in the world.” 
And?” 
She wants us to be happy. So Noah and I want her to be happy too.” 
“How?” 
As if someone else were going to pay attention to what she had to say, she leaned a little bit closer to me. 
“I heard my grandma saying to my grandpa that my mommy is alone, so she needs a husband who can protect her.” 
I was caught off guard. I averted my gaze from her and inquired, “What more does your grandma say?” 
“She said my mommy always cried alone. But she never showed her pain to us.” 
My heart froze when I heard her. Why did that woman cry? Wasn’t she happy with her boyfriend? 
‘Is your Uncle Eric her boyfriend?” 
ler eyes widened. “Is he?” 
I’m asking you.” 
had lost my mind. What was I even asking a child? Why am I so esperate to know about her mother’s life? 
eave it,” I muttered. 
Incle Eric is my uncle Jason’s friend. He is very caring. Noah 
dI like him a lot.” 
ot furious at hearing praise about Eric from be 
“Are you done?” I asked as I got t 
She glanced at her ice cream and 
After letting out a sigh, I sat do about anything and instead allow peacefully, 
At that time, I got a call from a fa 
Unexpectedly, my mood lightene received the call. 
“Where is my daughter?” 
Natalia’s voice reached my ears the sounds of her frantic breathir 
“Why are you not speaking? Whe other end of the phone. 
“She is with me,” I replied with a
“Give my daughter back to me. 1 just a child. How can you stoop s shame?” 
Her words did not make me angr 
I wondered what Patric had told daughter? Did I have no other wo 
“Do you want me to return your] do you want?” 
“Truth.” 
“W–What?” 
FID BONUS 
I looked at Aria, who grinned at me. Though I gave her a small smile in return, my voice did not change a little bit when I replied to her mother. 
“I want to know the truth about your children’s father. I’m sending you an address. Come and pick up your daughter. But today, you will not be able to leave without disclosing the truth to 
1. me. 
GET IT 
nothing to do with you. Adrian. Just let go my daugh” 
Mirsan cut the call, which made my blood boil in anger. I 
recnaved my phone from my ear and stared at the phone screen for a while 
A few minutes ago, when Beta Patric called me to inform me about Aria, I was feeling relieved that I had finally found her. Until then, I was trying to searc 
However, when I realized that Aria was with Adrian, another fear evolved within me. I had no idea what I would do. 
How could Adrian be so cruel? He kidnapped a little child! 
“What did he say?” I heard Eric as he put his hand on my 
shoulder. 
I turned to him and shook my head. 
“That man said he wanted to know about their father. I think he has learned something for sure.” 
Eric’s brows shot up. “What does he know?” 
“I don’t know, Eric. He said he would send me an address. But he can’t let me take my daughter away until I tell him the truth. How will I?”
I pulled my hair in outrage. No matter how much prestige I earned or how many projects I snatched from that man, he knew. my weakness. 
1.5 
I was in my room right now. Everyone in my family knew about Arla’s disappearance. They were trying their best to find her. So when I got a call from Patric, I told them that one of my friends. found Aria. I did not want them to contact Adrian directly. What if he hurt Aria? 
“Natalia, what are you doing?” Eric asked, watching me walk to my closet. 
I ignored his question and opened the closet. After unlocking a drawer, I pulled out a gun. 
Eric’s eyes widened. “What’s wrong with you?” 
He tried to pull the gun away from me, but I turned away from him to avoid his grab. 
of 
“Don’t stop me, Eric. That man wants to know the truth, right? will tell him the whole truth today. I will tell him everything that is in my heart and then kill h 
Eric shook his head. “Don’t do anything in anger. Listen to me.” “NO, I CAN’T.” I shouted at him when he grabbed my wrist. Tears rolled down my cheeks 
“What do you think he will do to my children after learning the truth? He is Adrian Miller. That man will never let me live my life with them peacefully. He w I can’t lose them.” 
I bit my bottom lip to control my tears and anger at the same time. 
Hooked at the gun and nodded my head. “So It’s the best way to teach him a lesson. I can be a killer, but I can’t stay away from my children.” 
Eric grabbed both of my wrists and pushed to the limit to take the gun away from me just as I was ready to pull the trigger to set it 
“You can’t do that, Natalia. Please try to understand. We can’t hurt him when his reason to come here was to attend the party that our head Alpha arrang 
I gaped at Eric as I thought about my brother. I could not let Jason get into danger because of me. 
“Then what will I do?” I asked, losing my patience. 
Eric put the gun in the closet and closed the door. Jason was the one who gave me that gun. It was because of my safety. 
Eric hugged me, and I sobbed. “I am at a loss for what I ought to do at this very moment. Once he is aware of reality, what actions will he take?” 
Eric gently stroked my head in an effort to calm me down. But the words he spoke froze me. 
“He will never get to know the truth. Your children are bound with spells.” 
I slowly moved my head and raised my head to look at him.
“W–What?” 
At the moment of their birth, Alpha Martin summoned Qa the back house in order to bestow blessings upon them. O other hand, your mother requeste 
I took a step back. When did my parents do that? I was not av of it at all. 
It came to my realization that Adrian, who was a really powe Alpha, could not smell his own children. In fact, his wolf was unable to recognize his own pups. It was all because of the sp “W– What if he learns the truth, and that is why he is calling m Eric shook his head. “No one has the power to break Qadir’s spell. He is not a simple wizard. I 
I felt a little relief from hearing Eric. “What will I say to him “Just lie to him.” 
At that time, I got a message from Adrian. He sent me the address of the hotel. 
Seeing the message, I mumbled to myself, 
“Aria will be with you soon. Just don’t let yourself become intimidated by that man.” 
immediately rushed out of the pack house. While I was leaving, my parents asked me where I was going. 
Tam going to get Aria back,” I replied to them. 
Jason was not at home, but I informed him of what I told my parents. I did not want him to remain in distress. 
“Let’s go,” Eric said, opening his car door for me. 
I stopped in front of his car. I did not want to take him with me. Adrian once doubted my children were Eric’s. I could not do anything to make him mad an 
“I want to go alone.” 
“No, I can’t let you go alone to that man.” Eric replied, giving me an angry look. 
“I will make an excuse. Don’t worry, Eric.” 
“No. I can’t trust that man. You didn’t tell Jason about it. But if he gets to know about it, he will never forgive me for letting you go to that man.” 
I tried to request him, but it all went in vain. He was stubborn about going with me. 
I felt defeated and got in his car. He started to drive, and I lost myself in my thoughts. 
I remembered my other baby. He was feeling guilty that Aria had lost when he was with her. 
“I am sorry, Mom.” 
When Noah finally caught up with me, during the time that I wan ot purchasing lee cream for him and Arla, this was the only thing that he continued to 
He was just a child. How could I blame him? It was my fault for not taking care of them properly and giving that ruthless man the chance to blackmail m 
The entire time we were on our way in silence, I hoped in my head that Aria would be safe.
Fear gripped me as I was terrified that Adrian would cause her harm. If that man could try to hurt me, he could do that to my children too. I could not trus 
As soon as the car came to a stop in front of the hotel, I was able to recognize the building. It was the best hotel in my pack. My father had a hotel busin 
A few days ago, I sent my men to inspect securities here since most of the visitors came to stay here for their luxurious rooms and environment. 
After getting out of the car, Eric came up to me and opened the door for me. He was there to help me, I exited the car and 
checked the message again. 
“Room Number 902.” 
“Let’s ask in the reception,” Eric said, entering the hotel. 
The hotel receptionist recognized Eric since he was the beta of this pack. But when her eyes landed on me, she looked amazed. 
I assumed that she saw some news from last night’s party, where my father revealed my identity to everyone. 
How may I help you?” she asked us with a polite smile. 
Room Number 902.” I replied impatiently. 
Sorry?” 
“Where is room number 902?” Eric asked. 
She gave us directions with a confused look. I held Eric’s hand when he was about to go to find the room. 
“Can I go alone? You are here, right? If something happens, I will give you a call.” 
Eric was hesitant to agree with my plea. Looking into my hopeful eyes, he gave me a nod. 
“I am here. Just go and come out with Aria. Don’t talk with that man again. Since you are telling him they are not his own children, you don’t have to give any justifications to him.” 
I gave him a little nod and headed to the elevator. I went to the ninth floor and began to look for that room number. 
When I reached the room, my hand was shaken. I lifted my hand and knocked on the door with a trembling heart. 
‘I hope you are fine, Aria,‘ I said in my mind. 
It did not take long to open the door. Nevertheless, someone else opened the door. Upon observing his attire, I realized he was there for room service. 
He opened the door widely for me to enter and said, 
“Please, Madam.” 
I slowly entered the room as I understood I was in the right room. The door closing behind me gave me = 0:
head and discovered that the man had left the room and shut 
behind him 
Ignored everything around me and walked inside. It was a presidential sult. 
My attention was drawn to a young child who was sitting in a chair at the table and eating brownies with a fork. 
“ARIA!” 
I was about to rush to her but was stopped in the middle by another voice. 
“Why are we in such a hurry?” 
As I turned my head, I came face–to–face with the man I had always despised in my life. He was seated on a couch at the tim He was surrounded by a few men who were dressed in full blac giving the appearance that they 
If I recall well, Jason mentioned last night that he came here wit his Beta and Lynda, didn’t he? So, who exactly were they? 
Adrian was smoking as his eyes were digging at me. 
“What? You can give jobs to my guards, but I can’t take a few from yours?” he asked, smirking at me. 
I realized they were my brother’s guards. How did they betray my brother? 
“Mommy?” 
I heard Aria as I turned my head back to her. She got down from the chair and ran towards me. noveldrama
I immediately crouched down and hu 
“How are you, baby?” I asked and kissed her cheeks, tryi look at her to see if she was fine. 
I felt relieved that she was totally fine and Adrian did not her 
“Mommy, I was missing you. But handsome Uncle gave me. of things to eat.” 
I frowned at her. “Didn’t I tell you not to eat anything from strangers?” 
What if Adrian mixed something in her food? 
I heard a scoff coming from Adrian’s direction. I stood up a held Aria’s hand to leave the hotel room. 
When I was about to get to the door, the guards stopped me fro leaving. 
“Let me go.” 
Adrian got to his feet and walked toward me and Aria. 
“What an ungrateful woman you are! You lost your child, but when someone helped you get her back, you are leaving withou repaying.”
I glared at him. “Name a price.” 
He chuckled at me as he threw the cigarette. “Do you think you have anything to repay me?” 
“Then what do you want me to do? Worship you?” I asked mockingly. 
His eyes turned dark as he did not like my mockem 
at his guards and ordered them 
Take the child inside the room. 
FI 
The guards started to pull Aria away from me. “No, don’t.” I yelled, holding Aria close to me. 
Whatever was going on was perplexing to Aria. 
“They will not do anything to her. If they dare, their heads will be out of their bodies the next moment,” Adrian said, looking at the guards as if warning th 
“Mommy, I will be fine. Uncle said that he wanted to talk to you. Talk with him, okay?” Aria said to me. 
I was surprised by her words. Did Adrian brainwash my child behind my back? 
The guards took her to another room, leaving us alone. 
‘So? Let’s start our conversation, Natalia Hansely.” 
turned my head toward him. I felt like killing this man. 
Who is your children’s original father?” 
looked into his eyes. He was serene as if patiently waiting for y reply. 
He is dead,” I replied to him. 
e gave me a scowling look, and I said it in my head. 
e is dead to me.‘ 
N BUNDLE: get more free bonus
###Alpha 83
I was at a loss to understand whether or not I should believe this little child’s words. It seemed to me that she was not aware of the truth. On the other hand, how could Natalia even hide the truth fro 
After heaving a sigh, I shook my head. “Didn’t Eric go to your parents‘ meeting?” 
As a response, she gave me a slight nod. “But that was because Mommy had an exam that day. Uncle Eric told her not to worry, and he then accompan 
“She had an exam? She is studying?” 
“Mommy has just finished her studies. Don’t you know that?” 
I was not aware of it. Did Natalia continue her studies? She had even completed her graduation? 
It was then that I recalled how she had given up her schooling in order to marry me. At that time, her adoptive father told me that she had decided not to continue her education. I thought she was not a good student, so I did not ask her about it. 
While I was thinking about it, Aria’s mumble reached my ears. 
“Uncle Eric once told us to call him dad. But Mommy hushed us and told us that we should not refer to another man as our dad. He just loves us a lot, so that’s why he said that to us; we should not take it seriously.” 
I was stunned by her words. I lowered my head to look at her face and asked, 
1,0 
“Then who is your dad?” 
Her eyes were filled with tears as she gazed at me. “He is not with us. He is no more.” 
I was shocked. “What?” 
“Mommy said our dad is no more. She said not to talk about him in our lives. So Noah and I never talk about him.” 
“He is no more?” I muttered while repeating her words. 
I straightened my back and sat up as my thoughts began to mess up. Her words blew my mind. If Eric were really their father, Natalia would not have said that to her children. It was 
impossible for her to destroy an image of their father when he was still in their lives. 
Somewhere, I felt a heaviness move from my chest. Despite the fact that I was unaware of the reason behind it, the news that their father was not alive l
“Tell me something more about your dad,” I told her. 
She shook her head. “No. Mommy said not to talk about him.” 
I rubbed my forehead as everything was stirring up my senses. Aria looked sad once again. 
I got out of the car and went to open the door on her side. I bent down and carried her. 
“Let’s go get some ice cream. Don’t be sad.” 
She hugged my neck tightly. She was frightened that she would be lost again. I made her feel secure by holding her tightly in my 
arms. 
Everyone looked at us as soon as I walked into the ice cream parlor. 
I went straight to the counter, paying no attention to the other people there. 
“Order wherever you want.‘ 
She chose the vanilla and chocolate flavors and grabbed the ice cream when the staff placed it on the counter. noveldrama
“Do you want to eat here or inside the car?” 
She took a peek around and replied, 
“It’s beautiful. I want to eat here.‘ 
As I made my way to the last table, I made her take a seat in one of the chairs, and then I got into the chair that was directly across from her. 
The expression on her face was one of pure joy as she began to consume ice cream. I found her cute. She reminded me of her 
mother. 
While I was looking at her, I couldn’t help but wonder if her mother had been just as childish when she was younger. 
It came to my mind that she had to live the life of an orphan. Was she forced to live a life of poverty, or did she have the 
opportunity to live a life of luxury? As far as I can remember, Gamma Jeremy did not adopt Natalia at this young age. 
“How is mom?” I asked her out of nowhere. 
She looked at me and replied, 
“She is the best mom in the world.” 
“And?” 
“She wants us to be happy. So Noah and I want her to be happy too.” 
“How?” 
As if someone else were going to pay attention to what she had to say, she leaned a little bit closer to me. 
“I heard my grandma saying to my grandpa that my mommy is alone, so she needs a husband who can protect her.” 
I was caught off guard. I averted my gaze from her and inquired, 
“What more does your grandma say?” 
“She said my mommy always cried alone. But she never showed her pain to us.” 
My heart froze when I heard her. Why did that woman cry? Wasn’t she happy with her boyfriend? 
“Is your Uncle Eric her boyfriend?” 
Her eyes widened. “Is he?” 
“I’m asking you.” 
I had lost my mind. What was I even asking a child? Why am I so desperate to know about her mother’s life? 
“Leave it,” I muttered. 
“Uncle Eric is my uncle Jason’s friend. He is very caring. Noah and I like him a lot.” 
I got furious at hearing praise about Eric from her mouth. 
“Are you done?” I asked as I got to my feet. 
She glanced at her ice cream and shook her head. 
After letting out a sigh, I sat down once more. I did not inquire about anything and instead allowed her to eat her ice cream peacefully. 
At that time, I got a call from a familiar number. 
Unexpectedly, my mood lightened up. I glanced at Aria and received the call. 
“Where is my daughter?”
Natalia’s voice reached my ears. I did not speak but only heard the sounds of her frantic breathing. 
“Why are you not speaking? Where is she?” she shouted from the other end of the phone. 
“She is with me,” I replied with a cold tone. 
“Give my daughter back to me. Why did you kidnap her? She is just a child. How can you stoop so low, Adrian? Do you have any shame?” 
Her words did not make me angry. I listened to her with serenity. 
I wondered what Patric had told her. Did he say I kidnapped her daughter? Did I have no other work left in my life? 
“Do you want me to return your projects? Tell me, Adrian. What do you want?” 
“Truth.” 
“W–What?” 
I looked at Aria, who grinned at me. Though I gave her a small smile in return, my voice did not change a little bit when I replied to her mother. 
“I want to know the truth about your children’s father. I’m sending you an address. Come and pick up your daughter. But today, you will not be able to leave without disclosing the truth to me.” 
D 
###Alpha 84
Natalia’s POV 
“It’s nothing to do with you, Adrian. Just let go my daugh-” 
Adrian cut the call, which made my blood boil in anger. I 
removed my phone from my ear and stared at the phone screen 
for a while. 
A few minutes ago, when Beta Patric called me to inform me about Aria, I was feeling relieved that I had finally found her. Until then, I was trying to search for her like a crazy wom 
However, when I realized that Aria was with Adrian, another fear evolved within me. I had no idea what I would do. 
How could Adrian be so cruel? He kidnapped a little child! 
“What did he say?” I heard Eric as he put his hand on my shoulder. 
I turned to him and shook my head. 
“That man said he wanted to know about their father. I think he has learned something for sure.” 
Eric’s brows shot up. “What does he know?” 
“I don’t know, Eric. He said he would send me an address. But he can’t let me take my daughter away until I tell him the truth. How will I?” 
I pulled my hair in outrage. No matter how much prestige I earned or how many projects I snatched from that man, he knew my weakness. 
I was in my room right now. Everyone in my family knew about Aria’s disappearance. They were trying their best to find her. So when I got a call from Pa 
“Natalia, what are you doing?” Eric asked, watching me walk to my closet. 
I ignored his question and opened the closet. After unlocking a drawer, I pulled out a gun. 
Eric’s eyes widened. “What’s wrong with you?” 
He tried to pull the gun away from me, but I turned away from him to avoid his grab. 
“Don’t stop me, Eric. That man wants to know the truth, right? I will tell him the whole truth today. I will tell him everything that is in my heart and then kill him. I can’t let that man hurt any of my children. Before he even thinks like that, I should kill that notorious man.
Eric shook his head. “Don’t do anything in anger. Listen to me.” “NO, I CAN’T.” I shouted at him when he grabbed my wrist. Tears rolled down my cheeks blazing in anger. 
“What do you think he will do to my children after learning the truth? He is Adrian Miller. That man will never let me live my life with them peacefully. He will either hurt them or take them away from me. I– I can’t lose them.” 
I bit my bottom lip to control my tears and anger at the same time. 
I looked at the gun and nodded my head. “So it’s the best way to teach him a lesson. I can be a killer, but I can’t stay away from my children.” 
Eric grabbed both of my wrists and pushed to the limit to take the gun away from me just as I was ready to pull the trigger to set it. 
“You can’t do that, Natalia. Please try to understand. We can’t hurt him when his reason to come here was to attend the party that our head Alpha arranged. Jason will have to pay for this since it’s against the law. We can’t harm any of our guest Alpha. It will only create violence aroun 
I gaped at Eric as I thought about my brother. I could not let Jason get into danger because of me. 
“Then what will I do?” I asked, losing my patience. 
Eric put the gun in the closet and closed the door. Jason was the one who gave me that gun. It was because of my safety. 
Eric hugged me, and I sobbed. “I am at a loss for what I ought to do at this very moment. Once he is aware of reality, what actions will he take?” 
Eric gently stroked my head in an effort to calm me down. But the words he spoke froze me. 
“He will never get to know the truth. Your children are bound with spells.” 
I slowly moved my head and raised my head to look at him. 
“W–What?” 
“At the moment of their birth, Alpha Martin summoned Qadir to the pack house in order to bestow blessings upon them. On the other hand, your mother requested that he take some action against the situation to prevent their father from recognizing them. You know he is a powerful man. He had the wizard’s blood to cast a 
I took a step back. When did my parents do that? I was not aware 
of it at all. 
It came to my realization that Adrian, who was a really powerful Alpha, could not smell his own children. In fact, his wolf was unable to recognize his own pups. It was all because of the spell.
“W–What if he learns the truth, and that is why he is calling me?” noveldrama
Eric shook his head. “No one has the power to break Qadir’s spell. He is not a simple wizard. In addition, his wolf assisted him in casting the spell out. Im wizard in their witchcraft. You can’t even begin to fathom how strong it is.” 
I felt a little relief from hearing Eric. “What will I say to him?” 
“Just lie to him.” 
At that time, I got a message from Adrian. He sent me the address of the hotel. 
Seeing the message, I mumbled to myself, 
“Aria will be with you soon. Just don’t let yourself become intimidated by that man.” 
###Alpha 85
I immediately rushed out of the pack house. While I was leaving, my parents asked me where I was going. 
“I am going to get Aria back,” I replied to them. 
Jason was not at home, but I informed him of what I told my parents. I did not want him to remain in distress. 
“Let’s go,” Eric said, opening his car door for me. 
I stopped in front of his car. I did not want to take him with me. Adrian once doubted my children were Eric’s. I could not do anything to make him mad and hurt Aria. 
“I want to go alone.” 
“No, I can’t let you go alone to that man.” Eric replied, giving me an angry look. 
1 
“I will make an excuse. Don’t worry, Eric.” a 
“No. I can’t trust that man. You didn’t tell Jason about it. But if he gets to know about it, he will never forgive me for letting you go to that man. 
I tried to request him, but it all went in vain. He was stubborn about going with me. 
I felt defeated and got in his car. He started to drive, and I lost myself in my thoughts. 
I remembered my other baby. He was feeling guilty that Aria had lost when he was with her. 
“I am sorry, Mom.” 
When Noah finally caught up with me, during the time that I was out purchasing ice cream for him and Aria, this was the only thing that he continued to repeat. 
He was just a child. How could I blame him? It was my fault for not taking care of them properly and giving that ruthless man the chance to blackmail me. 
The entire time we were on our way in silence, I hoped in my head that Aria would be safe. 
Fear gripped me as I was terrified that Adrian would cause her harm. If that man could try to hurt me, he could do that to my children too. I could not trust him a single bit. 
As soon as the car came to a stop in front of the hotel, I was able to recognize the building. It was the best hotel in my pack. My father had a hotel business, and it was one 
A few days ago, I sent my men to inspect securities here since most of the visitors came to stay here for their luxurious rooms and environment. 
After getting out of the car, Eric came up to me and opened the door for me. He was there to help me. I exited the car and 
checked the message again. 
“Room Number 902.” 
“Let’s ask in the reception,” Eric said, entering the hotel. 
The hotel receptionist recognized Eric since he was the beta of this pack. But when her eyes landed on me, she looked amazed. 
I assumed that she saw some news from last night’s party, where my father revealed my identity to everyone. 
“How may I help you?” she asked us with a polite smile. “Room Number 902.” I replied impatiently. 
“Sorry?” 
“Where is room number 902?” Eric asked. 
She gave us directions with a confused look. I held Eric’s hand when he was about to go to find the room. 
“Can I go alone? You are here, right? If something happens, I will give you a call.” 
Eric was hesitant to agree with my plea. Looking into my hopeful eyes, he gave me a nod. 
“I am here. Just go and come out with Aria. Don’t talk with that man again. Since you are telling him they are not his own 
children, you don’t have to give any justifications to him.” 
I 
gave him a little nod and headed to the elevator. I went to the ninth floor and began to look for that room number. 
When I reached the room, my hand was shaken. I lifted my hand and knocked on the door with a trembling heart. 
‘I hope you are fine, Aria,‘ I said in my mind. 
It did not take long to open the door. Nevertheless, someone else opened the door. Upon observing his attire, I realized he was there for room service. noveldrama
He opened the door widely for me to enter and said, 
“Please, Madam.” 
I slowly entered the room as I understood I was in the right room. The door closing behind me gave me a flinch. I turned my 
head and discovered that the man had left the room and shut the 
door behind him. 
I ignored everything around me and walked inside. It was a presidential suit. 
My attention was drawn to a young child who was sitting in a chair at the table and eating brownies with a fork. 
“ARIA!” 
I was about to rush to her but was stopped in the middle by another voice. 
“Why are we in such a hurry?” 
As I turned my head, I came face–to–face with the man I had always despised in my life. He was seated on a couch at the time. He was surrounded by a few men who were dressed in full black, giving the appearance that they were his guards. 
If I recall well, Jason mentioned last night that he came here with his Beta and Lynda, didn’t he? So, who exactly were they? 
Adrian was smoking as his eyes were digging at me. 
“What? You can give jobs to my guards, but I can’t take a few from yours?” he asked, smirking at me. 
I realized they were my brother’s guards. How did they betray my brother? 
“Mommy?” 
I heard Aria as I turned my head back to her. She got down from the chair and ran towards me. 
I immediately crouched down and hugged her. 
“How are you, baby?” I asked and kissed her cheeks, trying to look at her to see if she was fine. 
I felt relieved that she was totally fine and Adrian did not hurt 
her. 
“Mommy, I was missing you. But handsome Uncle gave me a lot of things to eat.” 
I frowned at her. “Didn’t I tell you not to eat anything from strangers?” 
What if Adrian mixed something in her food?
I heard a scoff coming from Adrian’s direction. I stood up and held Aria’s hand to leave the hotel room. 
When I was about to get to the door, the guards stopped me from leaving. 
“Let me go.” 
Adrian got to his feet and walked toward me and Aria. 
“What an ungrateful woman you are! You lost your child, but when someone helped you get her back, you are leaving without repaying.” 
I glared at him. “Name a price.” 
He chuckled at me as he threw the cigarette. “Do you think you have anything to repay me?” 
“Then what do you want me to do? Worship you?” I asked mockingly. 
His eyes turned dark as he did not like my mockery. He glanced 
at his guards and ordered them. 
“Take the child inside the room.‘ 
The guards started to pull Aria away from me. “No, don’t.” I yelled, holding Aria close to me. 
Whatever was going on was perplexing to Aria. 
“They will not do anything to her. If they dare, their heads will be out of their bodies the next moment,” Adrian said, looking at the guards as if warning them through his eyes. 
“Mommy, I will be fine. Uncle said that he wanted to talk to you. Talk with him, okay?” Aria said to me. 
I was surprised by her words. Did Adrian brainwash my child behind my back? 
The guards took her to another room, leaving us alone. 
“So? Let’s start our conversation, Natalia Hansely.” 
I turned my head toward him. I felt like killing this man. 
“Who is your children’s original father?” 
I looked into his eyes. He was serene as if patiently waiting for my reply. 
“He is dead,” I replied to him. 
He gave me a scowling look, and I said it in my head.
‘He is dead to me.‘
###Alpha 86
Adrian’s POV 
After listening to Natalia’s reply, grimaced at her. 
“Dead? How?” I questioned her as I moved closer to her. 
She did not move, which demonstrated to me that she was unaffected by the fact that I was getting closer to her. 
It did not appear that the woman in front of me was broken. She was not the woman who always talked to me while stuttering, but a strong woman who was not afraid of me. 
“You don’t have to know about him.” 
At that moment, I moved nearer to her by taking one step closer. Her eyes were piercing my heart, which I could not find the 
reason for. 
How could she stand so proudly in front of me after doing all those things? 
“You have to answer before going. Because my mercy is not for everyone.” 
I tried to scare her so that she would reveal all the truth that she had been hiding inside her. 
She glanced at the room where Aria had just gone. I could see that she was afraid of her daughter’s life. 
But she did not know, that I would never think of hurting that girl. I felt strange the whole day when I was with her. She was young but an effective speake did not know what, but I felt a 
connection with her. Just like I felt it when I was with Noah. The fact that I was not liked by that young guy caused me 
irritated during times when I was thinking about him. If it were other children, I would have never cared. 
1 let out a lower tone, “Perhaps they are my chi-” 
“NO WAY,” Natalia spoke out loudly to cut me off. 
However, her expression gave me the impression of the opposite of her words. 
Suddenly, I felt a little hope that they were my children. What would I do if they were mine? 
Just thinking about it gave me a strange feeling. 
‘Are you hiding my children from me?‘ I thought while scrutinizing her face.
“They are not yours, Adrian. They are my children.” 
“Okay, then tell me about their father.” 
“He is dead.” 
“How?” 
“I–I don’t know. But he is.” 
I scoffed as I felt she could not even lie properly. 
“Who was he?” 
She looked away from me and mumbled quietly. “I don’t know.” 
I lowered my head and muttered in her ear. “So you mean, you slept with a stranger? How disgraceful!” 
She pushed me hard and said with an angry look, 
“What did I do? You were a useless husband who could 
FIS BORUS 
with his wife. You always ignored me and went to sleep with 
nds What did you expect from jue? To stay a graceful wife and The Tike the life of a doll?” 
I could see wrath in her eyes, which surprised me. Was she, by chance, telling me the truth? Did she really sleep with a stranger? 
I got mad at her and grabbed her arms tightly. “So that’s given you the reason to fuck around?” 
“It was just for one night. If you can, why can’t I?” 
I wanted to tell her that I did not sleep with Lynda those nights. Instead, I was in my company’s apartment. It was true that I used to despise this woman 
“Who was that bastard? Who had the audacity to fuck my wife behind my back? Was he from my pack? So they are that 
bastard’s chi-” 
A hard slap on my cheek interrupted me. 
It was not the first time she had done that. I did not say anything to her at first time, which is the reason why she was becoming more confident. 
As I turned to face her, I clenched my jaw and glared at her. But when I saw tears rippling around inside her eyes, I froze. 
I felt a pang in my heart, and it started beating faster. I forgot about the slap and yearned to know the reason behind her tears. 
“Don’t call my babies by that name. They are innocent. They are not that man’s children, but only mine. I hate their father more than anything in this world.” she said, gritting h
+15 BONI 
I’ve given you an answer. Now let me and my child go.” 
I tightened my fists and stepped aside. She rushed to the room and came out, holding Aria in her arms. 
I saw Aria looking at me. I did not feel good seeing them leave. Aria waved at me while hugging her mother’s neck. 
When they left the room, I felt empty as if something had left my heart. 
The guards came out of the room as they bowed to me. 
“Alpha, take us to your pack. Alpha Jason will not let us stay alive if he gets to know about our betrayal.” 
I sneered at them. “If you all can betray him, you can betray me too. I hate betrayers.” 
I left them inside the hotel room, leaving them in their own situations. They were the ones who came to me with the thought of getting more money. I was 
I left the hotel and walked to my car. When my driver opened the door for me, my eyes were somewhere else. 
I witnessed Natalia and Aria leaving the hotel with Beta Eric. I kept my gaze fixed on the back of the car until it disappeared from my line of sight. 
“Alpha,” 
My driver said, trying to get my attention. I got in the car. 
When the driver started the car, I told him, 
“To the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
The driver gave me a nod and started the car to head back to my pack. 
I reached into my pocket and pulled out a packet. Due to the fact that it was a transparent packet, Aria’s hair was visible inside of 
1. it. 
I was not the foolish man that Natalia thought of me. I dialed Patric’s number while holding the packet. 
“Arrange a doctor who is not connected with Harold Reid.” 
“What happened to you, Adrian? Is everything okay? Doctor Harold is your private physician. He is the head doctor of our pack. Why don’t you want him?” Patric asked with a worried tone. 
I glanced at Aria’s hair and replied, 
“That man is too friendly with Natalia. So I can’t trust him. I want to do a DNA test.” 
Patric was astounded by my response. “Adrain, don’t tell me you…”
“Get the job done. I’m coming back to the pack.” noveldrama
After hanging up the phone, I looked outside. 
“It won’t be long before I find out the truth, Natalia.”
###Chapter 87
Natalia's POV
When we returned to the pack house, my parents pulled Aria into their embrace. They were afraid of losing her. At this age, Noah and Aria were their favorite companions.
'I'm okay, Grandpa. Don't worry, Grandma."
Like a sensible child, Aria assured them that she was fine.
I noticed Noah standing in a comer. His eyes were on Aria, but he did not go close to her. He looked like he was upset.
Was he feeling guilty? Was he blaming himself for everything?
I walked to Noah when everyone was busy with Aria.
I crouched down in front of him and patted his shoulder. He lowered his head.
"What happened to you, my big boy? Why do you look upset? Don't you want to see your little sister?" I asked him.
He was a few minutes older than Aria. So I told him that he was her big brother and that he would always have to protect his sister.
"I'm sorry, Mom. I could not protect Aria," he mumbled with his pouty lips.
I caressed his hair, and he lifted his head to look at me.
His eyes were teary, which made me feel emotional. "Don't cry, my baby. You are my strong boy. It was not your fault, okay?"
He shook his head. "I-"
I did not let him say anything as I pulled him into a tight hug.
I patted his back. "Tears don't suit you. You have to be a strong boy. You will be a powerful man in the future." *Just like my Uncle Jason?" he asked while hugging my neck.
I chuckled and nodded my head. "Yeah, just like your Uncle Jason."
We broke the hug and glanced at Aria. She saw us and rushed toward us with her small legs.
"Noah," she said, hugging her brother.
I got to my feet and let the siblings hug each other.
Noah embraced Aria and looked at me. I smiled at him. He gave me a smile and said to Aria,
"I missed you. Where did you go?"
Aria pulled away from him and replied,
"I was with..." she paused and turned to look at me.
I shook my head. She blinked her eyes and turned back to Noah. "I was lost. Mommy's friend found me, and I was with him.'
Aria lied to Noah because I told her in the car not to talk about Adrian to anyone. She was asking me why, as if she liked to talk about him.
But I did not say much to her and only forbade her to say anything about him, especially in front of Noah. I knew Noah just hated that man like me. In my opinion, the fact that one of Adrian's children had a negative opinion of him was a form of karma.
However, it was a question of thinking as to why he had such a strong aversion to a man whom he had not even known and only met once? As Aria said to me, Adrian never talked poorly with him. Then what was the reason behind it?
The happiness returned to the pack house. Everyone was feeling relieved after getting Aria back.
The whole evening, everyone asked Aria how everything had happened. She only replied that she was lost because she was following a kitten.
Eric, on the other hand, told everyone not to ask Aria anything more since it could hurt the child's mental health if she kept remembering those upsetting moments.
When Jason came back to the pack house, the first thing he did was call Aria into his room.
I was nervous that he would inspect the matter. Eric signaled to me that he would handle everything.
I stood outside Jason's bedroom while listening to the conversation going on inside.
"Where were you?" Jason asked Aria.
"Uncle Jason, I was with Mommy's friend."
"Oh, I see. How are you right now, baby? Did someone hurt you?"
"No, Uncle. Mommy's friend is a good person. He took me to eat ice cream, then gave me my favorite brownies."
'He? Your mommy's friend is a man?"
As soon as I realized that Jason had just picked up Aria's remarks, I turned my head to the side.
"You can come inside. Don't you know that eavesdropping on other people's conversations is not good?"
I heard my brother's voice. He caught me. I opened the door and entered his room.
I laughed at him awkwardly. "Sorry, brother. I was just passi...
Eric bit his lower lip to control his laugh, as if I were a terrible liar.noveldrama
I frowned at him. Wasn't he on my side?
He cleared his throat and said to Jason,
"She is right. I think you are mistaking her."
Jason raised an eyebrow as he turned his head toward Eric.
*Stop defending him all the time, Eric. I will come after you soon. Let me talk to her first."
Eric gulped as he could see Jason had learned something was fishy.
"You can go back to your room. Your uncle brought a lot of chocolates for you; he will send them to your room."
Aria's face was delighted to hear about chocolate. "Okay, Uncle."
She kissed Jason's cheek and left the room, leaving me in my brother's den.
"Natalia, where was she? Are you lying to me?"
"Brother, I told you. My friend found her."
"Which friend? I need the name."
I glanced at Eric to help me. He nodded his head and put his hand on Jason's shoulder.
"Bro, why are you scaring her? She can have friends who are boys, you know."
Jason stood up from his bed and tumed to Eric.
*Really? Don't make me open my mouth. She can have friends who are boys? Weren't you the one who always beat those boys to make them stay away from her?"
My eyes widened as I heard Jason. I looked at Eric, who scratched the back of his neck.
"Stop muttering nonsense, Jason. Calm down," Eric murmured to his best friend.
I was confused, but at the same time, I felt disbelief.
Every time any boys got close to me, they got beaten by Eric, and he always told me that it was Jason's order.
'So it was always him? Why did he do that?"
###
Chapter 88
Jason turned to me and gazed at my perplexed look.
"It was Adrian who kidnapped her, wasn't he?"
I was shocked. He knew the truth!
"Brother, how do you know?"noveldrama
"What do you think about me? I am your head Alpha. I can sense who can do what. Now tell me, why did he do that?
I lowered my head as I mumbled, "He wanted to know the truth."
"Bastard! What did you say to him?"
I was silent. I did not want to say that from my mouth to him. He was my big brother. What I said to Adrian was so embarrassing that I would never say it to anyone else.
"She said their father was dead." Eric replied to Jason instead of me.
"And? Did he not want to learn about identity?"
"She said it was a one-night thing, and she did not know much about him."
Jason was quiet for some time and then sighed.
"You did a foolish thing, Natalia."
I lifted my head to look at Jason. "B-But brother, I had no other option left but to make an excuse."
Jason gave me a disappointed look. "He is no longer Adrian, who used to be your husband, but Alpha Adrian, who runs the Crystal Blood Pack. I hate to say that he is clever enough to catch your lies. He is not a school kid who will believe such a lie."
I frowned at him. "He believed me, brother. He got angry and let me take Aria away."
Jason turned to Eric. His eyes turned dark as he asked, "Why didn't you inform me about it? Why did you let her go to that man?"
Eric lowered his head in submission. I was shocked to see Jason's anger. He had never behaved like that to Eric before.
"Brother, it was not his fau-"
Jason lifted his hand to interrupt me and asked Eric,
"Is this how you will protect my sister? By sending her to her ex-husband?"
I was feeling awful. Because of me, Eric had to get scolded by Jason.
"I'm sorry, Jason," Eric muttered, sounding furious as if he did not like Jason's words, but he still apologized since he was his Alpha.
"Brother, please listen to me. Don't get mad at him. He has done nothing wrong. I was the one who begged him to let me go to Adrian so that I could get Aria back. I was afraid that he would hurt my daughter if I went there with him."
"I want to talk to Natalia alone," Jason said angrily.
Eric nodded his head without looking at us and left the room.
I glanced at the door, which Eric had just closed after leaving. I felt upset for him.
"Look at me. When will you start sharing your problems with me? Why are you always afraid to tell me anything? Am I not a good brother in your eyes?"
I turned my attention back to Jason. He looked fiercer. I walked to him and hugged him to calm him down. "Brother, I am so sorry. Please don't get mad. I know you love me a lot and care for me. I also do the same. That is the reason why I don't want to pull you into my matter."
I broke the hug when I saw that he did not hug me back. I looked at him and saw his angry look Usually he was a very sweet guy who could do anything to protect his sister, but when he got mad, it was the end of everything. His inner wolf could not let him calm down. After all, he had Alpha blood.
"Okay, I'm telling you the truth. I thought you would hurt him, so I didn't tell you."
He looked at me and asked,
"Do you still love that man?"
I was astounded by his question. Why did he ask that? Did he not know the answer?
"No, brother."
"Then why did you care if I hurt him?"
I tried to clear up his misunderstanding as I explained, "As a head Alpha, you can't cause any harm to other Alpha who came here to attend your events. I did not want you to do something that could destroy your reputation."
Jason let out a sigh and sat on the bed. I took a seat next to him.
"Brother, I am fine. Aria is also unharmed. So don't worry."
Jason rubbed his forehead as if he were distressed. "Do you have any idea what you have done? That man will not stop there."
"But he believed my lie. Today, Eric told me about Qadir's spell. So that means Adrian will never get to know about the truth."
Jason turned his head toward me. "This guy can't hide any single thing from you."
He was talking about Eric. I would have never learned about the spell if Eric had not told me.
"Don't scold him again, brother. We are his family. He feels bad when you scold him. Aren't you both best friends?
"You care for him, which makes me feel good."
I looked away from him. "It's not like that. He is a good friend."
"What you said to Adrian, he will take a chance about it, Natalia. He will tell others about it to destroy your image in our pack. What will you do at that time?"
I was shocked when I heard him. Adrian could do that. I could not believe that man. But if he did, what would happen to my children and their future?
"What will I do now, brother?"
He placed his hand on my head and replied,
"Take one step forward in your life. You and your children need someone who can give you three protections as a man, your man."
I pushed his hand away from my head and stood up.
"Brother, you know I don't want it. I don't want to leave you all and start a new life."
He got to his feet and replied to me,
"You don't have to leave us. Nothing will change in your life. Because you knew the man. He will never leave the pack house."
I turned to him. "Brother, what are yo-"
"No one can be a better man for you and a better dad for your children than Eric. Accept him, Natalia."
###Chapter 89
Adrian's POV
As soon as I crossed the border, I had the urge to go back and bring that woman back to my pack. It would have been better for me to stay in the pack until I had received the report. However, the pack belonged to her brother. If my suspicions were correct, then there would be no one who could prevent me from getting her and those children.
'Did I just find myself thinking about her once more? Wasn't I assuming only about those children? What would I do if she returned here? I thought and shook my head.
Whenever I closed my eyes, her tearful face kept popping into my mind, bringing back the memories of the times when she was my wife.
I used to hate her. Every time I went close to her, I never forgot to taunt her about her conspiracy. At that time, her eyes also got teary, just like today. Although I had always believed that she was acting in front of me, I couldn't help but feel strange today. It was as though she was not a fake woman.
Why could I not believe it when she kept talking about spending a night with another man?
There was no suspicion around me that could give me a hint that her twins were mine, so why could I not resist my inner feelings and discard this matter?
I pulled out my phone when I got a message from Patric. He was asking about my return. I replied to him that I was on the way.
When I was about to lock my phone, my eyes fell on the gallery. I opened it and saw a cute drawing of a couple and their babies.
I remembered Aria clicking the photo on my phone after she finished her drawing. She said that she had always tried to draw the picture of the man's face, but she was unable to finish it. However, she was able to accomplish it today.
I felt that she was drawing about her family. Her parents were with her, along with her brother. I felt terrible that she had to go through life without a father figure in her life.
"I swear, I will bring not just you but also your brother to my pack the moment the report comes out positive. As long as you have your father, there is no need for you to continue to behave like a disgraceful child." I muttered as I locked the phone.
It took me four hours to reach my apartment from the border. The long journey did not make me tired, as if there was excitement inside me roaming around.
I got out of the car and told my driver to take some rest. He looked stunned, as if I had never told him such caring words before.
When I entered my apartment, it was early in the morning. I noticed Patric was already inside my house.
"I was waiting for you," he said, getting on his feet from the couch.
I gave him a nod and headed to my bedroom.
"Where are you going?"
"To take a shower."
"Here, I am losing my mind like a crazy man, and you are going to take a shower? Adrian, are you even serious?"
I could feel desperation in his voice. I understood that he was talking about the DNA test.
I turned to him and replied, "I'm coming back in a few minutes. Let me clear my mind first."
He did not stop me, and I went to my room. I took a shower to ease my mind. I did not want to sleep at home and
decided to go to my company. That was the reason I thought to take a shower first.
My muscles began to relax a little bit as the droplets of cold water ran over my head and made their way down to my torso. I thought of Natalia as I placed my hands on the wall in front of me.
Why did she even sign the divorce papers if they were my children? I don't understand why she did it. What was going through her head? Why was she lying to me? Was she thinking about living with another man?
The mere thought of her being with another man caused my muscles to tense up further. After such a long time since our divorce, I was still unable to accept the fact that she was with another man.
The moment I finished taking a shower, I changed into a suit and left my bedroom while using a towel to wipe my hair.
I saw Patric walking back and forth. He looked worried.
*Now can you explain to me everything?" He asked as if he had lost all of his patience.
I told him everything about yesterday. His eyes widened when he heard me tell him that they were my children.
*Adrian, we need to wait for the reports first. You can't claim that they are yours."
I glared at him when I heard him. "I can feel an attachment to the children. That boy was distant from me, which affected me. And that girl is like someone really close to me."
Patric was confused by my words. He was afraid that I was assuming wrong. But I believed I was right.noveldrama
They were mine.
"Have you managed a doctor?"
Patric nodded at me and dialed a number. He put the phone on loudspeaker and asked the doctor about what he wanted.
I told that man that he would get everything in time, but I wanted the report as soon as possible.
The doctor sounded scared after hearing my voice. But he agreed with me and said it was his luck that he could assist me in something.
Usually, I always went to Doctor Harold in every situation, whether it was about my wound or about my family's health. But in this matter, I could not trust him.
"You will get your reward soon." Patric said this to the doctor and cut the call.
He looked at me and asked, "What if the report comes out negative? What will you do?"
Before I could reply, another voice halted me.
"What reports are you talking about?"
I turned in the direction of the voice and saw Lynda coming inside the house. The door was unlocked, so she did not need to wait outside to open it.
She stood next to me and asked with a delicate tone,
"Adrian, are you hiding something from me?"
###Alpha 90
Patric stared at Lynda as if he did not expect her to come here and interrupt his conversation with me. 
“Why do you need to know everything?” Patric asked her in an angry tone. 
Lynda frowned at him. “Why are you behaving like this to me? You did not even listen to me that night and forcefully take me back to this pack.” 
By hearing her, I got that Lynda wanted to remain in the Blue Blood Pack, but Patric forced her to return to this pack. 
“It was my Alpha’s order,” Patric replied to her. 
“And I am going to be your Alpha’s Luna.” 
Her voice did not even shake when she talked to Patric. 
I did not like it when she called herself my Luna. Why was I 
feeling like that? Wasn’t I the one who told her that I would give her that position many years ago? 
“Lyn-” 
“No, Adrian. You have to tell him who I am to you. He always treats me badly. He doesn’t respect me at all.” Lynda complained to me about Patric like a 
Patric gave her a stern look. Lynda thought that he was a calm and collected young man. He was my best friend, and Lynda was my girlfriend, so he alw 
“Shut your mouth. I’m already losing my mind on another matter,” he warned her. 
Lynda began to cry while holding my arm. “Did you see how he behaves with me in front of you? He isn’t even afraid of you.” 
Patric rolled his eyes as if he felt Lynda pretending. 
But in my opinion, Lynda was not that type of woman. She was just a little emotional woman. 
I patted her shoulder. “Don’t cry. He is just worrying about something.” 
“Something? Do you know that either of the outcomes can turn the table? Everything will not be the same as before. I am asking you once again, Adrian. Are you sure it?” Patric alerted me. 
“Yeah, I’m sure.” 
He nodded his head at me and left my house. 
Meanwhile, Lynda was looking bewildered. When I walked to my room to grab my phone, she trailed behind me.
“Adrian, what were you two talking about?” 
“You don’t need to know.” I replied, leaving my room after taking my phone. 
As I made my way to the door, she grabbed my arm. 
“You always do that. Do you have any idea how embarrassed I felt when you left me outside the party hall that night? What am I to you? You never ackn 
I was losing my mind, and her questions were doing nothing but producing more noise inside my head. 
“If you can’t stay with me like this, then just leave me. I won’t stop you.” 
Saying that, I opened the door. 
With a rush, she hugged me from behind. 
“Why are you saying this, Adrian? Don’t you love me anymore?” 
I had no answer to her questions. She broke the hug and moved in front of me. 
She cupped my cheeks and made me look at her. 
Her eyes turned teary, which made me feel pity for her. However, I did not feel the same way as I felt when I saw Natalia’s teary 
eve 
eyes. 
“I am an orphan. I have no one in this world except you. If you are talking about leaving me, it means taking away my life from me. Do you want me to die?” 
She moved her hands from my cheeks when she got no reply from me. She wiped her tears while sobbing. My eyes shifted to the scar on her hand. 
I shut my eyes as the past memories began to haunt me. I could not forget that, because of her, I was alive today. 
I opened my eyes and looked at her. She looked fragile to me. I had to protect her. I owe her a lot. I would have to remember that. 
“Don’t cry. I am not leaving you.” 
She hugged me as if her mood had turned bright by just hearing my words. noveldrama
After consoling her for a while, I went to my company to return to work. 
Two went by, and in order to keep myself from thinking about Natalia, I made sure to keep myself busy at work. 
Today was the day when the doctor would send me the reports. I felt an unknown contentment inside me when I thought about it. 
As my thoughts continued to wander toward them, I began to feel a growing sense of responsibility for them.
My thoughts, however, were disorganized as soon as I started thinking about Natalia. More than those children, I was thinking about her. 
It was like I was thinking about those children just because of her. I could not just forget about her. 
Her new look, appearance, confidence everything was squeezing my mind. 
During the time when I was preoccupied with my thoughts, I got a message. Upon checking my phone, I discovered that it was a message from my moth 
Today, she went to the pack hospital with my father for his checkup. 
“Harold said your father is totally fine. Lynda was also with us today in the hospital. I think she really cares for you, Adrian. She is trying her best to win your dad’s heart.” 
I locked my phone after reading the message that my mother had sent. I paid no attention to her words, as I was waiting for 
something else. 
I heard a knock on the door, and Patric entered my cabin before I could permit him. 
He also looked desperate, like me This man was my best friend. I could see it in his eyes that he cared for me and my life. 
It came to my attention that he was holding a white envelope. He handed that to me and said, 
“Here is the report. I didn’t open it. You should read it first.” 
1 gave him a nod, tore off one corner of the envelope, and took out the report from inside it. 
For the first time, I was feeling nervous about reading something. 
I opened the report, and immediately, my eyes landed on the bold red letters. 
In an instant, my brows furrowed in rage. 
“Negative?”
###Alpha 91
My inner blaze was raging with frustration. In a fit of rage, I sprang up and hurled the report to the ground. 
“I can’t believe it.” 
Patric made his way to the report, which was now lying on the floor. After taking it in his hands, he looked at it. 
He gave me a hesitant gaze. There was a clear sign of fear in his 
eyes. 
I clenched my jaw to control my anger. Because of my anger, my veins began to pop in my hands, and my blood began to boil in fury. 
I could not prevent myself from letting out a growl. 
I threw everything from the desk and kicked on my chair in anger. I was unable to believe that those children were someone else’s. 
“Adrian.” 
Patric rushed to me and grabbed my arms from behind when I was about to destroy the desk. 
I had the feeling that I would destroy everything in front of me. 
“She can’t give birth to another man’s children,” I yelled in anger. 
“Adrian, calm down. I told you before. They are not yours.” 
I snatched my hands away after hearing him. His words made me more furious. 
“Adri 
He halted when he noticed that my eyes were turning crimson. His eyes widened as he lowered his head in submission. 
“Alpha,” he muttered. 
“That woman! How dare she!” 
I shook my head as I started to look for my phone while moving things with my shoes since everything was lying on the floor. 
“Give me your phone,” I said to Patric. 
He lifted his head and asked, “What?” 
“I said give your fucking phone,” I growled at him, which made. him stand straight in fear. 
He immediately took out his phone from his pocket and handed 
it to me.
I searched for a name in the phonebook. When I found the name, I muttered, 
“Natalia.” 
As if Patric realized what I was trying to do, he held my hand. 
“Alpha, please calm down. You should not call her. It will only. make you mad.” 
“I am freaking out right now. That woman needs to answer me why she did that.” 
I knew if I called her, she would never answer my calls. So I called her from Patric’s phone, and she had received it. 
“Beta Patric?” 
11G BONUS 
Her voice echoed in the ear. I had my fingers tightly wrapped around the phone, but I eventually relaxed them because I wanted to have a conversation w 
“Why did you do that?” I asked her. 
Hearing my voice, she turned silent. 
“How could you, woman?” 
“I don’t want to talk to you any- 
I interrupted her and said, 
“I tested DNA and got the result.” 
“W–What?” 
She sounded nervous, or, I could say, frightened. 
But why? 
Why did I have a feeling that she was afraid that I would learn a truth that was still untold? 
“So you were telling me the truth? You really slept with another man when you were still married to me. How shameless a woman you are! So what if you are an Alpha’s daug 
As if something had shocked Natalia, she did not talk back. I moved the phone from my ear to see if she was still on the call. 
As I saw the phone was still connected, I spoke out again. noveldrama
“What? Lost your words to speak back?” 
Natalia cleared her throat after letting out a deep breath. 
“I am happy that you did that DNA test. Since you are now aware of the truth, please stop bothering me and my children. If you think I cheated on you in 
“How dare you tell me wha-” 
She cut the call! 
I threw the phone on the wall close to me in anger. 
Patric’s jaw dropped as I had just broken his phone. But he did not let out anything. 
After grabbing my suit jacket, I made my way to the door. Patric came up behind me and stopped me. 
“Where are you going?” 
“I’m going to hell. Do you want to accompany me?” 
He kept quiet, and I walked out of my cabin. 
When I left my company, I headed to my car. My driver rushed to the car when he noticed me and opened the back door for me. 
“Give me the keys.” 
“But Alpha-” 
I glared at him as I warned him to keep his mouth shut. I had no idea what had gotten over me. I could kill anyone who came 
across me. 
My driver handed me the car keys, and I got inside the car. As soon as I started the car, I accelerated to a high speed. 
The sound of Natalia’s voice kept replaying in my thoughts. 
That woman was messing with my mind. If I continued to feel like that, I would end up losing my position and becoming a man who is completely insane. 
It was all because of her. I felt like killing her. What if I killed her? Would I feel better at that time? 
My wolf opposed my thoughts. I almost forgot that she was my 
mate. 
I still had the right to keep her from anyone or anything. But why couldn’t I feel the bond of a mate when she was my wife? I would have tied her to that m 
If I had known that she would make me feel this torment, I would have tortured her in those two years. 
She would have to repay me for what I was experiencing. I could not let her go that easily. 
I decided to park the car at a club. When I entered the club, people stepped away from my side. 
I went to the bar directly. I sat down on a stool and then placed an order for a drink. 
One by one, I drank a lot. My mind wandered and went back to one woman. I hated myself for thinking about her.
Why could I not forget her? 
I was so wasted that completely lost count of the time. I wanted to stand up, but I paused when I saw Natalia smiling at me. She was gesturing to me to g 
“She is not Natalia.” 
БОНОВ 
I heard a voice, which stopped me from going to that woman. 
I turned my head and blinked to clear my sight. 
“Patric.” 
He sat next to me and ordered a drink for himself. 
He turned his stool in my direction and asked something, which almost made me return to my consciousness. 
“Adrian, when will you accept that you love her?” 
###Alpha 92
“What did you just say?” 
Patric’s brows shot up as he asked, 
“Weren’t you drunk a while ago?” 
“That doesn’t mean I can’t pick up your words.” noveldrama
As Patric took a sip of his drink, he pointed at someone. When I turned my head, I noticed a woman offering me a seductive grin. This time, I saw her cle 
Indeed, she was not Natalia. 
As soon as she waved at me, I gave her a stern look. The fear that she was experiencing caused her to look away from me and shift her attention to ano 
Being irritated, I shifted my stool so that it was facing the counter. I rested my head on the counter to ease my mind a little. 
“Adrian, can you listen to me?” Patric asked. 
“Bro, why can’t you just leave me? Why are you here? To disturb me? Go back to your work.” 
“Do you even know what the time is right now? It’s late at night. You had been drinking for who knows how long.” 
I did not reply to him and remained quiet for some time. 
“Those children are not yours. You should stay away from them. It’s about your position and reputation, Adrian. As a head Alpha, you can’t think of-” 
I opened my eyes, which made him stop the tracks of his words. 
He looked away from me and chugged down his drink. 
After pressing my palms against the counter, I sat straight. I looked at the bartender and ordered another drink. 
The bartender gave Patric a quick glance, as if he were inquiring about whether or not he should prepare another one for me. 
I glared at him. “Who is your Alpha? Me or him?” 
“Y–You, Alpha.” 
“Then make one for me. A strong one.” 
He was so terrified that his body shook, and he made me a drink right away. 
I grabbed the glass from him and chugged down the whole drink. 
The influence of alcohol made my mind relax, as if I were now feeling stable.
“Drinking is not a solution.” 
I gave Patric a stern look. “I am already fucked up. Don’t mess with me.” 
Patric placed the glass on the counter hard, which made a loud sound. It appeared as though the bartender felt frightened by his behavior. Patric gave the bartender the order to leave from our side of the bar. 
After nodding his head at Patric and giving me a respectful bow, the bartender moved to the opposite side of the bar, where there were other bartenders 
Patric turned his attention to me and said, 
“I’m done with your mood swings.” 
landed my brows at him. “Have you forgonen who you ar talking with 20 
Yeah Right now in front of me is not my Alpha but my best friend What’s wrong with you. Adrian? How long will you behave like this? It had been more th 
I averted my gaze from him. When I lifted the glass in my hand close to my mouth, I realized that the glass was empty. I realized I had already finished th sent the bartender to the other side of the bar. 
I glanced behind the bar and noticed many bottles. I raised my hand, and a waiter approached me. 
“Give me that bottle.” 
That man handed me the bottle and left immediately. I glanced at Patric, who shook his head in disappointment. 
I laughed at him. “What did you think? I can’t drink anymore? I am your Alpha. A few drinks can’t make me drunk 
I opened the bottle. The liquor soaked my throat as I swallowed it down. I took a few gulps from the bottle before setting it down on 
the counter. 
“So what were you saying?” I asked Patric, who looked so done with me. 
“What do you want?” he asked me directly while looking into my 
eyes. 
“I want to take revenge on her. She cheated on me.” 
“Really? Then what were you doing with Lynda? I told you a 
thousand times to stay away from that girl when you were married. I was your dad’s beta at that time. Still, I cared for your and your marriage. Your dad a in–law. He used to feel that she had the potential to become a Luna. It looks like he was right. She turned out to be an Alpha’s daughter.” 
I grabbed his collar. “Do you mean what she did was right? Did I make someone pregnant behind her back? Then who gave her the audacity to carry an 
Patric let out a sigh. “Past is past, Adrian. Since you hate what she has done, you have to move on in your life by forgetting her. She can never be with y
My hands trembled as I thought about letting Natalia leave on her own. 
Why could I not just listen to Patric? I had Lynda with me. I could have started a new life like I wanted years ago. Why did I keep thinking of that woman 
I placed my hand on my heart and clutched my shirt. I was feeling discomfort inside. I had no idea why. Was it because I had been consuming alcohol fo 
“I can’t. She is-” 
“She is no longer your wife.” 
“She is my mate. I won’t allow her to move on from me.” I muttered in a lower fone. 
Patric turned silent. I did not look at him to see his reaction. 
I stood up from my seat and tried to walk to the entrance. Patric 
rushed to me and lifted my arm to rest it around his shoulder, 
“You are drunk. I can’t let you drive. Let me drive you home,” 
I did not stop him, and I let him drop me off at my apartment, 
TIS ROHUS 
When I was lying on my bed without changing my clothing or taking off my shoes, I recalled that Natalla used to take care of these things for me whenev 
It was about many years ago. How did those memories come back to me all of a sudden? 
I closed my eyes to sleep so that I could forget everything for a few hours. 
But my eyes flung open when a giant black wolf hunted me in my dream with a pair of blue eyes. 
A distressed state of mind caused me to sit up on my bed and run my fingers through my hair. 
I did not know why, but I felt strange seeing the wolf in my dream. Only the face was visible to me in the darkness. 
It was an Alpha wolf, 
I had never seen that wolf before, not even in a war. Was that wolf any other pack’s Alpha? 
I could not help but think, 
“Who is that wolf?”
###Alpha 93
Natalia’s POV 
I did not want to listen to Adrian anymore, so I cut the call. 
The moment I removed the phone from my ear, I felt my knees shaking. I grabbed the wall close to me to take support from it and keep myself from falling. 
“He tested DNA?” 
I almost did not believe him. How could it be possible? How could it come out as negative? 
“He must be lying to me. He gets to know the truth. Now, what will I do?” I mumbled like a crazy woman while pulling my hair. 
I had no idea that Adrian would do that. I thought he believed my lies. Then how did it come to his mind? 
I left my bedroom and made my way to my children’s room. When I reached there, I saw Noah and Aria playing together. 
“Noah, can you go play with your grandma? I want to talk to your sister about something.” 
“Mommy, I want to hear that too,” Noah urged as he rushed to me and held my hand. 
I crouched down and caressed his hair. “My baby, please listen to your mommy.” 
As if he could see how distressed her mother was looking, he gave me a nod and left the room, leaving me alone with Aria. 
Aria got down from the bed and walked to me. 
-15 BONUS 
“Mommy.” 
I closed the door behind me and lifted her into my arms. 
“Baby, I want to talk about that day. Can you please tell Mommy how that man kidnapped you?” 
She shook her head. “No, Mommy. I told you before, he didn’t kidnap me. He saved me.” 
“What?” I asked in confusion. What was she saying? How did he save her? He clearly kidnapped her to blackmail me. 
“Mommy, I was in the middle of the road, and he came to save me.” 
After hearing her words, I felt startled. I hugged her immediately.
My child was running on the road when the cars were passing? What if something had happened to her? 
“Mommy, he is not a bad man. We went to eat ice cream 
together. He talked to me so well.” 
Her soft tone toward that man gave me a pang in my heart. Little did she know, she was talking about his father. 
“Aria, did he pull your hair?” 
“What? No, Mommy.” 
I was at a loss to ask her about it. I thought for a moment and asked, 
“He has your hair. Did you, by any chance, give him your hair?” 
I wanted to clarify my doubts. I assumed either Adrian was lying about the result of the report or that he had never tested it. 
Arla patted her finger on her chin for a while to think about it. Her eyes brightened as if she had memorized something. 
“That day, he told me to brush my hair because it looked messy. I used a comb in the bedroom. I think I left some hair there.” 
I was unable to believe that. How could a man be so clever? 
I put Aria down and told her to play. I assured her that I would send Noah back to her. She happily ran to the bed and started to play again. 
My mind turned chaotic. I could not see any way to think properly. My heartbeat was racing in fear. 
I waited for my brother to return to the pack house, and until then, I was living in hell every second. 
When my brother came back to the pack house, I asked for his time for a private conversation. 
He was with Eric. Since Eric was his beta as well as his best friend, he did not have any problem talking in front of him. 
“Brother, he tested DNA.” 
The moment I spoke out, his brows arched. “What did you say? DNA? How?” 
“That man turned out to be a cunning man. He trapped Aria by asking her to comb her hair. He got her hair and left our pack with it.” 
Jason clenched his jaw, indicating that he was dissatisfied with the information. 
“But-”
FIS BONUS 
“Eric, prepare everything. If he steps close to my pack for them, I will call out a war against the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
I gulped as he interrupted me. I saw flames inside my brother’s 
eyes. 
“How did you know about it?” Eric asked me. 
“He has just called me.” 
“What did he say?” 
“He said the report came out negative.” 
“What?” Both Eric and Jason let out together. 
I nodded my head in response. “That’s what he said to me.” 
“Natalia, are the twins really Adrian’s children?” Eric asked in a confused tone. 
“ERIC!” 
Jason yelled and glared at him. “How dare you ask her that? Do you think my sister is that type of woman?” 
Eric shook his head. “No. But how can DNA come out negative when he is the father of those children?” 
I stared at their depressed faces. “I think he is lying. He knows the truth, or…” 
Suddenly, my eyes widened as I realized something. I 
immediately unlocked my phone since I did not leave it in my 
room. 
“What are you doing?” Jason asked me. 
“I think one person can do that,” I replied, searching for that 
person’s number. 
When I found the number, I dialed it. 
It took two rings for the person to receive the call,
“Hello?” the person spoke out. 
“Harold?” 
“Natalia? How are you?” 
Jason looked at me as I cleared my throat and asked Harold, 
“I’m fine. I called you to ask about something.” 
“Is everything okay there?” 
“Do you know that Adrian has tested his DNA?” 
He was silent. My nerves were jangling because he was not speaking. 
To let out a sigh of relief, I wanted him to tell me that he had changed it. 
“Harold? Did you change the report?” 
I waited for his reply while glancing at Jason and Eric nervously. I could see desperation in their eyes to learn the answer. 
Then I heard Harold’s reply. noveldrama
“Yes, I was the one who changed it.”
###Alpha 94
All of my worry lessened. I made sure that Jason and Eric were able to hear him by placing the phone on the loudspeaker. 
“How did you change it?” I asked Harold. 
Harold started to tell me about that day. 
“He is our head Alpha for a reason. He was aware of the fact that I was connected to you in some way, so he chose not to inform me about it. He manag not easy to learn about it. All thanks to Lynda.” 
My brows wrinkled in shock. “Lynda? How?” 
“She was the one who called me the day when Alpha returned to the Crystal Blood pack. She inquired about a report, but I was unable to give an answe about. However, Lynda herself came to the hospital with Alpha’s parents today. She found the report, but I don’t know how. But he asked for my help. Sh 
I was quiet for some time. I had no words to say. I did not know if I should thank Lynda in my head or curse her for another conspiracy. 
“Don’t worry, Natalia. I did everything to clear up the report. I changed it, and the doctor does not even know about it. You can rest assured about it. 
“Thank you so much, Harold. I don’t know how to-” 
“Don’t. You call me your friend. If a friend can’t keep each 
other’s secret, then who world? 
Barbon walked toward me and said to Hanolid, 
“You always helped my sister. Tell me how I can help you” Harold cibucided at my brother’s words. 
“Alpha Jason, I don’t need any help. My Alpha is giving me everything, but I am too afraid of your sister’s life, so I am hiding it from him. Maybe I’m betra 
After talking with Harold, I felt blessed to have a friend him His confirmation and assurance gave my life back to me. 
“Now everything is crystal dear. Right now, you should only concentrate on your future. You don’t have to be concerned about anything at all. Regardless 
I hugged him, and he stroked my hair. I glanced at Eric, who gave me a nod. 
Two days ago, when Jason asked me about moving my life to Eric, I declined. It was not because Eric was not my type or I had a problem with him; it wa else 
I just did not want to destroy his beautiful life. 
As time passed, I refocused on my work to handle my company. 
Day by day, business made me feel superior in the field of men. It gave me the impression that I was more capable than other men. 
uggs on and garth a lot of
a dhiinus une de slith wind wiljuti & angered to: handles the noveldrama
verything was 
was able to sense that the fear 1 Bad been experiencing with Adrian had left my chest, as I konger needed to be frightened also the disclosure of the tru 
In the last few weeks, my company started to win every single deal that I placed my hand on 
Whenever the Alphas of other packs carne to meet Jason for alliance, they met me to discuss business. 
It was early morning. 
I walked to my office while looking around at the employees. 
They concentrated on their work as if they had no other reason to continue living. I believed they only pretended because they found me strict. They wou 
It was okay for me. They had their own lives, and it was not bad to work in a friendly environment, 
“Boss, your coffee. “Damia placed a cup of coffee on my desk. 
Thanks, Damia,” I replied, working on a file. 
‘Boss, why are you even taking pressure? You know you will win 
this deal,” she said proudly. 
I put the file on the desk and looked at her. “We can’t be overconfident, Damia.” 
“Yes, boss.” 
She left the cabin after taking a few files from my desk. 
The new project was very important for me and my pack. 
A conference was scheduled to take place in the next two days. All packs were preparing their projects for the deal, which would be discussed there. 
I had been working on this deal for the whole week. I had faith that I would pull off the deal. I guess everyone thought the same. 
As I worked for the whole day, I did not take any breaks. I became a workaholic woman. All I wanted to do was do business. 
I would have to make my company shine in the most positive way that was possible. 
When I was about to stand up from my chair, I heard a knock on the door. 
“Come in.” 
Eric opened the door and entered with our managing director. “What happened?”
“Miss, we have finished our work on the issues that you have instructed us to address,” the manager said to me. 
He handed me a folder and left my cabin. 
I began to review everything and try to find flaws, but I was impressed that everyone had done a great job on this project. 
#15 BOMUS 
“Natalia.” 
I looked at Eric, who looked gloomy. 
“What? Are you okay?” 
He shook his head and replied, 
“I heard from the committee that another pack is after this deal, and it’s a really powerful one.” 
D
###Alpha 95
“Another pack? Which pack?” I asked, standing up from my chair. 
Eric sighed in disappointment. “You know that I have a friend in that pack. But he is only able to provide me with information regarding the competition. It 
It seemed clear to me what he was trying to convey. He had a friend who was trustworthy and did not disclose the personal details of other people. 
“It’s okay, Eric. I believe in our project.” 
He gave me a slight nod in response. 
We left my cabin together as it was time to return to the pack house. 
I was very thankful to Eric for helping me. Not only was he working as my brother’s beta, but he was also providing assistance to me in this pack compan 
Aside from expressing my gratitude to him, I had nothing else to offer him. I wished that he would find his soul mate as soon as possible so that he could 
When I got back to the pack house, I saw my parents leaving somewhere. Right next to them was my brother, standing. 
“What’s up, Mom and Dad? Are you going to travel somewhere?” I asked, rushing toward them. 
“My dear, we are going to visit your uncle. He is very sick,” my mother said. She looked in pain. 
Her brother lived in another pack. So they would have to leave our pack for a few weeks if they wanted to go and visit him. 
“What happened to him?” I inquired. 
“His doctor is saying that he is living his last days.” 
I tried to soothe her down by giving her a hug. 
My brother told them to give him a call in the event that they required his presence there. 
Lescorted them to the entrance and remained there until they left. noveldrama
“Mommy? Where are they going?” The voice of Noah could be heard coming from behind me. 
I turned around and saw Noah and Aria approaching me. 
“They are going to visit Grandma’s brother’s house,” I said to them. 
We all entered the pack house. I was talking to Jason about my children. 
I had to go to another pack tomorrow to attend the conference. So I was worried for my babies. 
“Don’t worry. I will take care of them. They will not go out of the house. 
“Thanks, brother.”
That night, I slept with my children. I told them not to disturb their uncle and to stay with William and the maids. They gave me 
their word that they would not stir up any trouble for anyone. 
The following day, 
I went to my company to make all of the necessary arrangements regarding the project. I decided to discuss it by calling a meeting. Every single manager from each and every de 
Eric provided tickets to our managing director and financial manager to go with us. Eric and Damia would go along with me. 
In the evening, I said goodbye to my brother and babies, then headed to the airport to depart from the pack. 
It took us a total of six hours to arrive at our destination in the 
Storm Forest Pack. 
I could see many Alphas from different packs in the airport. They also came here to attend the conference. 
“I have booked the best hotel here,” Eric said to me while grabbing my luggage. 
“Beta Eric, can we get a chance to look around the pack?” Damia asked him. She looked excited. It was the first time she had left her own pack and cam 
“Sure. If your boss agrees with it, I can manage a tour. We can celebrate our victory after the party.” 
I looked at him. “After party? What are you talking about?” 
“Natalia, the Storm Forest Pack will celebrate their new agreement by throwing a party. Every single person will be invited to attend.” 
“Oh.” 
I did not want to stay, even if we won the project. The reason was my twins. After getting the deal, we would have to attend another meeting with this pac 
Men from the hotel that Eric has rented came to take us there. 
We hopped into the car and drove to the hotel where we were staying. Tonight, we were going to remain there. We would go to the conference tomorrow 
As soon as I was settled into my hotel room, I called his children. I talked to them for a while and then went to my bed. 
My thoughts were constantly wandering back to the project that I had come here to work on, even though I had closed my eyes. Obtaining this deal wou 
With this deal, I would be able to bring my pack company to the next level of development, surpassing even the most advanced packs. We would see an 
As I was thinking about everything, I heard a knock on the door. 
I did not think much and sat up. I was in a nightgown, so I wrapped a scarf around my body and proceeded to open the door. 
As soon as I opened the door, I was taken aback. I saw someone holding a large bouquet of red roses.
“Excuse me?” I asked the person because his face was hiding behind the bouquet. 
He moved the bouquet, and I noticed an unfamiliar man. 
“Miss, this bouquet is for you,” he remarked with a gentle smile 
on his face. 
“For me? I think you have come to the wrong room number.” 
He shook his head. “No, Miss. Are you not Natalia Hansley?” 
“Yes, I am.” 
“Then this is you.” 
He handed me the bouquet. I was stunned to hear him. However, when I saw his uniform, I realized that he was from this hotel. 
I thought this bouquet was supposed to be delivered to each and every CEO who would attend the conference tomorrow. 
Once I had finished thanking the man, I shut the door. 
I placed the bouquet next to the bed and got a whiff of the fragrance from it. 
‘Who gave them the idea to send roses at this hour?‘ I thought about it, and I laughed in my head. 
As I was about to go back to sleep, my eyes fell on something inside the bouquet. 
I pushed some flowers around a little bit and discovered a small card hidden inside of them. 
I opened the card and read it. 
“Wishing you the best of luck for tomorrow! But someone said you seemed overly confident about the deal. Let’s find out if anyone can shake your confid 
###Alpha 96
I stared at the card for a long time. I had no idea who sent it to 
1. me. 
It was an open challenge for me. I clutched the card and threw it in the dustbin. 
“I have seen many Alphas having problems with women who are standing beside them neck to neck. This warning is nothing to me.” 
I got back to the bed and closed my eyes to sleep. 
When I opened my eyes, it was already morning. I yawned and glanced outside the window. 
“A new day, a new challenge,” I said to myself as I got down from the bed. 
I opened my luggage and took out a dress. 
I took a shower and put on the dress. As I came out of the bathroom, my eyes drew to the red roses that were next to the bed. 
I recalled the card and what was written inside. I shrugged my shoulders to ignore it, and I wiped my hair with a towel. 
I looked at myself in the mirror. I put on light makeup and dried my hair. After getting ready to leave the room, I called Damia. She said she was also read 
gather up in the lobby area. 
We all had breakfast together and talked about our project. Later, we headed to the pack company of the Storm Forest Pack. 
“Nice to meet you, CEO Natalia.” CEO Wade greeted me. noveldrama
He was the older brother of the head Alpha, Alpha Seth Campbell. He was much older than me. I could say he was in his late forties. 
Since he and his younger brother had a huge age gap, Alpha Wade left the position to his younger brother last year. But he had not let go of his role in th 
I submitted my project to him. Eric was with me while I was discussing it with him. Damia and other managers were with me in the discussion. 
“I am impressed with your project. It can help us in every field. As always, the princess of the Blue Blood Pack never disappoints any pack with her projects,” Alpha Wade said to me. 
The appreciation was enough for me to understand that my company would get the deal. 
I glanced at Eric, who looked proud of my presentation. He smiled at me, implying we did great. 
Actually, Eric was the one who ultimately made the choice to explain our proposal to Alpha Wade after other packs. Since he got to know from his friend 
promising projects in their hands, he decided to take the last position. It helped us distract Alpha Wade’s mind from the other projects. 
He asked us about a few changes, and we agreed with them, too. 
“Thanks a lot. See you at the conference tonight! May the best company win,” Alpha Wade said to us. 
After leaving the office, I let out a deep breath. This deal essential to proving myself. I honed 
Eric patted my shoulder. “Don’t worry. We will win it. No one can do better than us.” 
I gave him a nod. Damia was excited about tonight. She said she planned where she would visit. I liked this girl. She was very sensible and a good perso 
So I promised her that after all the work was over, even if we did not get the project, we would all tour around the pack. 
When we left the company, it was already time for lunch. Eric led us to a restaurant, and we had our lunch there. 
We returned to the hotel in the afternoon. We all took time to get ready for the conference. 
I glanced at the white dress lying on the bed. 
After putting it on, I looked like a professional lady. I had to show others my strong side. I applied makeup to erase all of my tiredness and give me a prof 
While getting ready, my eyes fell on the flowers in the bouquet. 
They looked beautiful. Though someone sent it to me because they wanted to warn me, the red roses were beautiful to watch. 
I grabbed my phone and put on a pair of white heels. As I pulled my hair in a high ponytail, I turned left and right in front of the mirror to see if I looked ok 
When I felt confident with my appearance, I left my hotel room. 
Everyone met in the lobby area and headed to exit the hotel. I saw three cars standing outside the hotel for us, just like they waited 
5375 
the morning when we went to the pack company. All of our managers got in the cars, 
When I was getting inside one of them with Eric and Damia, my attention was drawn to the expensive cars on the opposite side of the street. 
I thought many head Alphas came here to attend the conference tonight, so it might be theirs. 
Our drivers started the cars, and they led the way to the venue where the conference was going to take place. 
I looked outside the window to witness the nightlife of this pack. 
This pack was renowned for its land area. The forest area covered fifty percent of their land. They always remained careful because of it. 
Who knows when any other pack will hunt after them? 
The cars arrived at the venue, and we got out of the cars.
As I entered the hall, everyone’s eyes landed on me. I could feel their excitement to have a conversation with me. I was not a blockhead who did not kno 
I walked to the hall with my head high. Eric took me to talk with some Alphas I was not familiar with. One by one, many Alphas entered the hall with their auras. 
While we were busy having conversions, we heard some noises coming from out of the door. 
When I turned back to look, I noticed that the luxury cars that I had seen parked outside the hotel a while earlier were now 
stopped outside. 
At that time, an Alpha who was talking with us spoke out, 
“Alpha Adrian has arrived!” 
###Alpha 97
Because I was not afraid to look at anyone, I did not move my eyes from the entrance of the hall. I saw the most awaited Alpha entering the hall with his 
“I must say. Alpha Adrian is not only powerful in ruling his pack but also with his looks,” another Alpha said. 
I looked away from Adrian and rolled my eyes in my head. 
‘He only has the good looks on which I lost my heart many years ago. Other than that, he is good for nothing. It’s good that I’ve ___realized it sooner and 
and sighed. 
I saw Eric looking at me. “What?” 
He shook his head and averted his gaze from me. 
What had happened to him suddenly? He was okay a while ago. 
I assumed he hated Adrian, so his mood turned gloomy. Who would not hate that man? 
When I turned my attention back to the Alphas, who I was talking with, I saw a fear in their eyes. It was because of Adrian. 
There was no doubt they wanted an alliance with the Crystal Blood Pack, but they were too afraid to extend their hand toward that pack’s head Alpha. By it. 
However, Adrian could not deny his failure. I had snatched so many projects from his hand, which really shook him and his 
company. 
BONUS 
After a while, Damia rushed to me. She was standing in a corner while holding her drinks, but when Alpha Wade talked to her, she came to me directly. 
“Boss, Alpha Wade wants to talk to you.” 
“Where is he?” I asked her. 
She pointed her finger where Alpha Wade was. I noticed him talking with a few Alphas. Everyone wanted to puff him up so that he could give their compa 
“Let’s go,” Eric said to me. 
We walked to Alpha Wade. He was in another corner of the hall. As we approached him, I felt a scent reach my nostrils. I shut my eyes to calm my wolf a 
As I smelled, I realized that my so– called mate was there. I thought for a moment and decided to go to Qadir after returning to my pack. If I told him everything about the mate bond, he mig 
“Alpha Wade.”
I stopped in front of him. I did not care who was standing there. I paid no attention to Adrian. 
I recalled how he tested his DNA with my daughter. Fate was with me because it did a miracle and helped me hide the truth through Harold. 
“CEO Natalia, I was looking for you,” Alpha Wade said to me. 
I gave him a small smile as I greeted him. “Have you met Alpha Adrian?” 
“No,” I said coldly without looking at Adrian. 
My reply astounded other Alphas around us. They had seen Adrian at my brother Alpha Jason’s party. Sotne of them even saw me standing with my family when Adrian was talking with them. So, my response 
Eric was silent, as there was nothing for him to say. 
Alpha Wade let out a chuckle. I did not know the reason behind his laugh. 
“Let me introduce you to him then. He is Alpha Adrian and Alpha, she is-” 
“The lost princess of the Blue Blood Pack? Yeah, I know her.” Adrian said as he interrupted Alpha Wade. 
I turned my head toward him after hearing his words. That time, my gaze met his. I thought I would see animosity in his eyes because of the way he talke 
But to my surprise, I could not see what I expected. In fact, he reached out his hand toward me and said, 
“Nice to see you again, Natalia Hansley.” 
I glanced at his hand and then shifted my eyes at him. I doubted his polite words. But since I was around other Alphas, I had to shake hands with him. 
As soon as my hand made contact with his, I experienced a surge of electricity within me, which compelled me to move my hand, but his hold was firm. 
I tried to break the hold, but he maintained a tight grasp on it, which the other people around me failed to notice. 
“I have heard a lot about you. In the last few months, you have 
图库 
captured all of the projects that I wanted to grab. I thought I would get angry at you whenever saw you. Nevertheless, simply glancing at you made me re to give up a few projects to someone like you. 
I was stunned after hearing him. What was wrong with this man? What conspiracy was he trying to do this time? 
However, I was not the person who would give in. 
“Alpha Adrian, nice to meet you too. But I think you admire me too much; that’s why you are not leaving my hand.”
He let go of my hand and replied, “Of course I do. You are an admirable woman.” 
I rolled my eyes. He could not make me a fool. His face was unconcerned by my reaction, as if he had no hatred for me or was talking with a foreigner. 
‘Has he lost his memory? It would be best if it’s true,‘ I thought. 
I heard Eric’s voice coming from beside me. “Does Alpha Adrian learn to speak nicely, or does he have some other intentions?” 
I turned to Eric. His eyes shone, full of hatred. I had the same feeling for Adrian. noveldrama
I held Eric’s hand to stop him from getting into an argument with Adrian. What if it was all Adrian’s plan to start a conflict in the conference? 
Adrian glanced at my hand, which was holding Eric’s hand, and then moved his eyes o Eric. 
“If there’s something I want to do, I won’t conceal it. But I believe you are a knowledgeable beta who understands the difference between assistance and 
desire what belongs to someone else.” 
###Alpha 98
I could not understand what Adrian was trying to say. I glanced at Eric to see if he had gotten the meaning. 
I noticed Eric’s eyes had darkened. I cleared my throat and said, 
“Alpha Wade, please excuse us.” noveldrama
He gave me a nod when he noticed that the atmosphere was becoming more heated as a result of the two men making dark eye contact with one another. 
I locked my arm with Eric and tugged him to the other side. While walking past Adrian, I glanced at him. He gazed at me and gave me a look. I could not 
What did he mean by assistance and possession? Did he mean about my brother’s throne? Eric was like our family. He would never betray my brother. S 
“This man is getting on my nerves,” Eric muttered, tightening his fist. 
I lifted his hand and patted over it. “Calm down. He did that intentionally. If you react to what he wants, it is only a loss for you.“. 
I tried to make him understand. He sighed and turned his head toward me. “If you want me to calm down, I will do it.” 
I was stunned by his words. I felt him placing his palm over mine. I lowered my head to look at our hands. 
“Eric, I-” 
“May I have your attention, please?” 
The loud voice coming from the speaker interrupted me. 
I realized what I was going to say to Eric. I should not talk about it with him. It was just Jason’s proposal to me. If I continuously talked about it, it might g 
“Please have your seats. We will start the conference soon.” 
Eric signaled me to the tables that were arranged close to the stage. 
Every table had a nameplate on it. Eric and I walked towards the tables. We looked around and found a table named ‘Blue Blood Pack.‘ 
Eric turned his head and looked for Damia and our managers. 
He motioned his hand for them to come to the table. They nodded their heads and made their way to our table. 
Eric pulled a chair for me. I smiled at him and sat on the chair. ” Thank you.” 
“Mention not.” 
He sat next to me. Damia took a seat on my other side.
The conference started after a few minutes. 
Alpha Wade and his secretary went to the stage. He showed his demands on the projector, which he asked for in every pack. 
“As you all know, my brother is the new Alpha of the Storm Forest Pack. I want to give him a deal 
position, which could help him rule the pack smoothly. I want film to be successful in his new journey. Please applaud our head Alpha, Seth Campbell.” 
Everyone in the hall clapped for Alpha Seth when he got on the stage. He had just arrived at the venue. 
He was a man in his early thirties. He looked humble and modest. Everyone could see the resemblance between the two brothers’s facial structures. 
“I would like to express my gratitude to each and every one of you for attending the conference. From my position as the leader of this pack, I can ensur 
Friendship between two packs is the only reason behind this deal. 
People applauded for him when he had finished his speech. His beta gestured for him to take a seat at a close table. 
I was desperately waiting for the announcement. It was an important deal in my career. I could not lose it in any way. 
My eyes moved away from the stage as I kept staring at it for a long time. 
I frowned as my eyes moved to one of the tables, which was located one table behind our table on the right side. It was the table of the Crystal Blood Pack. But it did not bothe 
“Why are you looking at me, Adrian? What’s going on in your mind? I am sure you are planning something in your head,‘ I thought without looking away from him. 
He did not break eye contact, which annoyed me. What did he 
want from me now? 
My eyes shifted to the next person sitting with him. It was Bet Patric. He was glancing at Adrian, then at me. 
I averted my gaze from them and focused on the stage. 
After discussing his pack with all the explanations, it was tim for Alpha Wade to announce the name of the pack that got th deal. 
I pursed my lips in nervousness. Eric held my hand. “Don’t b nervous. You will get the deal for sure.” 
“I don’t know. I am not feeling good.” 
“Relax, Natalia.” 
I took a deep breath and looked at Alpha Wade. He looked at all the tables with a polite smile, indicating that everyone did well, but only one could get it. 
“And the deal goes to…” He took a pause for a brief second to increase the tension in the hall.
I shut my eyes to pray in my head. My parents and Jason trusted me a lot. They gave me such a big position when I was not even a scholar in this field. If I were to lose it, it would be a serious hit to the faith that they have in me. My brother might be believing that I would help him develop the pack. I 
I was occupied with my thoughts and worries. But when Alpha Wade continued the announcement, my mind froze. 
“The deal goes to the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
Eric’s hand loosened his grip on mine. My lips parted in shock. 
How could this be able? 
* 
Adrian, would you please take the stage?” Alpha Wade 
said in a grating tone 
Everyone started to clap for the winning pack company. 
especially for the winner. 
Adrian stood up to make his way to the stage. While passing my side, he turned his head in my direction. 
I lifted my head to look at him. He smirked at me and walked toward the stage, leaving me baffled. 
###Alpha 99
“Bullshit!” 
Eric muttered in anger. His jaw clenched as he watched Adrian get on the stage. 
Alpha Seth went to greet him while shaking hands with him. 
“I can’t believe this! How can this even be possible, boss?” Damia asked me in a disappointing tone. 
All of my company managers lowered their heads. I saw defeat in their eyes, which boiled my blood. 
“Alpha Adrian, please say something,” the beta of the Storm Forest Pack said to him. 
At that time, Alpha Wade handed Adrian a bouquet of different flowers to congratulate him. 
My eyes widened as something reflected in my mind. When I shifted my gaze from the bouquet to Adrin, I noticed him smirking at me. 
I just wanted to smack on his nasty smirk. 
That time, I realized that he was the person who sent me the bouquet of red roses last night. 
Adrian looked away from me and started to speak. 
“Good evening, everyone. I, Alpha Adrian, never forget my pledges to my pack. When I became the head Alpha of my pack, my father asked me to keep pack is one of them. noveldrama
I scoffed at his fake words. This man was so fake that! 
15 BONU 
feel disgusted. I had witnessed how he behaved with his father. The way he was speaking right now was like he was an ideal son of his father. 
“We will give the Crystal Blood Pack 70% of the profits from the project.” 
Everyone’s jaw almost dropped to the floor. 
“70%?” 
I heard voices from behind me. All the Alphas were shocked that Alpha Wade was dealing with something that would only make his pack lose. It was clea 
“Yes, we will. But the Crystal Blood Pack will send us their 20% pack fighters to help us in war.” 
Everyone turned silent. 
It was no longer a project that caused a loss. There was no one who was unaware of the fact that the Storm Forest Pack was filled with dread whenever other packs declared war against anyone. That was the reason why 
everyone. All the Alphas thought this pack company would agree to give them more than 50% of the profit. However, no one had thought that he would a 
The Crystal Blood Pack was one of the biggest packs and had a large number of pack fighters. Providing their fighting power meant a chance to lose their own pack’s power. 
Suppose someone sent people to help a pack. What if the rival pack attacks your pack at the same time? 
“No one can think like Alpha Adrian.‘ 
“We can not even think about protecting other packs.” 
“This is the reason why he is the ruler of the largest pack.” 
Other Alphas praised Adrian’s ability to think and his fearl attitude. 
My eyes were fixed on the man who stood tall and proud on t stage. 
“How do you feel about the deal?” the beta asked Adrian. 
“I can’t say it’s nothing to me. This deal was equally importa to me, just like Alpha Wade. The reason is not about my pack company.” 
“Then what is it?” 
Adrian’s eyes met mine as he replied, 
“Someone thought snatching a few projects could give her th power to pull me down. I just want to show that person who ca shake her confidence.” 
I glared at him. His every word was directed to me. I recalled what he had written on the card. 
He planned to get this project just to break my enthusiasm in the business world? 
I could feel others’s gazes on me. Everyone knew who he was talking about. The person who dared to snatch the projects from him was me. 
I could not show others what I was feeling right now. I let out a deep breath and tried to calm myself. 
“Jason is right. He is a bastard,” Eric whispered to me in anger 
+15 B 
He had also put his effort into this project. In fact, everyone di equally hard work. It was not only my loss but also that of my employees, who worked day 
“I guess your friend was right. Someone was after the deal, an finally, he has got it,” I mumbled to Eric. 
I looked around and saw other Alphas eyes still on me. 
I turned my head to the stage to meet Adrian’s gaze again. Hi eyes were inquiring about my feelings about his winning. 
I did not let him see what he wanted. In fact, I was the first one to clap for him. Following me, everyone began to clap. 
‘Boss,” Damia mumbled.
“Damia, we should show sportsmanship. Let the winner be happy with the deal.” 
Damia nodded her head and clapped with dissatisfaction. 
After the conference, many Alphas came to me and praised me for how I did not show any hostility toward the Crystal Blood Pack. They said I was just li 
Dinner was a buffet that Alpha Wade arranged for us. During dinner, everyone engaged in conversation with one another. I avoided Adrian the whole tim 
Considering that it was already late, Eric wanted all of us to go back to the hotel. I attempted to place the drink on a table that I was holding while giving 
“I’m coming from the washroom in a few mis 
outside. 
Eric agreed with me, and I made my way to the washroom. 
After washing the stains from the drink and rubbing them with tissue on my dress, I left the washroom. 
When I was heading to the entrance, a voice stopped me. 
“Won’t you congratulate your rival, Natalia Hanseley?” His voice was full of mockery. 
He walked toward me from behind and turned to me to stop my way. 
I scoffed and lifted my head to look at him. 
“Congratulations, Adrian Miller. You successfully saved one project from scratching away.” 
He looked indifferent to my words. 
I paid no attention to him and tried to walk past him. He stepped in my way to stop me again. 
His eyes roamed around my face, which made me give him a cold look. 
His devilish smirk returned to his face as if he were taking satisfaction from my reaction. 
“Why are you so angry, woman? One failure can’t make you weak, can it?”
###Alpha 100
I stared at him with displeasure This man had nothing to do in his life except mocking me. There were so many women in every pack who had ex– husbands, but their situation was not like 
mine. It was because my ex husband was the head Alpha of another pack. Since I was an Alplia’s daughter, I had to run into him in different situations an 
Adrian did not break eye contact, I could not read his eyes, just like I was never able to read many years ago. Why was he so unpredictable? What was 
“Natalia?” 
The voice of Eric could be heard coming from behind Adrian. After moving away from me, Adrian turned his attention to Eric. 
Eric gazed at him and then at me. “What are you doing here? Everyone is waiting outside for you.” 
Adrian scoffed at him. “Can’t you see two CEOS talking? How can you interrupt us? Where are your manners, Beta Eric?” 
“One of the CEOS isn’t worth talking to, so I came to take another away from wasting her time,” Eric said with a grin. noveldrama
Adrian scowled at him. He shook his head as if he were very disappointed. “So unprofessional!” 
“Yes, I am.” 
I looked at the two men mocking and taunting each other by their replies. I sighed and walked past them. I had no time for any argument or their savage 
1 wallout out and invloed at our eats, Damia took out her hand ou of the window of a ear, waving at the tow toward W. 
I proceeded to the ear and wat inside. The driver waited for Erie to return so that he could start the ear 
I glanced at the door of the hall and noticed Brie coming out, it looked gloomy, I could understand him. After talking with Adrian Miller, anyone’s mood cou 
Brie got in the passenger seat beside the driver and to edto ginner at me. Then he returned his gaze to the road. The driver started the ear and headed to the 
“Boss, are you okay?” Damia asked, peeking at me, 
“Why did you ask that?” 
“You really wished for this deal. So I’m just asking” 
“I’s okay, Damia. That pack’s project may be better than ours,, that was why they got it. There are so many employees who 
worked for it in their company. So we should not take it as our defeat, We can try our best next time,” 
Damia looked stunned after hearing me. “Boss, you are so thoughtful and kind. I am so proud of you,” 
1 chuckled and patted her hair. I turned to look outside. Though I was saying that to her, I could not deny that I was hurt. It was not because of my hard w
When Larrived at the hotel, I went directly to my hotel room. I called my brother to ask for forgiveness from him. 
“Brother, I am so sorry. I could not get the deal.” 
“My baby, why are you so sad? A deal can’t make you weak.” 
I was frozen by his words. How did he say the exact word Adrian had said to me? Jason was saying these to motivate me, but what was Adrian’s purpose in saying them? 
Was he also trying to encourage me? 
No way. There was no way in the world that I could ever trust that man. I carried on with my conversation with my brother over the phone. 
“What about Mom and Dad? How is Uncle’s health right now?” 
“They are in Uncle’s pack. Uncle’s health is critical. I can say he is on the edge of death.” 
I felt shaken in my heart. There was no difference in age between my father and my uncle. Therefore, the mere thought of something like that could happ 
important to me. No matter how old they were, I did not want to lose any of them. My desire was for them to remain by my side. forever. 
When I had finished my conversation with my brother, I felt a sense of relief. I was so grateful that I was blessed with a brother like Jason. He loved me l 
The next morning, talked to my twins. The promise that they made to me was kept, and they did not cause anyone any trouble. I wanted to promise them 
However, I remembered what I promised another person. I could 
not break her heart. As I promised Damia to go with her to tour around the Storm Forest pack, I told Eric to manage everything for today. 
But Eric said Alpha Wade invited us to his success party a few minutes ago. 
“Do you want to go there? It’s not our party.” Eric asked me. 
“If I stay in his pack and do not go to the party, everyone would think that I am jealous of Adrian. They don’t know our past, so it’s easy for them to assum to show them that we are not that weak to be upset by a single deal.” 
Eric looked amazed. “When does this innocent girl become so strong? Your heavy words are driving insane.” 
me 
I laughed at his words. He said he would go to the party in the evening. I returned to my hotel room and spent the whole day with my babies via video call. 
When it was time for me to leave for the party, I got ready. I looked at myself in the mirror and took a deep breath. 
I thought about the ruthless man and his gaze; it made my heart turn cold.
“If I have to be a stone–hearted woman, I will be. But I will never let you win over me, Adrian.” 
D
###Alpha 101
Adrian’s POV 
I had to spend the whole day in a meeting with Alpha Wade. There was a discussion that was held in the meeting room. We had signed the papers to se 
Alpha Wade was happy with the project. People believed that I had gotten the deal. However, the reality was that Alpha Wade was the one who ended up getting the deal from me. I allowed him to take the opportunity to save his pack from any wars by proving my pack fighters to his p 
“Thank you so much, Alpha Adrian. It’s a great opportunity to work with you. I hope you will take care of my younger brother.” 
“Sure,” I replied, glancing at Alpha Seth. He looked calm and 
calculative. Though he was older than me, he was younger than my experience. 
When the meeting was over, Alpha Wade invited me to the success party. 
“I don’t want to attend the party,” I told Alpha Wade directly. 
I was not in the mood to attend any party. This project could be a dream for many packs but not for me. So, I did not have the excitement to celebrate the deal. 
“Oh, I apologized for throwing a party without your approval. It’s a little party among the CEOs of pack companies. I have already invited them, and they all accepted the invitation.” 
I paused my thoughts when I heard him say, ‘All‘. 
“Is she also coming?” I muttered, which he heard clearly. 
“She? Who?” Alpha Wade asked me. 
Patric was sitting beside me, so he chuckled and let out. “He is talking about CEO Natalia.” 
Then Patric gave me a look, which I paid no attention to. Alpha Wade laughed after hearing him. 
“Of course she is coming. Beta Eric informed me that Miss Natalia has accepted the invitation and will be there in time.” 
I raised my brow in thought. ‘Is she not heartbroken? How can she come to the success party?‘ 
“I can say one thing. If you hadn’t presented us with your deal after her, we would have almost given the deal to her pack company. She is quite brilliant, and she knows how to bargain. She has a bright future.” Alpha Wade praised her. 
Alpha Seth nodded his head. “By the way, I couldn’t believe it when I heard Alpha Jason has a sister. I heard from others that she grabbed the position in 
I turned my head toward Alpha Seth. His brows shot up when he noticed me gazing at him.
Alpha Wade spoke out to his brother. “Alpha Adrian admires her a lot, Seth. I think it’s more than admiration. So it will be better if you take your eyes away from her.” 
Alpha Seth gave him a nod. “I didn’t know Alpha Adrian was chasing her. If I had known, I would have never looked at her.” 
Patric cleared his throat. He got to his feet and patted my 
shoulder. “Alpha, we have something to discuss. Let’s go back to 
+15 (ONUS 
the hotel.” 
I stood up from my seat and gave Alpha Wade a nod. I ignored Alpha Seth and left the pack company with Patric. 
“Bro, you have just ignored this pack’s head Alpha,” Patric said, shaking his head. 
“He doesn’t deserve my greeting. 
“Why? Just because he was talking about Natalia Hansley?” Patric asked, rolling his eyes. 
I glared at him. He did not stop and continued. 
‘Come on, Adrian. It has been so many weeks since you tested your DNA with her daughter and learned the result. You said that you hated her. Then wh 
“I am not answerable to anyone, “I muttered while looking away from him. 
It was true that I had been observing her every step. The deal was. just a way for me to see her again. I did not know why, but I could. not throw her out 
“You know she is the mother of children from another man. As a head Alpha, you can’t accept another man’s children.” 
I heard Patric’s words from beside me. I clenched my jaw when I listened to his remarks. 
“I have never thought about it,” I replied to him. 
“Oh, please. Stop lying to yourself, Adrian. You love that woman. Otherwise, no fool would follow his ex– wife, even if they were aware that she had a new boyfriend. So, having someone else’s 
-15 BONUS 
children was too far-” 
With a scowl on my face, I turned to look at him. It interrupted him. 
“Can you just shut the fuck up? How long will you keep reminding me about her children?” 
“Why do you want to forget it? You should know what path you are taking. Don’t tell me you are so in love that you are ready to accept her twins.” 
I growled at him. The driver got frightened by my sudden growl and pulled up the car in the middle of the road.
I opened the door and left the car. I shut the door loudly and grimaced at Patric through the window. 
“Stop cooking up stories, Beta Patric. I don’t love her. I have a deep hatred in my heart for that woman. The earlier you. 
understand it, the earlier it will be better for you. Now go back to the hotel without me. Don’t follow me.” 
I turned around and walked to the street. The car was still there without moving. Due to the fact that other vehicles were honking their horns, the driver was forced to restart the car. 
I ignored the world around me. People kept looking at me when I was passing them. I was losing my mind. 
Suddenly, a girl bumped into me. I looked at her and guessed that she was a college student. 
“So sorry, Mister.” She apologized. 
I gave her a nod and walked past her without giving her a second glance. 
“He is so handsome! Why didn’t he turn to you to look at you again? You are the most beautiful girl in this pack.” I heard another girl say that to the girl I noveldrama
Beauty did not matter to me. I was not a womanizer anyway. In fact, although Lynda was quite attractive, I never slept with her. 
There was another reason behind it. 
I could not just look at her the way I used to look at someone else. 
At that time, my wolf spoke up to me. 
“Just accept it. You fell for your mate.” 
BIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you
###Alpha 102
My phone began to vibrate within my pocket as soon as I walked into the hotel entrance. For the past few hours, I hadn’t paid any 
attention to it. 
After a brief glance, I noted that Beta Eric was having a 
conversation with one of their managers in the lobby area. He did. not notice me at all. After getting into the elevator, I made my way to my room at the h 
I was staying in the same hotel where the people from Blue Blood Pack were staying. They were not aware of it. 
When I entered the room, my eyes were drawn to a man who was sitting on the couch and making a phone call. 
The man rose up and turned his attention to me. 
“Adrian, where were you?” 
“Why are you in my room, Patric?” I asked, walking to the closet. 
“Bro, are you even serious? This is not our pack. You are a head Alpha. What if someone attacks you? I was losing shit just because of you.” 
I turned my head at him. “Your Alpha is able to fight off any assault that comes his way. Don’t freak out. 
I retrieved a suit from the closet and strolled to the bathroom. 
‘How can I not worry? My Alpha is not in his right state of mind. He is in lov-” 
I glared at him to shut his mouth. He raised his hands to 
surrender himself. 
I moved my gaze away from him and entered the bathroom. I heard him shouting from outside the bathroom. 
“You are regretting your divorce.” 
“Fuck off, Patric.” 
After a while, the sound of the closing door reached my ears. While I was in the shower, I let out a sigh and closed my eyes. 
During that time, I was in a conflict with both myself and my wolf. It was impossible for me to agree with anything that Patric was saying. It was not possible. I could not think like this. noveldrama
Suddenly, Natalia’s face reflected in my mind, and I opened my eyes. As I lifted my head to feel the icy water fall over my face, I ran my fingers through m 
I left my hotel room after wearing the suit and putting on my shoes. When I strolled past the door to Patric’s room, my thoughts were all over the place.
I left the hotel and entered my car. Due to the fact that I signed the deal with this pack, I need to come here rather frequently. Because of this, I decided 
one. 
I gave my driver instructions to go to the location where the party was supposed to take place. 
It would take half an hour to reach the venue. When I got out of my car, people in the area looked at me with curiosity. 
Disregarding their gazes, I walked inside the hall. 
The hall was decorated with orchid flowers. The chandelier was the floor banging low so that its light illuminated 
-15 BONUS 
the whole place. 
I noticed the CEO of many pack companies came with their people. I could see many women who were not present at the conference yesterday. 
I guessed that Alphas came here along with their wives or girlfriends. 
Alpha Seth came to greet me, trying to apologize as if he felt that I was angry at him. 
I did not argue with him. Why would I? I did not care who thought about that woman. 
However, the next moment, my belief turned into a lie when my eyes fell on the woman who had just entered the hall. 
Her stunning body hugged her maroon gown. It was a sleeveless and backless dress. There was no scar on her arms or any flaw in 
her beauty. 
“Miss Natalia has come to the celebration! She is really an extraordinary lady,” people started to talk about her. 
“Mine,” my wolf growled inside. 
I looked away from Natalia, though my eyes did not want to leave her body. 
I turned my attention back to Alpha Seth, who was looking at Natalia. I raised an eyebrow while looking at him. He realized my gaze and turned to me slo 
“I was just looking. Don’t take it seriously.” 
I averted my gaze from him. He was one of the Alphas with whom I made an alliance. I did not want to make him frightened 
of me. 
I made my way to the bar and placed an order for a drink. My gaze was fixed on Natalia the entire time.
“Stop thinking about something that can’t happen, Alpha Adrian. She is not yours anymore.” 
I heard a voice beside me. I turned to look at the person. 
“Beta Eric,” I muttered and lifted my glass. “Enjoy your drink.” 
I did not pay much attention. He was just a beta of another pack in front of me. I could bet that he was not even powerful like Patric. What was the point had not been my ex–wife, he and his Alpha would have come to approach me very politely with the intention of forming an alliance with me. 
“Cheers,” he said, and then shifted his focus to Natalia, which, was something that I did not like when he did so. 
“You all lied to me about her children. They are not yours,” I said, sipping my drink. 
“Not yours either,” he replied mockingly. 
My hold on the glass became more firm; nonetheless, I was able to maintain enough control over my pressure so that it did not 
-break. 
I was quiet, as I had no words to reply to his remarks. He was right. They were not my children. 
‘Alpha Adrian, this is not a warning but rather an alarm from my side. Stay away from Natalia. She doesn’t have anything to do 
with you anymore. She likes me, and I love her. We have a future ahead, which Jason has already fixed.” 
I gave him a frown. “You are lying.” 
He chuckled and shook his head in disagreement. “I am not. You can ask her.” 
I scoffed at him. “Of course. It is clear that you have a desire to be with her. This woman is the sister of your head Alpha. That is the reason why you are 
“I love her. I don’t care who the father of the children is. I raised them with my hands. At the time of their birth, I was with them. I will be their father and g my name.” 
I felt a twitch in my heart. I did not like his words, or I could say I did not like how he wanted to be with that woman. 
“If that’s the case, why is Alpha Jason not announcing anything about you both?” With the expectation that he was lying, I questioned him. 
He shrugged his shoulders and replied calmly, 
“She said to her brother that she wants to focus on her career right now. But I will take care of her in the future. She knows her brother’s thoughts. The w 
D
###Alpha 103
I tightened my fists after hearing him. I wanted to kill this man right here. 
‘How dare he think something like that?‘ 
Just before I could raise my hand on him, someone grabbed my fist and said, 
“Alpha, I was looking for you.” 
“Not you again.” I glared at Patric as I said it. 
Did he keep a watchful eye on me everywhere? How could he come to stop me in every situation? 
“I am your beta. I know how to take care of my Alpha,” he said to me in a hushed tone, turning to Beta Eric. 
“Hello, Beta Eric.” 
They shook hands with each other like professional men. I kept glaring at Patric when he excused Eric. 
“How dare you come between me and that deviant man?” 
“Deviant man? Have you gone crazy? Thank me later for 
stopping you earlier. You almost killed him. Do you think he will stay alive if you claw him?” 
I looked away from him and shifted my gaze to Eric, who walked to Natalia. 
“How can she even choose someone like him?” 
“Then who should she choose? You?” 
I grimaced a 
He laughed at my stern look. 
“You are not afraid of me, are you?” I asked. 
“I know you will never hurt the people close to you.” 
“You are overconfident. Can’t you see how I broke someone’s confidence last night? You don’t want to be the second.” 
For some reason, he appeared unconcerned, which irritated me. He did not respond to my warning in any way. Everyone was afraid of me except him. H 
As the party began, I enjoyed my drinks in the bar. My eyes kept wandering around the hallway, and they eventually made their way to a specific person.
unt 
Every time someone came up to her, she flashed an upbeat smile. I wondered where she hid this smile when she talked to me. She 
consistently ignored me as if I were her enemy. 
I saw her talking to Alpha Wade. Unexpectedly, he caught my eye, looking at Natalia. He smiled and waved at me. I gave him a nod. 
He said something to one of his men, who hurried to me. 
“Alpha Adrian, Alpha Wade is asking if you could join him.” 
I looked at Natalia, who was still with Alpha Wade. I stood up from the stool and walked to them while holding a glass of wine. 
“Alpha Wade,” I greeted him. Then, my attention was drawn to the woman who was standing next to him. 
She was absolutely stunning—an entrancing scenario of beauty. 
But Alpha Wade stopped her by saying 
a leave my side 
“Natalia, my dear, where are youging? Won’t you congratulatie 
His to shocked the Though Alpha Wale was younger flan Metallian’s fathers, her spekter ka hans to a fatturally tour. I sncalland that he had a daught to N 
by her first 
ser 
here 
*Congratular?ma, Mpha Adrian, “batalla said willandi fosting at 
I was feeling thate?. Why was she trying to avoid looking at mer? Was it on gurguser that the court agreater murd 
“la le Bercanter of one grogers Woven air meallly atsanger natuKNA, Sher Besed must me project, I 
anything to h?n, but when I just got one, she was mad at me? thought 
“Chania, Mine Saying 
goes with any 
lone. But Foonid not get my mas viens from face noveldrama
we turned A 
We all handa komade entre sound & young lady
female 
Apa de Schede gris plate her has “yes, 
2. They calle Bass with nikS 
head Swing the g 
“Let me introduce you to some powerful people. She is Natalia Hansely. She can be your mentor. It is remarkable how much she has accomplished in th age.” 
Natalia smiled at her when Alpha Wade’s daughter, Tyra, shook her hands with her. 
“And this is someone you know. You must have heard a lot about him. He is Alpha Adrian.” 
Tyra turned to me and looked shocked. 
“You!” 
I could not understand her reaction. “May I know you?” I asked her. 
“How can you forget me? We bumped into each other today, remember?” 
I realized she was the girl I bumped into when I walked down the street today. 
I glanced at Natalia, who was looking at me. 
I smirked and said to Tyra, “Oh, yes. You are that beautiful girl.” 
Tyra blushed after hearing me. Wasn’t it what her friend was telling her? She was young and the most beautiful girl in her pack. 
But in my eyes, the woman who was standing behind her was more fascinating. 
As I complimented another girl, I noticed that Natalia appeared uninterested, as if she did not care. 
“She is my only daughter. But she always stays with his uncle. 
Seth said he wanted her to be with him in the pack company.” 
Tyra bowed to me all of a sudden and said it with a soft tone. 
“I am new in this field. I heard you will help our pack from now on. I hope you will take care of me as well.” 
My brows almost lifted in surprise. Did I praise her much more than was needed? To what end was she acting in such a manner? 
Natalia turned to Alpha Wade and murmured, “Excuse me,” before moving over to the opposite side. 
Why was she not bothered with my actions?
I strode to her and grabbed her wrist. She was startled by my sudden action. 
“What are you doing?” 
I did not reply to her, and I began to pull her along with me. I had no idea where I was heading, but I wanted to talk to her. The feeling of desperation that 
“Adrian, what’s wrong?” She asked with a low tone since she did not want to grab others‘ attention while passing them. 
I walked past a few blocks and brought her to a corner, which was a little far from the hall. 
As I pressed her against a wall, I asked her, 
“Why are you acting as if you don’t care?”
###Alpha 104
Natalia’s POV 
I was baffled by Adrian’s question. I looked into his eyes and noticed rage. There was a turmoil of reaction that could be seen in his behavior. 
“What do you mean?” I asked him. 
He tried to move toward me, but I pushed my hand against his chest and prevented him from approaching me. 
“Don’t come near me. I am feeling disgusted.” 
His body froze as he let out a low growl. “Disgusted by what?” 
“By you.” 
I observed that his jaw was tightening, as if he was trying to keep his wrath under control. 
“What do you want, Adrian? Why do you keep bothering me? 
Didn’t we talk with each other on the phone last time? You said you hated me, and I accepted it. In fact, our feelings are mutual. Now let me go.” I tried to 
However, he did not like my words. He grabbed my hand and moved it away from his chest. 
I used the other hand to make an attempt to shove him. Therefore, he grabbed that hand as well and pinned both of my hands over my head. 
My eyes widened because of his actions. “What are you doing?” 
He lowered himself to my level and gazed directly into my eyes. Why is that? Why is it that you hate me so much? Wasn’t it just 
supposed to be me?” 
I assumed my words hurt his ego. He wanted to be the man who would hate me. If I hated him back, that meant I had some 
rights, too. In his eyes, only he had every right to hurt me, hate me, or insult me. If, on the other hand, I were to make an effort to carry out any of these a 
“A man like you is deserving of nothing but my hatred. If it hurts your ego, that also doesn’t matter to me,” I said coldly as I composed myself. 
I did not show him what he wanted. He wanted to see the weak Natalia, who used to beg him for everything. I was not that 
woman anymore. 
There was not a word coming from Adrian’s mouth as he 
continued to stare at me. I had no idea why he brought me here or what was on his mind. 
All of a sudden, I was taken aback by the rapid change in his black eyes, which became softer. It might be an illusion.
“I think we-” 
I was interrupted when he tilted his head and moved his mouth toward my neck. 
When his nose came close to brushing against my neck, I parted my lips. I tried to break free of his grip on my hands. 
He sniffed at my neck as he closed his eyes. I struggled to move away from him. 
When I saw there was no way to break free, I lifted my leg in to kick in between his legs. But that cunning man was able to 
predict my next move. 
5 
It came as a complete surprise to me when he pressed his body against mine and raised his thigh between my legs, coming 
dangerously close to touching my core. 
“Adrian! What the hell are you doing?” I yelled at him. 
The area was silent, so my yell reverberated across the area. There was no one who could save me from this devil. 
He moved his face from my neck to my face. 
“You are a pervert!” I remarked to him while giving him a hostile look. 
As his gaze wandered across my face, he sent a sneer in my direction. 
“Since you hate me, let me give you some reason to hate me more.” 
“What do you me..aahh!” noveldrama
Once more, he moved his mouth to make contact with my neck. This time, he kissed my neck. 
My body turned numb at the touch of his lips. I shook my head when I realized what he was doing. I tried to push him, but it only caused my breasts to sq 
When he began sucking my skin, I bit the bridge of my bottom lip. 
“Let me go, you bastard!” 
As if my voice were not audible to him, he paid no attention to it. 
I wanted my wolf to take over me and shove this man since my strength was not enough to fight against him. 
However, my wolf refused me. She wanted her mate close to her. 
EMS
She liked whatever he was doing. 
“The moment you leave me, no one can save you from me. I will kill you,” I warned him and stopped struggling. 
He paused and moved before kissing my neck for the last time. 
After taking a step away from me, he removed his hands from mine. 
When he finally let go of my hand, I immediately lifted it to slap him. Nevertheless, he grabbed my hand and twisted it behind my back before my palm co close to touching his cheek. 
“Are you angry?” he asked, looking like a devil. 
Taking a quick look at my neck, he lifted his hand and gently stroked my skin with his thumb at the same time. I let out a hiss as I experienced a slight pa 
“Perfect!” he muttered. 
I frowned at him. “Have you lost your mind?” 
“Hmm,” he murmured and returned his gaze to me. 
“You can’t do this all the time just because you are the head Alpha of a big pack. Are the other women a plaything to you? Whenever you want, you can’t 
He did not get mad. He stared at me for a while and replied, 
“But you are not any other woman. You are my woman.” 
I was stunned by his words. “W–What?” 
He let go of my hand and looked away from me, as if he were not supposed to say that. 
He cleared his throat and replied, 
“I mean, you are my mate. So I have all the rights over you.” 
I glared at him. “You crossed your line today. I will ruin you, Adrian Miller.” 
“By how? Snatching projects?” 
“Shut up. Don’t come near me again. I will tell your girlfriend about it.” 
Hearing about Lynda, his expression changed as if he had almost forgotten about her. 
I sneered at him. Immediately, he smirked at me, which caused me to purse my lips. 
Who was the man in front of me? I had never seen him this way. He had never behaved like this. 
“Last time, whoever uploaded our photos of the council party, I liked the idea. So I thought, “Why don’t we make another breaking news tonight?”
I narrowed my eyes. “What did you just say?” 
He glanced at my neck and then winked at me. 
“You also have my hickey now. Everyone will get new gossip tomorrow. Be ready for that.”
###Alpha 105
Adrian left, leaving me in shock. I touched my neck and rubbed. my finger over the skin, which turned swollen. 
I rushed to the door close to where I was standing. I opened the door and saw that it was a private room. I dashed over to the bathroom attached to it. 
The moment my eyes fell on my neck in the mirror, I gasped and covered my mouth in shock. 
Indeed, there was a hickey on my neck! 
“Adrian Miller, you’re just a scoundrel,” I muttered while looking at the hickey. 
“How will I conceal it? How? My bag is not with me. I can’t go outside like this.” 
I pulled my hair in anger. I was getting so angry at him that I wanted to break the mirror in anger. 
I took a deep breath and tried to calm myself. Even if I thought about a solution, I could not find it. I was wearing a sleeveless and backless dress. There 
I placed my hands on the counter of the sink and cursed Adrian 
Miller. 
“Who knows what got over him? Why does he look so strange? Since yesterday, he has started to behave weirdly. How dare he touch me?” 
After a while standing there, I heard someone knocking on the bathroom door. 
“Boss, are you inside?” 
“Damia!” 
I immediately opened the door and saw her at the door. 
“Thank God you are here. Eric sent you to me, didn’t he?” 
“Boss, I wa-” 
“It’s okay. Give me my purse.” I said, grabbing my bag from her hand. 
I did that hurriedly so that she could not see the mark on my neck. However, it was too late. 
“Boss, your neck!” 
“I–I got hurt.” 
“Boss, that looks like…” she paused as she glanced at me.
I closed the door in embarrassment. 
‘Adrian Miller, I just hate you.‘ 
I opened my purse and took out the concealer, which helped me hide the scar on my hand. I always take it with me, so even if the scar became visible b 
With the help of the concealer, I was able to hide the hickey. 
When I went out of the bathroom, Damia stood up from the bed. 
“Boss, are you okay?” 
“I am totally fine. Let’s go.” 
Damia did not ask anything and followed me behind. 
I prayed in my head that no one had noticed Adrian and me together going somewhere. It would create fake rumors like 
before. I did not want to ruin my brother’s reputation. 
When I came into the hall, I saw everyone was calm, and no one was talking about me or Adrian. 
I let out a sigh of relief and walked to Eric. He turned to me and asked, 
“Where were you?” 
I frowned at him. Wasn’t he the one who sent Damia after me? 
I turned to Damia, who shook her head. I returned my attention to Eric and replied, 
“I went to use the washroom.” 
“Do you want to have some drinks?” 
“No, thanks. Can we leave right now?” 
“Why?” 
“I’m not feeling well.” 
Eric held my hand and asked, 
“What happened to you?” 
I glanced at my hand and remembered how Adrian had pinned. them a while ago. 
I looked away from my hand, and my gaze fell on the man sitting on the bar. He lifted his glass to show me a winning look.
I glared at him, which did not go unnoticed by Eric and other people around me. 
“I’m leaving,” I said, turning around to leave. 
“I’m coming with you.” Eric followed me behind. 
Damia also walked with me to the car. She hurriedly opened the door for me, and I got in the car. She sat beside me and glanced at Eric, who was in the passenger seat. 
“Should we consult a doctor?” Erie asked, turning his head toward me. 
I shook my head. I was fuming in anger. I had no idea why Adrian did that. I lifted my hand and touched my neck, then balled my fist. 
He might have wanted others to see that mark so that he could ruin my reputation in front of others. But I was lucky enough that Damia came to the room 
When we arrived at the hotel, I was the first one to get out of the 
car. 
I looked at Eric. “Goodnight.” 
 
“Let me walk you to your room.” 
“It’s okay. I can go by myself.” 
Eric did not stop me, as he saw I was not in the right mood. noveldrama
When I was heading to my room, I heard Damia calling out. 
“Boss.” 
I stopped walking and turned to her. She approached me and said, 
“I wanted to tell you that, I….” she paused. 
I was confused. “You what, Damia?” 
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “It was not Beta Eric but Alpha Adrian who sent me to you in that room.” 
I was stunned by her utterance. “Adrian? Why did he send you?” 
“He said you needed my help, so I went to you at that time.” 
Her words made me more confused. Didn’t Adrian want to humiliate me in front of others? Wasn’t it the only reason to do all of this? Then why did he se
I gave Damia a nod, and she hurried to her room. 
I entered my room with a bewildered mind. After changing my clothes, I touched my neck while thinking about how shameless Adrian was. Did he want t 
I tried to ignore everything and went to bed to sleep. I wanted to calm down my boiling blood. 
When I opened my eyes, it was early in the morning. 
As I sat up on the bed, I noticed my phone begin to vibrate. I grabbed it to check. 
My eyes widened when I saw the recent breaking news. 
“There seems to be a developing relationship between Alpha Adrian and Sophia Hansely. They were spotted together at the party for the Storm Forest P
###Alpha 106
In a state of worry, I rubbed my forehead. 
“Adrian Miller, I despise you so much,” I murmured in a frustrated tone. 
In order to destroy my reputation, he planned this entire tactic. 
How could he spread such cheap news in public? Did he not care. about his sweetheart? Or did he think she would not get the news? 
The thought occurred to me, and I couldn’t help but smirk. I dialed a number. 
“Hello?” a young woman spoke out. 
“Where is your boss? Give her the phone.” 
When the woman heard me, she was taken aback. 
“Who are you?” 
“She knows me.” 
The woman handed her phone to her boss. It was then that I heard the voice of the person that I had been hoping to hear. 
“Who’s speaking?” 
“Your shameless boyfriend’s ex–wife,” I replied with a grin, as if she could see me. 
Lynda was quiet for a brief moment. I assumed she could not understand how I got her maid’s number. 
That day, when she proved me wrong in front of Adrian and his parents, I inspected the number from which she sent me at message. It was his maid’s number. She was not as clever as I 
thought. She did not tell her maid to change the number. 
However, I did not tell Adrian about it either. I felt that both of them deserved each other. 
“Why do you call me?” Lynda asked, breaking the silence. 
“I think you haven’t read the latest breaking news yet.” 
“What news?” 
“The news about your boyfriend being busy pulling another woman with him.”
“What nonsense! Why would he do that?” 
My response was mocking, and I responded with a chuckle, saying, “He said he wanted to make news with me.” 
“Impossible! He can’t do that. Adrian can never want anything from you. Not after the re…” she paused. 
“Report? What report are you talking about, Lynda?” I asked, shaking my head. It seemed obvious to me what she was going to 
say. 
“N–Nothing.” 
“Wait a minute. Are you perhaps talking about the DNA test that someone changed? Let me guess, was that you?” 
“Natalia, I can’t believe you have the audacity to accuse me of something like that. You have children with another man. Don’t try to change the truth.” 
Her statements caused me to become furious. “And still, your boyfriend came to me last night. I think you can’t satisfy him properly. That’s why he wants 
“How dare you!” 
“Ask this question to your boyfriend. Take my advice and wrap your fingers around him as early as possible. Because if I slip in his charms, you know I c 
“Don’t you dar-” 
I did not let her complete her statement and cut the call. As I thought about what I had said to her, I couldn’t help but scoff. 
I did not have any intention to be with that man again. I only told. those things to Lynda to terrify her. 
There was no doubt that she would blackmail Adrian emotionally and keep him preoccupied with her. The only thing I could hope for was that after this, Adrian would never show up to me again. 
After throwing the phone onto the bed, I walked to the bathroom. to take a shower. It was not necessary for me to take any action. regarding the news. I faith that Lynda would find a way to put it down anyway. 
After taking a shower, I took out a beautiful white dress. I would visit around the pack today, so I had to get ready. 
As I was applying my makeup, I did not take my eyes off of my neck for a while. The purple mark that was on my skin brought to mind that man. 
I reached out to both Eric and Damia. It was Eric who instructed us to go and eat breakfast first. We went to the restaurant that was located within the ho 
“Where did he take you? Why didn’t you tell me about it last night?” Eric asked. He looked mad at me. 
“I handled him. Don’t worry,” I said while eating. 
“Jason said he would teach him a lesson this time.” 
I paused and looked at him. “Did you inform Brother Jason about it?” 
“No, he saw the news himself.” 
In response, I averted my gaze and gave a slight nod. 
‘I could not stop the conflict anymore. That man himself started it. I don’t care how my brother would deal with him at this point.‘ I thought. 
I did not talk to Eric about Adrian’s matter and continued to eat. 
Eric told me that he sent all the managers back to the Blue Blood Pack early in the morning. 
“Do you really want to tour around the pack?” 
Eric asked me once again. I was aware of the reason he asked that. He believed that I was frustrated because of Adrian. 
Damia lowered her head as I cast a glimpse in her direction. I patted her hand and replied to Eric. 
“Yeah. I want to.“! noveldrama
Damia looked at me and shook her head, indicating that I did not have to do that. To reassure her that everything was well, I tried to smile at her. 
We were able to get a car thanks to Eric’s arrangements. As soon as we were inside the car, Eric received a phone call from Jason. 
When he spoke to him, a surprised expression appeared on his face. 
“I’m coming back. Don’t worry,” Eric said to Jason and hung up. 
I stared at him with a stunned expression on my face. My heart was filled with concern for both my children and my parents. I was worrying about them. 
Were they okay? 
Eric turned his head toward me and said, “Something came up. I need to return to the Blue Blood Pack right now.” 
“What happened? Is everything okay?” 
“Everything is alright. We have a pack meeting tomorrow morning. Jason needs me. So I can’t accompany you on this trip.“
###Alpha 107
Everyone in the car was completely silent. 
“I don’t want to leave you here alone, Natalia,” Eric spoke out. 
“Eric, I am not a child.” I tried to assure him. 
“There are so many Alphas here.” 
“I heard everyone is leaving at noon. By the way, you should trust me. I can defend myself.” 
“I trust you.” 
After getting out of the car, he closed the door behind him. When 
he approached the window and murmured, 
“Be careful. Come back to our pack soon.” 
I responded with a nod of my head and said, “I will.” 
When I looked over, I observed him going inside the hotel to check out and then calling a cab to take him directly to the airport. 
“Boss, will you be okay here in this pack without any security? Please don’t take my words seriously. We can come here another time. Let’s go back with 
I leaned against the seat and replied, 
“Of course not. I will be fine. Moreover, Damia, you should not. take it upon yourself. I also want to get some fresh air.” 
Damia bit her lip and nodded her head quietly. 
I ordered the driver. “Start the car.” 
The driver started the car, and drove off in the direction of the sight. 
The whole day, we visited around the pack. There were a few tourist areas. But the entire road was located right next to the forest. 
The–Museum of the Pack was the destination of our trip. It was there that I witnessed the history of this pack engraved on the 
stones. 
The Storm Forest Pack was an ancient pack. They used to live in forests in their wolf form many years ago. Nevertheless, as a result of the time revoluti 
Damia muttered, “Wow,” as she took in the sight of something. 
“Let’s go there, boss.” A beautiful book was placed over a golden stand.”
After walking there, we went to look at the book. 
With great enthusiasm, Damia opened the book. 
“Be careful,” I cautioned her as she flipped the first page in the book. 
Putting an end to her rush, she flipped the pages of the book slowly. 
I saw many stories of wolves. One page captured my attention. 
“Wait a minute,” I said, stopping Damia. 
She opened the page and started to read to see what grabbed my attention. 
416 BOHUS 
“The Alphas, who have black fur, are the most powerful wolves. There were two different kinds of black wolves that the members. of this pack were scare 
After turning her attention to me, Damia stated, “I have never witnessed black wolves. Boss, what color is the wolf that belongs. to our Alpha?” 
I replied, “Grey,” while staring at the book in front of me. 
It reminded me of a pair of red eyes. I had never gotten the chance to see his wolf. So I was completely unaware of the appearance of his wolf. 
I shoved the thought away and looked around the museum. I got to learn so many things. 
Damia was very delighted and went shopping for her family after we left the museum. Throughout the entire day, she was filled with excitement. I was ple 
I also bought some clothes for my children. Damia was not aware of my twins. So she asked me a few times for whom I was purchasing clothes. I told he 
I wanted to tell her about Noah and Aria. However, I could not tell her that their father was Adrian. I could not take a risk. 
Damia And I made my way back to the hotel in the night, after we 
had finished our meal at a tourist restaurant, which was a fascinating one. 
As the car was passing through the forest, I turned my head to the window to take a brief glance at the landscape that was noveldrama
moving really quickly. 
My attention was drawn to the moon, which was shining 
brightly. I tilted my head to the side and closed my eyes so that I could feel the moonlight that was coming in through the open window of the car. 
All of a sudden, the car stopped in the middle of the road. 
We jerked up at the sudden halt.
“What happened?” I asked the driver. 
“Miss, let me check.” The driver replied and got out of the car. 
Damia turned to me and said, “Boss, I should go see.” 
“No, sit here quietly. I am going to check.” 
Damia was a young girl and an Omega. It was impossible for me to put her life in danger by allowing her to go outside. So I got out of the car and went t 
When he looked at me, he said, “I called one of the mechanics. here. He is coming in a few minutes.” 
I nodded to him and waited there for a moment. I peered over at the side of the forest. 
The only light you could see was coming from the headlights of the car. On the other hand, the entire region was dark. 
The forest was deep enough to prevent the moonlight from 
reaching the ground. 
“There he is,” the driver stated, and I looked away from the trees. 
I spotted a man riding a bike to our vehicle while carrying a box, which I assumed was a mechanism tool. 
He started to repair our car when I paid him first to do it fast. 
While he was making repairs, my attention drifted back to the woods once more. Something attracted my attention all of a sudden. 
I observed something dark going at a very rapid pace. As I blinked my eyes in an attempt to view it more clearly, I noticed that it had already moved to th 
I turned to the car, which was in the required position. Taking a quick peek at Damia, I leaned in closer to the window. 
“I’m coming in a few minutes. Don’t come outside, okay?” 
“Boss, I want to come with you.” 
“No. The driver is Alpha Sheth’s known man. He is a trusted person. So here, we can only trust him. I will be back in a minute, so wait for me.” 
She nodded at me in agreement. I turned around and walked toward the forest side. 
I looked to my right and left before entering the woods, to look at what I had seen out of curiosity. 
I strolled inside the forest and kept looking for it. However, after walking for five minutes, I was unable to catch a glimpse of it another time. 
Inside my purse, my phone began to vibrate. By checking it, I saw that Damia had sent a message. 
“Boss, where are you? The driver said we could leave now. The car is ready to drive,”
Due to the fact that Damia was waiting for me outside, 1 
considered leaving the forest; nevertheless, as I turned back, 1 was absolutely surprised. 
I forgot the way to return. I immediately searched for the map in my phone to return, but I saw that the network connection on my phone was becoming d 
I tried to take some path to return, but I noticed my phone’s network was losing its connection 
“Shit! I lost my way,” I muttered to myself. 
I had no idea where to go so that could return to my pack. 
I started to walk ahead, not knowing if I was in the right direction or in the opposite direction. 
Suddenly, I heard a growl coming from another side. My eyes. widened, I did not get into trouble 
But I could not help but feel compelled to move in the direction of the growl. 
My body continued to move without my permission, despite the fact that I wanted to turn around and run. 
My steps came to a standstill when I was confronted by a scent that caused my entire sanity to be challenged. My brows lifted in shock as I saw somethi 
A black glant wolf looked at the moon, as the area had fewer 
trees, so the moon was visible from there. 
My entire body was on the verge of shaking as the wolf howled. I could not take my eyes off, as I had never seen this wolf before. Its scent was notifying 
I took a step back when he turned his head in my direction, and the pair of intense red eyes met my gaze. 
BIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you
###Alpha 108
It was Adrian. I did not know that his wolf was black. He had red eyes and black fur, which I had read about in the book today. 
I stared into his eyes for a while. The size of his wolf was so enormous that no one would have the courage to approach him if he were to reveal his shape to them. 
He took a step toward me, which made me realize I had been loolding at him for a long time. 
I looked away from him and turned around. 
“Let me shift. I want to meet my mate,” my wolf Nancy said to me. She only reacted to me whenever Adrian was close to me. 
I responded to her by silencing her inside of me and saying, “No. He will no longer be our mate.” 
As I started to walk, I heard a growl from behind. 
I turned my head and saw the wolf coming to me. I realized that It was Adrian’s wolf, who wanted to come to me. 
I froze on my feet when he almost reached me. I raised my hand to stop him. 
“Don’t come close to me. I am not your mate. I mean, we will break the bond soon.” 
It was my fault to say something like that. Because after I had finished saying that, he jumped over me, causing me to fall to the ground. 
While I was in a state of shock, I attempted to get him away from me. On the other hand, he started licking my neck where Adrian had left his hickey yes 
#15 BONUS 
“Leave me.” 
He did not listen to me. I was confused about whether it was 
Adrian or his wolf who was taking control. 
“I just hate you, Adrian. Leave me,” I yelled at his wolf. 
My voice echoed throughout the forest. He paused moving and turned his head to look at me. 
I gulped at the look on the wolf’s face, which was enough to terrify anyone. I slowly lifted my hand and placed it on his head. He closed his eyes and moved his head to make him feel caressing. 
I understood that it was Adrian’s wolf who liked me as his mate. 
He moved away from me and sat down close to me. 
I sat up and looked into his closed eyes. “You should not be fond of me. Our fates are different. But nice to meet you.”noveldrama
It was not a battle between our wolves but between Adrian and me. We had wolves who could talk to us, feel our pain, and vice versa. But in the end, we 
When I got to my feet, the wolf’s eyes opened, and I saw it turn cloudy. 
I took a step back immediately; it was Adrian who was taking control right now. 
Did he just let his wolf get caressed by me? Why didn’t he shut his wolf to stay away from me? Didn’t he know wolves were very sensitive about their mates? 
“Don’t follow me,” I said, as I knew it was Adrian. 
I proceeded to walk in a different direction after turning around. I had no idea where I was going, but I was under the impression that I did not want to be 
After a while of walking non–stop, I began to feel exhausted. The forest was so big that if someone got lost here, it was hard to get them back. 
Even if I tried, I was unable to send a message to Damia. I started to feel concerned about her. 
“I should not have come here in the first place.” I muttered angrily. 
At that time, I heard footsteps coming from behind me. I turned around and found Adrian. He was wearing black jeans with no shirt on top. 
He might have shifted back and worn his clothes. 
“Why are you here?” I asked him, looking away from his bare 
chest. 
“The same question goes to you,” he replied, walking toward me. 
I did not know what to say to him. I patted his wolf a while ago, and now I was feeling embarrassed about it. 
I did not reply to him and began to walk ahead. 
“You are lost, aren’t you?” he asked me. 
“I have never seen a brutal man like you, Adrian Miller. You posted that fake news, didn’t you?” I asked without stopping. 
“You haven’t answered me yet. But you are right. I did post it. Don’t you want to know why?” 
I paused and turned to him. I gave him a cold look. “To humiliate 
He shook his head as his eyes turned dark. “To let your brother know about my audacity. 
My lips parted in shock. For what reason did he intend to 
demonstrate his audacity to my brother? What did my brother do to him? They had not even talked much the last time they met each other.
“I heard his words are like laws in your pack, which is a good thing, but he should know that not everything will go according to his plans.” 
I had no idea what this crazy man was talking about. 
“Fuck off!” 
I turned around to change my way from that side. I did not want to go in the same direction with him. 
“I know all the paths here,” he spoke out. 
“Why? Are you doing a job as a forest guard?” I mocked him without looking at him. 
“Think about it. You can’t go out of the forest, even if you want to. So taking my help won’t cause you harm.” 
I turned to him. “Taking your help? Not at all, pervert. I haven’t forgotten what you did to me last night. You know what? Just stay away; otherwise, there will be no one to witness me killing you.” 
As if my warning made him mad, he glared at me. 
I rolled my eyes and began to stroll ahead. However, something 
+15 BONUT 
brushed against my ankle. 
“Aah!” 
I lifted my leg to touch my ankle. I found a thorn pierced there. I yanked it out with a hiss in pain. 
The moment I put my leg down on the ground to start walking again, my body lifted into the air. 
“What the hell!” 
Adrian wrapped his arms around my body as he started to walk with me in his arms. 
“It looks like I have to help the mother just like I helped her daughter.”
###Alpha 109
“Adrian, put me down.” 
I have been yelling at this man for the past few minutes. But he was like a deaf person. He did not listen to me and kept walking in some direction I did n 
What bothered me the most was that he was walking very slowly, as if he were an old man. 
“If you want to help me, then walk fast. My secretary is outside waiting for me, and she is an omega. I am afraid something will happen to her.” 
“What about you? Aren’t you an omega, too? Who gave you the audacity to come into the dark forest at night? What if something happens to you?” He s 
I frowned at him. “Excuse me? Who are you to scold me like this? Who gave you the right over me?” 
He looked down at me and asked, 
“Will you shut your mouth or…” he paused. 
“Or what? What will you do?” 
He moved his gaze from my eyes to my lips, then continued, “Or I will shut them by my way.” 
I averted my gaze from him. “Don’t make me hurt you, Adrian. I can be a slow position for you.” 
“Oh really? How will it be?” 
His tone was taunting me, provoking me to show him how I could hurt him. 
It is impossible to find a way to make this man’s hatred go away from my heart. One by one, all the events in which he caused me an excessive amount of pain are refle time of my pregnancy made me remember who this man was. 
How could I forget what he had done to me? The agony was still present within me, creating a void in my heart, causing it to lose a part for all time, and 
I got mad at myself for even talking to this man. I clenched my jaw and closed my eyes in anger. 
My claws came out of my nails as I was furious and wanted to teach this man a lesson. How could he think of me as a weak person? 
When I wrapped my hands around his neck, he thought I had given in. 
He scoffed at me. “See? Now you realize that only I can help yo-” 
He froze in the middle of his statement when something pierced his upper back, a little down from his neck. 
I roughly scratched his upper back to make him feel the most pain.
He let out a low groan as he felt pain. He shut his eyes and 
endured it. 
I chuckled at him. “I am not the woman you think of. I can be more frigid than you ever behaved to me.” 
He opened his eyes and looked at me. His eyes turned red, as though his wolf could also feel the pain. 
“Who are you?” he asked while looking at me. 
His sudden question baffled me. I immediately pulled out my 
claws from his skin. 
Did my claws go too deep to remove his memories? 
“How can your claws come out so easily? A normal wolf can’t do this.“. 
I smirked at him. “Not everyone has the ability, you know. Having a giant wolf doesn’t mean having all the ability inside.” 
There was a smile in his eyes, which I noticed clearly. 
Suddenly, I felt itching in my arm, which made my body jerk in 
his arms. 
“Having a giant wolf and having all the ability inside, that’s what Alpha Adrian is,” he said proudly while smirking at me. 
I slowly lowered my head to look down, and I saw him brushing his claws on my arm. 
‘How could this man have every power to win over anyone? Is he the moon goddess’s favorite child or something?‘ I thought. 
I looked away from him and tried to get down, but he tightened his grip around me. 
“Trust me. I know the path. I will help you return to your secretary,” he said, letting out a calm tone as though he were telling me the truth. His claws also 
I knew if I argued with him, he would not listen to me. So I kept quiet and let him help me return to my car. 
After a while, I heard a voice coming from somewhere. “Boss, where are you?” 
“That’s Damia’s voice!” I spoke out. 
“Relax. We are going there,” Adrian assured me. 
The fact that he knew where my car was parked was a surprise to me. Wasn’t he inside the forest? Then how did he know about it?
My eyes widened as I thought of something that sprang to me. 
I hit his chest with my fist and asked, “Did you do it on purpose?” 
“What?” he asked, ignoring the hit on his chest. 
“How do you know where I want to go? You did it on purpose. You were close to the street and tried to trap me.” 
“And you got trapped!” He winked at me. 
“Put me down right now, you scoundrel.” 
I yelled at him, but he ignored me and continued toward the light that was coming from the street. 
When we arrived at the road, I found Damia standing near a tree. I could hear her shouting out for me, and she was almost about to go into the woods to look for me. 
A look of relief flashed across her face as soon as she became aware of our presence. On the other hand, she was taken aback when she discovered that I was being held by Adrian. 
“Put me down,” I muttered angrily in a hushed tone. 
Adrian did not pay attention to what I had to say and instead approached the car where the driver was waiting outside. 
When the driver noticed us, he immediately opened the back door for me. 
Adrian helped me sit on the seat and closed the door. He turned to Damia, who followed him behind the car 
Damia’s chooks flushed red as she looked away from Adrian’s naked chest 
“Pake care of your boss, Her leg is wounded.” 
Just saying that to Damia, he walked toward the forest again. 
“Boss, his back is bleeding!” Dania whispered to me through the window 
“We should not care,” I replied to her. 
ma few seconds, his silhouette talled away into the darkness. 
I stared in his direction with a blank face. I did not know why he helped me tonight. He could have left me there to die. 
I felt a hand on my legs. I lowered my head and saw Damia hold my legs as she opened the door to check my wound. 
During the time that she was looking at the blood stain on my ankle, she was lost in thought. 
“What exactly was he talking about, Boss? Maybe he spotted the blood and assumed it was yours. Is it possible that you walked on a bird’s nest in the d 
1 frowned at her and asked,
reached into her bag and took out a tissue, and then she attempted to touch my ankle. 
“Don’t touch it, my dear. Let me wipe it myself. 
“No, it’s okay. Boss, let me do it.” noveldrama
She wiped my ankle to show me. 
“Boss, there is no wound in your leg. It’s fresh, as if you have never gotten hurt.” 
BIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you 
###Alpha 110
My ankle, which had been wounded some time earlier, was the focus of my attention for a while. The wound healed so fast that I was unable to even give it a second look before it was completely 
“Boss?” 
I looked at Damia and smiled at her. “Get in the car. Let’s go back to the hotel.” 
She nodded at me and got in the car. After sitting next to me, she held my hand softly and said, 
“Boss, I was scared. I thought I could never get you back.” 
I chuckled at her words. “Silly girl, it’s just a forest; did you think it would eat me alive?” 
She shook her head. “No, but you were lost as a child. Your family got you back after so many years; if something had happened to you again, then…” 
I patted her hand. “I am totally fine. Don’t worry.” 
The driver started the car, and we returned to the hotel. 
When we were walking to the entrance hall, I saw Beta Patric 
there. 
He approached me with a little smile on his face. “Hello, Natalia. 
I gave him a nod with a confused look. “Why are you here, Beta -Patric?” 
He was taken aback by my question. “We are staying here just 
like you.” 
I sneered at myself, thinking that was how Adrian could get my room number, and sent that bouquet into my room. 
Damia looked at us with a perplexed look, so I then introduced her to Beta Patric. 
“Boss, how do you know Alpha Adrian’s beta?” She whispered to me when we excused Beta Patric and headed to our rooms. 
“I met him…” I paused. She was my personal secretary, so she knew I had never talked to him in any pack meeting. 
“I talked to him at the parties. He is a gentle man. Not like his Alpha,” I said while thinking about Adrian. 
I was curious about his motive for reaching out to me so many times. 
“Boss, would you mind if I ask you a question?” 
“What?”
“W–Was the news right?” she inquired about the news that Adrian had posted this morning. 
Observing her gaze, I could see that she was curious and wanted to know the truth. It came to my attention that she had noticed my neck last night, and that she had also observed Adrian and I coming out together from the woods today. She might have misconceptions about it. 
“That news is fake. I have nothing to do with that man.” 
Damia grinned at me after hearing me. 
“Why are you so happy?” I asked her. 
“Boss, I was sure that you and Beta Eric were… 
you know what I 
mean. So when I suddenly saw Alpha Adrian with you, I was shocked.” 
I frowned at her words. “I have nothing to do with Eric as well. He is just my friend.” 
She parted her lips in shock. I sighed as I felt that almost everyone in my pack thought that Eric and I were lovers. 
After returning to my hotel room, I collapsed on the bed there. I had no energy left to go and change my clothes or freshen up. 
The moment I lifted my hand to look at it, I noticed a very thin black line. It was because Adrian had brushed his claw across my burn scar, which I had c 
makeup that had been applied over it was removed, and a line was visible that revealed the scar slightly. 
I looked at the ceiling and stared at it. What was going on in my life? Why could I just not live my life peacefully? 
I wanted to leave the position at my pack company. Because if I continued to come across that man frequently, he would make my life hell. But I could no 
position over the night. My family thought of me as a responsible 
Woman. 
‘I am willing to do whatever it takes, even if it means walking on fire.‘ 
As I closed my eyes, my wolf spoke up to me. 
“You shouldn’t have clawed him.” 
I opened my eyes immediately but did not reply to her. So she continued to speak. 
+16 покив 
“You know he can’t heal that wound.”
While I was wondering about how Adrian might react when he discovered that the wound had not healed, I couldn’t help but laugh. 
“I will claw his heart next time,” I said with all of the anger in my heart. 
“What if he was trying to-” 
“Nancy, what if one day you will have to choose between me and him? Will you choose him over me?” 
“How can it be possible? We are the same. We can’t be apart from. each other. Just like he and his wolf, you saw it tonight.” 
I was silent, thinking about returning tomorrow to my pack. I had no idea when my eyes closed, and I fell asleep. 
When I opened my eyes, it was already morning. 
I freshened up and changed into a long dress to hide my ankle. I called Damia and told her to book tickets to return to the Blue Blood Pack. noveldrama
After organizing the clothes in my luggage that I had used for the last two days, I walked out of the hotel room. 
Damia also came out of her room, and we made our way to the reception together. 
As we were checking out of the hotel, a boy handed me a bouquet of red roses. 
I did not need to think about who sent it. I saw a card on it and read it. 
“Goodbye, Natalia Hensley.” 
I frowned and looked around. I found Adrian Miller sitting on a couch in the lounge area while holding a cup of coffee. He looked at me as if examining m 
I took a quick look around and discovered a garbage bin. I walked toward it and hurled the bouquet inside of it. 
I turned to look at Adrian, who appeared to be really angry at what I had done. I smirked at him and went back to Damia, who appeared to be equally sur 
“Let’s go,” I said to her and left the hotel. 
We called a cab and went to the airport. While we were waiting for our flight, I got a message from an unknown number. 
“Instead of thanking me for last night, you insulted me by 
throwing away my bouquet. But I promise you, we will meet very soon.” 
###
The moment I stepped into my pack, I felt the breeze blowing in my face, which instantly lifted my spirits and made me feel a bit better.
What a relief it was to be back home. At the airport, I noticed that my driver was waiting for me there. I walked to my car along with Damia as my driver held my and Damia's luggage.
I reached the pack house late in the evening after dropping Damia off at home.
The moment I entered the pack house, I was greeted by the sight of my twins running in my direction.
I knelt down and warmed myself by pulling me into my embrace.
'Mommy."
"My babies."
When I looked over, I saw Jason and Eric smiling at us. I pulled away from the hug and walked to my brother. I hugged him and asked,
*Brother, is everything okay?"
"Yes, my lil baby. Why did you think something was wrong?"
I looked at him and said, "You called Eric here, so I thought..."
'Everything is alright. I think he is not your assistant, but the beta of this pack. Sometimes, his Alpha can need him, too." He said that mockingly.
"Brother," I said, hitting his arm lightly, and everyone chuckled.
"Mommy, we missed you," Noah said to me.
"Mommy, this is for you," Aria said as she handed me a piece of paper.
I saw a sketch of a woman who was waving at two children while grabbing luggage.
Aria was good at painting. In other words, she enjoyed expressing her emotions through the sketches.
In addition to giving her cheek a kiss, I embraced both of them once more. "Mommy missed you both, too. Let's go to your room. Mommy has brought so many things to her babies."
I held their hands and glanced at Jason and Eric. Jason gave me a nod to permit me to spend my time with my babies.
A maid came with my luggage, which was in my car's trunk. I thanked her, and she bowed to me before leaving.
I gave my babies the clothes that I bought for them. They looked glad. They were so happy that they began to jump up and down on the bed. As I observed their contentment, I was unable to control my chuckle as I shook my head.
The maids came to me when it was time for dinner and informed me that Jason was calling me in the dining room. They said that he was waiting for me there.
I was in my bedroom since I had come to my room to take a shower after having a conversation with my children a little while ago.
I went to the dining room. Jason and Eric were sitting on their chairs.
"Where are Aria and Noah?"
"They had their dinner," Eric replied.
"Oh, that's good."
I pulled a chair, which was close to my brother, and sat down on it.
We started eating while glancing at each other.
'Brother, do you want to say something?"
"You should first finish your meal. There are a lot of topics that I must talk about."
I gulped as I lost my appetite immediately. I knew what he meant. I could be sure that he would inquire about the latest news.
My biggest concern was that he would become angry with me. He did not even bother to phone me to inquire about anything, which was not a good sign from him.
When I noticed that he was looking at my plate, which was still halfway full, I made myself eat.
Immediately after we finished our meal, we headed to the living room to settle down and start our conversation. "Brother."
"Where did he take you that night?" Jason asked me directly.
I looked away from him and thought, 'How can I tell my brother where Adrian took me and what he did to me?'
"I'm asking you something, Natalia."
"Brother, he wanted to talk t."
"You said the same thing after the council party."
I lowered my head when I saw that he looked furious. "Brother, he just wanted to post that news to humiliate me, I guess."
He nodded his head. "He always tries to humiliate you, right?"
I gave him nods to agree with him. His eyes turned dark.
"This time, I will teach him what actual humiliation is."
I frowned in confusion and looked at him. "What will you do to him, brother?"
"You should not care about it, Natalia," Eric spoke out.
'But I can't let two packs fight against each other for news," I retorted.
Jason stared at me for a while, which made me feel nervous.
"Will you care if I fight against him one day?"noveldrama
I shook my head. "Brother, why are you saying it? I will never want that."
"Who do you care for? Him or me?"
"Of course, you, brother."
'Then what are you scared of? Don't you have faith in your brother? Can't he win against him?"
I was terrified to hear him. Would he win against Adrian?
There was no doubt that my brother was a very powerful fighter when it came to war. But what I had seen in the forest was something I could not ignore. Adrian's wolf was very powerful.
"I believe you can win any war against anyone. But I don't want any clashes right now. Please, brother. Don't call a war against the Crystal Blood Pack."
He sighed and got to his feet. He walked to me and patted my head.
I lifted my head to look at him.
"I love you, brother. I love mom and dad. A war means the risk of losing family members. I don't want to lose any of you."
He placed his thumb under my eyes and brushed my tears. It dawned on me that the mere thought of a war had caused me to shed tears.
I had never seen a war in my life, nor did I have any desire to witness one.
'I'm not calling for any war against anyone. But what he is doing to you is not something I will endure easily. He dared to touch my sister after my last warning. I will attack his arrogance and smash it very soon."
###Alpha 112
It had been two weeks since I returned from the Storm Forest Pack. I went back to work. I started to raise my hopes again. One defeat did not have the p 
My brother had just made an announcement to inform all of the packs that the Blue Blood Pack would be forming an alliance with the upcoming contract 
satisfactorily meet our demand, we extended an invitation to them to join our pack. 
This news traveled across all of the packs, and the head Alpha of each pack expressed interest in forming a partnership with us. 
According to Jason, he took care of it since he was the head Alpha of this pack. This would be a meeting among the head Alphas of all the packs, and it would have nothing to do with carrying out 
business. 
There was no way for me to know what was going through 
Jason’s head. He did not talk to me about it before he announced that. When I asked him about it in reply to my inquiry, he did not discuss it and stated t 
I was not aware of the reason why Jason suddenly desired to form an alliance, and even if he had desired to do so, he might have approached the pack 
Why did he make the announcement to notify everyone? 
It was the afternoon and just as I was ready to make my way back to the pack house, the board of directors made an attempt to persuade me to accomp 
I was not used to going to clubs or parties. However, today was 
one of the board members‘ birthdays, so I had no choice but to concur with them. 
Everyone cheered as they took a seat close to me at a table when we arrived at the club. Damia was seated next to me in the chair. 
All of them asked me what drink I would prefer. I asked for soft drinks. I did not want to drink. 
I saw their faces turn awkward. They agreed, and they ordered soft drinks for themselves as well. 
“It’s okay. You can have drinks.” 
“No, no. We can’t drink when our CEO is not drinking. It will be in a disrespectful manner.” 
I felt that they could not drink just because of me, so I sighed and ordered a drink for myself. 
They looked shocked when they heard me ordering a drink. 
“Miss Natalia, are you sure?” One man asked.
“Yeah.” 
Damia turned her head toward me. “Boss, you never drink.” noveldrama
“Don’t worry about it. I am only going to take a small sip. On someone’s birthday night, I don’t want to be the one to destroy it. 
She gave me a friendly smile. “Boss, you are so amiable.” 
One waiter came to serve drinks at our tables. All the soft drinks turned into wine. We all clapped for the man, who was 
celebrating his birthday today, and he raised his glass to celebrate. 
I sipped on my glass. At first, I felt that my throat was burning. 
But after a few gulps, the alcohol gradually eased the discomfort in my throat. 
“Isn’t that Doctor Max Harrison?” Someone spoke out from the next table. 
In the direction that the others were staring, I turned my head to look that way. 
Indeed, it was Max Harrison! 
“What is he doing in our pack?” one of my men asked another. 
“I heard he came here with the head Alpha of the Blood Moon Pack,” another man replied. 
I looked at the man. “Mr. Hendrix, what did you just say?” I asked him. 
“He came here with the Alpha of his pack. The period of the alliance with them came to an end.” 
I frowned when I heard him. How come I did not know about it, and my directors knew about it? 
I realized that I had never asked Jason anything about that pack. It could be the reason for my awareness. 
“Boss, once Beta Eric said that you admire Doctor Max a lot. Do you want to talk to him?” Damian whispered to me. 
I shook my head and replied, “I sec. He informed you about me many things.” 
Damia scratched her head as she chuckled awkwardly, “Actually, I was the one who persuaded him to tell me some details about you. I am your persona about you, along with your likes and dislikes.” 
I smiled at her. “He is right. I admire that man. It’s because of his profession and abilities. But it’s okay; we should not disturb him. “I replied to her, glanci 
I saw him talking with a young lady while drinking. He looked serious, as if he were scolding her or something. 
Did he make a fling here, and when she wanted to reveal something, he was scolding her? 
So many things came to mind, and I shook my head. It was all because of the influence of alcohol.
Doctor Max was a very gentleman. He had no scandals. In fact, I talked to him at the council party. He was very humble. 
Unexpectedly, he caught my gaze, which made me feel embarrassed. I immediately moved my head away from his direction and turned my head to focus on my table. 
In an effort to calm myself down after being caught, I swallowed the entire glass of drink. He might have felt uncomfortable with his gaze a while ago. 
The board members cheered for me when they noticed I was drinking. A man served another glass of wine. 
Damia wanted to push it, but I grabbed the glass and said, 
“I can drink another glass.” 
I chugged down the whole drink, which shocked them. They almost clapped because of my actions. I did not know what had gotten over me. I drank ano 
“Miss Natalia, we heard you were a medical student before joining our company. Is that correct?” 
“Hmm.” 
“So you wanted to be a doctor?” 
“I wanted to save lives just like Doctor Ma-” 
“Miss Natalia Hansley?” 
A voice interrupted me. 
Everyone turned their heads and noticed the man standing next to my chair. 
I raised my head and looked at him. 
“Doctor Max?” I said while blinking my eyes to clear my sight. 
After a few blinks, his face became visible to me. 
“Hi,” he said, extending his hand toward me. 
I placed my hand over his, and he held it softly. 
“Hello,” I mumbled. 
He chuckled when he realized that I was slightly drunk. 
“What a coincidence! We met again.” 
D
###Alpha 113
Doctor Max! Take a seat with us, please.” Damia uttered it with a courteous smile on her face. 
“And you are?” 
“Hello, I’m Damia, Miss Natalia’s personal secretary.” 
“Oh, nice to meet you,” Doctor Max said, looking at the other four men who stared at him. 
“You came with…” he muttered while looking at me after a brief 
pause. 
“They are the board of directors of our company,” Damia explained to him. 
One by one, those men shook hands with Max. 
“Please, sit with us.” 
They pulled a chair for him next to me. Max sat on the chair and apologized, 
“I’m sorry if I interrupted you all. 
to 
“I disagree, Doctor Max. It’s a stroke of good fortune that we get 
meet you. It’s my birthday, by the way,” Mr. Hendrix said. 
Being a bachelor, he was about to tie the knot with his girlfriend in the near future. 
“Happy Birthday.” 
“Thank you so much.” 
“I don’t have anything with me right now to give you.‘” 
“That doesn’t matter. Your presence is a great present for me” 
Max chuckled and gave him a nod. “But it will be due to me. I can assure you that if someday you need me, I will come for your 
help. It will be my present for you.” 
Mr. Hendrix’s eyes widened. He broke into a bright grin.. 
“I have got the best present in my life. There is no chance that I will pass away soon in the near future if I suffer from one
disease, and Doctor Max treats me.” 
Everyone cracked up because of his statements. 
Meanwhile, Max turned his gaze toward me. I was watching him talk with my men so politely. 
“So? How is your investigation going?” He asked me. 
Everyone turned to me as they mumbled in inquiry. 
“Investigation?” 
Because I wanted to distract others from this topic, I cleared my throat. Max picked up my signal and turned his gaze to the other people. 
“There was something about business, you know.” 
Later, they all discussed the health issues that their family was experiencing with Max. He told them that he was nothing more than a healer who only ha 
some way. 
When all of them had their drinks finished, they stood up and bowed to me. 
yez Natalia, permit us to leave 
I was going to stand up when Dania stood up and said, “Boss, I think Doctor Max wanted to talk to you about something about some investigation. We two can talk, and I’m also leaving.” 
I glanced at Max, who was sitting comfortably next to me. I was also interested in having a conversation with him about a variety of topics. 
“Okay,” I said as I gave Damia permission to leave, and then I turned my focus to Max Harrison. 
“As you know, I am the CEO of my pack company right now. So, had to stop all the investigations in the medical field.” 
It was a shock to Max. “But you were a really intelligent student. What makes you abandon your dream and begin something completely out of the blue? 
“Doctor Max, actua-” 
“You can call me Max.” 
I was stunned. There were some rules in the royal family. We could not use the first name of a person if we did not have a close relationship with them. 
“Max,” I murmured as he told me to call his name. 
“When I saw you a while ago, I thought I was going to meet Natalia, who came to introduce herself to me at the council party. But when I came here, I sa 
“My parents wanted that, Our pack is very large. My brother has 
to take care of many things. So my parents wanted to divide some responsibility between us.” 
“I see.”
Max ordered a drink for himself. “You want some?” he asked me. 
“Sure.” 
A waiter came with the tray and placed our drinks. 
Despite the fact that I started to feel lightheaded, I continued to sip the drink. 
“I want to go home,” I mumbled, getting on my feet. 
“I’m dropping you,” he said as he stood up and wrapped his arm around my shoulder. 
I gave him a slight shake of my head. “No, my driver is waiting for me outside.” 
“Then let me at least help you reach your car.” 
I thought for a moment. Then I gave him a nod. 
He assisted me in going outside. He helped me sit in the back seat of my car and told my driver to drive me home safely. 
“By the way, why are you here?” I asked, peeking out my head from the window. 
He lowered his head, and I moved back inside. 
“Our alliances are over,” he said. 
“But why was it only for a few months? I thought it would be for many years.” 
He chuckled as if he found my tone cute. “It’s all about business, 
BONUS 
and we can’t do business with another pack forever. If we go like that, there will be war in the future, and no one will win another territory.” 
I whizzed in anger. I pouted my lips as I recalled that my had also talked about wars. 
“Why are you all talking about wars? I hate it.” 
brother 
“Natalia, you don’t have to worry about it. You can use my cure anytime.” 
I parted my lips to tell him something, but before that, the driver started the car and turned his head toward us. 
“I’m leaving your pack tomorrow after meeting your brother,” Max stated to me while standing tall and keeping his posture straight. 
I stared at him with blurry eyes as I waved at him. The car started to move and headed in the direction of the pack house. 
During the whole ride, I closed my eyes because I felt drunk.
Upon the car coming to a stop, I stepped out of the car with my legs wobbling. In an effort to assist me, the guards rushed 
towards me. 
They mind linked Jason about me. In a few seconds, Jason hurried over from outside. 
He looked at me with his eyebrows raised and exclaimed, “You are drunk!” 
I smiled at him sheepishly. “I’m sorry. I met Max, so I drank with him a little.” 
“Max? Who is Max?” 
“How can you forget him, brother? The biggest healer of the-” 
“Doctor Max Harrison?” Eric cut me off as he came out of the pack house. 
“Hmm,” I hummed while nodding my head. 
“Eric, help her get inside. I’m going to call Doctor Max.” 
I shook my hands after hearing him. “No, brother. Don’t scold him. He is a gentleman.” 
Eric lifted me in his arms and carried me to my room. I was utterly exhausted. As he laid me down on my bed, he 
complained, “You never drink with me. How come you do that with him?” 
I laughed at his words as if they had gone over my head. 
“He is my mentor. I was only drinking for once.” 
Eric shook his head while looking at me, then sighed. noveldrama
I felt my eyes closing as the darkness slowly enveloped me. But before I could get unconscious, I heard Eric’s low tone. 
“I forgot to tell you. Adrian is coming to our pack tomorrow to discuss the alliance.” 
DIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you 
###Alpha 114
When I opened my eyes, I felt sun rays falling on my face, making it impossible for me to look anywhere or let me sleep 
more. 
I lifted my pillow up and placed it on my face to give my face relief from the sunlight. 
However, I could not sleep any longer because someone came and knocked on my door to wake me up. 
“Young Miss.” 
I heard one of my maids‘ voices. I whizzed by just hearing her voice. It felt like a noise in my head. 
“Leave. I will wake up later,” I mumbled under the pillow. 
“Young Miss, Alpha is calling you. You need to wake up.” 
I did not move for a while. I was on the verge of returning to the dreamland, but someone knocked on the door and prevented me from doing so. 
I threw the pillow and sat up in anger. 
“What?” I yelled in a hoarse voice, 
Immediately after I let out a yell, I felt a pain in my throat. I found my head hurting like hell. 
“Come in.” I tried to say it out loud so that the maid could hear me from outside the door. 
After getting my permission, the maid entered the room. I could see a glass of water and a mug of coffee on the tray that she was holding there. 
pm appeting, the band, sew pwded to glare the tray on the rstand that was close to m 
raig Miss, Alphs told you to tax www drive 
While I was glancing at a pill that was done to for ga, 1 fromed and asked her, 
“What medicine?” 
“For your headache 
1 parted my lips in confusion. “How did my brother kom ont my headache?” 
“You came home drunk last g 
As soon as I heard my maid, my eyes grew wide. I realize whe had happened last night. 
1 immediately covered my mouth, “Oh, yes. You are bije” 
The maid chuckled at my reaction. I removed my hand from my mouth and cleared my throat. “Why are you laughing
The maid lowered her head and replied, 
“Young Miss, you were behaving, childishly last nigra 
I blinked my eyes to understand what made her think that 
“Did my babies see me like that?” 
She shook her head in response, which made me relaz 
“Okay, you can leave now,” I told the maid, 
She bowed her head and left 
I rubbed my forehead while recalling last night. Suddenly, one 
person came to mind. 
Even just thinking about him seeing me in a drunken state caused my jaw to drop. 
“Oh, no! Doctor Max saw me drunk!” 
I patted my cheeks. “What did he think about me?” 
All of my effort that I put into introducing myself to him at the council party was wasted by what had just happened last night. 
“Natalia, what did you do? If you don’t have the ability to handle the alcohol, you shouldn’t have drunk.” I scolded myself. 
I checked the time and cursed myself. I was late for my office too. I never overslept before. 
On the other hand, I noticed a message from Eric. He said he informed Damia that I was not going to the company today. 
I felt terrible. Everyone was trying to make me a responsible woman, but here I was, behaving stupid. 
I hurriedly drank the glass of water with the pill to ease the chilling headache. 
Immediately after getting out of bed, I made a beeline for the bathroom in order to take a quick shower. My brother might be very angry at me. I could no 
After taking a shower, I came out of the bathroom wearing a bathrobe. I walked to the closet and retrieved a simple dress since I was not going to the compan 
I put on the dress and dried my hands rashly. I left my room and headed directly to the living room. 
I was very embarrassed thinking about how I would face my 
brother 
When I reached the living room, I saw my brother sitting with my babies on the couch. 
“Mommy,”
They noticed me and ran toward me. I embraced them. They held my hands and walked me to the couches. 
I avoided my brother’s gaze and sat on one of the couches. I was very nervous. More nervous than the announcement of the last deal. 
“Brother, I’m sorry,” I mumbled. 
“Mommy, why are you apologizing to Uncle? Did you do any bad things?” Aria asked. 
I nodded at her. “Yeah, mommy is bad. She hurt your Uncle Jason. 
I glanced at Jason to say something. When I saw he was silently looking at me, I smiled at my twins and asked them to go to their 
room. 
“Mommy needs to talk to Uncle Jason. Can you both go to your room?” 
“Yes, Mommy,” Noah said to me. 
I saw them running in the direction of their room. I returned my attention to my brother. noveldrama
He was not giving any signs to get persuaded by me. I got to my feet and went to sit next to him. 
I held his hand and said, 
#15 BONUS 
“Brother, please, please. Forgive me.” 
He rolled his eyes in reaction. I pouted at him to convince him. ” Please, brother? Am I not your little baby? Can’t you forgive your sister for once?” 
He pushed me with his one finger and moved me away from him. “You are all alone with another man. What if he tried to take advantage of you? You we 
I hugged his arm and mumbled, “Brother, don’t get mad at Doctor Max either. He is not a bad guy. He helped me get into the car.” 
To gaze at me, he tilted his head to the side. “Is he the reason why you never want to accept Eric?” 
My eyes widened. I moved away from him and shook my head. 
“What? No, brother. I have never thought about him like that.‘ 
He looked at my expression carefully and patted my head. “I can do anything for my sister. If you like someone, you can tell your brother. I can accept an 
He was interrupted by his officials as they entered the pack house together. 
“Alpha” 
I looked at them. They walked toward us. I moved my attention. to Eric, who cast a quick glance in my direction before returning his focus to Jason. 
With a gesture of his head in the direction of the main gate, he announced, “He has arrived at the pack house.”
I frowned when I heard him. I had no idea who he was talking 
about. Nevertheless, when I turned my gaze outside of the main door, I observed that a number of luxurious cars had come to a stop in front of our pack house. 
I was stunned when the guards came out of other cars and opened the back door of a car that was in the middle of other cars. 
A man in a black suit got out of the car with the powerful aura that he had carried with him. 
I heard my brother mutter from beside me. 
“Alpha Adrian.”
###Alpha 115
Adrian entered the pack house with his officials. I got to my feet in shock. But Jason appeared to be unruffled, as if he were aware that Adrian was going 
I stared at Adrian, who walked toward us like a king with his four guards. 
was familiar with Beta Patric. At the same time, I was also familiar with Delta Julian because he had picked me up from the hotel and brought me to the p 
I had no prior knowledge of the other two males who were standing behind Adrian. They were the Theta and the Gamma of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
“Alpha Adrian, welcome to the Blue Blood Pack once again,” my brother said to him as they shook hands. 
I was dumbfounded. After casting a quick peek at their hands, I promptly shifted my attention to my brother. 
What had happened to him? Why was he talking so politely to Adrian? 
I was standing there like a stupid lady who had no idea what was going on in front of me, and I saw all of the authorities shaking hands like they were pro 
“Brother, why is he here?” I spoke in a low voice to my brother. 
On the other hand, my brother responded to me in a loud voice, as if he intentionally wanted Adrian to hear it. 
“My lil baby, don’t be like this. Be a professional lady and greet our guests.” 
I frowned at Jason. What was going on in his head? He gave me a nod. 
After letting out a sigh, I shifted my attention to Adrian, who was standing in front of us and gazing at me. 
As he approached me, he stretched his hand toward me. “We met again, Miss Natalia,” he said to me. 
It reminded me of the night of the party when he kissed my neck and left his mark, which I had to bear for four days until it was permanently removed. H 
I gave him a ferocious smile while simultaneously glancing at his hand. “Yeah, welcome to our pack.” 
I did not shake my hand. I did not want to. The last time I shook hands with this man, he held my hand for more than a minute. 
I had no desire to take any risk in front of my brother. What if Jason went mad and killed him right there? My brother was a short– tempered person. He was overly possessive toward his only sister. 
When Adrian realized that I had no interest in shaking hands with him, he gazed at his hand and slowly clenched it into a fist. 
“Honestly, my sister doesn’t like it when strangers touch her,” Jason spoke out. 
I understood his remarks toward Adrian. He taunted him about the party. 
Adrain nodded his head calmly. It’s a good thing,” he added, shifting his focus to me before muttering under his breath. “She should not let anyone touch 
“Did you say something?” Jason asked as if he did not hear Adrian. 
“Nothing.” 
Adrian sat on the opposite couch, and we took the seat that we had occupied earlier in the conversation. 
Eric came to sit next to me, and the others took their seats on 
other couches. 
“The pack meeting is tomorrow. You came here one day earlier. I didn’t know Alpha Adrian had so much free time to visit other packs.” 
The words that Jason spoke conveyed a sense of derision. That time, I understood why he was talking so politely. It was because he wanted to mock Ad 
Adrian chuckled at his words. I glanced at him. He appeared to be in a good mood. What gave him such a cheerful spirit? 
“I heard other Alphas are busy persuading you, so I thought, why not try my best too? Alpha Jason is a promising man. I believe he will give others a cha noveldrama
I gulped by the two men’s deadly warnings in disguise of polite words. 
Both Alphas started to talk about the scheme while I was feeling 
confused about how to react to anything. 
It was a very serious situation for me. I did not know what to do 
at that moment. 
All these years, talking about Adrian has been taboo for us. 
But today, this man came into our home, sat down in front of us, and discussed the possibility of forming an alliance with us. 
I wish that my mother and father were here. They might have handled the situation more skillfully than I did. 
‘Who knows what may offend my brother and attack this man? It will only break the law of years.‘ I thought. 
I started to cough as my mind was messed up while I was trying to apprehend the situation. 
“Do you want to drink water?” Eric asked with a soft tone. 
After turning to look at him, I shook my head in response. “No. I’m okay.” 
He leaned close to me a little and said, “If you don’t want to be here, you can go inside.” 
“No, I can’t trust that man with my brother. By the way, why didn’t you tell me about his arrival?” I asked Eric.
He gave me a dumbstruck look. I frowned at him. “What?” 
“Didn’t I inform you about it last night?” 
“When?” 
“The moment you lay on your bed.” 
I was stunned. I did not know that he was a little loud while 
talking. 
“You laid me on my bed? Hold on! Were you the one who carried me all the way to my room?” 
“Of course. Who else would do that for you?” Eric said, shrugging his shoulders. 
“Thanks. You did a good job.” I chuckled awkwardly in embarrassment. 
He shook his head. “There’s no way I can take your apology. You have to drink with me, then we will talk about it.” 
It looked like he held grudges. I recalled his words last night. He asked me why I never drank with him like I did with Max. 
Eric and I shared a good bond, and he was my close friend. So I gave it a thought and said, 
“If my brother permits me, I can drink with you tomorrow. Happy?” 
He was about to nod, but his eyes fell on others. I turned my head. and realized everyone was staring at us. 
Weren’t we whispering? Did we talk so loudly that everyone was able to hear us? 
I saw that Adrian’s face was not calm anymore. His eyes darkened. I looked away from him and shifted my gaze to Jason. 
“You two can talk about your lovey–dovey things privately. We have a guest here. How can my beta and sister, who is also my company’s CEO, be so unprofessional?” 
Though his words sounded angry, there was a smile hidden in his eyes. 
But when did we start talking about things that are lovey–dovey? 
Did he say that because Adrian was there? 
“So, where were we, Alpha Adrian?” Jason asked after clearing his throat. 
“I heard about your hospitality,” Adrian replied, looking around the pack house, then asking, 
“What about giving me an opportunity to experience it by allowing me to stay here for a day?”
I almost hit my forehead. How could my brother possibly refuse him at this point? Did I have to tolerate this man for the whole day? 
But then I heard Jason’s sharp words. 
“I can’t allow you to stay here. Only selective Alphas can get the chance to stay in the pack house of the Blue Blood Pack, and you are not one of them.” 
SALE 3000 bonus free fou you
###Alpha 116
The atmosphere turned colder. The response from my brother took me by surprise. When a head Alpha expressed a desire to stay in the pack house, it 
I bet no one had ever rejected an alpha in such a manner before. In fact, I had never before witnessed my brother demonstrate disdain toward any Alpha 
However, this man was not only an Alpha of another pack but also the man who once treated the sister of this pack’s Alpha badly. 
It is difficult to comprehend how Adrian could be able to forget about the past and act as if he had never done anything wrong. 
What gave him the idea that Jason would take everything into consideration and give him the alliance? Was he even real? 
“How can you talk to Alpha like tha-” 
Adrian raised his hand to stop his Gamma from speaking out in rage at Jason. His gamma appeared to be infuriated since he was unable to tolerate it when he witnessed anoth 
Adrian looked at Jason while composing himself. It was evidently clear that he also did not expect Jason to deny his staying here. 
Beta Patric shook his head and said politely, “Alpha Jason, we respect you. But you can’t treat our Alpha in such a disrespectful manner. If, at some poin 
I could see a defensive mode in Patric’s tone. He was ready to defend his Alpha. 
“It’s okay. Alpha Jason can make his own choice. I can’t do anything about it.” Adrian spoke out. 
“I am pleased that Alpha Adrian understands me. I can arrange tours for you to show my hospitality.” Jason said to him. 
“No, I didn’t come here early for that.” 
“Then what’s the reason behind it?” 
Adrian’s behavior left me bewildered and confused. For a 
moment, I fixed my gaze on him in order to read his eyes. 
It was impossible for me to read them in any way. Even though they were cold, he maintained a steady tone. How could he possibly conceal his anger? 
It was not like I wanted him to argue with my brother. But what did he want? Why did he even need our alliance? Weren’t we rival packs? 
His eyes caught my gaze, and he replied to my brother without looking at me. 
“I have my own reasons to come here.” 
I did not break eye contact as I showed the hostility in my heart for him through my eyes. 
“What do you mean?” my brother inquired with a cold tone as he noticed him looking at me.
“Nothing. I heard you are planning a marriage for your sister,” he asked, turning his eyes on Jason. 
#15 BONUS 
I narrowed my eyes. “Marriage?” 
Adrian gave me a nod and replied, 
“Yeah, that was what Beta Eric was saying. I thought, Why not ask your brother directly?” 
“With whom?” 
“With Beta Eric, of course.” 
I turned to Eric, who lowered his head. Didn’t I refuse my brother’s proposal? Then what was the reason for him to say such things to others? 
Eric looked at Adrian, who raised his brow with a smirk on his lips. 
“Your beta lies too much, Alpha Jason. I thought to just inform you about it.” 
“Eric was right. But I don’t think you need to know about it since it has nothing to do with you,” Jason responded, which caused me to tilt my head to look 
“So you mean you decided to marry her off without her consent? “Adrian asked, sounding furious. 
“Who said it without her consent? Didn’t you hear their 
conversations a while ago? They are very close and happy with each other.” 
Adrian looked at me as if he wanted me to say something. Did he want me to refuse it? 
Though my brother was lying about it, I did not want to talk over him in front of Adrian. 
1 kept quiet and calmly sat there. 
“Great,” Adrian muttered. 
“Yeah, it’s great news,” Jason retorted. 
A few maids came to Jason and bowed to him. 
“Alpha, the dining table is set with lunch.” 
Jason stood up and said to Adrian, 
“You wanted to see hospitality. Let’s have lunch together. It’s also a part of hospitality.” 
After uttering those words, Jason began to make his way towards the dining room. His officials, including Eric, followed him. 
Adrian stood up and replied,
“I don’t want to. I’m done here. See you in the meeting tomorrow, Alpha Jason.” 
Jason did not turn to look at him, as if he knew Adrian would not join him. 
“As you wish, Alpha Adrian.” 
I noticed Eric turned his head to look at me, but I was mad at him, so I did not go to the dining room to join them, though I knew Jason would call me when he would not see me 
But my brother was fast enough to call out to me. 
“Natalia, follow me, You didn’t eat anything in the morning.” Jason said that and then went to the dining room. 
“Y–Yes, brother.” 
After observing my brother and his officials leaving the living room, I got to my feet. My gaze drew to Adrian, who was fixing his eyes on me, 
While I was trying to walk to the dining room, I chose to ignore him. But he blocked my way by stepping in front of me. 
“What was your brother saying? You are with that Beta Eric?” 
I rolled my eyes. “How many times do I have to tell you that yes, I am with him? Why do you even ask me? It’s not unknown to anyone that Eric and I are 
He glared at me while saying, “But I thought you were lying to me.” 
“Why would I?” 
“You” 
“Adrian, let’s go. We need to work on some papers,” Beta Patric said, patting his shoulder. 
A severe expression appeared on Adrian’s face as he turned his head to stare at Beta Patric. 
“Wait for me outside.” 
The other men looked stunned by his cold voice. Beta Patric glanced at me and then nodded his head toward Adrian. “Okay, Alpha.” 
I assumed that the way Adrian spoke to him in front of an 
outsider like me had hurt him. 
With Beta Patric, the other three officials walked out of the pack house. 
“Why did you talk to him like that? He is your beta, not your slave,” I scolded Adrian. 
I took a step back away from him as he suddenly moved closer to 
1. me.
“Cancel the marriage.” 
“What?” 
“I said, cancel it and reject that man,” he muttered while glaring at me as if he would eat me alive. 
I was about to say no to him, but before I could reply, I heard a soft voice coming from behind. 
“Uncle! You are here!” 
I turned around and saw Aria standing a little distance away. With her, Noah was there too. 
Noah looked at Adrian with a pair of angry eyes and pointed his tiny finger in the direction of Adrian. 
“Mommy, why is he here?”noveldrama
###Alpha 117
Adrian’s POV 
As I held my gaze fixed on the young child, I noticed that his eyes were filled with animosity toward me. 
It was supposed to be me who looked at him like that. He was someone else’s blood. A fruit of a one–night stand. What makes. this little boy have so much strength to give me this look? 
I shifted my gaze to Natalia. Did she tell her son something about me? Did she brainwash the child’s mind? 
However, my assumption turned wrong when she rushed to her son and scolded him. 
“Noah, don’t talk like that. He is our guest.” 
“Mommy, I don’t like this man.” 
I glared at Noah. I scoffed when I saw his mother hiding him behind her. But he peeked his head to look at me. 
“Uncle.” 
I felt a swarm of little fingers wrapping themselves around my finger. I lowered my head and saw Aria. 
I was hesitant to look at her. I was completely mistaken when I believed that she was my blood. 
I recalled how I spent that day with this child while thinking that she was my own daughter. 
“Aria, go back to your room with Noah,” Natalia said to her. 
I looked away from Aria. I wanted to hold the child in my arms 
again, but the report reflected my mind, and I snatched my finger away from her. 
She was shocked by my actions. She looked at me with teary eyes. 
“Uncle, what happened to you? Are you mad at me?” 
I tightened my fists when I saw tears in her eyes. 
‘Fuck! I made her cry!‘ I cursed in my head and bent down to hold her up. 
“What are you doing?” Natalia asked me. 
“Can’t you see?” I said to her with a cold look. 
I came here for an alliance, but I did not expect to learn that she was also eager to marry Beta Eric. If I had known that, I would have never come here.
I focused on Aria, who lowered her head, avoiding my eyes. 
From behind his mother’s back, Noah blurted out, “Aria, come here. Stay away from him.” 
I glared at him, but he did not seem to care. Who gave him the audacity to look into my eyes without any dread? Even his mother was frightened of me a 
“I’m sorry. Are you okay?” I asked Aria. 
Natalia appeared to be taken aback by my soft tone. Why did I always see fear in her eyes? What was she afraid of? 
“Uncle, you scolded me,” Aria uttered. 
I patted her head. “How can I apologize to you? Do you want to go to any ice cream parlor?” I asked as I thought about that day. when I took her to the ic 
Her eyes brightened up. She wiped her tears and nodded her head 
at me. 
“No way. Aria, get down,” Natalia said, walking to me. Noah came along with her. 
She wanted to take Aria away from me, but I moved a little to the side to prevent her from doing so. 
“Mommy, I want to eat ice cream,” Aria said with a smile. 
“I will buy ice cream for you. Get down. Didn’t I warn you not to touch any stranger?” 
It boiled my blood. Why was she talking like I had some bad intentions toward her daughter? She was just a child, and I 
somehow adored her. 
“No, Mommy.” 
“ARIA.” 
Natalia shouted at Aria, which caused her to flinch. It jerked her body in fear. She then began to cry. It showed that she was not used to it. 
“How can you shout at her like that?” I asked Natalia with a furious look. 
Natalia grabbed Aria’s arms and pulled her away from me. 
“Keep your distance from my children,” Natalia warned me, and then she left the living room. 
I remained expressionless as I looked back at her until she left the room. 
I felt very humiliated when her brother said he would not let me 
stay in his pack house. But the way she snatched her daughter away from me made me feel more insulted. 
Did I look like a child thief to her? 
“Stay away from my mommy.” 
I heard the angry voice of a child. Upon looking down, I noticed. that Noah was still there. 
I rolled my eyes at him. “What’s your problem, huh? Why do you behave like this?” 
“Because you deserve it. You are a bad man.” noveldrama
I grimaced at him. He was just like his mother. In fact, their. words were the same. 
“And this bad man can do many bad things too. Have you forgotten about it?” 
His eyes widened after hearing me. 
The look of fear on his face made me chuckle. He might be scared 
of me now. 
“Don’t hurt my mommy.” 
I was completely taken aback. Rather than being afraid of himself, he was afraid of his mother being hurt. 
Something occurred to me, and I replied by saying, 
“Your mommy is going to marry Eric. Do you know that?” 
“Really?” he asked with a bright smile. 
I narrowed my eyes. Why was he so happy? I wanted to provoke him to break the relationship, but he looked pleased with it. I did not like this at all. 
Just thinking about that woman with someone else was driving my mind insane. 
“He is not a good man. 
“You are lying. Uncle Eric is a good person. I want him to be my dad.” 
“How dare you call just anyone your dad?” I scolded him, as I did not like it when he referred to Eric as his dad. 
“He takes care of mommy. He is not like you. 
was surprised by his remarks. “What do you mean?” 
I was sure that something was roaming around this little boy’s head. Why did he say that? Why would I take care of his mother? Why did he even compa 
thought about arguing with this boy about it. But when I saw that he was silent, I stopped myself.
I turned around to leave the pack house. However, before I could reach the main door, I heard him mumbling. 
“You hurt my mommy a lot. I hate you. 
D
###Alpha 118
*ed 
to the Joke thinking about the meaning at when the boy wanted to say caused a frown to form on my face. 
“athan did prom just say?** 
The stared at me for a while without replying. It was impossible for me to comprehend the thoughts that were going through this young boy’s mind. Why 
Just as I was about to ask him a question about it, he abruptly turned around and rushed in the direction Natalia had gone with 
Aria 
I sighed as I had no idea what was going on. 
“Alpha.” 
heard my delta’s voice. I turned to the door once again and spotted him standing there. 
“Let’s go. 
Leaving the pack house without giving it a second glance, I went 
out of it. 
As soon as I stepped outside, my bodyguards hurried over to me and opened the door to my car for me. I sat in the back seat and ordered my driver to go to the hotel where I had stayed last time when I came here. 
turned my head beside me and found my beta in a gloomy mood. 
“That woman said I should not have talked to you like that, but my thoughts are different. You need a good beat for interrupting 
me in everything,” I said to him with anger in my tone. 
Even though he was not looking at me, he rolled his eyes. I gave him a frown. “Did you just roll your eyes?” 
As he turned to face me, he gave me a slight nod. “Yes, I did.” 
I scoffed at him. I did not mind his behavior. After all, he was my best friend. 
That woman was right. It was inappropriate for me to speak to him in front of other people in a very cold manner. 
Was 
But I was very angry with Natalia at that moment. I curious as to how she might be able to accept another man when she already had her own mate.
“Adrian, are you sure that you are aware of what you are doing? This alliance has the potential to halt your trade in a number of ways. ways. Yet you wan 
I closed my eyes and rested my back against the seat. When I closed my eyes, the only thing that appeared to me was a pair of blue eyes that were looking at me with eyes that were hunting. 
“I need to find that wolf and kill him,” I muttered. 
“Who are you talking about? Are you still having the same nightmare?” 
“Patric, search for the wolf. I want to know who he is, his pack’s name, and everything.” 
“No one has seen the wolf you are referring to. I asked many people. They said it’s just an illusion. They had never heard of an Alpha with blue eyes at th 
+15 BIOHUS 
I rubbed my forehead and opened my eyes. “Then do something. and change Alpha Jason’s mind.” 
Patric leaned close to me and whispered, “How? By persuading him to allow his sister to be with you again?” 
I glared at him, and he began to chuckle. 
“See? This is why I scolded you at that time. You deserved it.” I told him. 
He sneered at me. “I never imagined that Alpha Adrian would one day be so deeply in love that he would be willing to accept the children of another man in order to get back his ex–wife.” 
There was nothing I could say. Whatever he said was right. 
I desired to have Natalia by my side again. In fact, I came here just for her. 
I wanted to stay in the pack house so that I could get close to her. This alliance was important to me, even if it was a loss for me. I wanted to keep my ey 
She was my mate. How could I let her go? 
“I think we should wait for the weddi-” 
“Can you just shut up?” 
‘Adrian, Alpha Jason is not better than us. He is a bold man and can do anything. Since he is adamant about it, maybe…” he paused as he did not have 
 
After that, there was complete silence for the entire ride. I was in my thoughts, messing with my mind. 
The whole day, my officials were working on making decisions 
regarding the amenities that I could provide to the Blue Blood Pack in order to convince their Algha to give me the alliance
The next day, 
I got ready for the meeting According to the announcement made by his officials, the pack meeting was scheduled to take place in the pack house Conse 
When I arrived there, I saw many other Alphas. They immediately greeted me politely 
“Alpha Adrian, there is no chance we can get the alliance when you are heee.” an Alpha said with a chuckle. 
It was true. Who would reject the alliance of the Crystal Blood Pack and accept any? Being a part of my pack’s alliance would provide the pack with a sense of security. This meant that even if another pack attacked the pack my pack would still b noveldrama
Upon the arrival of the Gamma of the Blue Blood Park to extend his greetings to us, he made a gesture with his hand and requested that we follow him 
Although I was moving in the direction of the meeting hall, my attention was drawn to a woman who was descending the stairs. 
Dressed in a long gray dress, she appeared to be in a state of freshness, as if a flower had just blossomed 
“Stop staring at her. Everyone is watching. Have you forgotten about the news you uploaded last me? Their doubt will eventually be replaced by beliet 
Beta Patric whispered to me 
I turned my head and found other Alphas glancing at me and 
Natal 
LISBONUS 
With a smirk on my face, I looked in Natalia’s direction once again and replied to Patric, “I want them to believe it too.” 
“But what about Lynda?” he asked. 
I averted my gaze away from Natalia. I was also worried about Lynda. I thought about it for a long time in these few weeks and came to a conclusion. 
She was a kind and gentle woman who wished to win my love. I was unable to give her the happiness that she deserved because I did not love her, and 
So I muttered to Patric as I made a decision. 
“Today, after getting this alliance, I will talk to her. I will give her everything she needs to have a good life as my savior and break up with her.”
###Alpha 119
“Miss Natalia.” 
I heard a voice passing behind me, heading in the direction of the stairs. 
I turned my head and spotted Alpha Leo. He was the head Alpha 
of the Moon Stone Pack. 
A frown appeared on my face as I watched him extend his hand. toward Natalia, who was stepping down on the floor. Without any delay, she held his ha 
“Alpha Leo, how are you?” Natalia asked. 
She did not talk to me so politely. Why was she so cold with me and soft with everyone else? 
“Because you treated her badly when she was with you,” my wolf said inside me. 
I ignored his remarks and stared at the woman, who exchanged glances with everyone with nods. 
Everyone was looking at her with admiring eyes. I was stunned when I saw that Patric also went to shake his hand with her. 
When I looked to my right and left, I saw everyone had already left toward the meeting hall. I was the only one who was staring at the woman. 
“We don’t mean any mess. Adrian wants the alliance because he wishes to help,” Patric said to her, 
Natalia’s brow raised as she asked Patric, “Help? We don’t need any help.” 
I scoffed when I saw how arrogant she had become. Why did she never show me this side when she was my wife? 
She used to be a weak woman who cried in every situation. 
Such a crybaby she was! 
I believed her sudden arrogance came to her because of her royal family. 
When someone gets something big overnight, they become overconfident like that. 
“Natalia, can I ask a favor?” Patric asked her. 
Iscowled at him. What favor did he want from her? He was my beta. He did not need anything. 
“Yes?” Natalia asked, glancing behind him at me. 
When my eyes met hers, I forgot what I was thinking about her all these times. Her sharp eyes were pinning on me as if I were a hunter, and she should 
I averted my gaze, put my hands into my pockets, and started to walk toward the meeting hall.
“Tell your brother to put your past aside and then think about the alliance,” Patric muttered to her. 
It halted my steps, and I turned my head toward them to see what Natalia would reply. 
She shook her head and responded calmly. noveldrama
“My brother is not like someone who only likes to humiliate other people. My brother is a professional man. He will think only on a pack basis, not by my 
like your Alpha, you know.” 
Patric looked stunned. I got mad at him. Why did he even go to say that to her? Instead of a positive answer, she taunted me in the reply. 
“She is not the head Alpha of this pack. So stop talking with her, and let’s go,” I said to Patric while stepping forward in the direction where everyone had 
Patric followed me in silence. I did not say anything to him. He should not have gone to her to talk. 
As I stepped inside the meeting hall, I noticed everyone had turned silent. 
I looked around the hall. There was a large wooden table arranged in the middle of the hall. There were a few couches here and there. I could see count 
“How could I forget? It’s a pack of wizards,” I murmured under my breath. 
The Blue Blood Pack was a huge pack that included quite a few wizards along with werewolves. They had a history with them. It was for this reason that 
frequently seek assistance from wizards in order to overcome the difficulties they were facing. 
Just thinking about this habit made me frown. Didn’t that demonstrate how powerless they were in the face of their challenging circumstances? 
Though they believed in unity and helped each other, I had never gone to any witch or wizard to ask for assistance at any time, not even when my father threatening illness. 
“Alpha Adrian.” I heard Alpha Jason’s voice, which made me 
turn my head away from the books. 
I found him sitting on the head chair of the table. His beta Eric was sitting in a seat close to him. 
I walked to the table, ignoring him. I noticed all of my officials. had already taken their seats. They reached there before me and Patric. 
I sat down beside them and returned my attention to Alpha Jason. 
“I thought Alpha Adrian was punctual, and that was the reason he came to my pack one day earlier, but how come you came late to the meeting?” 
I could see others were worried about me getting angry. But I was not here for any argument, so I replied politely, 
“Apologies for that, Alpha Jason. Something interesting caught my attention a while ago, so I was busy looking at it.” 
Everyone was shocked. They understood what I was talking about.
Alpha Jason chuckled and replied, “Of course. I have many interesting things in my pack. That is why Alpha Adrian left all of his work and came here for an alliance.” 
I gave him a nod, showing that I was not in a mood for conflict. 
As the meeting started, one by one, everyone presented their proposals. There were seven Alphas present in the hall, and they approached Alpha Jason about this dea 
When it was my turn, Patric explained my proposals. Other 
Alphas looked horrified when they heard Patric talking about the help in war. 
“Will Alpha Adrian himself come to save this pack?” an Alpha spoke out. 
“If it needs me, I will come,” I said as I turned to that Alpha. 
There was clear evidence in all the Alpha’s eyes that they were lost. The fact that even if I did not propose this, I was still the one who should get the dea facilities as mine? I developed my pack enough to help any other pack. 
Everyone turned their heads to Alpha Jason, who was looking at 
1. me. 
“Impressed?” I asked him, as he had no other option but to give 
1. in. 
Suddenly, he broke into laughter. I frowned at him. 
“Alpha Adrian Miller, you are a thing, man,” he muttered and chuckled. 
The whole hall turned silent. 
“How can you even think my pack will need you? I am enough to protect my pack. Will a man such as yourself, who was defeated by my sister and lost projects to her, support me in a war? You must be k
###Alpha 120
Natalia’s POV 
When Beta Patric talked to me about the alliance, I was stunned. What were the possibilities for them to approach our pack? Why were they so eager about it? 
In my opinion, Adrian should have left yesterday when my brother treated Adrian with disdain and did not permit him to remain in the pack house. 
I thought he would have left, but why was he still here? What was his motive? 
That was why I waited for a while before heading to the meeting hall after they had already gone there. 
The guards could not stop me from going to that area since I was their head Alpha’s sister. 
However, I did not enter the hall but rather simply stood outside. 
I overheard the conversations. 
When I listened to Patric’s explanations, I could not deny to myself that I was impressed. I had never heard of this type of proposal before. 
On the other hand, when an alpha inquired about the war, Adrian responded by saying that he would personally come to offer 
assistance. 
I was shocked. Was he even real? 
It was impossible to find an alpha who would be willing to fight in a war in order to assist another Alpha. Rather than that, it was a chance to destroy the 
I thought my brother would give the deal to the Crystal Blood 
Pack. As a businesswoman, I was aware of the direction in which we ought to proceed. 
But instead of agreeing with Adrian, Jason started to laugh. 
To get a better look at the hall, I gave the door a slight push. As I could see, many men were seated at the table. It appeared as though they were perple 
My eyes landed on Adrian, who appeared to be confused. 
“Alpha Adrian Miller, you are a thing, man,” Jason said and continued laughing. 
“How can you even think my pack will need you? I am enough to protect my pack. Will a man such as yourself, who was defeated by my sister and lost projects to her, support me in a war? You must be kidding.” 
My eyes widened. My brother should not have said that in front
of others. 
It was clearly disrespectful! 
“What are you doing, brother?” I mumbled to myself while looking at him. 
All the officials of Adrian got to their feet. Patric growled at Jason, which made everyone astonished. 
Eric could not take it and growled at him back. “How dare you growl at my Alpha?” Eric asked while glaring at Patric. 
“Tell your Alpha to control his tongue. Has he forgotten who he is talking with?” Patric asked angrily. 
I glanced at Adrian. I was frightened that he would start a fight 
-15 BONUS 
with my brother. 
However, he was calm. He raised his hand to stop the argument 
between the two betas. 
“Sit down, everyone. Let Alpha Jason talk,” Adrian said, looking 
at Jason. 
Though his officials did not want to sit there for a single minute, they had to sit down since it was their Alpha’s order, and they were bound to follow it. 
“It’s true that Alpha Jason is powerful. Maybe he doesn’t need my help. It’s okay. We should not argue about it. It might have hurt his ego.” 
Adrian’s voice was approachable. He seemed to be controlling himself. 
“What do you want to hear from me, Alpha Adrian?” Jason asked, getting to his feet. 
Standing tall, he looked careless about Adrian’s reputation. He looked around the table, and his eyes drew to Alpha Leo. 
“This alliance goes to the Moon Stone Pack. Congratulations, Alpha Leo.” Jason announced. 
His announcement shook everyone. This time, Adrian could not stop himself as he stood up and said, 
“I .” 
“It’s not a court that you can to. It’s my pack meeting, and I am the one who will decide who deserves the deal,” Jason 
retorted. 
“You can’t give the deal to just anyone without giving a reason. 
WON
“I don’t like your deal.” 
“We can discuss.” 
“Why do you need this alliance?” noveldrama
“I just want it. I desire this alliance, and you can change the clauses and add a few new ones if you want.” 
I shook my head and rubbed my forehead. “What are you up to, Adrian?” I mumbled, looking at the situation inside the hall. 
I did not know what I wanted, but I did not want any fights here. 
“There is no way that I would like to link my pack with your pack. You are not good enough. In fact, I think here many Alphas can kill you in wars. It’s just that your father handed you a big pack; that’s why others have to obey yo 
Jason’s words came out bitterly. He glanced at other Alphas, who also stood up in fear as they saw the vocal fights starting 
between two Alphas. 
“By the way, Alpha Adrian is a very unrealistic person. According to what I’ve heard, he was married a few years ago, but his wife eventually left him beca 
engagement or wedding to his girlfriend. I wonder if he has any issues with his healt 
“Alpha Jason, watch your mouth,” Adrian’s gamma warned Jason as his eyes changed color. 
I looked away from the meeting hall and pulled my hair in frustration. I tried to connect my mind links with my brother to stop him. But he closed all the lin 
too, but he also shut down all the links so that they could only focus on the meeting. 
I continued to try, but when I heard Adrian’s angry voice, I became completely frozen. 
“You don’t have to worry about my wife.” 
“Ex–wife,” I heard Eric remind him. 
I turned to the hall once again and glanced at them. Adrian glared at Eric, who rolled his eyes in reaction. 
Adrian turned his head in Jason’s direction and gave him a stern warning, saying, 
“Fuck your alliance. You will get back what you did today.” 
COM
###
Adrian turned around and started to come toward the door. I looked around and tried to find a place to hide. I found a pillar close to me. I rushed toward it and hid behind it.
I peeked out and saw Adrian's officials walking out of the meeting hall with angry faces. They did not notice me and walked past the pillar. When I saw Adrian coming out after them, I shut my eyes and stood behind it.
'Wait a minute! Why am I even hiding? I asked myself.
Was it because I told Beta Patric a while ago that my brother would not humiliate anyone and make a decision fairly? But he had done the opposite.
My eyes widened when I felt someone grab my hand and pull me out from behind the pillar.
I almost gasped when I saw it was Adrian.
He started to drag me in another direction. I frowned at him but did not yell out at him. I was afraid that I would destroy my brother's reputation.
Adrian brought me to another corner, a little far from the meeting hall.
"What are yo-"
He shoved me against the wall and glared at me.
"How could you continue to stand there and listen to my humiliations? You did not come to stop him."
I was stunned. How did he know I was there?
My brows lifted up when I realized that he was aware of my presence in the hall.
Was it because of my scent?
"Why would I come?" I asked, shrugging my shoulders.
He frowned at me. "Do you know why I was controlling my anger when your brother was continuously talking nonsense? It's because of you. I thought you would enter the hall, and..." he paused as he shook his head as if he were disappointed.
*Excuse me? How can you expect me to say anything for you?"
He stared at me with a pair of sharp eyes. "So you don't care about how I feel in the meeting hall?"
I was dumbfounded. What was he talking about? Why would I care for him?
"You have lost your mind, Adrian Miller. Why would I care? Who are you to me that I should care for?"
He appeared to be speechless. I had no idea why I was even talking to this man.
I tried to move, but he placed his hands beside my head, just like he did in the party of the Storm Forest Pack.
I was afraid he would do something like that again.
"If you do something like that again, I will-
'Claw me?" he asked and scoffed at me.
I paused when I heard him mocking me. I shifted my gaze to his body. His words reminded me of the night when he helped me in the forest. I clawed his back that time.
I wondered why he was so calm about it. Why did he not ask me for a cure to heal those wounds?
"I thought of making an alliance with your pack as my first step to extend my hand toward your pack. But what did your brother do? When I asked him to let me stay in his pack house, he rejected me in my face."
I could see bitterness in his eyes. I did not know why, but I could not look into them for a long time. So I averted my gaze and replied,
"You deserve it."
He moved closer to me, and I shifted my head to the side to avoid facing him.
"My dad invited you personally to stay at my pack house. That's how my family treated you. Even after my divorce, they continued to show you their affection. But how did your family behave with me? They mocked me every single second and taunted me as if I were not an Alpha but rather a member of their pack who they could say anything to anytime."
His words were starting to annoy me. I pushed him, which almost took him aback.
I glared at him and said what was on my mind.
"What my brother did was absolutely correct. I was waiting for this day only. Your family treated me well because I always showed them my love. But my family is aware of what you did to me. You are nothing to me and my family; you don't even deserve to be our pack member. You are lucky that my brother only humiliated you. He should have killed yommnn..."
I could not realize it when he came closer and smashed his lips on mine.
I tried to push him, but he grabbed my hands and locked them behind my back. This caused my body to press against his as he brought me closer to him.
I struggled in his arms. His loud heartbeats almost stopped me. He tilted his head and kissed me deeply.
The way his lips moved on my lips brought back memories of many years ago.
I hated it when my past hunted me once again.
I shut my eyes to calm myself as my eyes almost changed color. My claws came out, and I scratched his chest angrily.
He groaned in pain and broke the kiss. He lowered his head and looked at his chest. He could see the claw marks on his shirt because the claw had torn his shirt.
His eyes turned red as he returned his gaze to me. "You gave me so many wounds, darling. Let me give you one." Before I could understand his furious words, he crashed his lips on mine once again. He bit my lower lip harshly, and that gave me a little pain.
I hissed when I felt blood on my mouth. He let go of my lips and looked at me.
His entire face was ablaze with rage the entire time. I touched my lips and discovered blood on my fingertips.
I grabbed his collar and gazed at him with a fierce expression on my face.
"How dare you even touch me without my permission?'
He glared at me in return and replied to me,
"I don't need anyone's permission to touch you. No one can stop me, not even you yourself."noveldrama
###Alpha 122
My fists were shaking while grabbing his collar. My anger was so intense that I felt the desire to kill the man standing in front of 
1. me. 
But I controlled myself and let go of him. 
“Just shut your mouth,” 
He didn’t stop and threw a bunch of questions at me. 
“What gave your brother the audacity to talk about my health? What did he think? His sister got impregnated by someone else, not because of her sham 
With a fury face, he yearned for the answers. 
I had no answer to his questions. My brother had provoked him by talking about this, 
“I will snatch everything from you and your brother. I will make your family get on their feet in front of me. Remember my words, Natalia Hansley,” 
“Leave my pack and never come back here again. My pack. doesn’t need you.” 
“I’m leaving your pack this time, But I will not let your brother go. The man who insulted me in front of other Alphas deserves to die in my hands.” 
I was shocked by his words. I roared at him. 
“Don’t you dare hurt him. Death can not touch him. Do you know why?” 
He stared at me as though he saw something strange, which I did 
not care about. 
I moved closer to him and muttered, 
“Because I am always with him. Whoever will think to hurt him, I will rip his heart out of his chest.” 
My words were directly for him. I wanted to let him know that I could even think about killing him if he dared to harm my 
brother. 
Adrian did not move, not even let out anything. It was like he was lost in something. It seemed like he did not even hear me clearly. 
I scoffed at him when I noticed him staring at my lips. I lifted my hand to wipe my lips with a disgusted look on my face. 
I turned around and started to walk fast to leave his side. I did not want to lose my mind by remaining by his side. 
When I reached the living room, I made my way to my room in al hasty manner. 
I heard a maid calling out to me from behind, “Young Miss?”
This caused me to turn around and look at her. 
“Alpha told you to go to his room. 
“Why? Is the meeting over?” 
“No. He said he would be there in a while.” 
I gave her a nod. Before I could turn around, the maid spoke out again. 
“Your lips.” 
I covered my mouth. Did she see the wound on my lips? 
“Your lipstick has gone.” 
I was stunned by her words. I usually apply light–colored 
lipstick, but today, I used red lipstick. So my maids might have noticed it. I realized it was because of the kiss that my lipstick had faded away. 
“I rubbed tissue on my lips. Maybe that’s why.” 
I turned around and walked to my room. The moment I closed the door, something caught my mind. 
I immediately rushed to the mirror and looked at my lips. 
I saw that the cut on my bottom lip had already healed. 
“Did he notice it that time?” 
I strolled to my bed and sat down. I did not know what he wanted. from me. 
The more I tried to stay away from him, the more he came closer 
to me. 
As the thought of his kiss crossed my mind again, I rubbed my lips. 
“I hate you. I hate you. I hate you,” I repeated the words while thinking about him. 
I was aware that what my brother had done was inappropriate. But that man deserved those humiliations. In fact, after what he did today, I believed he should 
“Isn’t it harassment? How dare he kiss me?” I pulled my hair in distress and stood up. 
During the time that I was walking back and forth in my room,
the door suddenly opened. 
I stopped to look at the two men entering my room. 
“I called you in my room. Why didn’t you go there?” Jason asked me as he closed the door. noveldrama
Eric was with him, coming towards me. 
“What happened to you? Why do you look worried?” he asked me. 
I ignored him and looked at my brother directly. I was mad at Eric for what I had heard yesterday. 
“Brother, why did you do that?” I asked Jason. 
He frowned at me. “What did I do?” 
“Brother, I know everything.” 
“How? Have you installed a camera in the meeting room?” he asked, chuckling. 
I could see he was in a great mood. I sighed and walked to him. 
“Brother, I have always seen you speak politely with everyone. But the actions you took today were not appropriate. Why did your disrespect him in front 
Jason held my hand. “Natalia, why do you care for him? Have you. forgotten what that man did to you?” 
I shook my head. “I still remember every single thing, brother. But I didn’t expect that from you. You set up the whole meeting just to humiliate him like th 
Jason cupped my face and replied, 
“I can’t see tears in my sister’s eyes. That man made you cry countless times. The divorce did not stop him; he kept troubling 
You searszentry. I should have taught him a lesson many years 
The Beat “Brother I don’t know. What should I say or 
te povstand on my head and stroked my hair. 
*ANG BEAUgance today. He will never show up in front of you again. I showed him his real place today.” 
Blix working to say, I nodded my head and stood there 
“Alpha Leo is my end. The contract was made with him. I’m Treating a party tomorrow for the alliance” 
“‘ was to join any party,” Isaid as I turned around and Hoe my way to the window. 
“You ace the C30 of the pack company. You have to attend the Jory” 
“Hmm, “Izesponded while looking outside.
The and your stared at me for a while. When they saw I was not surding to them, they quietly left my room, leaving me alone to mysel
###Alpha 123
“Young Miss, Alpha is calling you for dinner.” 
I heard my maid’s voice coming inside as she stood outside my room while knocking on my door, 
“I don’t want to,” I replied to her without opening the door. 
“I am afraid that Aria and Noah would not eat if you refused to eat something” 
I let out a sigh and then proceeded to open the door. When the maid turned her head to the door and saw me open it 
unexpectedly, she took a step back 
“Where are they? 
“In the dining room with Alpha.‘ 
I gave her a nod and made my way to the dining room 
After entering the dining room, I noticed that my twins were already eating when I spotted them sitting with their uncle. 
“That maid lied to me,” I muttered under my breath. 
“She didn’t lie. I sent her to you, “Jason said to me as his eyes fell 
on me 
I walked toward the table and sat close to his chair. Aria and Noah fixed their gazes on me. 
“Mommy, are you in a bad mood Noah asked me 
I shook my head briefly before beginning to eat. At that moment, 
I was not in the mood to respond to anything 
My mind was not working, and at the same time, I was not 
feeling well today. 
I was aware that it was due to the actions and words that Adrian had taken toward me. Specifically, it was the rage that 
completely engulfed my heart. I wanted to let it out, but there was no way to do it. 
“Is everything okay?” Jason asked. 
“Hmm.”
“Are you mad at me?” he asked in a soft tone. noveldrama
I paused and turned my head toward him. “No, brother. I am not feeling well.” 
He reached out and placed his palm on my forehead. “Do you have a fever?” he inquired, checking my temperature. 
“No. Your temperature is normal. Then what happened to my little baby?” 
I could sense the stress in his voice. The concern that he had for me was visible in his eyes when I looked at him. 
“I’m fine, brother. I just need some fresh air.” 
“Then go to the forest and take some fresh air. It will make you feel good.” 
I froze at his words. “Forest?” 
He gave a slight nod of his head and then proceeded to continue eating by placing the fork in his mouth. 
“Will Mommy go there alone? Uncle Eric is not here,” Noah spoke out. 
I glanced at him and observed the worried look on his face. He 
was protective of his mother. 
“Don’t worry. No one can harm your mommy here. It’s our pack, “Jason gave him assurance. Then he turned to me and mumbled, 
“Even if someone dares, they will only get death in return.” 
I could not help but stare at him since I understood what he was trying to say. I turned my attention away from them and concentrated on finishing my plate early. 
Aria did not let out anything during the dinner because I scolded her yesterday for going to Adrian. I told her to avoid him at all times and to keep her dist her. 
“Good night,” I said to my twins and my brother after we had finished our dinner. 
“If you want, I can send anyone with you. Eric is not here. He is busy with arrangements for tomorrow’s party,” Jason told me when we saw my babies go 
Brother, Eric is not my bodyguard Things that you stated about us to other people were not to my liking. It will only serve to destroy the friendship that I share with Erie.” 
He turned to me and stared at me for a while. 
want you to be happy, Natalia. 
“I am happy. I don’t need anyone right now. Considering that you have already carried out the actions that you intended to take with Adrian, it is almost certain that he will never come here for any kind of business. I will never go there, even If some
As soon as he heard me, Jason became completely silent. I turned 
around at the entrance and walked to the main door. 
“I will talk to Eric then. I will never ask you about this again.” I heard his voice from behind. 
Without turning to him, I replied, 
There is no need for that. I will talk to Eric directly.” 
I eventually made my way out of the pack house and headed in the direction of the forest. 
Upon entering the forest, the cold breeze brushed against my body, causing me to experience chills along my spine. 
Despite this, I did not pause and continued to go forward while looking around. 
After what seemed like a long time of walking, I finally turned around and realized that I had come fairly far from the pack 
house. 
Turning around, I went back in the direction I had been going. There was no way I would be lost here. It was my own pack. I knew every way to get out of the forest. 
Taking a few deep breaths, I looked up at the moon that was dangling above my head in the middle of the sky. Due to the fact that clouds and trees were 
I was walking along but suddenly came to a stop when I heard. the sound of something crunching behind me. 
I tried to listen to them carefully to understand where those. sounds were coming from. 
When those footsteps almost reached me, I turned around 
immediately. 
I saw two unfamiliar men. I frowned at them and asked, 
“Who are you?” 
They scanned every part of my body, from my head to my toes, until their hungry eyes met mine. 
My brows shot up when I realized who they were. 
“Rogues!” 
How were they able to go into the forest? The Blue Blood Pack’s border guards were the most brutal. It was rare for rogues to enter the pack. 
A smirk appeared on their faces as they started to approach me. 
“The forest at midnight is such a stunning sight, isn’t it? What is a beauty like you doing here at this time? You must be homeless. Your clothes are telling
I took a few steps back while looking at them. “Stay away from 
me.” 
The other men chuckled at me. Both of them were young men. I could see lust flaming in their eyes. 
They reminded me of the rogues I had to escape from when I was leaving the Crystal Blood Pack. 
I turned around and started running in a different direction instead. As they chased me, I could hear their footsteps following behind me. 
“Don’t run away. You will not be in a position to run if we shift.” 
I ignored their shouts behind me and continued to run. I did not want to recall my past anymore. 
My legs froze when I had to stop in front of a lake. Under the moonlight, its water was glistening. 
“You hardly have any options for where to go. Now, who will save you from us?” 
“Just look at her body. I can’t control myself from taking her from behind.” 
I heard their dirty words behind me. As I had nowhere to go, I raised my head and looked at the moon. 
“Don’t waste our time. Come on,” one of them said, and he began to approach me from behind. 
The other man joined him as both of them came close to me and stood beside both of my sides. 
“Don’t worry, we won’t kill you, but we will eat you every day. We won’t waste such beauty, but bloom it daily.” 
They started to laugh as their eyes scanned me from both sides. 
I was silent as I glanced at the moon. I slowly lowered my head to the lake, as I could see my reflection on the water very clearly. 
“Why are you so silent?” The man on my left side asked with confusion. 
I exhaled deeply and shook my head. 
“Nothing, just looking at my reflection. It’s been quite some time since I have shifted,” I murmured, which caught them off guard. 
They might have thought I would scream in fear or something. 
They exchanged glances with each other and lowered their heads. to look at the water. 
But the moment their eyes landed on my reflection, which was showing my wolf, their eyes widened in horror. 
Their bodies started to tremble as one of them let out a shaken voice.
“Ab–black wolf with blue eyes!” 
###Alpha 124
“No, this can’t be possible,” the man shouted out in disagreement. 
The other man was frozen while staring at my reflection. While I was looking at the water, I was able to see the expressions on their faces. 
“You are a witch, aren’t you? This is all an illusion! You are fooling us to save yourself.” The man kept mumbling, though his knees were shaking. 
The other man took a step back slowly, as if he had to use much strength to move his legs. 
“She is an Alpha!” he spoke out in fear. noveldrama
The man who was disagreeing with the fact started shaking his head. “She can be an alpha female, but that wolf! That’s impossible! How can that wolf w 
A grin formed on my lips as they curled in the left corner. I was enjoying the fear they were experiencing right now. 
I turned my head and smirked at them, 
“Done muttering nonsense?” 
Both of their eyes widened as though they were seeing a ghost. 
They were frightened by just looking into my eyes. They turned blue. Not any ocean blue like omegas, but deep blue, which could consume any darknes 
I twisted my neck to the left and right. The sounds of breaking bones caught their ears. They gulped as they took another step back. 
“W–We thought y–you-” 
“You what? You thought I was an omega? You saw the fear in my face and thought to catch me. For what?” 
“W–We had no idea that you were an alpha. If we had known, we would not have approached you in the first place.” 
I chuckled as I felt nervousness in their tones. They could not even move or run because they knew if they tried, it would only grant them death. 
It was what my brother was talking about at the dining table. If anyone would dare harm me, I was enough to kill them. 
I remembered the night when Adrian had saved me from rogues during the council’s party event. If he had not come to save me that day, I would have k 
I always tried to avoid any conflict first, but when I saw there was no way, I had to show them who I was. And the moment they recognized me, they wou 
I, Natalia Hansley, was not an omega but an alpha she– wolf. For many years, people tried to locate an Alpha like me, but they failed. It was because my wolf could not shift until I came back to my own pack. 
Only my family was aware of my wolf’s appearance. Otherwise, why did my father give me such a high position in the pack company? Why did my broth 
I could see both men glancing at each other and attempting to run away from me.
“What are you two planning? Don’t you want to play with me? What were you saying? Eating me every day, blooming me daily. What about those things? 
They shook their heads. “Forgive this naive man.” 
“Forgive me, Alpha. We didn’t know someone like you was staying here in this pack.” 
Both of them asked forgiveness. I could not let them go so easily. They tried to harass me. If I were not a powerful wolf, they might have already hovered over me to release their desire. 
Who knew how many girls they had done that with? 
I let out a loud growl just thinking about them doing those things. to other innocent women. 
My growl made their knees quiver as they fell to their knees on the ground. 
I made my way to them at a deliberate pace. “I made an effort to run to avoid any conflict. I don’t want to shift because I can’t control my aggression in m 
“F–Forgive us-” 
I stopped the man by grabbing his hair and pulling it behind him. He groaned in pain. 
“Women are not weak. It’s just the rank that made the men more powerful.” 
The other man kneeled his head in front of me in submission so that I would let him go. 
I let go of the man’s hair and retrieved a few steps. 
“Go.” 
They raised their heads to look at me. I gave them a nod. “Go and run faster so that I can’t grab you. If I grab any of you, you will be dead.” 
They immediately stood up, then turned around to run. 
I stood there while looking at them, who were running faster. A scoff came out of my mouth when I saw one of them even fall to the ground while running in a hurry. It reminded me of the day wh 
I clenched my jaw while recalling my past. I took a step back, then began to run forward to catch those two men. 
After a while, under the moonlight, my black giant wolf landed her paws on the ground, running to hunt them. 
My wolf, Nancy, was stronger than what others think about a black wolf with blue eyes. They were unaware of the ability I had. 
It took me a few minutes to catch one of them. He shifted to save his life. But before he could attack me, I clawed his chest and 
killed him. 
The other man did not know that I had killed his companion already. So when I detected him, he began to call his friend in
fear. 
He tried to show his daring side by biting my leg after shifting. However, it took me a few seconds to heal my wounds. I broke his neck and threw his wol to me. His dead body swung on a tree branch and dangled there. 
I looked up in the sky and howled while gazing at the moon. 
‘I will kill each and every person like this whoever tries to come 
in my way.‘ 
###Alpha 125
The next day, I got late to get ready for the party. As I returned to the pack house early in the morning, I fell asleep for quite a few. hours. 
I was damn sure that my brother would start to think that his sister had become lazy. 
Well, it would be best if he took over my position in the pack company and freed me from this huge responsibility. It was getting harder for me to handle it. 
The reason was only because of Adrian Miller. 
I could not just forget his words and actions that he had said and done to me. Whenever the kiss came to mind, I kept balling my finger into my fists. 
Despite the anxiety inside me, I wore the dress that my brother sent me to wear to the party. 
After applying makeup and putting on a pair of high heels, I left my room and proceeded to my children’s room. 
When I reached there, I noticed them paying attention to their studies. I smiled at them while standing at the door. 
They were the reason I was alive. By just looking at them, I could spend my whole life alone. I did not need any man in my life to protect me. They did no 
“Mommy,” Aria mumbled sadly when she noticed me: 
Noah turned his head to look at me. He smiled at me and ran toward me. 
I held his hand and walked toward Aria, who lowered her head with an upset look. 
She was still upset about the scolding. I sat beside her on the bed and hugged her. 
“What happened to my baby?” 
She pouted and did not utter a word. 
I kissed her head and said, 
“Mommy is sorry. She scolded you that day. But you have to understand that what she is telling you is right for you.” 
She looked at me with tearful eyes. I wiped the corner of her eyes and embraced her with both of my hands. 
“I’m sorry, Mommy.” 
“It’s okay, my baby.” 
After breaking the hug, I saw Noah staring at me. He always behaved like a mature boy.
I wondered why he behaved like that toward Adrian that day. I had never told him anything against him then what was the reason behind his behavior? 
“Mommy, when will we go to a party with you?” Aria asked with hope in her eyes. 
I bit my lower lip to control my emotions. I was not a good mother. Even if I wanted to go and tell the whole world that I was their mother, because of thei safety, I could not reveal them to others. 
“Soon, my baby.” 
+15 
5 BONUS 
“Don’t worry, Mommy. We don’t like parties that much,” Noah said, hugging me. 
I was blessed to have caring children like them. 
Sometimes I thought, What if I could give them a normal family? Would they be happier than they were right then? 
I left their rooms and went downstairs, only to find my brother and Eric waiting for me. 
“You came home late today,” Jason inquired as we walked out of the pack house. 
“As you suggested to me last night, I was enjoying the fresh air outside,” I replied, getting in the backseat as Jason’s driver opened the car door for me. Jason sat next to me. 
Meanwhile, Eric sat in the passenger seat beside the driver’s seat. He turned his head and glanced at me. 
I could see he wanted to talk to me. But I was angry at him. He was my good friend, and that was why his words affected me. Otherwise, I would have ne 
“I got a call from the border guard a while ago. He said two rogues entered our pack last night,” Eric told Jason. 
Jason frowned after hearing that. “What? Then what were the guards doing at the border? Standing like statues?” 
“They had no idea when the rogues entered our pack. They might have come here with guests since everyone is coming here to attend today’s party.” 
–“How did they get the news?” 
“Someone reported some photos to our gamma. I’m sending 
those photos to you. Check it.” 
When Eric sent the photos to Jason’s phone, he looked at them to check them. His frown faded slowly as he watched the picture of a dead wolf and another wolf dangling on a tree branch while his neck looked broken before death. 
He turned his head to me, and without thinking twice, he asked
1. me. 
“Did you shift last night?” 
I chuckled when I found my brother so sure that I had killed those wolves. 
“Of course she did,” Eric muttered, turning his head to look away from me. 
I glanced at him, who was now looking at the road. I sighed and turned my head toward my brother. 
They were chasing me, so I killed them,” I simply replied. 
He cupped my cheek and asked, “Are you okay? Did they try to do something?” Anger was visible in his face. 
“Don’t worry, brother. Before they could touch me, I put an end to them.” 
Jason smiled at me proudly. “That’s my little baby.” 
I sighed and turned to look outside the window, where I could see passing landscapes. I did not enjoy killing others. I was not that type of fighter wolf wh 
When we reached the party, I entered the hall with Jason and Eric. 
Everyone greeted us and congratulated my brother for the new 
alliance. 
“My buddy, let’s celebrate the party,” Alpha Leo said, hugging my brother. 
His eyes fell on me as he broke the hug and approached me. He reached out my hand and kissed the back of my hand. 
I did not mind it, as it was a gesture of greeting. I gave him a nod with a warm smile. 
But his words stunned me when he let go of my hand. noveldrama
“I want to turn this business friendship into a relationship.” 
BIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you
###Alpha 126
The statements made by Alpha Leo stunned me. For what purpose did he say that? 
When another Alpha came to approach him to offer his congratulations, he turned around to face that man. 
“It was your project from the beginning, Alpha Leo. We all knew Alpha Jason would give this project to his friend,” that alpha said 
to Leo. 
“Of course,” Leo replied. 
Because I was standing behind them, I was able to overhear 
them. With the intention of remaining by myself, I made a left turn and then proceeded to the opposite side. 
Right now, I was not in the mood to listen to anything, so I paid no attention to it. By the way, the party was not hosted by my company, where I would ha 
I went to sit down on a couch and then started to use my phone. Several pieces of news caught my attention. 
As I scrolled through the timeline, I came across the news about how Alpha Jason caused Alpha Adrian to feel ashamed during a meeting. 
One of the head Alphas made a few statements in which they described what my brother had said to Adrian, and I couldn’t help but roll my eyes when I saw those statements. The majority of them added more than what my brother had said. 
It was evident that they were happy that the Crystal Blood Pack and the Blue Blood Pack had returned to their rivalry. 
No one wished for the two powerful packs to become acquainted with one another. 
My curiosity led me to inquire as to whether or not Adrian had anything to say about the matter Aside from that, there was no news about it. It was obviou 
statement after such humiliations. It was insulting, like getting defeated in wars. 
I overheard some Alphas discussing Adrian’s inability, and my eyebrows furrowed as a reaction to what I heard. 
I immediately locked my phone and glanced at the other couches close to mine. 
“Alpha Jason was right. We did hear some news about Alpha Adrian’s wedding some years ago. I wonder who the woman was. Not only did he never ma 
“Exactly. She vanished into the air. Did he kill her?” 
“Maybe. Or perhaps he used money to silence her. You know, a man’s power or rank is unworthy if he can’t satisfy a woman in bed.” 
All of them started to laugh while having the conversation. 
I looked away from them. I did not know why, but I felt mad at them. How could they say something about which they had no idea? noveldrama
Would they ever dare to say these things in front of Adrian?
“Don’t think about him, Natalia. Distract yourself with something else,‘ I reminded myself, and I got to my feet. 
I grabbed a drink from a waiter who was serving drinks to others. I chugged down a glass and then placed it back on the tray that the waiter was holding appeared to be taken aback by my action. 
I gave a shrug of the shoulders as if it were irrelevant whether or not I got drunk later. I just wanted to put that man totally out of my mind. What was the 
“Natalia.” 
I heard my brother’s voice calling out my name. I turned in the direction of his voice. 
I saw him waving at me from afar. He was asking me to join him. 
I gave him a nod of agreement and headed to him. By the time I got closer to him, I noticed that Alpha Leo and a few other people were with him. 
I could see Alpha Leo’s eyes fixed on me. I ignored his gaze and stood right next to my brother. 
“Alpha Leo was talking about inviting us into his pack,” Jason said to me. 
“Brother, I think you should go. I am a little busy in company,” I responded politely. 
Before my brother could say anything, Alpha Leo spoke out. 
“Oh, come on. You are so stunning. Maybe other CEOs give you the projects just by glancing at your beauty.” 
I was on the verge of rolling my eyes at his words, but I managed to keep my composure. Did he just try to flirt with me in front of my brother? 
But his words were kind of offensive to me, so I cleared my 
throat and replied, 
“You are wrong. I got projects by showing my working skills, not by showing my beauty.” 
Alpha Leo and the other men who were standing close to us appeared to be surprised at my reply. I could say that they did not expect me to talk back. 
Jason grinned when he heard me. Like a proud brother, he wrapped his hand around my shoulder and said to Alpha Leo, 
“My sister is a gem. Whatever she touches, it turns gold. She is a workaholic woman who likes to achieve everything through her own hard work. So wat 
Alpha Leo chuckled awkwardly. “Actually, the truth is, I am blown away by her beauty.” 
I was taken aback by his remarks. Jason frowned at him while listening to him. 
“Jason, we have been friends for quite some time. Why don’t we turn this friendship into a deeper connection with one another?” 
“What do you mean?” Jason asked. 
Alpha Leo glanced at me and smirked. I found it weird. However, I tried to understand the meaning behind his question.
I was not a fool who needed to think much. But I had never seen any other Alpha ask something like that to my brother. Everyone 
knew that my brother was a little aggressive. Therefore, even if they wanted to look at me, they always considered how my brother would react to it. 
Alpha Leo turned his attention back to my brother and offered a proposal directly. 
“I want to make your sister my Luna.” 
?
###Alpha 127
I was shocked by his sudden proposal. Everyone knew that every alpha wanted to form an alliance with our pack. That was why some of them tried to get in touch with me. However, Alpha Leo’s pack was already in the alliance. Then why did he ask for my hand? 
I slowly turned my head toward my brother to look at his 
reaction. 
I prayed in my head that he would not say anything stupid again. Last time, he almost fixed my marriage with Eric, and now this Alpha Leo. 
I wanted to decline it, so I spoke out. 
“Alpha Leo, I-” 
“I can’t accept your offer, Alpha Leo,” my brother interrupted 
1. me. 
I immediately looked at him. He glanced at me and gave me a nod. I felt relaxed. 
But the other men around us turned to us and began to overhear the conversation. Some of the Alphas gasped when they heard Jason reject the offer directly. 
“But why?” Jason asked. I could feel a little anger in his voice. 
“My sister does not want to get married right now. She still has some dreams to fulfill. She wants to live her life fully first. Then we will think about it. 
|| 
Jason’s voice was gentle, and his words were both polite. 
AA 
asked, noveldrama
“Then what about an engagement? She can do whatever she 
wants after it. I won’t stop her from doing anything in her life. She can continue the business.” 
At that time, someone else spoke out from behind. 
“Take our apology, but she has a boyfriend.”
I turned around and saw Eric walking toward us. 
Alpha Leo raised his brow and inquired, “Who is he? You?” 
Eric stood beside me and nodded his head. 
“Yeah, you are right. She is my girlfriend. I won’t like it if 
someone else makes a marriage proposal to my girlfriend.” 
I stared at Eric. He glanced at me. I looked away from him. I could not scold him for what he had done just now. 
Without my permission, he lied to everyone about us. 
Alpha Leo glared at Eric, whom he discarded. He looked at Jason, who was calm and indifferent. 
“Is he telling the truth, Jason?” Alpha Leo asked loudly, which caught more attention. 
‘What’s wrong with this man? Why is he creating drama?‘ I thought. 
Jason told me to go, and I assumed he would talk to Alpha Leo personally since they were friends. 
I walked out of their way and headed to the entrance door. I did not want to stay here any longer. I wanted to go back to my 
babies. 
While walking out of the hall, I turned my head to glance at Jason for the last time. He was talking with Alpha Leo, who looked offended. 
Alpha Leo’s eyes met my gaze, and I felt uncomfortable when his eyes scanned my body. I averted my gaze from him. 
“Pervert!” I muttered and left the party hall. 
I went back to the pack house in Jason’s car. I did not tell Jason that I was leaving, but I knew he was aware of it. 
After entering the pack house, I went to my twin’s room. They jumped when they looked at me. They were delighted that their mother had returned early 
I had dinner with them after changing my clothes. That night, I slept in their room while hugging them in my arms. 
“Young Miss.” 
I opened my eyes as I heard someone calling by name. As I turned my head, I noticed my maid bowing to me. 
I tried to move my hand, but I found two little babies clinging to me. Their eyes were closed, and they were in deep sleep. 
I smiled at their cute faces and kissed their heads. I turned my attention and looked at my maid. 
“What happened? Is it time to go to the office?” I asked and slowly moved my hands away from my children’s heads.
“Today is the weekend. You don’t have to go to the company, young miss.” 
“Then what has occurred in the early morning?” I inquired as I got out of bed. 
“Y–Your parents have returned to the pack house,” she replied, lowering her head. 
A smile appeared on my face. It was good news. I was missing them. They had finally gotten back home. 
“It’s good news.” 
“No, young Miss. There is bad news. Alpha is downstairs, talking with them. I thought to inform you about their arrival.” 
Her statement confused me. What kind of bad news was she talking about? 
I did not waste my time going to the bathroom to freshen up. I dashed downstairs to meet my parents. 
When I reached there, my legs froze. My father looked upset. My mother was crying in my brother’s arms. 
“Mom? Dad? What happened?” I asked them. 
They turned to me. I rushed to my mother, who broke the hug from Jason and embraced me. 
“Your uncle is no more.” 
I was shocked at the news. I did not know how I would console my mother. 
“He died yesterday. I had only one person left in the family, and he also died. How will I live now?” 
I realized that my father had not informed us about it since if Jason went to the funeral, and I would also have to go there. Who 
would have been with my children at that time? 
I did not move from my mother’s side the whole day. I tried to comfort her since she had just lost her family. 
At night, I convinced my mother to eat something. After persuading her to have dinner, I left my parents‘ room. 
Just when I returned to my room, I saw someone waiting for me. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked him. 
“Natalia, how long will you be angry with me?” 
I sighed as I stared at Eric. I considered him to be one of my family members. I could not stay mad longer with him.
“Eric, let’s talk directly,” I said, closed the door, and then approached him. 
He looked nervous. In fact, for the first time, he looked nervous in any situation. It only gave me a bad feeling that I was going to hear what I did not want to hear from him. 
He took a deep breath and replied 
“I love you, Natalia.”
###Alpha 128
I was stunned. More than shock, I was upset. I did not want our friendship to turn out like this. I would have been happier if he had come to tell me about someone else who he liked but not me. 
The pair of desperate eyes were focused on me. I could hear how his heart was beating faster as he waited for my answer. 
How would I reject him on his face? I did not want him to be heartbroken. 
“From when?” I asked, trying to compose myself. 
He lowered his head and started to speak. 
“From the day I met you, from the day Jason brought you to the pack house.” 
I looked away from him as I remembered the day when I first met him. He was a nice guy, and his every gesture was kind toward me. I thought it was because I was his best friend’s sister. 
With a heavy heart, I wanted to say that I had never seen him like 
that. 
“Eric, I-” 
“Natalia, I know you are a single mother. I also know that your children are your life. But believe me. You also have your own life where you are really alone. You need someone w 
I frowned at him. “Protect me from what? You know that I am- 
“An alpha. I know. But what about your emotional and mental support?” 
“Love is not based on need, Eric. I mumbled as a few memories of my past reflected in my mind. 
“Love is something we feel for someone even if they are not 
aware of it, even if they want to decline our feelings for them,” I murmured. 
The days when I used to roam around my ex– husband just to get his attention returned to my mind. It took me a lot of days to wait for him, and when he finally came back home, it was after 
several weeks had passed. I used to love him with all my heart and soul. However, he never acknowledged my love. In the end, I only had to feel heartbroken. 
I felt a hand hold my hand and caress the back of my hand with a
thumb. 
I looked at Eric, who gave me a sad look and said, 
? 
“My love is not weak either, Natalia. I have been in love with you for so many years. I want to be with you. I will always try to make you happy. As you know, I live in this house. You all are my family. You don’t have to think about sta 
I got what he meant. He explained to me the advantages of being with him. 
I heaved a sigh and tried to move my hand, but he held it tightly. “Natalia, I love your children like mine. I will give them my name. You will not have to think about them anymore. You don’t have to hide them as well. You can proudly tell others that they have their own father.” 
I felt a pang in my heart. His words really mesmerized me. He was a really sensible man. He indeed loved my children a lot. 
However, I could not just destroy his life. I did not have any feelings for him. So, making his life connected with mine would only waste his life. He would not get anything that he wished to see in his life partner. 
I looked at our hands and rubbed his hand, which was over mine. “Eric.” 
He shook his head in disagreement. “I know you don’t want to take a risk. I will make sure your second marriage will not break up in any way.” 
His statements astounded me. He was talking about marriage. 
“Eric, calm down and look at me. 
He looked into my eyes. I gestured to him to take a deep breath, and then I spoke to him calmly. 
“I didn’t know that you had feelings for me. But you have to understand my side too. You are not only my brother’s best friend, but also mine. I gave you the position as one of my family members. Without you, my family is incomplete. I also know that 
I paused and lowered my head as I could not keep eye contact with him anymore. 
“I don’t have any feelings for you. I always saw you as a very close friend. I won’t call you my big brother to hurt your emotions. But you are important to 
I took a deep breath and glanced at him. He loosened his grip on my hand. But I did not let his hand go. I continued to speak once again. 
“I don’t want this one–sided. It will only give you pain, just like I felt many years ago. I don’t want to hurt you. You are a good person, and I want you to find your mate soon and be happy in your life. I am sorry, Eric. I don’t want to give you any fake hopes. I don’t love you.”
Eric took a step back as his hand slowly moved away from my 
hand. I stared at his broken look. I felt bad, but it should have 
happened many years ago. I di noveldrama
happened many years ago. I did not want him to compromise his 
life for someone who did not even see him more than a friend. It would only be a marriage of compromises. 
“Eric,” I mumbled while looking at him. 
He lifted his hand to stop me. He turned his head to the other side to control emotion. 
I walked to him and reached for his hand. “I’m so sorry, Eric.” 
He shook his head. “No, it’s not your fault. You can’t help it,” he muttered as he slowly walked past me. He made his way to the door. 
“Eric.” 
“Give me some time. I will be fine,” he replied, grabbing the doorknob. 
But the moment he opened the door, he froze. His sudden pause perplexed me. 
He looked here and there with a pair of wide eyes. He looked worried, and his eyes turned cloudy. 
I rushed toward him as soon as I realized that someone was `informing him of something in the mind link. 
I grabbed his hand and turned him to me. “What happened?” 
He looked shocked as he left the room in a hurry before saying, 
“Jason is not feeling well.” 
###Alpha 129
Time was running faster, like a marathon. It had been a few months since Jason got sick. Everything was changing every day. The pack was unable to ru 
My family was going through a turmoil of emotions. No one had thought that my brother would get sick like that. 
That night, when Eric confessed to me, I tried to control the situation with him. But the moment I heard about my brother’s health, I rushed to his room. 
However, what I saw in his room made me burst into tears. Jason was vomiting blood. My mother was beside him, pouring her heart out while crying. 
I could not believe that my brother, who always looked so strong, was looking weak at that time. 
My father immediately contacted the pack doctor, and the next day, Jason was admitted to the pack hospital. 
Unexpectedly, the pack doctor could not find out about Jason’s illness. In fact, he told us to call someone who can summon witches to help Jason. Because the sickness would only make Jason weaker the more time passed. 
When we called Qadir, he did his best to find out the cause of his illness. However, he also failed to say anything. 
But the target of attention was me the whole time. He said something startling to me. 
After hearing his words, I felt a shiver run down my spine. His words were clear, and his eyes were glowing enough to tell that 
he was saying what he was watching. 
“The danger you are going to face will either destroy you or protect you. But the decision will be in your hands. You will have to choose the path in your own way.” 
I could still feel the dread that I felt at that moment. What type of danger was I going to face? I could just hope that he was not talking about something related to my children. 
After some time had passed, I made an effort to get in touch with Doctor Max, but I did not have his phone number. The head Alpha of his pack informed us that he had already given us Doctor Max’s cure; now they did not want to give us anything anymore. 
I realized that I had used that cure on Adrian’s father. But I did not feel guilty for that. How could I feel guilty after saving someone’s life? 
But I was feeling broken inside me day by day. 
“Boss, don’t get stressed.” Damia’s voice made me come out of my thoughts about what had happened in the last few months. 
I rubbed my forehead, leaning my back against my chair behind my desk. I was depressed about my pack company. 
From the moment Jason got sick, he could not focus on the pack meetings or any kind of deal. On the other hand, I was losing many projects in the busi
I had no idea what was going on in our pack. Everything seemed to be ruined each day after one person had gotten sick, and that was the head Alpha of the pack. 
“Miss, please, let’s go to have lunch. You didn’t eat anything in the morning.” 
I put all the files aside and looked at my phone’s lock screen. There was a picture of my children that was displayed on it. The fact that they were smiling in the p calm and not break down. 
“I am worried for my brother. I don’t know what will happen to him,” I mumbled as I tried to control my tears. 
It had been a long time since I last cried. I promised myself that I would not cry in any situation and would fight back. 
“He will be fine. Please don’t be concerned,” Damia patted her hand on my shoulder. She tried to soothe me, but only I knew how I was feeling inside. 
The whole day passed in the office. I looked completely exhausted from working so much. I could see all the employees looked tired. They had been working equally hard on every project, but it see to give us any deals right 
now. 
I did not know what had gotten over me. I stopped in the lobby area before leaving and looked at the employees who were about to head back to their homes. 
“Thank you so much for your hard work. I will always remember you all.” 
My statement seemed to shock them. But they instantly bowed to me in order to demonstrate their respect for me. 
I gave them a slight mod and left the company. While heading back to the pack house in Jason’s car, I was thinking about how time betrayed us. 
Because Jason was concerned about my safety, he instructed me 
to use his car rather than mine. He stopped getting out of the pack house after falling ill. 
When the car halted in front of the pack house, I thanked the driver and entered the pack house. 
My twins ran toward me, and I embraced them in my arms. 
I could see my family sitting on the couches. When they noticed me, they gave me a sad look. I came home late once again. 
“How are you, brother?” I asked Jason as I went to sit next to him.
“Brother is sorry for you. You have to handle so many things. 
I hugged his arm and rested my head on his shoulder. “As long as my brother is okay, I don’t have a problem with anything.” 
“What if your brother dies soon?” 
His question shook me to the core. I moved my head and looked at him with anger. 
“Brother, please. Don’t say those things again.” 
“She is right. Why are you punishing us by talking nonsense? Your parents are still alive to see your family,” my mother said with an upset look. 
I cast a brief look in Eric’s direction, and he smiled warmly at me. I gave him a smile in reply. After his confession, we went through a period of time in wh realized that I was not wrong on my side. As a result, he made an effort to move on, and we decided to resume our friendship. noveldrama
After having dinner with my family, it was time for us to go to our rooms to sleep. 
When I was saying goodbye to my parents, the main door of the pack house started making a loud noise as someone from the outside knocked on the door vigorously. 
Since it was time to go to sleep, the maid locked the door before setting the dinner on the table. 
Some maids hurriedly made their way toward the door in order to open it and find who was knocking on it in such a manner. 
The moment they opened the door, a bunch of pack fighters entered the pack house and hurried to Jason. 
“Alpha!” 
They kneeled down toward him and said it with a shaken tone. 
“Alpha, the Crystal Blood Pack is approaching our border with more than five hundred pack fighters. It looks like Alpha Adrian has declared war on us.” 
BIG SALE: 3000 bonus free fou you 
P 
###Alpha 130
The moment I heard the pack fighter, I took a step back. As gazed around with my eyes wide open, I came dangerously close to falling down, but I mana 
My mind was unable to process anything that was going on Fear started to make my heart beat faster. One by one, I turned my gaze to the members of 
My parents looked shocked by the news. I slowly moved my gaze to look at my little babies. 
My eyes were filled with tears, and I couldn’t even suppress them anymore because I didn’t have the strength to do so at this moment. 
A war meant the dead bodies of so many people. Most of them would belong to Alpha’s family. I could not lose any of my family members. What about my children? They were so little. How could they survive the war? 
As fury grew within my heart, I experienced a feeling of being pierced into my heart. 
“Backstabber,” I muttered while clenching my jaw. 
How could Adrian do that? 
My parents and my brother turned their heads toward me. I could not face them. This was all happening because of me. I should not have entered their lives in the first place. I was the reason that they had to deal with a great deal of suffering. 
“Natalia, don’t worry. I will handle it,” my brother said to me, returning his gaze to the pack fighters. 
“Announce the war against the Crystal Blood Pack before they reach our border.” As soon as they heard the order, they immediately stood up and nodde 
“Tell everyone to get ready and head to the forest. I’m coming with them.” 
Everyone left after getting the order from the head Alpha. Eric went to call the Gamma to prepare for the war. 
Due to the fact that it was an unexpected war, it would be difficult for the Blue Blood Pack to come back victorious. At that time, nobody had made any preparations for the war. The fact that a clash between the two largest packs. was about to tak 
Jason rushed to his bedroom to take some weapons with him. When he returned to the living room, he looked at 
everyone. 
“Mom and Dad, stay inside the pack house,” he said to our parents and then glanced at me. 
“Don’t let her go out. I don’t want to lose her by taking part in the war. I want to confirm that even if I die, someone else will be here to take my position o 
The whole time, I was in shock. But when I heard my brother talking about me, I burst into tears. 
I rushed toward him and hugged him tightly. “Brother, please take me with you.” 
He patted my head. “No, my lil baby. I can 
You have to make sure you are safe.”
I broke the hug and looked at him with tears in my eyes. “Please.” 
He shook his head as he took a deep breath. My brother was already sick. How would he fight in this condition? 
He hugged our parents, who looked at him with a broken look. “Return after winning the war,” my father said to 
him. 
He was a head Alpha once upon a time. So he could not just break down in a war. 
However, though my mother was once a Luna, she was a mother too. She could not see her son going to war. One of the Alpha’s deaths was inescapa 
Jason slowly approached my twins. He bent down and hugged them. 
“Always take care of your mommy, okay? Never leave her side and protect her from every danger,” Jason said to Noah. 
I covered my mouth to stop sobbing. Noah was a child. He had no idea what his uncle was telling him, but he nodded his head like a big boy and replied 
“I promise you, Uncle. I will take care of Mommy.” 
Jason kissed his head and turned to Aria. “You know you are my queen. Always remember that Uncle loves you wherever he is.” 
I bit my lower lip harshly to control my emotion. It was not like Jason had accepted his defeat. It was something every head Alphas did before going to war. 
No one had seen the future. No one knew who would end up dying in a twist of fate. 
I felt a pat on my shoulder. I turned my head only to find Eric. 
I hugged him while I was crying. He stroked my back to comfort me. “Take care of you.” 
I shook my head in his arms. “Please, don’t die. Don’t let my brother get harmed.” 
I kept repeating the same words again and again. I could not just describe what I was feeling right now. 
“Mommy, why are you and Grandma crying?” Aria asked as she made her way to me. 
I looked away from my children since I had no answer for them. Eric hugged Noah and Aria. 
“I hope we can meet again.” 
“Why are you saying this, Uncle?” Noah asked with a confused look. 
Eric smiled at them and rubbed their heads. “Nothing. Just a little fight, and we will be back soon. noveldrama
“Fight?” Aria asked while glancing at Jason.
Jason gave everyone a last glance and headed to the door. 
“Jason, my son. Don’t go. Do something to stop the war. You are not well,” my mother ran to stop him while crying 
“I can be unwell, but I can’t be a coward. My whole pack believes me. I can’t die without fighting back.” 
My mother did not want to let him go. But my father broke him free from my mother’s grip. 
Eric was about to follow Jason when I stopped him. 
“Eric, return without any injury. hope we will win the wan 
Eric stared at me without replying to me, which caught me off guard. What was the reason behind his stare? 
Then I heard his remarks. 
“It’s a war between Jason and Adrian. Any of their deaths is inevitable.”
###Alpha 131
I turned my gaze away from Eric because I was at a loss to think of anything. Even though I did not have any feelings for Adrian anymore, that did not m die. 
However, how dare he attack my pack? 
Not only that, he attacked the pack when my brother was sick. He knew if he called out a war against us right now, it would be easier for him to win. 
‘What a loser you are, Alpha Adrian! If you hurt my brother or give him a single wound, I swear I won’t let you go,‘ I thought. 
I saw my brother leave the pack house with Eric. All of his officials, who came to take him, also left with him. 
When they left, I was staring at the door, which had been shut shortly after they had left. It was Jason’s command that the door needed to be closed un 
In addition, there was a door in the back of the pack house. The establishment of this was done with the intention of protecting the lives of the royal family from those who would seek to take their lives. 
My father consoled my mother, saying that everything would be okay. 
I looked at my children and told the maids to make them sleep. I made my heart stone hearted as it turned cold. 
“Mommy, we don’t want to sleep. Why are you all crying? Where did Uncles go?” Aria nudged my hands with her little fingers to know what was going on 
“Aria, go back to your room with your brother.” 
She flinched at my cold tone. Noah held her hand and began to tug her to their room. 
“Don’t make Mommy mad. Let’s go to sleep.” 
Aria lowered her head and walked with him. She glanced at me while twisting her neck, but I had nothing to say right now. 
It was a moment of life and death. I did not want my children to get hurt in any situation. 
I walked back and forth in the living room while waiting for any fighters to inform me about the war. 
We had been waiting for one hour, but no one had communicated with us at that point. As I was beginning to lose my patience, I made my way to the en 
“Where are you going?” My mother stood up and asked me 
I shook my head in response. “Nowhere. I am just trying to learn about the current situation there.” 
“Natalia, you don’t have to. Please stay inside the pack house, just as your brother said.” 
I turned to them and stared at them with disappointment. 
“Mom, Dad. How can you tell me to stay inside when my brother is all alone in the war?”
“He is not alone. His officials are with him,” my father retorted. 
“Dad, he is not well. What if he can’t shift there? What if they attack him?” 
“Then what do you want to do, Natalia?” 
I averted my gaze and took a deep breath. “Let me see.” 
I opened the door and walked out of the pack house. 
As soon as my eyes fell outside, I was stunned. There were so many guards protecting the pack house from outside. It was Jason who set them up to p 
I walked toward them, and they straightened their poster when they noticed me approaching them. 
“What’s going on in the war?” I asked them. 
As they could sense the distress in my tone, they exchanged glances with each other. 
A frown formed on my face. “Why are you all silent?” 
One of them bowed to me and let out a lower tone. 
“We are forbidden to inform any of you anything about the war.” 
My brows lifted in shock. Did Jason tell them not to tell me anything? Was he afraid that I would go there in the war? 
1 closed my eyes and tried to connect my mind link with any of the officials. No one was responding to me. 
A fear began to rise inside my heart. I rubbed my forehead as I did not have any idea what to do in that situation. 
I did not know how to fight in the war. I was not a warrior wolf. I had never trained to fight like a pack fighter 
either. 
Even if I wanted to go and support my brother, I was frightened that my stupidity would put him in danger. 
I thought to wait for any news, so I turned around to go inside the pack house to see my parents. 
But I froze when someone connected the link to me. I heard a growl of bitterness as the voice spoke out with a desperate tone. 
“Natalia!” noveldrama
I recognized the voice. It was our gamma’s voice. 
“What happened?” I asked in the mind link. 
“Natalia, tell Alpha Martin to join us in the war. Your brother’s life is in danger.”
My eyes widened as tears flexed on them. 
My brother’s life was in danger! 
I could not stay there silently while waiting for news of my brother’s death. I would have to do something. Iglanced at the pack house. ‘I can not tell my pa 
I turned away from the pack house and looked in the direction of the forest. 
The guards had realized what was going on in my mind. They immediately stepped in my way to stop me. 
“Young Miss, Alpha Jason ordered us not to let you go even if he died in the war.” 
My eyes turned blue in anger. I let out a growl at them, which almost caused them to fall on their knees in fear. 
“Don’t dare to stop me and talk nonsense. If you try to stop me, I will kill each and every one of you.” 
“T–That’s Alpha’s order! 
one of them muttered while lowering his head. 
The power that they were experiencing emanating from me took each and every one of them by surprise. 
They were not at fault. They were only trying to follow their Alpha’s order. 
“Don’t worry. Your Alpha will be fine. His sister won’t let him die.” 
After saying that, I walked toward the forest area. My heart began to beat more rapidly as soon as I entered the forest and started moving in the direction 
I could hear howls and growls of anger and pain. The fact that I was able to hear them from such a close distance indicated that they were moving close 
I growled furiously as I shifted and began to run. Concern for my brother’s life and the growing animosity I felt toward Alpha Adrian were the only emotion was going through my mind. 
“I won’t let you go tonight. Let’s see how you will stay alive, Alpha Adrian. 
D 
###Alpha 132
Third POV 
Under the silvery light of the moon, all of the wolves were fighting as if it were not only a war for their territory but also a battle between life and death. 
As the growls and groans rocked the trees in the forest, the temperature of the air started to slowly decrease. 
The rivalry of years was the only thing anyone could describe by watching the war. 
The smell of blood was present in the air, and it was combined with the odor of destruction and disaster. 
Natalia tried to pace faster so that she could reach the war as soon as possible. 
She tried to contact her pack’s gamma. 
“I’m coming,” she said in the mind link. 
“Don’t do that. Go back. We can’t secure your safety. It’s not a battle against 
She closed the mind link, as she did not want to hear any excuses. 
“Nancy, it’s your time to show who you will choose,” Natalia reminded her wolf. 
Nancy was silent as she let Natalia take over. It was like she did not want to fight against her mate. 
Natalia got mad at her own wolf. She shut her wolf inside and growled angrily. 
‘Everyone is betraying me. All of my life, I only got disloyalty. Now my own wolf decides to backstab me,‘ she thought. 
To her surprise, in a few minutes, she reached the place where she could see the wolves fighting with each other. She took a deep breath when she noticed blood everywhere. This was what she did not want to see in her life. 
She did not want to face any war where she would have to feel the fear of losing her family. 
She turned her head back to the way from where she had come here. 
She almost lost her mind when she realized that the wolves were getting closer in the direction of the pack house. noveldrama
If the war continued for half an hour, they would reach the pack house at any time. 
Natalia wanted to stop everything right then. But nothing was in her hand. She would have to fight with every wolf who would stop her from reaching the main vil 
‘I’m coming after you,‘ Natalia thought and began to run. 
When she growled and moved toward the wolves close to her, they were shocked.
They thought another head Alpha had reached the war. 
However, when they found that it was a female wolf, they were stunned. 
“Who is she?” They talked to each other through their mind links. 
statalia could see her pack’s wolves. She recognized them since they were her pack members. They also recognized 
Alaba female and had this 
Blant wolf. 
Natalia noticed that two wolves were on their way to her. She gave a shrug of her body and hurried toward them, even with the double pace that they we 
The moment Natalia shoved them with a simple movement of her head, their eyes widened in disbelief. They flew a long distance, and both of their bodies landed with a thud. Due to the pain, they tried to get up but were unable 
to do so, 
The wolves around them appeared to be scared after what they had witnessed just now. 
Natalia scoffed in her mind. 
‘Just like you, your pack fighters are cowards, Alpha Adriat 
She started to run forward and kill whoever came her way, Her destination was her brother. She tried to find him. She just wanted to know that he was safe. 
The air got heated by the combat processing on the ground. 
Natalia did not experience even the slightest bit of disgust when she bit the head of any wolf in order to separate it from their body or when she bit their l 
‘Each and everyone is my enemy on the battleground. I can’t trust a single person. I won’t show any mercy,‘ she kept telling herself over and over again. 
She did not know, but it was her rank that gave her this mindset. If she were an omega, she would have cried or been afraid of the fight, no matter how g 
The fact that she was unable to locate any of her brother’s officials caused her blood to become extremely heated, and it was boiling. 
During the time that she was searching in several different directions, three wolves approached her and bit her legs. 
She hissed in pain as she groaned. She tried to move them, but their fangs were stuck to her legs like glue. 
“Leave or I will give you deaths you have never imagined, she said, trying to connect her mind with them. It was allowed since they were on the battlegro 
As a result of this, a great number of wolves may escape the war to save their lives by conspiring with other packs and betraying their own pack. 
“It’s our Alpha’s order. He told us to kill whoever comes our way to slaughter Alpha Jason.”
Natalia’s eyes widened as she heard one of them. She got furious as she growled at them, which trembled them. She sank her teeth into each of their n go of her legs and began to lawl down to the ground. It was unfathomable to them that a bite could cause them to experience such agony. However, wha legs, which they made a few seconds ago by biting them. 
They were healed in a few seconds! 
Seeing their terrified expressions; Natalia laughed. Without wasting any time, she ran forward. 
Due to the fact that both her bite and her claws were poisonous, she did not have to waste her time killing them. As Natalia continued to move forward, she eventually caught sight of the wolf that she had co 
Death was inescapable if anyone dared to think about fighting against him. His aura was unlike anything Natalia had ever seen in any other wolf she had he killed the wolves who came to stop him. 
However, when he heard one of his pack fighters, it stopped his movement and made him turn around. 
The frown over his red eyes faded when his eyes landed on the black wolf with blue eyes. His expression changed into a shocked one. 
“Who are you?” he asked, as he could not smell her from afar since the smell of blood and other wolves‘ scents mixed in the air to prevent him from smelling anything. 
Natalia glared at him as she took one step back. Then, with every ounce of her strength, she began to dash toward him with the intention of killing him before replying to him. 
“Your death.” 
###Alpha 133
After being informed by his pack fighters that there was a big alpha who had joined the war, Adrian turned around to see who the Alpha was and who frightened his pack fighters. 
However, when his eyes fell on the wolf standing afar from him, his entire body froze. 
The fact that the wolf that had been hunting him in his nightmare actually existed was a complete and utter surprise to him. 
“Adrian, I’m on my way to you. As you have ordered, I have instructed our main fighters to make their way to the pack house.” 
He heard his beta, Patric’s voice, in the mind link. But his eyes were fixed on the black wolf. All this time, het thought the wolf’s eyes were kind of myster 
“Who are you?” he asked. 
“Your death,” the wolf replied. 
He could not be more shocked. The voice was familiar to him. He recognized the voice but could not believe that it was hers. 
He thought it was a male wolf, but it turned out to be an alpha she–wolf. But not only that, it was actually his ex wife, Natalia! 
A look of rage appeared on her face as she started to run in his direction. 
Adrian’s pack fighters kept an eye on her and made an effort to prevent her from continuing. But Adrian could seey how powerful she was. Like how he w 
As Natalia came dangerously close to Adrian, she let out a growl, which caused the wolves that were surrounding her to shake, but it did not affect Adria 
Being in a state of shock, he continued to stare at her. 
When Natalia saw that he was not moving, she did not hesitate and jumped on him without a second thought. 
The fight that was going on around them came to a halt when they witnessed one giant black wolf jumping on another. Both of them were very similar in 
When Natalia clawed at Adrian’s neck, that was when he regained his composure and tried to shove her away from 
his body. 
“You deserve to die,” she said in the mind link. 
Natalia clawed at Adrian’s rib. He felt a pain that numbed his body for a few seconds as her claws were sharp enough to dig deeper than any other wolf. 
“Do yo- 
“You came here to kill my brother. How could you? Now see who will kill whom.” 
As Natalia continued to dig her claws into his rib, which caused him to groan once more, she did not give him any chance to say anything.
Suddenly, Natalia felt a push on her body, which caused her to move away from Adrian’s body. 
She turned her head and saw a brown wolf growling at her 
She frowned at him but then realized that it was Beta Patrid 
At that time, without her knowing it, another wolf jumped over her. It was a gray wolf with sharp teeth. 
It was none other than Benjamin, Adrian Gamma. 
Natalie recalled how protective he was toward his Alpha. She glared at him and said, 
“I’m here to kill your Alpha. I’ll let you all go alive if you let me do that without any Interruption.” 
Gamma Benjamin growled at her. “Such a traitor woman! You want to kill my Alpha? You will have to kill his four officials first to get him in your hands.” 
“As you wish, Gamma.” 
Natalia mocked him and bit his neck. But she could not dig her teeth deep because Adrian came to her and moved his gamma away from her. 
Natalia glared at him and growled at him. He took steps back as she stepped toward him. 
Natalia felt that she had overpowered him. She felt a maniac’s pleasure when she found him feeling afraid of her. 
She looked into his red eyes as they stared into her blue orbs. 
“All these years, you have hurt me a lot, Alpha Adrian. Today, on this battleground, I will show you how much I hate you.” 
Her words caused Adrain’s steps to stop. She did not care why he stopped moving backward. 
She was fuming with anger. She had no idea how she would kill him. Her mind was not working at all. noveldrama
So she clawed his chest directly. Blood was pooling out of his chest. But he did not move a little bit, which angered. Natalia. So she dug her claws deep 
Beta Patric and Gamma Benjamin rushed to them to attack Natalia, which she did not notice. 
It was Adrain’s glare that caused them to stop. Their eyes widened as they could not believe what their Alpha was doing- 
Patric growled at Adrian in anger. Adrian growled at him back but did not move Natalla away from him. 
While he was in excruciating pain, Natalia bit one of his legs, which caused him to shut his eyes. After she had released her grip on his leg, she was abo 
However, Noah and Aria’s faces flickered in her mind, which froze her. 
‘H–How can I kill my children’s father?‘ She thought as she felt she came to the edge of death. 
But all of a sudden, Natalia was taken aback by something unexpected.
She turned her head toward Patric and Benjamin, who looked mad at her. After that, she slowly turned her attention to Adrian, who was staring at her wi 
“What are they doing here? Weren’t they supposed to go after my brother?” She thought with a confused mind. 
Suddenly, Natalia felt a push on her body, which caused her to move away from Adrian’s body. 
She turned her head and saw a brown wolf growling at her 
She frowned at him but then realized that it was Beta Patric 
At that time, without her knowing it, another wolf jumped over her. It was a gray wolf with sharp teeth. 
It was none other than Benjamin, Adrian Gamma. 
Natalie recalled how protective he was toward his Alpha. She glared at him and said, 
“I’m here to kill your Alpha. I’ll let you all go alive if you let me do that without any interruption.” 
Gamma Benjamin growled at her. “Such a traitor woman! You want to kill my Alpha? You will have to kill his four officials first to get him in your hands.” 
“As you wish, Gamma.” 
Natalia mocked him and bit his neck. But she could not dig her teeth deep because Adrian came to her and moved his gamma away from her. 
Natalia glared at him and growled at him. He took steps back as she stepped toward him. 
Natalia felt that she had overpowered him. She felt a maniac’s pleasure when she found him feeling afraid of her. 
She looked into his red eyes as they stared into her blue orbs. 
“All these years, you have hurt me a lot, Alpha Adrian. Today, on this battleground, I will show you how much I hate you.” 
Her words caused Adrain’s steps to stop. She did not care why he stopped moving backward. 
She was fuming with anger. She had no idea how she would kill him. Her mind was not working at all. 
So she clawed his chest directly. Blood was pooling out of his chest. But he did not move a little bit, which angered Natalia. So she dug her claws deep 
Beta Patric and Gamma Benjamin rushed to them to attack Natalia, which she did not notice. 
It was Adrain’s glare that caused them to stop. Their eyes widened as they could not believe what their Alpha was doing. 
Patric growled at Adrian in anger. Adrian growled at him back but did not move Natalia away from him. 
While he was in excruciating pain, Natalia bit one of his legs, which caused him to shut his eyes. After she had released her grip on his leg, she was about to kill him by biting his neck.
However, Noah and Aria’s faces flickered in her mind, which froze her. 
“H–How can I kill my children’s father?” She thought as she felt she came to the edge of death. 
But all of a sudden, Natalia was taken aback by something unexpected. 
She turned her head toward Patric and Benjamin, who looked mad at her. After that, she slowly turned her attention to Adrian, who was staring at her wit 
“What are they doing here? Weren’t they supposed to go after my brother?‘ She thought with a confused mind. 
At that very moment, she heard a piercing howl. Her lips parted in shock when she recognized that it came from 
her brother. 
She turned her head in the direction and realized that it was coming close to the way of the pack house. 
She was startled. 
She began to run in that direction. She forgot that Adrian was behind her. 
But if Adrian was there, then who was attacking her brother? 
The moment she reached close to the pack house, her eyes widened. 
Someone stabbed Jason’s leg with a wooden stake. 
She growled loudly at the man. But when he turned around, she almost took a step back. 1 
“Alpha Leo?” 
D
###Alpha 134
Natalia could not believe what she was watching. Alpha Leo, whom Jason referred to as his friend, was attacking 
him! 
She did not give it a second thought as she jumped to that side and rushed toward Alpha Leo. He had not shifted 
yet. 
It seemed like he did not come here through the forest, but he was already in the pack, waiting for a chance to attack Jason. 
As soon as Natalia proceeded to him, many wolves came to her to stop her from reaching Alpha Leo. 
Natalia glanced at Jason, whose wolf was crawling on the ground. She noticed Eric trying to fight with Alpha Leo. But Leo had other stakes in his hands. 
Natalia tried to shove the wolves in front of her. Nevertheless, they attacked her altogether. Though she was giant in size, the way they kept biting her m 
At that time, a black wolf jumped on them, making them fear him. They were already losing strength by tackling a giant wolf. Now, handling another mass 
Natalia turned her head toward Adrian, who looked at her. 
“Go inside the pack house,” he muttered in the mind link. 
“Are you crazy?” she roared at him. 
Adrian groaned when the wolves attacked him after releasing Natalia. 
She glanced at them. For once, she wanted to help Adrian, but then she realized that he was the one who set up the conspiracy against his brother. 
‘Maybe Alpha Leo is with him,‘ she thought, leaving his side. 
She began to run toward Alpha Leo once again. Eric had bit his hand, but he stabbed a stake in his rib. 
Natalia’s steps halted as she howled. She could not see Eric in that state. She did not want to lose him. He was her very good friend. noveldrama
She tried to pace toward him, but Alpha Leo’s beta stopped her. All the anger that was building inside her, she embellished it on that beta. 
She bit his neck and lifted his body, then hit it on the ground countless times. 
Alpha Leo turned around and noticed what was going on. His eyes landed on Natalia’s wolf, and since she was close in distance, he could not help but gulp. 
“Who are you?” he asked her because he could not recognize her. 
“Your demise, you bastard. How dare you touch my brother?” Natalia growled at him. 
The air turned wild. She glanced around her and found Adrian fighting with other wolves while approaching her. However, it looked like all the wolves we
with other wolves. 
She frowned when she noticed Adrian killing one of Alpha Leo’s officials. 
Did they attack separately to win this pack? 
She assumed that both Alphas were after the throne. So, she needed to handle both of them. But at first, she had to kill Alpha Leo because he was the o 
Alpha Leo was shocked when she moved toward him. No wolves could stop her from reaching this traitor. She bit his left leg and tried to do what she had done with his betal 
Alpha Leo was fully prepared. So when she bit his leg, he raised his hand and pierced a wooden stake in her neck. 
She groaned in pain and let go of his leg immediately. 
As if everything stopped around her, she started to feel dizzy. 
“T–That’s poisonous, Natalia. Get rid of it.” She heard Eric’s voice in her mind. 
She turned to look at him. He was lying on the ground in his wolf form while staring at her. She could see the anguish in his eyes. 
“Eri-” 
She howled when someone bit the stake and attempted to remove it from her neck. 
She made an effort to look at the wolf and realized that it was Adrian. She had no idea why he was helping her. Without saying anything in the mind link, 
###Alpha 135
Natalia’s body jerked at the pull. The feelings of pain that she experienced were indescribable. Adrian drew closer to her and started to lick the spot where the sta 
“What are you doing?” she asked him, trying to move her head away from him. 
Wrath was visible in the eyes. He appeared to be in a rage. When she was getting her consciousness back, she realized that he was healing her. 
But why? 
Could it have been his wolf that was trying to save his mate? Because it was impossible for Alpha Adrian to have any interest in saving her. 
There was a growl of caution coming from Patric. When Adrian heard that, he instantly turned around. When he looked, he spotted a wolf running in the 
Alpha Martin shifted to save his wife and his grandchildren from attacks. 
“Dad!” 
Natalia yelled over the mind link in an attempt to prevent him from engaging in the fight. 
When Adrian witnessed a wolf getting dangerously close to attacking Aria and Noah, he felt an unfathomable outrage well up inside of him. 
At that time, even if he wanted, he could not reach there to stop the wolf. 
So he shut his eyes out of fury. He let out a growl that was so menacing that it shook each and every one of the wolves that were surrounding him. 
The growl possessed the power to break any spells and the ability to make anyone submit to him. 
Everyone turned silent around him. He opened his eyes and glared at the wolf, who was close to Natalia’s children, He was kneeling on the ground with trembling legs. 
All of a sudden, Adrian’s nostrils filled with unfamiliar scents that he had never smelled before. 
But when he glanced at the twins, he was confronted with the truth. The color changed in Noah’s eyes to blue, while Arla’s eyes went crimson. 
It dawned on him that the scent that he was feeling at this very moment was that of his children.D 
He felt a wave of shock flood across his consciousness. He could not just believe it. 
His blood started to boil in anger. It was the most anger he had ever felt before. 
He was unable to accept the fact that Natalia had deceived him like that. Even though they were his children, she continued to keep them away from Him for all of these years. 
Not only that, but also when he was seeking to find out the truth, she changed the DNA result and told him that his children were the offspring of a one–night stand!
He could not forget how Natalia was ready to marry Eric and gave his children another man’s name when he was still alive. 
He slowly turned his head toward Natalia, who was staring at the children with wide eyes. noveldrama
Adrian growled at her and said, 
“They are my children!” 
###Alpha 136
Natalia’s POV 
I was feeling horrified. How did the spell of the years break just by one growl? 
I could see Aria got his father’s eyes, and Noali got mine. They had no idea what was going on there. 
For the sake of protecting them, my mother tucked them behind her. They peeked at the fight to look at it clearly. 
I assumed it was the other pack’s fighters who tried to attack my family; that was why they came out of the pack. 
house. 
But why didn’t they run away from the back door? noveldrama
There were so many questions that captured my mind. However, when I heard Adrian’s another angry growl, it shook me a little. 
“They are my children!” 
I realized that he had finally learned the truth. What should I do now? 
When I glanced at him, I saw nothing except pure hostility directed against me, which had not been present there a while ago. 
He made a turn toward my children and began to sprint in their direction. 
I was shocked. There was no way I would let him get my children. 
I had the intention of going after him, but at the same time, Alpha Leo appeared to stand in my way. 
“I wanted to make you my Luna, but you and your brother rejected my proposal. What will you do with your giant wolf without any grace? It’s useless now 
My focus was not on his words but on Adrian, who reached my children. My mother tried to move away from him to save my children, but he growled at 
I shifted my attention over to Alpha Leo. I could see that he had changed his weapon, and now he was pulling out a stake made of silver. 
The moment he raised his hand to stab me, I bit his leg. He immediately shifted to rescue himself. 
But it was too late. 
In my rage, I tore his leg away from his body and ripped it apart. 
The whole battleground was shocked when they witnessed Alpha Leo lose one leg. I threw his body aside as I thought he would die from the pain, and th 
I tried to shove him away from my mother. She was afraid that Adrian would kill her. My father was growling from a little distance since he was fighting with another wolf. 
“I will kill you if you won’t let them go,” I warned him loudly in the mind links.
It was not the link that connected us to our mate bond; rather, it was the link that allowed everyone to hear me. 
Adrian’s eyes were piercing at me. 
Both of my twins were trembling with terror. They had never seen my wolf form before. However, they realized who I was and came over to hug my legs 
“Mommy,” Aria and Noah both said in unison. 
As I looked around me, I only found Adrian’s pack fighters and his officials. 
I had no other choice but to attack Adrian. I could not let him win. 
I shoved my children and jumped on Adrian. He did not expect me to attack him suddenly. 
Our bodies rolled on the ground as I tried to bite him. 
He, on the other hand, did not give me a chance to hurt him this time. 
I groaned loudly when he clawed my chest. Almost instantly, blood began to flow out of the three lines of the 
scratches. 
###Alpha 137
I tried to say that he could back out of the war in our mind links. We still had time. Alpha Leo would die soon since I had bitten him enough. So the thron 
If Adrian backed out, I would not have to kill him. I did not have any wish to make my children orphans, though I would never let them go with him as long 
To my surprise, he shut down all the links as if he were done listening to everyone. 
His red eyes were declaring that he was not pleased with learning the truth. 
I stared into his eyes after I stopped attacking him. 
“Natalia! Save your brother!” 
I heard my mother’s piercing scream in our mind link. I heard my father’s growl when his body was shoved to the ground. 
I turned in Jason’s direction and saw Alpha Leo had already stabbed another stake in Jason’s other leg using his mouth. Jason was senseless on the gro 
Even after losing one leg, Alpha Leo was limping, preparing to bite Jason’s neck to kill him. 
No one around him was trying to help Jason. Only Eric was trying to move toward Jason with all of his strengths in his body. 
I froze there. I was too shocked to react at that moment. 
I felt my body shove to the ground. Adrian got to his feet and jerked his body. I did not waste my time and began to run toward Jason before him. 
I could not let Alpha Leo kill my brother. I would have to kill Leo to keep the pack under our name. 
Since Jason was not too far away, I made an effort to speed up. 
However, before me, Adrian jumped on Alpha Leo. 
My feet screeched on the ground with a harsh sound as I saw Adrian biting Alpha Leo. He harshly broke his other. three legs one by one. 
At that moment, Adrian looked like a scary beast. It looked like he had lost control over him and put all of his anger into killing Leo. noveldrama
Leo was begging him to let him go. But Adrian did not listen to him for once. 
Lastly, he bit his neck and ripped it off his body. 
Alpha Leo’s head rolled down and stopped in front of my feet. 
I stared at his gray wolf’s head; tears were in his eyes, and his tongue came out of his mouth while he was dying. 
With a trembling heart, I turned my head toward Adrian, who stared at Jason. 
“Is he thinking of killing him?” I mumbled in my head but forgot that all the mind links were open.
“H– He didn’t come here to attack our pack; rather, he came here to lend us a helping hand, just like he proposed in the deal. But we chose the wrong Alpha heard Eric’s 
voice. 
The astonishment caused my eyes to widen. While I was staring at Adrian, tears began to jumble up in my eyes. 
I glanced at his body. I didn’t even know how many wounds I had caused him. 
I misunderstood him? He actually came to save us? 
But this was not the end of it. Everything changed from then on. 
Jason had been defeated since he could not save his pack fighters or protect his pack due to his illness. 
By killing Alpha Leo, Adrian ended up winning the war. He did not only win the Blue Blood Pack but also Alpha Leo’s Pack as well. 
I took a step back when Adrian howled loudly while looking at the sky. After him, so many howls echoed throughout the forest, which indicated that a gre 
I collapsed to my knees as I felt defeated in front of him. 
I heard all the wolves chanting only one thing in our pack link. 
“ALL HAIL TO THE NEW ALPHA OF THE BLUE BLOOD PACK, ALPHA ADRIAN.” 
###Alpha 138
I w 
pacing around a room where my pack doctor was checking on my brother. He was lying on the bed, almost looking like a lifeless body. It was his heartbe 
My parents were sitting on the bed while looking at Jason. Tears continued to flow out of my mother’s eyes. I could see my father holding her in his arms 
An hour ago, when I shifted back and returned to the packhouse, the first thing I saw were many dead bodies of wolves on the floor. I assumed that Alpha Leo’s pack fighters had broken into our pack house to attack our family. 
– 
I glanced at my babies. They were sleeping on the couch, close to the bed. They looked afraid and tired. I raised them very delicately. They had never seen such a fight. It could be causing them major mental distress. 
“As you can see, I pulled out the stakes and bandaged Alph-” 
While talking, the doctor paused in the middle when he realized that Jason was not the head Alpha anymore. 
He cleared his throat and continued. “I cleaned Alpha Jason’s wounds and dressed them. But I need to test the poisons before finding the cure.” 
I looked at Jason’s body, which was covered by a blanket. The rage inside me began to rise once again. I should have killed Alpha Leo with my hands. H 
“When will he recover?” my father asked the doctor. 
He let out a sigh. “I can’t say anything exactly. He was very sick before the war. His life was already in danger from an unknown illness. So if we can not figure out the toxi 
The atmosphere turned cold as we felt a worry shuffle in our chests for Jason’s life. 
My mother reached out for Jason’s hand and shook it. “My son, wake up. You know we can’t live without you. Don’t let the poison take your life. You are 
My eyes turned blurry from watching my mother go insane for her son. 
I had children, too. So I knew the feeling of a mother when she saw her child sick. In fact, my mother was in a difficult condition. Her son was on the verg 
“Everything will be okay. Don’t lose your hope, Jade,” my father tried to calm her. noveldrama
My mother turned to him and gave him a stern look, as though she were mad at him. 
“What kind of father are you? In front of you, your son is dying on the bed. Do something, Martin. Save our son.” 
My father stared at Jason with a broken look. After all these years of ruling the pack, he had never felt this defeated 
“Martin, our son is still alive. How can that man snatch our pack from us? Do we have to leave our pack in this situation when Jason is not well?” 
Her words hit my head as I turned my attention to my father. “Dad, mom is right. My brother is still alive. Adrian only killed Alpha Leo. He can win Leo’s p
My father looked fearful. For the first time, I saw fear in his eyes. 
“You two just shut up. This pack house is not ours anymore. All the people outside the room are Alpha Adrian’s 
men. He let go of Jason’s life, and it’s our fortune. No other Alpha would have let the pack’s Alpha go alive.” 
I shook my head in disagreement. I directly walked to the door and opened it. 
“Dad, I am going to oppose the victory.” 
I was about to step out of the room when my father spoke out from behind. 
“Though his intention was to help us while crossing the border, it was your brother who declared war against the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
I was stunned. How could I forget that? Jason indeed declared war against Adrian before leaving the pack house! 
I turned around to my father. “Dad, but still-” 
“Everything is over, Natalia.” 
I heard Eric’s voice from behind. I immediately turned around and saw him approaching the door. His body was full of bandages. Our pack’s theta was h 
Eric looked at me and spoke again. 
“It doesn’t matter if Jason is alive. Adrian had already won the pack before Alpha Leo attacked Jason.” 
I frowned at him and asked, “What are you saying? How can it even be possible?” 
But then, his reply shocked not only me but also the other people present in the room. 
“As the head Alpha of this pack, Jason had already submitted to him during the war before getting back in the direction of the pack house.” 
D
###Chapter 139
My eyes widened as I heard Eric. I could not just believe him. Why was he lying? There was no way my brother, who had so much pride in himself, would submit to any Alpha. So, submitting to Adrian was far from it.
“What? Jason submitted himself to Adrian? Why?” My father asked.
It was a clear indication that he also could not believe Eric’s words.
Eric slowly nodded his head in reply. Though I was still in a state of shock, I could not ignore his broken body.
I held his hand and gave a signal to our theta to help me sit him on the couch.
As Eric sat on the couch beside my babies, he glanced at them.
“How are they?” he asked.
My attention returned to them. I did not know what to do. I was in a mess right now.
“Eric, my dear, can you tell us everything clearly?” My mother asked him, looking desperate to know why Jason had decided to do such a big thing.
Being submitted to any Alpha during the war meant giving up the position of the head Alpha to him.
Eric began speaking in a low tone, holding his stomach against his bandaged ribcage.
“When we went to the forest, we found Adrian had entered our boundary, but the whole information was wrong. He did not come here with five hundred wolves. They were only a hundred but powerful enough to fight against any pack.”
He stopped and inhaled deeply. I walked over to the nightstand, picked up the glass of water, and gave it to him.
After gripping the glass with a shaken hand, he took a big swallow of water.
After a little silence, he started speaking once more.
“Our pack fighters started to fight with the Crystal Blood Pack’s fighters. In the mind link, they were continuously saying that they came to help us and not to fight against us. However, Jason thought they would backstab us, so he declared all of our pack fighters not to let any pack fighters of the Crystal Blood Pack go alive. Since it was a declaration of war from the head Alpha, our pack fighters killed many of their wolves.
From the beginning of the war, our target was Adrian and his officials. But when Jason encountered Adrian in war…
Jason stopped as he shut his eyes as if recalling everything was also causing him pain.noveldrama
I was eager to know the truth. “Eric, please try to remember. It’s important. We need to know everything.”
He coughed a little, then exhaled. He looked at my parents, and then his gaze focused on me.
“Jason fought against Adrian.”
“They engaged in a fight?” I asked with a shocked tone.
“Yes, they did. Despite his illness, Jason wanted to keep this pack safe. But the fight did not stretch out long because Adrian told Jason that he learned about Alpha Leo’s attack and came here to help him. Jason did not want to believe him, but thinking about his health, he had no other way. He thought to stop the war against the Crystal Blood Pack.”
I was confused. “If everyone stopped the war, then how did everything go wrong?”noveldrama
"He could not declare it because, before that, Alpha Leo had already attacked our pack with a very large number of pack fighters. We all had to start fighting again, and it went wild. Jason was losing his strength and thought he would pass out there. But when he learned Alpha Leo was heading to the pack house, the fear of losing his family captured his heart. He was worried about you, Natalia. Because we all knew Leo's target was getting you. Was everything happening because of me? If I had accepted Alpha Leo's proposal, would things not have ended up like this? But how could I marry someone who betrayed his friend in a ruthless way?
"Why did Jason submit to Adrian?" I asked Eric with a serious tone.
Eric replied with a broken heart,
"Adrian became enraged upon realizing that our attack took the lives of so many of his fighters. If Adrian wanted, he could kill Jason there. But they had a conversation in their mind link, which made Jason freeze. I had no idea what Adrian said to him, but after that, Jason kneeled down in submission to Adrian. Jason had no strength to defend himself, and he was aware that Alpha Leo could kill him at any moment. I don't know why, but he wanted the pack to go in Adrian's hand rather than Leo's.
However, there was something that Jason learned that he wanted to tell you but could not say because of the attack. He only told me one thing to tell you."
"W-What?" I whispered, sobbing while listening to him.
He let out a sigh and replied,
"Don't trust anyone."
###Alpha 140
I could not understand what my brother wanted to mean by not trusting anyone. 
There was only one person in whom I could not put my trust. But he himself gave the person taking over our pack. 
I turned my head toward Jason. “Why did you do that, brother?” I asked in my head. 
I 
I knew he could not answer. I wanted to know what he had learned that he wanted to tell me. I wanted to know the 
truth. 
I believed he would wake up soon, and we returned to our golden days again. 
Everyone was silent. No one had any words to speak or say anything about this matter. 
My father sighed as he muttered, “He maybe wants to save us from Alpha Leo’s attack. That’s why he gave in.” 
I only listened to him. I did not have any opinion about this matter. The fact was that, now, the head Alpha of this pack was Adrian. It was the only thing ro 
I slowly shifted my gaze to my children. I had already lost my pack. I could not lose my 
babies. 
“Mom? Dad? What will I do now? Adrian has learned the truth. He will not keep quiet. He will do something.” 
My mother approached me and pulled me into her embrace. My eyes welled up with tears as I hugged her. “Why didn’t you both run away from the back 
I was not telling them that it was their fault. But the door was there to save themselves. What if any of them lost their lives in the war? noveldrama
My mother broke the hug and looked at me. “Natalia, Alpha Leo’s wolves had attacked our pack house from the back door.” 
I was shocked. “What? How did they get to know about it?” 
My father walked to me and placed his hand on my head. I looked at him with teary eyes. 
“We tried to save your children from any harm. I even told your mother to escape. But right at that moment, they broke in from the back door. It was like 
I was confused. “But dad, only we knew about the door. Without Alpha’s family and his officials, no one was aware of the door.” 
“Maybe Alpha Leo checked the pack house when he came here for the pack meeting,” our theta spoke out. 
It was possible. I sat on the bed hopelessly. I had no idea how things would go from here. 
“But, Natalia, why did you come to the war? Didn’t Jason tell you not to come outside?” Eric asked me. 
I turned my head toward him. “Why did Jason forbid the guards to give me any information?”
“It was because of your safety.” 
“He shouldn’t have done that. I could have helped him in the war. It’s good that our Garnma informed me about it. 
“Gamma?” Eric muttered, frowning at me. 
My brows lifted in question. “Yeah. He contacted me in mind link and told me that Jason’s life was in danger. 
Eric’s expression changed after hearing me. “Why did he say that to you?” 
I could not understand his question. “He told me that I should inform Dad to join the war to save Jason. That’s why I entered the war.” 
“But if he wanted me on the battlefield, why didn’t he contact me directly” my father asked. 
He was right. He could have contacted my father directly. Why did he link his mind with mine? 
Something hit my mind as I rose up from the bed with a shocked face. 
I immediately turned to Eric and asked, 
“Where is our Gamma? I hadn’t seen him during the war. Why didn’t he try to save his Alpha when Alpha Leo was attacking him?” 
D 
###Alpha 141
One–by– one, everything made sense to us. Our Gamma was the one who came to Jason in the pack house and gave him false information. In spite of the fact th 
He was the only official who reached out to me and provoked me to join the battle by bringing up my father throughout our conversation. He was aware t 
“Where is he? I will kill him.” I was so angry that my eyes grew blue with rage that I uttered those words. 
“We didn’t see him the whole time. We thought he got injured or something. The war was long, and so many pack fighters died, so we did not have any i 
I tightened my fists in anger. “How can someone so close betray us?” 
Eric appeared to be pondering about something as he took a big breath. “Jason fell sick after the celebration party. I’m afraid that our gamma was behin 
My eyes grew wider. Frustration was raging within me. If an Alpha was unable to trust his own officials, then who else could he possibly place his faith in 
“He was with Alpha Leo. How could he sell his loyalty to another man? My brother was so powerful before his illness. If he were not ill, he wouldn’t have 
The taste of betrayal was bitter. But those people who did not give it a second thought before betraying others did not deserve to stay alive. Because Alp his life. 
I looked at our theta and said, 
“Try to find that traitor. I am going to give him a death that will shake everyone to their core and leave them with a lasting memory of what happens when 
But after that, he gave a slight nod of his head and shifted his attention to the door to leave the room. 
At that time, a few guards came to the room and looked around the whole room. Their eyes shifted on me, they said, 
and 
“Alpha Adrian is calling you.” 
I was taken aback. I did not want to face him. Not after what I did to him in the war by misunderstanding him. In fact, he had learned the truth about my c 
My father walked to the door and turned to me. 
“Don’t worry, I will go with you.” 
The guards lifted his hand to stop him and told him, 
“Only her.” 
11 
“Dad, I will be fine,” I said to my father. After giving my children a quick glance, I made my way out of the room 
with the guards. 
“Where is he?” When the guards were making their way upstairs, I asked them. 
Downstairs, Jason was located in a nearby guest room. As a result, when the guards took me upstairs, I was curious about the whereabouts of Adrian. 
“Where he should be. In the head Alpha’s bedroom,” one of the guards replied to me. 
My steps came to a stop when I heard him. 
They turned their attention to me and inquired, 
“What caused you to come to a halt? Let’s go fast. We don’t want Alpha to get mad at us.” 
Another guard shook his head and said, 
“You don’t know our head Alpha. When it comes to punishing others, he is a ruthless man. We can’t afford to offend him.” 
As I looked at the terrified expressions on the guards‘ faces, I started walking once more. 
They did not know me. They did not know that I was their head Alpha’s ex–wife. It was for this reason that they were cautioning me about his nature. 
With a heavy heart, I proceed in the direction of the head Alpha’s bedroom. Someone else had taken possession of the room that had previously belonge 
I could not just accept it. 
When they arrived at the master bedroom, the guards stopped in front of it and knocked on the door. 
As if Adrian had given them permission in their mind link, they opened the door and made a motion with their hands to lead me into the room. 
After taking a deep breath, I entered the room. They immediately shut the door behind me as soon as I walked inside. noveldrama
The room was large in size since it belonged to the head Alpha of the pack house… 
Each corner reminded me of my brother. It made me emotional as I thought about him. 
“Done scanning the room?” 
My eyes darted around the room as I shifted my gaze in response to the sound of a deep voice. My eyes landed on the man who had just spoken out. 
He was holding a glass of wine while walking towards me. His shirtless chest was showing the wounds I had left on his body. 
When I saw him getting close to me, I turned my gaze away from him. I did not dare to look into his eyes. I was weak in front of him. That was because o 
“What was your family telling me? They will do this and that to me. What about now? Every one of their warnings was completely in vain.”
The voice of Adrian was sharp, and the tone of his mocking voice was making my body feel smaller. I was at a loss for words, but I was unable to find any. 
He stopped right in front of me. Even if I lowered my head, my eyes went to his well built abs, and then they slowly lifted to his chest. I could see the mar 
Suddenly, he grabbed my jaw and made me look at him. 
“What happened to your sudden arrogance, Natalia Hansley? Why are you avoiding my gaze?” he muttered. Anger lingered in his voice. 
When my gaze met his, I saw nothing but disgust and disdain for me. As though his dark eyes were piercing mine, he scoffed at me. 
“Look at where I am. Didn’t your brother refuse to let me stay here? See how fate played with your family. Now, this is my pack house, and I will make th 
D
###Chapter 142
“Dad, I will be fine,” I said to my father. After giving my children a quick glance, I made my way out of the room
with the guards.
“Where is he?” When the guards were making their way upstairs, I asked them.
Downstairs, Jason was located in a nearby guest room. As a result, when the guards took me upstairs, I was curious about the whereabouts of Adrian.
“Where he should be. In the head Alpha’s bedroom,” one of the guards replied to me.noveldrama
My steps came to a stop when I heard him.
They turned their attention to me and inquired,
“What caused you to come to a halt? Let’s go fast. We don’t want Alpha to get mad at us.”
Another guard shook his head and said,
"You don't know our head Alpha. When it comes to punishing others, he is a ruthless man. We can't afford to offend him."
As I looked at the terrified expressions on the guards' faces, I started walking once more.
They did not know me. They did not know that I was their head Alpha's ex-wife. It was for this reason that they were cautioning me about his nature.
With a heavy heart, I proceed in the direction of the head Alpha's bedroom. Someone else had taken possession of the room that had previously belonged to my brother. I could not just accept it.
When they arrived at the master bedroom, the guards stopped in front of it and knocked on the door.
As if Adrian had given them permission in their mind link, they opened the door and made a motion with their hands to lead me into the room.
After taking a deep breath, I entered the room. They immediately shut the door behind me as soon as I walked inside.
The room was large in size since it belonged to the head Alpha of the pack house...
Each corner reminded me of my brother. It made me emotional as I thought about him.
"Done scanning the room?"
My eyes darted around the room as I shifted my gaze in response to the sound of a deep voice. My eyes landed on the man who had just spoken out.
He was holding a glass of wine while walking towards me. His shirtless chest was showing the wounds I had left on his body.
When I saw him getting close to me, I turned my gaze away from him. I did not dare to look into his eyes. I was weak in front of him. That was because of my children.
"What was your family telling me? They will do this and that to me. What about now? Every one of their warnings was completely in vain."
The voice of Adrian was sharp, and the tone of his mocking voice was making my body feel smaller. I was at a loss for words, but I was unable to find any.
He stopped right in front of me. Even if I lowered my head, my eyes went to his well built abs, and then they slowly lifted to his chest. I could see the marks of my claws jabbing on his skin. Suddenly, he grabbed my jaw and made me look at him.
"What happened to your sudden arrogance, Natalia Hansley? Why are you avoiding my gaze?" he muttered. Anger lingered in his voice.
When my gaze met his, I saw nothing but disgust and disdain for me. As though his dark eyes were piercing mine, he scoffed at me.
"Look at where I am. Didn't your brother refuse to let me stay here? See how fate played with your family. Now, this is my pack house, and I will make the decision regarding whether or not they will remain here."
###Alpha 143
I tried to shake my head, but his grip tightened, which almost broke my jaw. 
“Don’t do this. Where will my parents go?” 
He released my jaw with a dark laugh. He looked maniacal to me as if someone else possessed him 
He looked more dangerous than he used to look when we got married. 
It was my assumption that the truth had led to him becoming this. He was fine until he knew the truth. 
He sipped on his drink and turned around. I stood there, looking at his back. There was another mark of my claws on his upper back, a few inches below 
I remembered that when we were in the forest and he was helping me, I clawed him that time. 
Adrian walked to the bed and grabbed a packet of cigarettes, After putting the glass on the nightstand, he lit a cigarette and took a swig of the smoke. 
As he turned his attention back to me, he asked, 
“So you are an Alpha? All this time, you only pretended to be a weak Omega. I am amazed by my acting skills.” 
I did not reply to him as I continued to stare at him. He had won the war. There was nothing I could say to him now. He had the upper hand against us. 
When he noticed I was silent, his eyes became more gloomy. I looked away from him and started to speak. 
“I’m sorry I misunderstood you in the war. I thought you had declared war against us. So I-” 
“So you were ready to kill me?” 
His interruption made me look at him once more. I shook my head. “It was not in my hand. I thought you wanted to kill my brother.” 
“And you chose your brother over me.‘ 
I frowned at him. “Of course I did. I will always do that. Why would I choose you over any of my family members? Who are you to me? No one. So don’t 
I was unable to put a stop to my anger. I uttered loudly what was going through my head. 
As soon as his eyes turned red with anger, I realized that I had spoken more than ought to have for the situation. 
In what seemed like the blink of an eye, he approached me directly and grabbed my neck. 
My eyes widened in shock. He threw his cigarette on the floor and turned his head to look at me angrily. 
“How dare you talk like that to your head Alpha? Perhaps you were not informed about what took place during the war. When your brother was afraid for 
-Though I felt pain in my neck, I glared at him. “My brother would never do that to save his life. If he were a 
coward, he wouldn’t have gone to war in the first place.”
“Still so arrogant? Should I break it again?” he muttered while leaning close to my face. 
My throat was tightening up. He was strangling me to death. Did he want to kill me? I could defend this fact because I tried to kill him in the war. 
“There is only one thing that I don’t like to forgive, and that is betrayal. Throughout all of these years, you have been a traitor to me, Natalia Hansley. How 
I understood that he was talking about my children. 
I felt something wet on my neck. I realized that blood was coming off the wound, which had not healed yet. Adrian was the one who helped me get rid of 
– wound. 
“You lied to me about my children. How could you?” he asked with a furious look. 
I tried to break my neck free from his grip as my eyes turned blue. 
I pushed him on his chest, where he had a wound, which made him take a step back in pain. 
I began to cough and gasp for air the moment he released my neck. 
After taking a deep breath, I looked at him and growled at him. 
“They are only my children.” noveldrama
He glared at me and said something that shook me to death 
“You don’t deserve to stay with them. From now on, they are going to live with me, with their father.”
###Alpha 144
As soon as I heard Adrian, I completely lost my patience. I hurried over to him and told him, “You have no right to refer to them as your children. The only 
1 grasped his neck with both of my hands and held it firmly in my hold. 
He seized both of my wrists and pushed them away. It caused me to take a few steps back. 
“Don’t provoke me to demonstrate what I am capable of doing. You were your children all these years, but now they are mine.” 
The harshness of his tone was enough to make me realize that he would do what he was saying. 
Tears began to stream out of my eyes just to think about my babies staying away from me. 
I shook my head as I mumbled, 
“No, you can’t keep them away from me.” 
He frowned at me with anger. “Why? Didn’t you do the same with me? How can you keep my own blood away from me? I have never seen a shameless 
I stared at him with tears in my eyes. But his stone heart did not melt with my tears. 
He spoke out only to mock me. “Just imagine how they will feel when they find out what their mother proved them to be in front of their father. How will they feel? The pride for you in their eyes will demolish in a second.” noveldrama
I had no idea what I should do. My mind was not processing at all. For a moment, I forgot what had happened all 
this time. 
My mind was only echoing Adrian’s ruthless words to take away my twins from me. 
“I won’t let them go. Do whatever you want. I believe my children do not want to live with you either.” 
I turned around at the door and grabbed the doorknob. However, his next warning trembled my hand. 
“I will raise this matter with the attention of the council, and you are more knowledgeable than I am about what will occur. After knowing that you are keep 
I immediately turned to him. I bit my bottom lip to control my sobs, almost cutting them with the pressure. 
“Why are you doing this to me?” 
He was getting close as he kept his eyes fixed on me. 
He placed his one hand on the door beside my head and looked into my eyes. 
His dark gaze seemed to see my soul could not break eye contact with him. 
“In the war, you were talking about how much I hurt you. What was it that I did to you throughout those two years? Provide you with a safe haven, permi
He stopped in the middle while clenching his jaw. I did not know what he meant to say. My senses were not working at all. 
“I–I thought you would kill them.” 
He scoffed at me as he looked away from me. He moved back and nodded his head. 
“You have attained what you desired. Now it’s my turn.” 
“What do you mean?” 
He moved me aside and opened the door for me then replied, 
“Go and tell your family to pack their bags and leave this pack.” 
“Adrian.” 
He grimaced at me. “I won’t repeat myself again. I will make them get down on their knees.” 
###Alpha 145
I headed back to the room where my family was. In light of the circumstances, I had no idea what to do. I was lost. I was unable to move in any way. 
Adrian’s statements did not give me the feeling that he would cause any harm to my children. 
But why did he want to keep them away from me? He wanted to punish me by doing that. 
If he threw my family out of this pack, then where would we go? What about Jason? Who would treat him? 
As I was passing by a room, my eyes landed on a door that was slightly ajar, I decided to look inside. 
I noticed Gamma Benjamin groaning in pain. I opened the door wide and saw him looking in the mirror while dabbing a cotton ball on his neck. 
I was able to recognize the wound. It was me who bit his neck in the war. 
The fact that I had misunderstood him and caused him pain made me feel horrible. Everything he did was an attempt to protect his Alpha from me. 
He reminded me of our Gamma, who betrayed us. Our Gamma could have been like him. If he had shown even the slightest amount of loyalty, we woul situation right now. 
“You!” 
Gamma Benjamin noticed me in the mirror and turned around. 
As soon as I noticed that he was shirtless, I averted my gaze. It was then that he strolled over to the bed, grabbed his shirt, and put it on. 
As he was buttoning up the shirt, he let out a slight groan when the collar of the shirt made contact with his neck. 
With a sigh, I entered the room and walked in. 
“It’s okay. Calm down,” I let out in a lower tone. 
He paused and looked at me. “Why are you here?” 
“Sit down.” noveldrama
“What?” he asked me with confusion. 
“I said sit down. Let me treat your wound.” 
It seemed as though my statement took him by surprise. “Excuse me? Why would you do that?” 
After making my way to the closet, I retrieved a first–aid kit and then proceeded to move towards him. 
The box caught his attention, and he sat down on the bed. It was clear to me that he was feeling frustrated with his wound, and that was why he did not 
When I came to a stop in front of him, I moved his chin with my finger so that I could examine his wound carefully.
“I didn’t recognize that the Alpha Wolf was his ex–wife,” he muttered while looking at the blank wall. 
I opened the box and took out a knife. “Even if you had known, you would have attacked me.” 
He did not say anything in response. But when he glanced at my hand, he frowned at me. 
“What will you do with the knife? Are you planning to take my life?” 
While I was shaking my hand, I cut my palm. His eyes widened in shock. 
“What the hell!” 
I could understand his reaction. Anyone would have reacted the same way. So, to clear his confusion, I replied, 
“My claws and canines are poisonous. So the wound won’t heal so soon because the only cure that can help it is my blood.”
###Alpha 146
He looked stunned. I chose to disregard his response and proceeded to place the knife inside the box. I pulled out a pair of scissors and used them to ho 
After pressing the cotton ball on my palm and soaking it with my blood, I patted it on the wound in his neck. 
He groaned when my blood started to heal his wound. It was quite painful. But it was effective. 
“Don’t worry. It will heal soon,” I told him while healing his wound. 
With his analytical gaze, he looked at me in silence. “Why are you helping me?” 
I paused for a moment and gazed at him. I could see a doubtful look on his face. 
“I have no other intention. I only came here to help you because I noticed your wound while I was passing the room. I’m guilty of hurting the people who came to help my 
He gave me a blank look, then muttered, 
“Your 
brother disrespected my Alpha and tried to ruin his reputation in the last pack meeting. If it were anyone else’s pack, he would have killed all of you that d 
I stood straight as I was done applying blood to his neck. I looked at him calmly and replied, 
“I could have also killed him after he killed Alpha Leo.” 
He shook his head in denial. “You have the wrong idea about everything. Being a head alpha and being a normal alpha are far different things. It took years of training to become a head Alpha. They are capable of taking on all the responsibilities of a pack. Otherwise, why do you think people trust their lives and sacrifice t 
It dawned on me that he was absolutely correct. My wolf was giant, but I was not a trained wolf. The skill of fighting was important in any war. 
Size did not matter, but mastery did. It was only an advantage that could be used for skills. 
“Look, Gamma Benjamin. I know what my brother did was wrong. There is no need to remind me of that. By winning the pack, your Alpha is not doing a noveldrama
He gave me a sharp look and replied to my remarks. 
“What do you expect from a man who gets to know that he has children and his ex–wife ran away with them after getting a divorce?” 
I was astounded by his question. Was I to blame for this? During the time that we were going through the divorce, didn’t Adrian tell me that he did not wa 
I was only trying to protect them. 
Was I that wrong? 
I was about to oppose these thoughts as I spoke out, “Benjamin, I-”
However, a furious growl interrupted me. 
I and Benjamin both turned around and looked at the door. 
The door was open, and Adrian was standing there. He looked at me and then shifted his gaze to Benjamin, who was sitting on the bed in front of me. 
Adrian’s gaze returned to me as he asked, 
“What are you doing with my gamma?” 
D
###Alpha 147
I was shocked by his question. What did he mean? What was I doing with his gamma? 
I turned my head toward Benjamin and realized that his shirt was half open, and the way I was standing in front of him, anyone would get a wrong idea. 
Gamma Benjamin stood up from the bed immediately and bowed his head. Fear was clearly visible in his eyes, and I could see it. 
“I was only healing his wound,” I replied, avoiding Adrian’s gaze. 
Entering the room, he muttered angrily, “Healing by how?” 
My mouth dropped open as I finally grasped what he was trying to say, I raised my head to look at him. 
“It’s my blood that can heal his wounds. I was just trying to help him.” 
Gamma Benjamin nodded his head in agreement. He glanced at Adrian’s wound and said, 
“Alpha, you can make her heal your wounds too. Her blood is a cure.” 
I frowned at Gamma Benjamin. I never once mentioned that I would like to help Adrian heal his wounds. Why did he say that? 
But Adrian did not give me a chance to decline it. Instead of asking for my help, he replied to his gamma, 
“I don’t need her help. Let the wound stay like that so that it can always make me remember her treachery.” 
I ignored his remarks and left the room. In a hurry, I made my way in the direction I was going. 
As soon as I walked into the room where Jason was, I noticed that my parents were seated on the couches. I found that my children were awake. It was 
My gaze was drawn to the food that was sitting on the tea table. I was perplexed as to where they came from. 
“A few guards brought the dishes for us. They told us to eat and pack our bags as soon as possible,” my mother 
said to me. 
I glanced at my father. He was a proud man who had led the pack for nearly three decades. 
I felt terrible as I saw him lower his head. I had never seen him feel so asharned before. 
I rushed to him. I got down on my knees and gave him a bear hug. I rested my head on his shoulder and mumbled, 
“I’m sorry that you have to see this.” 
Using his hand, which was shaking, he patted his hand. “Perhaps we have committed some sins in the past; if this were not the case, why would we be 
I held his trembling hands and said, 
“Everything will be fine. I promise you.”
My mother cried out loud when she saw how broken her husband was. 
“Natalia, just promise us that you will save your brother. You don’t want anything else. We can live a poor life, but we can’t lose any of our children.” 
I nodded at her and promised her, 
“I will do anything to save him, mom. Brother will be fine soon. I will do everything in my power to find a cure for him,” 
As I turned my head to look at Jason, I began to ponder who could help me with it. noveldrama
me 
At that moment, there was only one name that immediately came to mind. 
‘Max Harrison.” 
###Alpha 148
“Alpha is calling you all outside.” Three guards said this as they entered the room. Their voices were strong and rough, as if, in no time, they would shov 
It had been only an hour since I had talked to Adrian. Why did he not give us some time to think about where we would go? 
“Mommy, what’s happening?” Aria asked, crying a mess. Noah looked confused, as he could not understand what was going on around him. 
“Mominy, Uncle is on the bed. Who are they calling Alpha? Noah asked with a perplexed look. 
I glanced at Jason and tightened my fist in sorrow. He was night. His Uncle Jason was the only person he ever heard others refer to as He was not famil 
Alpha 
Without looking at him, I replied, 
“Our Alpha has changed, Noah.” 
“Change? Who is the new Alpha, then?” 
I was about to say something to make him understand the matter, but before that, the guards began to knock on the door loudly, even though it was wide 
“Why can’t you all listen to us? We don’t want to do anything for the former Alpha’s family. Come out right now.” 
I glanced at them and realized that one of them was our old guard. I stared at him. He avoided my gaze. 
“What people say is correct. Time and power have the ability to change everything.” I muttered under my breath as I was walking out of the room first. 
“With your children,” another guard reminded me. 
I was stunned. Did Adrian take them away from me right now? 
My mother held my twins‘ hands and made her way out of the room. My father followed us. 
Eric could not come with us because he passed out from the pain of his wounds. He was also attacked by Alpha Leo, who used a wooden stake that contained poison. So he also needed treatment an 
to find soon. 
As we all entered the living room, I saw Adrian sitting on the couch like a king. He was in his full clothes, hiding his wounds under them. 
As if we were invisible and he had not summoned us, he dropped an ice cube in his glass and swallowed the drink. 
“You called us, Alpha,” my father spoke out. 
I could feel his forceful voice. He did not want to, but he had to obey Adrian. 
Adrian gazed at him and gave him a nod. “It’s time for you to say goodbye to the pack house and everyone in the pack, Mr. Hansley.”
I tightened my fists to control my anger and pain. But my mother failed to hide them. noveldrama
“Why are you doing this? You don’t have any right to hurt us like this.” 
Adrian raised a brow and put the glass on the tea table, which was close to the couch. 
+15.86 
BONUS 
“Why am I doing this? Mrs. Hansley, rather than looking for the answer from me, why don’t you ask yourself the question?” 
My mother was startled. She began to think about what they had done to Adrian. 
“Are you talking about the meeting? My son was naive, and he was mad at you for what you did to my daughter.” My mother, the former Luna of the pack 
She did not feel frightened by the men who were standing behind Adrian and pointing their guns at us. 
Adrian was silent for a while. His eyes shifted from my mother to my children. 
My mother pushed them behind her to hide them from him. 
Adrian scoffed at her action and remarked, 
“I just want my children. Every single one of you can just go to hell.” 
###Alpha 149
“You can not make them apart from their mother. They need her,” my father said with a tone of anger in his voice as he spoke. 
Adrian frowned at him. “What about their father? Don’t you think they need their father, too? I can not believe you have the audacity to keep my children 
As the two men argued with each other, the atmosphere became increasingly heated. 
I held my father’s hand. “Dad, don’t talk to him. He doesn’t have any manners. I don’t want you to feel humiliated by him.” 
Adrian snorted in response to what I had said. As soon as he stood up, I felt a sense of dread wash over me. It was not for myself that I was afraid; rathe 
As he started walking over to my children, I took a shaky breath. 
Aria and Noah were both looking at him with expressions that were distinct from one another. 
Adrian grabbed their hands and pulled them out from behind my mother. 
He got down on one knee and gave them a long, intense look 
I could see a desire in his eyes to yearn for them. I looked away from him. 
For the first time, I felt regret for separating the father and the children from each other. 
But didn’t Adrian tell me that he would never accept the children I would give birth to? Why did he care about it, right now? 
“Will you two live with me? With your dad?” he asked them. 
Aria appeared to be surprised. “D–Dad?” 
She turned her head to me and asked, “Mom, is it true? Is he our dad?” 
I looked at her. A big grin appeared on her face. I could see her eyes brightening as she got her father into her life. 
I clenched my jaw and could not answer her. I was experiencing a feeling of guilt. But I was only trying to save them from this man. The fact that this man would ever want to live with them was a complete surprise to me. 
They were my children. Adrian and I were already divorced. I did not want to give my babies to him. For me, they were my life. 
“Don’t ask her. She is a liar,” Adrian said to Aria. 
He stroked her head with his hand and said, 
“I will take you from here. You will live a life like a princess. You won’t have to hide yourself from the world. 
anymore. 
Η
“No, my mommy is not a liar,” Aria replied with a pout. 
“Really? Then ask her if I am telling any lies.” 
Tears rolled down my cheeks. His words pierced my heart. He was pointing at me with his statements. 
Throughout all these years, I had kept my children hidden from the outside world. I could never take them out in 
front of others as my own children. But now he would do that. 
I lowered my head. What should I do now? Just thinking about my children staying away from me gave me a chill 
down my spine. noveldrama
“Mommy?” Aria looked at me with questionable eyes. 
Before I could reply to her, Adrian stood up straight. He turned around and looked at his officials. 
His eyes shifted to Delta Julian as he ordered him, 
“Julian, take the kids to the Crystal Blood Pack. From today on, they will stay with their grandparents.” 
My eyes widened. I shook my head. It was my hope that I would be able to convince him or that I would be able to escape with my babies until the very e 
At that time, Noah spoke out with an angry tone. 
“No, we will not go with you. We don’t want you. We want our mommy. You are an evil man.” 
D 
###Alpha 150
Adrian slowly turned to Noah. His eyes fixed on the little boy with a frowning gaze. 
“What did you just say?” 
His cold tone caused Noah to flinch, but he did not break eye contact with Adrian. 
I saw a rage in my son’s eyes. I had no idea where it came from. 
“You are not my father. You hurt my mommy when she was with you. We won’t go with you.” 
I could not be more shocked. How did he know about it? Who told him these? 
Adrian clenched his jaw as he turned his head toward me. He came to me and grabbed my arms firmly. 
“Leave her.” Both of my parents said it together in fear that he would hurt me. 
But his guards came to stop them from reaching Adrain. 
I stared at him with a broken look. He tightened his grip, which caused me to hiss in pain. 
“You were talking about manners and all; what happened to your manners now? What about your upbringing? Is this how you teach them to communicate with their father?” 
I could not keep my mouth shut when he raised a question about my upbringing 
“The man who doesn’t know how to talk to his father now expects good manners from his son?” noveldrama
“So you are accepting the fact that he is my son.” 
I sobbed as I was thinking about how to convince him. I wish there was someone right now who could help me. 
“Mommy, don’t cry for this man,” Noah said again 
Noah’s words were only making Adrian more enraged. I turned my head to Noah and said, 
“Don’t talk like that, Noah. Calm down, my baby. Mommy is fine.” 
Adrian drew me closer to him without releasing his grip on my arms. 
“What did you say to him, huh? How much brainwashing did you do to my son?” Adrian asked me while gritting 
his teeth. 
I took a deep breath before replying to him. 
“I didn’t say anything to him. Please don’t take them away from me,” I let out a whispered tone.
I felt shattered. They were the only reason I was alive today 
Noah rushed to me and tried to move Adrian away from me. My parents tried to stop him, but the guards were holding them, so they could not do anythin 
Aria, on the other hand, was shocked. She had never seen Adrian in this anger. Upon observing that he was causing me pain, she appeared to be startled. 
When Noah started to push Adrian with his small hands to make him move away from me, he kept saying, 
“Let my mommy go, you bad man.” 
Adrian lowered his head and glared at him. 
“SHUT UP.” 
His yell jerked Noah’s body into fear. All the confidence he had in him suddenly disappeared. 
His eyes welled up with tears. I pushed Adrian away from me and bent down to hug Noah. 
“My baby, don’t cry. Please don’t cry.” 
I cried while holding him in my arms. I glanced at Aria, who was also crying. I extended my hand, and she ran toward me to hug me. 
I embraced both of them while crying. Why did fate want to separate me from my children? 
My parents looked at us with a sad expression. They felt hopeless. My mother was sobbing while my father felt defeated. All these years, he never let me cry and made me live like a princess, but seeing me in t 
Adrian’s cold heart did not melt by anything. He roared, 
“Julian.” 
Delta Julian rushed to us with some guards, and they began to pull Noah and Aria away from me. 
“Mommy.” They cried, trying their best to hold my hands tightly. 
“No, don’t take them away!” I screamed. 
No one listened to me. My children’s fingers slowly slipped out of my grasp, and they pulled them away from me) to take them outside of the pack house. 
P
###Alpha 151
I got to my feet and grabbed both of Adrian’s hands. 
“Don’t do this to me, Adrian. I will forget everything that you have done to me in the past. I beg you, please don’t take them away from me.” 
He stared at me with cold eyes as if he were taking pleasure in seeing me in that state. 
“Adrin, I will die without them.” 
His eyes studied mine, as though the pain I was feeling in my heart was not enough for him. He wanted to give me more pain. So he said, 
What makes you think that I’ll care if you die or stay alive? Are you going to die after this? Then die.” 
He pushed my hand, which caused me to almost fall to the ground. 
Beta Patric held me to keep me from falling. “It’s better if you let them go,” he muttered in a low voice without looking at me. 
“Martin!” 
I heard my mother’s voice and turned to look in her direction. 
My eyes widened when I saw my father folding his hands in front of Adrian. I shook my head in shock. 
Nothing in this world was as shameful for an Alpha as begging in front of another Alpha. 
“DAD!” 
I screamed while making my way to him. He did not listen to me and looked at Adrian. 
“Those children were the only thing my daughter wanted in her life. Please don’t separate them from her. I will do anything you want, but please don’t do 
I had never seen my father like that before. He never bowed down to anyone before. He had always been polite, and he had earned everyone’s respect 
But today, for the happiness of his daughter, he shoved all of his self–respect aside and bowed his head to another 
man. 
Adrian looked at my father and replied, 
“What can you do for me? Your everything is mine now. There is nothing you can give me. And this acting doesn’t suit you, Alpha Martin.” 
How could a man be so ruthless? noveldrama
He stood in front of my father, who was lowering his head. I hugged my father, telling him not to do this, but he was not listening to me. 
“Remember how you warned me to stay away from your daughter?” Adrian spoke out after a while. 
My father raised his head to look at him.
Adrian shifted his gaze from him to me and muttered, 
-15 BONUS 
“I am almost stubborn not to listen to your warning. But then I realized that your daughter doesn’t deserve it.” 
The hatred that burned in my eyes for him was too much to bear. I wanted to growl or attack him right there. But I tried to control myself. I was not alone. 
Adrian took a few steps back and turned around from us. 
““You were worrying about your daughter because of me. You will not have to do that anymore.” 
After chugging down the drink that he left in his glass, he said, 
“I’m setting your daughter free today.” 
?
###Alpha 152
Adrian left the pack house, leaving us in a destructive state. 
I looked at my mother, who had been crying non–stop. On the other hand, my father stared at the floor without letting out anything. 
I sobbed as pain engulfed my heart. 
In just one night, everything had changed. 
Everything was destroyed by Adrian. I could only wish it was all a nightmare, and that when I awoke, everything would be back to normal. noveldrama
However, nothing returned to the old place; it was not a 
dream but a reality. Adrian decided to kick my family out of the pack, trying to make us homeless. 
As I glanced at my parents, I took a deep breath. I tried to contact someone in my uncle’s pack. As the call connected, I spoke out, 
“Hello, can I talk to Aunt Jen?” 
When she heard me, my mother raised her head to look at me. I put the phone on loudspeaker so that she could also talk to her brother’s wife. 
“Yes, she is here,” the person who was on the call said as she handed the phone to Aunt Jen. 
“Who’s speaking?” The voice of a middle–aged woman came 
to our ears. 
“Aunt, It’s Natalia. How are you?” 
“As you know, your uncle is no longer with us. How do you think I am right now?” 
I blinked my eyes in an attempt to comprehend the harsh tone she was using. I cleared my throat and said, 
“Aunt, mom, and dad are not well. I was wondering if they could come to your pack and stay for a few days. I hope you won’t have any problem with it.” 
Almost immediately, the woman rumbled with a rough tone, “Don’t ever bother trying to send them to me. I’m not taking on any burden. I have heard wha 
Not even allowing me to speak, the woman ended the call after she had finished speaking. 
I stared at the phone for a while with a shocked face. I slowly turned my gaze to my mother, who shook her head in 
disbelief. 
“We have been sending them money to live a luxurious lifestyle for all these years. We never asked anything in return. Whenever they came to visit our p
Her disappointment was clear in her voice. I wish my uncle were alive. He might have helped my parents. 
Or would he have turned his back on them as well? 
At this point in my life, I could not believe in anyone. 
Jason was right. There was no one in whom I could place my 
trust. 
I was already shattered after losing my children to Adrian. I could not lose my family. 
As my mind started to think about where we could go, Gamma Benjamin returned to the pack house. 
I looked at him with teary eyes. “Why are you here? What has your Alpha ordered for you this time? To take our lives?” 
He glanced at my parents, then focused his gaze on me. 
“Alpha ordered me to tell you to move to your new house in the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
My parents were shocked. I frowned at him. “Our new house?” 
“Yeah, Alpha bought a new house for the family of the former Alpha so that they could reside there.” 
“But we can’t leave my brother here. What is he planning to do with him? killing him in the dark?” 
Gamma Benjamin heaved a sigh and replied, 
“If he had the intention, he would have killed him in the war. So don’t think too much. Alpha said he would hand over Alpha Jason’s treatment to his pack
###Alpha 153
Adrian’s POV 
It was not an easy ride for me to head back to the Crystal Blood Pack. My mind was stirred up by all the lies Natalia had told me. 
How could a woman be so shameless? She had misled me about my children through her lies. 
My heart pierced at the thought that my children would have taken someone else’s surname if last night I had not learned about the truth. 
She was a cunning woman who had been planning to deceive me for years. 
“Congratulations!” 
I heard my beta’s voice coming from next to me. 
I gave him a glare as I turned my head to look at him. 
He raised his hand in the air and asked, “I was just congratulating you. Why are you getting angry at me?” 
“It’s not the right time,” I muttered to him. 
He sighed and nodded his head. “I could not help it, Adrian. Only I knew how desperate you were when you started to find the truth. You were utterly devastated when you discovered in the report that they were not your children. But as a father, your heart recog 
Something hit my mind, and I told my driver to stop the car. 
#15 BONUS 
“What, why, Adrian?” Patric asked with a stunned tone. 
“I said fucking stop the car,” I yelled at my driver and he immediately stopped the car in a corner of the road. 
I looked at Patric and said, “Look for the witch who had been helping her to hide my children from me.” 
He appeared to be astounded by my order. 
“Come on, hurry up.” 
He pulled out his phone and dialed a number. He asked one of the old witches in the Blue Blood Pack, who was in touch with him, about it. noveldrama
“Old Physician? Qadir?” 
A moment later, Patric hung up the phone after directing his attention to me.
“She said it’s not a witch but a wizard named Qadir. He is a well–wisher of the Royal Family. He was the person that every member of the royal family turned to whenever they were experiencing any kind of difficulty in their lives.” 
I could not help but scoff. “Are they even serious? What is he? A fortune teller? Tarot card reader? If he can solve the 
problems of their lives, then why did he fail to warn them about their defeat in the war? How come Jason gave the deal to that bastard Leo in the first place?” 
Patric stared at me for a while, then murmured, “Don’t be so arrogant. He has some power to hide the truth. Throughout all of these years, his spell has been extremely 
? +15 BONUS 
I rolled my eyes and gave him a nod. “Where does he live?” 
“In the old villa, Ranking Street” 
I looked over at my driver, who appeared to be paying attention to what we were saying. 
“Put an end to your eavesdropping and start the car. Go to that place.” 
“Y–Yes, Alpha.” 
In an instant, the driver refocused on the road and started the car to head to the new destination. 
I turned my head outside the window. The cold breeze brushed against my body, striking the wounds in my chest and bringing to mind the betrayal that s 
‘It’s time to take a look at your well–wisher, who had the audacity to assist you in this treachery.‘ 
###Alpha 154
The car came to a stop in front of an old brick house. Through the window of the car, I looked at the house. 
I could feel a strange smell coming from inside the house, which I did not like at all. It was clear to me that there was a wizard living inside. But still, there 
I did not waste any time waiting for my driver to open the door for me; instead, I unlocked my car and got out. 
I started to walk toward the house, with Patric trailing behind. 
Due to the fact that it was daylight, I was able to see the color of the house, which had faded, as if it had not been painted for many years. 
“He did not even have the ability to paint his house, but he was helping the Royal Family? I have to say, Alpha Jason is a really close– fisted man,” I said, scoffing at the thought that they did not pay him enough for his hard work. 
As I stopped in front of the door, Patric glanced at me with a nervous look. 
“Adrian, are you planning to kill him?” 
I stared at the door with a dark gaze. I did have the intention of killing the man who had been helping Natalia hide my children. 
How could he do that? 
I did not reply to Patric and lifted my head to kneal 
door. noveldrama
However, before my hand could touch the door, it opened from inside. 
An old man appeared in my sight. Though the outside was full of sunlight, the inside of the house was filled with darkness. 
I was taken aback when my gaze met his eyes. 
He was not just a wizard but also a werewolf! I realized it was the reason he smelled strange. He was a hybrid. 
I frowned at the man, who was not afraid to look at me. Instead of showing any signs of fear, he seemed amazed. 
“All hail to our new Alpha!” 
I raised my eyebrow, realizing that he had learned about the war. Who gave him the news in this sparsely populated area? He looked like he lived here all alone. Well, that was what my beta had informed 
“Qadir?” Beta–Patric asked him to confirm that it really was him. 
I understood why he asked that question. It was because he also did not expect him to turn out to be a hybrid.
The man nodded at him and bowed to me. 
I was surprised that this old man still had the strength to bow down properly 
But then again, his scent struck me. It had a strange smell compared to other hybrids. I was not fond of witches and 
wizards. Why should I? They were not like us. We had 
different lifestyles. They did not have a wolf, either. 
However, people like this old man, who possessed both a wolf and the power of magic, always abused their abilities. Just like he did with my children. 
“How dare you spell my children?” I asked him in a cold tone after ordering him to raise. 
He slowly straightened up and looked into my eyes. Simply by looking into his eyes, I was able to determine that he was a powerful man. 
“Alpha, let’s talk inside.” He stepped aside and asked me to enter his house without replying to my question. 
I gave him a cold look, but I did not reject his offer. I wanted to see how long he would pretend to be strong in front of me. 
As soon as I stepped inside, Qadir went to the long glass windows and opened a few blinds to lighten the house. 
Since there was a little bit of light now, I was about to look around the house. 
But before I could even move my eyes, I heard him saying something from behind, which caught me off guard. 
“I knew you would come here one day. I have been patiently waiting for you for years.” 
###Alpha 155
I turned around and looked at the old man. He had a bright grin on his face. The sunlight illuminated the entire house, allowing me to closely observe his 
Despite the fact that he had wrinkles that indicated he was getting older, he did not show any other signs of aging. He appeared to be of enough strength 
I knew how he did that. With the help of his power of magic, he was able to keep his inner youth. 
“What did you mean?” I heard Patric’s voice from beside me. 
After a brief moment of distraction, I brought my attention back to the words that the old man had just said to me. 
I was wondering what he meant when he said that he had been waiting for me. What gave him the idea that I would pay him a visit at some point in the future? 
As he approached us, like a gentleman, he made a gesture toward the couches and spoke to us in a courteous manner. 
“Most of the time, I speak with other people while sitting on the floor. But since it’s Alpha Adrian, I am afraid I can’t ask him to sit on the ground.” 
I scoffed at him. “Why such special treatment? Is it because of the sin you committed a few years ago? Are you afraid that I will kill you anytime soon?” 
The old man shook his head at me. I was surprised that there was not a glint of fear or any regret in his eyes about what he 
had done. 
“Adrian, he looks mysterious. Let’s sit and hear him out,” Patric whispered to me and tugged me to the couches. 
I sat down and muttered to him in anger. “I will solve his mystery in a few minutes.” 
The old man sat down on the single couch and stared at me for a while. 
“What? Why are you staring at me? Do you want to marry your daughter to me?” 
My words were sarcastic. He chuckled after hearing me. Alpha, you are funny. I have heard a lot about you. But the only thing they did was explain the fear that they had toward you. They never mentioned that you also have this side to you.” 
I was getting impatient with this man. He was not replying to what I wanted to know. 
“Don’t waste my time. I didn’t come here to hear your nonsense.” 
“Of course. What brought you to this old man’s home? Please let me know how I can help you.” The old man, Qadir, asked. 
“Why did you help them hide my children? What if the spell had not been broken in the war? I would never have
discovered the truth.” 
He shook his head in disagreement. “It was your fate that helped you learn about it. I had warned Natalia that she could not hide the truth forever; I had t noveldrama
more than herself. She took my warning lightly.” 
His reply got me so mad that I got to my feet in rage. How dare he even talk about this matter in front of me so lightly? He was directly admitting the fact 
It infuriated me that he did not even bother to ask for forgiveness. Rather than that, he was calling his sin my fate. 
My eyes turned red as I glared at him. “Your time is over. I thought to give you a chance but you are an arrogant old man who doesn’t have any regrets.” 
Patric stood up when I tried to go close to the man. I believed that man deserved to die. 
“Adrian, wai-” 
Patric tried to stop me when my hand was about to touch the old man, but he got interrupted when I let out a groan. 
The old man’s eyes turned deep green as he looked at me. 
An ache shot through my chest. When I lowered my head to check on it, I was shocked. 
Flames were blazing from the claw marks Natalia left on my chest! 
D
###Alpha 156
“What are you doing to my Alpha?” 
Patric yelled at Qadir the moment his eyes fell on the burning flames on my chest. Through my white shirt, it was visible. However, my shirt was not burning; the flame was only burning my chest. 
Right away, Patric pulled out his gun from behind his waist and pointed it in the direction of Qadir. 
“Stop all your magic right down. Otherwise, all six bullets will appear on your forehead after a while,” Patric warned. him. 
Qadir glanced at Patric and responded, 
“Calm down, Beta. Your Alpha is more powerful than you think of him.” 
I clenched my jaw while looking at Qadir. He dared to hit me with his magic. How dare he? 
I turned my attention to Patric and signaled for him to put the gun down. 
Even though he did not wish to, he was unable to disobey my order. 
As soon as he put the gun down, Qadir turned his attention to 
1. me. 
“Accept my apology. I was merely defending myself.” 
When I felt that the flames inside were nearly touching my heart, I growled at him. 
“Stop this fucking thing right now.” 
Almost instantly, everything that was going on inside of me came to a stop. The flame, the burning–everything had stopped in a second. 
I gave Qadir a stern look. 
“Accept my apology, Alpha,” he repeated. 
I tightened my fists at the thought that I wanted but could not kill this man. 
“I will cage in my dungeon,” I told him. 
For the first time, he looked scared of my words. 
I smirked at him as I took a step back from him, then turned to the door.
I was the head Alpha of a pack for a reason. If he was powerful for his magic and spells, then why not stop him from utilizing them? In the dungeon, there would be no more air or moonlight to give him strength to practice his 
Qadir stood up and spoke up. 
“You can cage me but you can’t change your fate, Alpha.” 
My steps halted upon hearing his words. I turned to him and asked, 
“Oh, yes. I heard you are a fortune teller. Why didn’t you warn that royal fanfily about their defeat, Qadir?” 
Qadir looked into my eyes and replied, 
“I am not a fortune teller. But I do sometimes see different 
things from the past and future. Just like I can see the claw marks on your back.” 
I frowned at him and turned my head toward Patric. I asked him in the mind link if he could see the mark from outside 
the shirt. 
He disagreed, shaking his head. 
I laughed at Qadir and asked, 
“Don’t tell me you can see people naked.” 
I was just kidding but it seemed that the old man took my words seriously. That was why he stared at me blankly. I wondered how he had the power to see my wound, which was hiding under my shirt. 
“I can see people’s wounds and I can heal them too. If you want…” 
He paused and lifted his hand. The lines on his palm turned dark red. He then continued to speak. 
“If you want, I can heal the wound in your chest, too.” 
Before he could do anything, I stopped him with a furious 
tone. 
“Don’t.” 
He fisted his fingers and lowered his hand when he heard my denial.
With a calm look, he stated, “Every mark on your body can be healed except the marks on your chest. Do you know why? It nearly pierced your heart, an not a physical wound but the wound of your heart.” 
I was only listening to him while tightening my fists. I indeed did not believe Natalia wanted to kill me. In reality, she did not care whether I lived or died. T noveldrama
difference. That was why she deserved what she was going through right now. 
Seeing me quietly lost in my reflections, Qadir smiled at me. 
“Alpha, you know you have the ability to heal your wounds. Perhaps you do not want them to heal and instead want them to remind you of the person wh 
I averted my gaze from him and replied, 
“I don’t have to explain anything to you.” 
I was about to leave but his next remarks froze me. 
“You already know you love her, Alpha. How long will you deceive yourself? One day, you will have to bow down to her because of your broken heart.” 
###Alpha 157
1 glared at him with a frown and gritted my teeth in a furious state. “What did you just say?” 
Qadair let out a defeated sigh and replied, 
“You wanted to be with her, didn’t you?” 
His brows lifted. “How did he know that?” noveldrama
“Old man, your reflections misguided you. I am not in love with that woman. It’s just because of the mate bond that pulled me toward her.” 
Qadir’s face had changed after hearing me. I was able to observe him. Even though he was not under any kind of pressure, his heart was beating extrem could hear that. 
It was because of the fear that began to form inside his heart in front of his head Alpha. 
“If it were true, you would have rejected her.” 
I was stunned by his words. I had never thought of it before. 
Rejecting her? Could I ever do it? 
However, her betrayal reflected on my mind and gave me a pang in my chest. 
I could not accept that woman anymore. Though those children were mine and she did not cheat on me during our marriage, she committed a sin by hid Beta Eric and settling down with him for the rest of her life. 
+15 BOHUS 
If she wanted, she could go with him. Now, I would no longer stop her since I had freed her from my mind. 
But she could not take my children with her. My children. deserved to get my surname and live their lives like a prince and princess. 
Keeping everything in mind, I took a deep breath and said, 
“I will reject her very soon.” 
It was an easy decision for me. I need to put an end to the feelings that have started to develop in my heart for her. They died as a result of her treachery 
“Adrian!” 
Patric said and shook his head. I wondered why he looked so 
shocked. 
Qadir chuckled and looked away from me. He then murdered in a low tone, which was audible to me.
“You can’t, Alpha. Even if you want to, you can’t.” 
This old man was getting on my nerves. It was entirely Alpha Jason’s fault. He did not handle his pack members and gave them such a high position tha 
How could a royal physician dare talk to the head Alpha like this? Just because he could see a few things and had the power of magic? 
“I think I will consider a change in my decision. Rather than caging you in a dungeon, I will kill you here.” 
Qadir was taken aback. Patric walked up to me and said, 
“He looks powerful and can be in our work. We can take him in our pack. Killing is not necessary.” 
“Don’t show any sympathy to this old man. How could you think he would be able to help us? I mean, how? By telling you when you will get your mate?” 
It caught Patric off guard and averted his gaze from me. He was aware that he would not be able to win me over. 
“If you want, you can kill me, Alpha.” Qadir spoke out. 
I turned my attention back to him. “Oh, really? What will you do now to show your self–defense?” 
He looked into my eyes as if he were watching something as his eyes turned cloudy. 
“Alpha, I believe you came to me a little earlier. One day, you will find yourself in need of me. 
I scowled at him because I could see how confident he was. 
I stormed out of the house in anger and got into my car. Patric followed me and sat down next to me in the back seat. 
“What do you think? I still believe we should not kill him, Adrian.” 
I turned to him and accepted his request. 
“If you really want that, then I am not killing him: However, you will have to close eye on him. Just because he 
keen a 
helped her once does not mean he can not help her again.” 
###Alpha 158
The whole ride was silent as the car entered the Crystal Blood Pack. I could see people were celebrating because their head Alpha had won two new pa 
It took us a few hours to reach the car at the pack house. 
When I got out of my car, I noticed that there were a few cars parked in front of the pack house. 
My children were inside one of the cars. Delta Julian got out of the car and came over to me as soon as he saw me arrive at the pack house. 
“Alpha, I brought them here as you instructed.” 
I looked over at the car, trying to get a glimpse inside. Where were they all this time?” I asked this question because I had returned to the pack late at nig 
“They were in your company’s apartment.” 
“Have they eaten anything?” noveldrama
Julian shook his head. “No. I tried to coerce them to eat something. But both of them want to go back to their mother. 
My mind turned shadowy after hearing that. I saw all of my officials get out of the cars. Patric walked over to me and stood next to me. 
“Take them out of the car,” I ordered them. 
It was my Theta Emon who reached for the back door and 
opened it. 
“Babies, come out. Your dad is here,” he said, trying to sound 
sweet. 
“No, we won’t.” 
I heard Noah’s angry voice. I rolled my eyes as I knew he would behave stubbornly. 
As I made my way to the car, Emon moved to the sideline to make room for me. 
I bent down and looked at the two kids. Aria was asleep, and Noah was sitting while holding her hand tightly. 
I reached out my hand to hold Aria, but Noah grabbed my wrist. 
“Don’t touch her.” 
I glared at Noah. “She is not like you. You are a disobedient child.”
I glanced at his hand, which was still holding on to me. “If you dare to do that again, I will teach a lesson that will make you realize who your father is. 
His grip loosened around my wrist. I picked Aria up and held her in my arms. 
As I stood straight outside the car, I ordered Noah. “Come out of the car right now.” 
” 
My voice was cold, enough to shake him. He glanced at Aria, then got out of the car. 
I thought he was a grown–up child. He cared for his sister 
and was very protective of her, which I really appreciated. But that did not mean I would appreciate his behavior toward 
1. me. 
My parents were shocked when I walked into the pack house, carrying Aria in my arms and Noah walking beside me. 
“Who are they?” my father asked with a shocked look. 
My mother let out a loud gasp when she heard my reply. “They are my children.” 
They could not believe me at first. When I told them about everything, my mother shook her head in anger. 
“I can’t believe it. She had been keeping our grandchildren a secret from us! How could she do that?” 
D 
###Alpha 159
After returning to the pack house, I spent the entire day there. 
Like their mother, my kids had a stubborn nature. All they wanted was to return to her. My mother was making every effort to have a good relationship wi 
My mother was taking care of them. 
It was afternoon when I was working in the study room in the pack house since I moved here to stay close to my 
children. Though they did not talk to me, I knew their anger would ease with time. 
I heard a knock on the door, which paused me from tapping on the laptop. 
“Come in.” I permitted the person to enter the room. 
It was a maid who came inside and bowed her head to me. 
“Alpha, the old master is calling you.” 
“Where is he?” 
“He is with the old mistress in the living room.” 
“Are Noah and Aria with them? 
WILL 
She nodded her head. “Yes, Alpha.” 
Since my father and mother were no longer the head Alpha and Luna, they addressed my father as the old master and my mother as the old mistress. 
“I’m coming.” 
+15 WARM 
I told her to inform them. 
After a while, I closed the laptop and left the study room. 
When I entered the living room, I saw my parents sitting on the couches with my children. 
“Have you two had your lunch?” I asked them, sitting on a single couch. 
Aria lowered her head and nodded at me, indicating that she had. But she did not talk to me. 
In the meantime, Noah kept his distance from me. How could my son have such arrogance?
Was I arrogant like him? 
I believed he went totally on his mother. Just like he got her blue eyes. He remembered the time during the war when his twin’s eyes glowed a different c 
Rising to his feet, Noah took Aria’s hand and started 
dragging her in a direction. 
“Where are you going?” My mother asked Noah. 
“Garden,” Noah replied in simple words. A grin appeared on my mother’s face as Noah replied to her. 
I stared at their backs until they went in the direction of the garden area. 
“Full of himself! I muttered, thinking about Noah. noveldrama
“Just like you.” 
I looked at my father when I heard him. 
“Am I full of myself?” I asked him. 
My mother laughed when my father nodded his head. 
I frowned at him because he paid no attention to how serious 
I was. 
“Your karma is back, Adrian. Just remember how you talk to your father; your son is just like you. He will get my revenge from you.” 
My father said it with a laughing tone as if he were the happiest person in the world. 
I sneered at him. Where could he possibly find a son who is as obedient as I am? Had I ever caused him any discomfort in order to ensure that he had a 
“Jokes apart, Adrian.” 
My attention was immediately drawn to my father as he began to speak. He remained silent for brief seconds, focusing on his thoughts rather than speak 
“Those children are still very young. They need their mother. 
TI 
I averted my gaze away from him. “They don’t need her.” 
“Adrian, given that the two of you have children, which may be a reason for you to get back together, then why don’t yo-” 
At that moment, Lynda’s loud voice echoed in the pack house.
“Adrian, what are other people saying to me? You have children!”
###Alpha 160
We turned our heads towards the door and looked at her. She was standing at the door. She came running toward me and grabbed my arm as she appr 
“Adrian, how is it even possible for that to happen? Who are they, exactly?” 
I looked away from her and replied, “You heard it right. They are my own blood.” 
She jerked my arm to make me face her. I was stunned by her actions. But I could not say she was overreacting. This woman loved me, so this news ca 
After giving her a look, I said, 
“Lynda, I am not alone anymore. Now, I am a single father. I need to take my children’s responsibility.” 
A look of disbelief could be seen in her face. “How are you so sure that they are yours? Did you run any DNA tests?” 
I remembered how I tried to do that to find out the truth, but Natalia tricked me. I needed to find the doctor who gave me the results. He would have to pa 
I yanked her hand off of my arm and then responded to the question that she had asked. 
“I don’t need to. I can feel them. My wolf can smell them.” 
She took a step back while her eyes widened in surprise. It appeared as though she was disoriented, as her eyes wandered across the room. 
“Lynda, calm down. Don’t behave like an immature woman,” my mother scolded her. 
She shook her head. “I do not understand how you can expect me to behave in a mature manner when Adrian arrives with children. How? Did Natalia make another attempt to catch you in the trap?” noveldrama
I turned to her with scowling eyes. “How do you know that Natalia is their mother?” 
“I–I believe you never cheated on me. T–They may be children of your first marriage.” 
Het out a sigh when I saw her frightened face. I almost doubted her. 
She was an innocent woman. How could I even look at her with doubtful eyes? 
Natalia was entirely to blame for everything that happened. It was because of her that I was hesitant to put my faith in any other woman now. 
My mother summoned a maid and instructed her to bring Lynda some water. 
After a while, Lynda looked at me and asked, 
“Can I meet the kids?” 
“No. They don’t want to meet anyone.”
My mother stopped me and said, 
“Let her at least see them.” 
I was unable to refuse it and grant her approval. Lynda went to watch them from a distance while accompanied by a maid in the garden. 
Lynda returned to the silent living room after a few minutes. 
She moved over to sit beside me. I could see my father was observing her. 
It looked like he was still fond of Natalia, even after what she had done. Because of this, he was unable to simply accept Lynda from his heart. 
“Adrian,” Lynda muttered while lowering her head. 
I did not want to ruin this woman’s life, who gave me a new life. I wanted to give her a happy life but ended up turning cold to her. 
She did not deserve a man who had two children with another woman. 
“Lynda. You have been with me for many years. I could not give anything to you anymore. You need a good life partner. There is a way for me to provide 
She immediately grabbed my hand and shook her head. 
“I can’t even think about it, Adrian. I will die if you abandon me.” 
She glanced at my parents and then returned her gaze to me. 
“Your father is right. Your children need their mother, and I 
will be their mother. I will raise them like my own children and give them motherly love.” 
###
When I heard Lynda, I was completely taken aback.
I stood up and asked, "What?"
Getting to her feet, she gave a slight nod of her head.
'Yes, Adrian. You heard me right. I will be their mother."
I shook my head. No, she was unable to comprehend it. She was just going with the flow without thinking for herself.
"Adrian, it's a good thing if she handles your kids. Why are you opposing it?" My mother asked me with a forceful smile.
"Mom, you are not getting it."
I did not love Lynda, and even if I were to tie the knot with her in the future, it would only be a marriage of compromise.
When I looked over at my father, he was staring at me with a blank expression.
"I wanted to give you another option, but your girlfriend gave you a choice. Therefore, the decision rests with you, as I have ceased interfering with your affairs," my father said to me.
I knew what he wanted at that time. He wanted me to get back to Natalia.
But that was impossible.
That woman deserved my rejection, not my acceptance, for entering my life once again.
I left the living room with a gloomy face. As I was walking by the garden, I paused my steps and cast a glance in the direction of my children from the door.
I witnessed Noah acting like a big boy, patting Aria on the head.
"We will go back to Mommy. Don't worry."
Noah spoke with an air of self-assurance. My gaze was fixed on him. He was truly a momma's boy.
I tightened my fists as I mind linked with one of my officials.
After speaking with him, I walked towards my children. When they noticed me, they stood up from the bench and started to make their way toward the door.
I grabbed their hands and made them sit on the bench again.
I came down to my knees and sat there looking at them. They were trying to avoid looking at me.
"Are you two angry with your dad?"
Noah uttered in a choppy voice, "You are not our dad."
It made me mad at him. But I tried my best to control myself.
"I know it's tough a situation for you two, but you will get used to this life soon, I will admit you to the best school
in this pack. Soon you will make friends and forget about that woman."
Aria looked at me with teary eyes.
"She is my mom."
When I saw her crying, it put a damper on my mood. I wiped away her tears. 'Don't cry."
At that moment, Delta Julian arrived in the garden carrying a tab and a phone.
I handed them to my children and said,
"You two can play with them. I really hope that it will help you let go of some of your anger." I had seen how Aria liked to use my phone when she was with me in the hotel room.
In an instant, Noah's eyes brightened up as he snatched the tab and smiled while looking at it.
Aria slowly held the phone with a lightened face. I chuckled at them and patted their heads.
When I was leaving the garden, I spotted Lynda at the door.
After giving my children a quick glance, she turned her attention back to me.
"You love them."
I turned my gaze away from her. "Of course I do. They are my blood."
"If only their mother loved you. I can't believe how she has been deceiving you all these years, Adrian."noveldrama
The realization that her words were true caused me to clench my jaw.
But I was shocked when she spoke out again.
"Adrian, have you understood her plans? The first thing she did was drug you, and then she slept with you. After that, she made you marry her against your will.
As soon as she realized that you were not going to fall into her trap and that you would never allow her to be your Luna, she divorced you and ran away with your children. She devised a strategy to get your children ready to fight against you. She had a scheme to destroy you in the future so that her brother and her so-called fiance, Eric, could easily obtain your pack."
It brought to my attention that Natalia had been plotting against me for all of these years.
###Alpha 162
Natalia’s POV 
It had been one month since my family and I moved to the Crystal Blood Pack. noveldrama
Life had been different ever since the night that we were defeated in the war. 
Because Adrian allowed us to stay in his pack, we were able to at least spend our days here without having to worry about. being homeless. 
Just because he gave my parents shelter in his pack, I could not say he was a beast. What if we were forced to live our lives as rouges? Where would my parents have gone at that time? 
Regarding the matter of granting me permission to meet my children, I could say that Adrian was the most ruthless man I had ever seen. 
He strictly prohibited me from interacting with my own 
children. He gave the order for all of the guards to stop me if they saw me close to the pack house. 
To get a glimpse of my babies, I had made numerous 
attempts to go to the pack house, but they refused to let me in. I was disappointed. 
It came as a surprise to me that Adrian’s mother did not answer when I called her to ask for help. I could not help but wonder what caused her to start ac 
It reminded me of how she used to behave with me when I was the new bride to his son. 
“Mommy, are you okay?” Noah asked with a worried tone. 
I was talking with him and Aria on a video call. Adrian had given them a phone and a tab for play. As soon as they received it, the first thing they did was connect the Wi– Fi, and then they called me. 
That was the reason I was passing my days with a sense of relief. I stopped roaming around the pack house out of fear that Adrian would snatch those devices from them. 
“I’m fine, my baby. Have you both had your breakfast yet?” 
Aria shook her head. “No, I don’t want to.” 
“Why?” 
“That aunt always brings us our meals. We don’t like her.”
Aria’s tone conveyed anger when she mentioned Lynda. I could not believe that Adrian wanted to make Lynda my babies‘ mother. He could have just let 
1. me. 
“She even told us to call her mom in front of Dad,” Aria blurted out. 
I got mad when I heard that. “Don’t call her mom. You have only one mom, and that’s me, okay?” 
Both Noah and Aria nodded their heads at me. 
I rubbed my face with my palm and sighed. This Alpha rank was getting heavy on me. I got angry too easily. 
“My bables, don’t worry. Everything will be fi-” 
Noah interrupted me, saying that, 
“Mommy, someone is coming. We’ll call you later.” 
I looked at them with a nod of my head. 
Before they could cut the call, I heard Lynda’s voice. 
“My kids, come on, have your breakfast. Don’t make me mad. If you don’t listen to me, I will make a complaint to your dad. He is a monster. He will kill yo 
The call hung up somehow. My hand was firmly gripping my phone. 
It was clear to me what Lynda was up to. She was 
brainwashing my children against their father, just like she had been doing to their father against their mother. 
I could not help but wonder about her future. 
‘What punishment will Adrian give Lynda when he gets to know her truth? Will he be able to punish his sweetheart, whom he loves the most?‘ 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou yo 
you 
D
###Alpha 163
After I had finished getting dressed, I walked out of my room and went into the hallway. 
There was no way I could deny the fact that Adrian gave us a big house similar to the one we had lived in before. 
When his gamma told us that we would be moving here, I thought he had decided on a house with two rooms. 
But the day we arrived here, I was shocked. Here, we had a bunch of maids and servants. Outside of the house, there were three cars that were parked 
But I declined it. Instead of luxury, I wanted to get my children back. That day, Delta Julian said something that made me feel awkward. 
I could still remember his words. 
“Natalia, you are a lucky woman. Not every woman has what you have.” 
Even after a month had passed, I was still unable to comprehend what he was trying to mean with his words. Therefore, I decided to stop thinking about 
The fact that I was able to see my children through video calls was the only thing that made me happy. 
As I made my way to the room where Jason was, I noticed that the maids were chatting with one another about something while looking at their phones. 
I peered at the screen of their phone. I could not help but roll my eyes when I saw them drooling over the photos of their head Alpha that were posted on 
‘Alpha Adrian! Why are all women into bad guys? Can they not see so many good guys roaming around the world?‘ I thought, walking past them. 
They noticed me and immediately hid their phones from me. 
I paid no attention and went to Jason’s bedroom. 
Upon entering the room, I was immediately greeted by the sounds of sobbing. 
My mother was crying. I clenched my jaw when my gaze turned to my brother, who had been lying on the bed motionless for one month. 
Harold was in charge of his treatment. But he made it 
abundantly clear to me that there was no possibility that my brother would survive. He tried but did not find any cure for the poison. 
Still, I did not give up any hope at all. I did everything in my power to get in touch with Doctor Max Harrison. But I could not reach him. There were rumor 
My mother’s eyes were filled with tears when she noticed me. Whenever she saw me, her eyes lit up with excitement, as if she believed that I had some 
Without uttering a single word, I silently exited the room after turning around.
I pulled out my phone from my bag and dialed Max’s number once again. 
Unreachable once again. noveldrama
The moment I stepped outside of my house, I caught a glimpse of the two cars that had been left untouched the entire month. 
My father used only one car to go to my old pack to meet Eric. I was also looking for a cure for him because he was in a very serious condition. 
I took a taxi and went to my destination. I stepped out of the taxi as soon as it arrived at the location. 
I looked at the place and read the nameplate with a smile on my face. 
“Moon Lovers.” 
It was the coffee shop where I had been working as a waitress for one month. 
When I entered the coffee shop, the owner greeted me with a grin. She was a nice lady. 
“Good morning, Natalia. A new day with a new beginning.” 
?
###Alpha 164
“Good morning, Liana.” I responded, and then I gave her a hug. 
Liana Anderson was a lady in her late forties. She was the 
owner of the coffee shop and ran it by herself. When I said run, I meant she had to cover all of the expenses on her own. There was no man to help her. 
What caught my attention about this woman was that she was also a single mother like me. Maybe she had the same reason to like me as well. 
However, I was all alone now. I was no longer a single 
as 
mother but a single lady who had responsibilities for her family. 
Sometimes, I wish I could live a peaceful life with my children. 
As a medical student, I attempted to join the Pack Hospitals before applying to this coffee shop, but they told me that their Alpha would not permit them t 
With every anger that rose in my heart, I still tried to ease it because that man was taking care of my children. He was giving them a life, which I could ne 
He accepted my children in front of the whole world. He was going to celebrate their fifth birthday in two weeks. 
“Hello, Natalia. This is for you!” an employee handed me a 
note. 
I opened it and found a love letter. I could not help but laugh. 
This coffee shop was near a college, so most of the time, lots of boys would come here to hang out with their friends. 
A few of them wrote notes to the wait staff. This note was the sixth note I was getting this month. 
“You are pretty. They can’t help it,” Liana said while passing me the uniform, which was a black apron where “Moon Lovers” were printed with a white– moon. 
“They are thinking that I am a teenage girl. Little did they know I was already divorced and had given birth to two children.” I muttered with a chuckle. 
Liana gave me a disapproving look. “Come on, young lady, Life isn’t over yet. Maybe someone new is waiting for you. outside. You can’t let the chance g 
I placed my hand on the counter and rested my chin on my palm. “Oh, really? Then why didn’t you give yourself a 
second chance?”
She was stunned. Perhaps she did not expect me to ask that in return. 
“I apologize if I offended you,” I replied, straightening my 
back. 
She took my hand and replied, noveldrama
“I don’t want to see another version of myself. I lost my chance when I had an opportunity to grab it.” 
I could see the pain in her eyes from staying alone in her life. Was it that hard? I had spent six years alone. Would I not be able to pass the rest of my life 
As we listened to the bell, we noticed that customers were entering the coffee shop. 
I immediately kneeled down to the lower desk in order to grab the menu so that I could distribute it to each of the other employees. 
But when I stood up, I heard a loud gasp coming from Liana. 
I was confused by her reaction. What happened, Liana?” 
She lifted her hand and pointed her finger at my chest. 
“Natalia, there is a three–line mark on your breasts. I–It looks like someone clawed you! 
###Alpha 165
I immediately lowered my head to fix my dress. I forgot to put makeup on my wounds today. 
I thought no one would notice that since I was wearing decent clothes. 
On the other hand, Liana’s eyes discovered my wounds when I knelt down. I scolded myself for my carelessness. 
Liana grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the dressing room. After closing the door, she inquired, 
“Where did you get those marks?” 
I chuckled awkwardly. “I fought with a rogue and got that mark,” I lied. 
“Yeah, it looks raw. Why didn’t you dress it up? It will heal soon.” 
I appreciated her advice, but I had tried. In fact, I was shocked when I saw it had not healed despite my fast healing power. Following that, I tried to apply 
“It’s a relief that you are fine. Don’t go to the forest again. You may have heard of the council party many months ago. That time, they said rogues were e 
I understood what she meant. I gave her an assuring nod. She was like a guardian. 
Actually, she had a daughter around my age. She had sent her 
abroad with all of her savings a few years ago. 
“You are just like my daughter. In fact, whenever I see you, I feel that I am seeing my daughter. Please do not get hurt, and if you need help at any time 
When she left the dressing room, I locked the door and took off my dress. noveldrama
I looked in the mirror while lifting my hand. I hissed when I touched the three claw marks. 
I shut my eyes when it reminded me of the person who caused this wound. 
“I thought it was only my power. But he also has the ability to leave traces on others.” 
I said it while gritting my teeth. After putting on the dress‘ once more, I made sure to wear the apron snugly so that even if I bent over at a later time, my 
Then I went to start another day at work. 
Throughout the day, I kept checking my phone to see if any of my children had called me. Working at a place like that made me happy and satisfied. The was calm and soothing. 
I recently developed a fondness for the aroma of freshly brewed coffee and hot brownies. 
I spent the entire day working at the coffee shop. Liana always left in the evening.
On the other hand, she provided me with spare keys to the coffee shop. So, I was the one who shut down the coffee shop 
each and every day. 
It was nine o’clock at night when everyone had left the coffee shop, including the other staff members. 
I put the money on the cashier and locked it. 
“I am done for today.” 
I was about to remove the apron when I heard bells ringing from behind me. It indicated that someone had entered the coffee shop. 
“Sorry, the shop is closed,” I said as I turned around to look at the customer. 
However, when my gaze fell on the person, my eyes widened. “Max Harrison!” 
###Alpha 166
Max was staring at me with stunned eyes, as if he had seen a ghost. 
“It has been a while. Where have you been? I had been looking for you,” he muttered. 
I was taken aback. “You were looking for me?” 
Just to make sure I was not dreaming, I gave my hand a quick pinch. 
I let out a hiss when I realized that it was not a dream and he was standing in front of me! 
My eyes almost got teary as I found new hope for my brother. I had been searching for him for so long. Finally, my luck turned out to be on my side, and 
A broad smile appeared on my face because of it. 
He started to walk, making his way toward me. 
However, he got hit on his leg by a chair on a table. 
I immediately took off my apron and rushed to help him. “Max, are you okay?” I asked, holding his arm. 
When he looked at me, I realized he was drunk. 
“Max, please sit down.” 
I pulled a chair for him, and thankfully, he sat down there. “What happened to you? Why are you drunk – ” 
+15 BONU 
The smell of alcohol emanated from his shirt. His hair was messy, and his eyes were red because of the influence of the alcohol. 
When I didn’t get a response from him, I asked him again, Are you okay?” 
He gazed at me for a while, then shut his eyes. He gave a slight shake of his head and rubbed his forehead. 
“Natalia?” he mumbled to himself. 
“Yes?” I responded, sitting in a chair next to him. 
“How come you are here?” he asked in a low tone. 
“I work at this coffee shop.” 
He heaved a sigh and glanced at me. His eyes appeared to be cloudy. He needed some rest. What brought him here in such a state?
“I am a little drunk. Don’t mind me.” 
“No, it’s okay, Max.” 
He dropped his head on the table, indicating that he was out of strength. 
I could not help but wonder what had caused this healer to become so upset that he felt the need to drink. 
By the way, what was the reason behind his statement that he was looking for me? 
“Were you looking for me? Is there anything that I can do to help you in any way?” noveldrama
He was silent. I stared at his head. His hair looked soft to me. I thought he had fallen asleep. So I did not disturb him. 
Then, all of a sudden, I caught a glimpse of a red mark on the back of his neck. 
With a frown on my face, I suddenly felt the urge to see it more clearly. 
As I leaned close to his head to get a better look at it, I saw a small dagger of red color. 
I had never seen a mark like that before. I was so preoccupied with examining the mark that I could not notice when he moved his head. 
I gasped when he turned his head toward me. His face became closer to mine. 
His eyes, which were a little dizzy, were looking into mine. 
“What are you looking at?” he asked me. 
“T–That mark on your neck,” I replied. 
I bit my tongue to stammer in front of him. But I was surprised when he answered my question. 
“Only a healer can have this mark on their body.” 
D
###Alpha 167
I slowly moved my face back. My wolf’s words came to mind when I heard him calling out the word “healer.” 
According to my wolf, I would be a healer in the future, which I did not believe. If I had this mark on my body, then I could at least consider it. 
I saw Max staring at me again. I felt frightened by his long and deep gaze. 
Was he possessed by something? 
I cleared my throat and got to my feet. “I think I can help you to ease your headache a little by brewing some coffee for you. 
I turned around but stopped when he grabbed my hand. 
I turned to him and saw him resting his head on the table once again. 
“If you want to help me, then help me get back to my car. I want to go back to the hotel.” 
I thought for a moment. He helped me the night I was drunk. with great care, like a gentleman. Today, it was my turn to help him. 
By the way, I could not lose contact with him. He could be the life savior of my brother. 
“Okay, let’s go.” 
I took his arm and encircled it around my shoulder while I was holding it. Then, I helped him to stand up. He was not 
unconscious but only drunk, so he did not put all of his weight on me. 
I managed to grab the keys from the counter with our shaking steps and walk out of the coffee shop. 
I closed the shop and asked Max, 
“Where is your car?” 
“I don’t know,” he muttered. 
I was stunned by his answer. The man was drunk, and it was nighttime. If I couldn’t find his car, where would I roam around with him in this state? 
I turned my head to the left and right, then began to walk to the left side along with him. 
I had no idea where I was going. But with each passing second, his weight became heavier on me. 
“Don’t lose your consciousness. Otherwise, we will have to be on the road the whole night. 
In response, he chuckled like a crazy man. I let out a sigh and decided to get a taxi. 
I tried to get him to stand up straight, but he ended up falling on me. I was on the verge of falling, but I managed to keep my steps under control and prev
‘How am I even supposed to call a taxi in this condition?‘ I thought. 
There was no taxi in sight when I looked around the street. I lost hope and raised my head to glance at him. 
He was tall, and my head was pressed against his chest. 
I could feel the heat rising on my cheeks when I felt how close we were. 
He had been my mentor for a long time. I had always dreamed of meeting him. I even got the chance twice. But this time, I met him by fate. 
“Max, can you hear me?” 
“Hmm?” 
I did not waste my time and asked him why I had been searching for him throughout the entire month. 
“I need your help. My brother is sick. Will you help him?” 
He was quiet, as if he were not listening to me. I wanted to ask him again, but at that time, a car came to a stop behind 
1. us. 
Someone opened the door and approached us. 
“Doctor Max?” noveldrama
Hearing the deep voice, I immediately turned around. 
My eyes landed on the man whom I had not seen in over a month. The ruthless man I detested the most. 
Adrian! 
###Alpha 168
Looking at Adrian, I felt like I was seeing him after ages. Because of everything that I had to go through during the entire month, he did not allow me to fo 
From the way he was punishing me by preventing me from seeing my children to the wound that he gave on my chest, everything reminded me of him, o 
“You!” 
Adrian said it with an angry tone. 
I guessed that he was not aware that it was me until I turned to him after hearing his voice. 
I looked away from him and bowed my head to him. 
He was my head Alpha now. I was bound to bow down to him. 
Although Alpha in rank, I had never had a desire to run a pack or win a war to make someone else’s pack mine. However, last time, I did want to win. It w 
Even though losing the war damaged their reputation, I was thankful that Adrian allowed my family to continue living under his peaceful rule. 
One thing that always surprised me was that he forbade the entire pack from saying anything against my parents. He declared the first day that the form 
would have to confront their head Alpha directly. 
I was taken aback by the fact that he was such a great Alpha for the members of his pack. When the other pack said he was a successful Alpha, they did lie. 
I wondered why he was giving my family such facilities. Did Jason make a request for that from him before submitting himself to him? Or was everything 
compensation for him for taking my children away from me? 
“We were just trying to get a lift, Alpha.” I said it politely without looking at him. 
I was afraid that if somehow his words angered me or if I offended him, he would make it difficult for me to contact my children. 
Adrian ignored me and looked at Max. He patted his shoulder when he noticed Max was leaning on me. 
“Doctor Max? What happened to you?” 
Max was a very important person for every pack. He was the biggest healer, and no one could afford to offend him. Because every Alpha knew once in life, they might need Max’s help for the 
Max turned to look at Adrian with blurry eyes. I glanced at Adrian when he grabbed Max’s jaw to look at him carefully.
His eyes darkened as he turned to me with a fierce expression. 
With his eyes fixed on me, he clenched his jaw. I was confused by his sudden reaction. 
He gritted his teeth and asked, 
“What did you do to him?” 
My eyes widened in surprise. “What are you saying?” noveldrama
After releasing his grip on Max’s jaw, he growled at me. Even though I was not shaken by his growl, I was confused by it. 
“I don’t know what you ar-“. 
He interrupted me with a glare and spoke out in a cold tone. But what affected my heart were his cruel words. 
“Just like you did with me so many years ago, you drugged him to sleep with him, didn’t you?” 
D 
###Alpha 169
My lips parted in shock. How could Adrian possibly have such a thought? Not only was he a cold– blooded man, but he was also the most filthy man I had ever come across. 
What did he think of me? Who was I? A slut who roamed around men to sleep with them? 
I was on the verge of growling at him. But I tightened my fists to control myself. 
“You are misunderstanding the situation, Alpha,” I said blankly while looking into his eyes. 
His eyes were filled with scorn for me, which was something that I had seen before. 
He scoffed at me. “Did I even need to ask you that question? You, you are the woman who can do anything to get what she wants. You drugged me that 
One by one, he was talking nonsense. “I don’t want to listen to you. Please leave us in our position. You can leave now. noveldrama
Η 
I turned around with Max and began to walk. Adrian grabbed my hand to stop me. It made my legs disbalanced, which made me lean toward him to cont 
“I won’t let you destroy his life in the same way you did mine. 
TE 
His loud voice and the position of the way we were standing 
caused Max to come back to sense. 
He shook his head and tried to stand straight. He frowned at Adrian, then glanced at me. 
‘Will he act in front of Adrian as if he did not ask me to help him?‘ I pondered, silently praying that I would not appear foolish. 
“Alpha Adrian? What are you doing here?” Max asked with a muttering voice. 
I immediately moved away from Adrian since Max had stood up straight by himself. 
Doctor Max, you are drugged. 
I could not understand why this man was calling Max drugged when he was actually drunk. 
“No, I’m just drunk. Don’t mind me.” 
Max took a step back, but his steps were shaky as he did so. I dashed to grab him again. Adrian gave me a stern look when he noticed that. 
“Don’t trust her,” he said to Max.
Max blinked his eyes a few times and rubbed his forehead. 
“She is with me. You don’t have to worry about it.” 
Adrian’s brows lifted when he heard his reply. His attention turned to me. However, I was looking at Max. 
I could see he was making an effort to get back to his senses. 
I wondered what actually happened to him. Did someone 
really drug him? Who wanted to harm a man as gentle as him? 
“Alpha Adrian, I will see you later. I am just heading back to the hotel. She will help me.” 
After he finished speaking, Max placed his hand on my shoulder, signaling that he needed my assistance again without saying anything else. 
I smiled at him and nodded my head. As soon as we began to walk, Adrian spoke out. 
“Get in my car. I will drop you off at the hotel.” 
###Alpha 170
I turned my head to look at Adrian. “We can manage,” I uttered at him. 
He did not pay attention to me and looked at Max directly. 
“It’s already late, and you are not in a good state. I can’t let you get harmed in my pack. So get in the car.” 
Max slowly turned to face him, and then he gave Adrian a nod. 
“Thanks, Alpha Adrian.” 
I closed my eyes in annoyance. Max should not have accepted his offer. 
After heaving a sigh, I walked toward the car while holding Max. I opened the back door and helped him sit inside. 
I walked around the other side and opened the door. Before I could get inside, Adrian grabbed the edge of the door to stop 
1. me. 
“Where are you getting in?” he asked. 
I looked at him and replied, “In your car?” 
I mean, was it not obvious to him? 
He frowned at me. “Why? Do you want to go to the hotel so you can carry out your plan?” 
He was getting on my nerves right now. How could a person take so much humiliation at a time? 
“I don’t care what plan you are thinking about. But I don’t 
think I can trust you with him.” 
He scoffed at me. “And who is he to you that you can’t trust me with? Your next target after your fiance, Eric? Oh wait, ex- fiance, because he is deadly s noveldrama
He looked so calm while letting out those piercing words toward me, as if it were very easy for him to insult me. 
“Don’t talk about Eric. It doesn’t matter to you. And you heard Max a while ago; he wants me to help him, so if you want to help him, then you have to be 
After saying that, I clambered into the backseat and forcefully closed the door. 
From where I was sitting, I could see him tightening his fists. 
As if he were trying to control his anger, he took some deep breaths and got in the driver’s seat since he was the one who was driving the car. 
During the whole ride, the car was silent. I did not let Max go alone with Adrian because I was afraid that I would lose 
contact with Max once again.
As the car was moving toward the direction of the hotel, I began to think about how Max would remember me. 
A small smile appeared on my face when I got an idea. I opened my bag, took out the little notepad and pen, and wrote something down. 
“Max, here is my cell number. Please call me when you are free. I need your help. -Natalia 
* Bas 
I did not forget to leave my number on the note. As I was thinking about how to put the note in Max’s pants‘ pocket, fate made it easier for me. 
Suddenly, I felt weight on my shoulder. I turned my head and found Max sleeping on my shoulder. 
I glanced at his pants‘ pocket and put the note into it in a very slow motion. 
When I finally succeeded in doing it, I could not help but laugh. As I was about to move my head toward the window, my eyes fell on the rare mirror of the car. 
I was taken aback when I noticed that Adrian was looking at Max and me with his dark eyes. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free to 
You you!
###Alpha 171
I turned my attention away from his gaze and looked out the window. It took us more than half an hour to reach the hotel. Out in front of the hotel, Adrian 
I glanced at the hotel and realized that it was the same hotel where I had stayed during the time when I stayed in the pack to help Adrian’s father with Max’s cure. 
I turned my head to the side, only to find Max sleeping peacefully on my shoulder. 
I stared at him for a while. He looked somehow cute to me in his sleeping state. 
The sound of a knock on the window glass caused me to divert my attention away from Max and brought me back to the realization of what I had been th 
moment. 
‘What is wrong with you, Natalia?‘ I asked myself and shook my head. 
The moment I turned my head to look out the window, I noticed Adrian glaring at me. 
After he had made my life a living hell, he still had the courage to give me glares every time, which led me to believe that he only needed one opportunity to kill me. 
I opened the door and got out of the car. I was about to help Max come out when Adrian spoke out. 
“Stay away from him.” 
I rolled my eyes, which he could not see. But then I noticed 
some waiters running over to Adrian’s car and starting to help Max. 
“Be careful. He is sleeping,” I told them when they proceeded inside the hotel. 
“Foolish woman, he is not asleep. He is unconscious.” I heard Adrian mutter. 
I was taken aback. ‘Unconscious? I thought he was sleeping.” I thought in my head. 
When Adrian saw me engrossed in my thoughts, he mocked 
1. me. 
“What? Are you planning how to get inside the hotel so that you can reach his room: 
His words took me back to reality. I turned my head to face him and replied with a cold tone. 
“Stop testing my patience, Alpha Adrian. Since you now have my children, I am remaining silent and speaking to you in a polite manner. I am not an ung 
considerable enough to make me accept you as my head Alpha. So if I am calm, don’t be this misconception that I lon’t have the ability to strike back.”
ignored his cold expression because he always wore it on is face. I wondered how I fell for a man like him many years go. Now that I had moved on with 
turned around and walked to the street. I lifted my hand to ail a taxi. 
“Don’t pretend to be a decent woman. You can have an excuse for everything but not for the night when you drugged me,” 
I heard his angry growl behind me. He was roaring at me. 
I turned around and looked into his eyes. 
The anger in my heart caused my eyes to glow blue as I replied to him. 
“I have had enough of hearing about that night, Adrian. You believe I drugged you, right? Then, yes, I drugged you that night. I devised conspiracies against you. I never wanted you but was only interested in your position.” noveldrama
D
###Alpha 172
Adrian’s POV 
As soon as Natalia admitted that she had drugged me that night, I was taken aback. I fixed my gaze on her deep blue 
eyes. 
I saw flashes of fur inside them, which took me off guard. A frown formed on my face. Wasn’t it supposed to be me who should feel anger in my heart? T 
‘Happy? You know the truth now,” she said while laughing like a mad woman. 
She folded her hands in front of me and said, “Now let me live my own life. If I destroyed your life by marrying you, please forgive me. If I am a sinner, then marrying you in the past is the deadly sin of my life. I know you hate me for that marriage, and believe me, I am regretting meeting you in my 
I was shocked when I caught a glimpse of tears in the corner of her eyes. She was trying her best to keep them from falling, and she was able to do it pe 
For a second, she looked no longer the strong woman who fought me in the war and almost ripped my heart out of my chest, but the broken woman who 
I clenched my jaw, feeling a stirring in my heart as I gazed 
her tearful face. I looked away from her and said, 
“Get in the car. Your house will be in my way.” 
I hated myself for lying to her. This woman had the audacity to play me, but I was still feeling care for her. 
Why? 
Why could I just not let her die in the war after learning the truth about my children? Why did I give her every possible thing in my pack so that she would 
I opened the door to get inside the car when I noticed her moving toward my car. But instead of getting in the car, she stopped in front of me. 
By the time she looked at me, her eyes had returned to their darkest color. 
“Adrian, what you have done to me in the past and, in fact, what I am going through right now is all because of you. But I can’t deny my fate. It is written in my bad luck to bow down to you even if I want to kill you every time I see you.” 
I clenched my jaw while staring at her. She took a deep breath before speaking again. 
“You are the father of my children. I am happy that you accepted them. It was the toughest day of my life when I left your pack with them in my stomach. At that moment, I was 
My brows lifted when I heard her. “Stop lying, woman. I no noveldrama
longer believe you.” 
While shaking her head, she let out a chuckle. 
“It’s not a new thing anyway. All I can request from you is to keep my children in safe hands. Don’t hurt them just because I gave them birth. I am tired of 
She paused for a while, as if collecting her thoughts, then said, 
“I really hope we never see each other again.” 
I did not stop her when I noticed that she was turning her back on me. 
She stopped a taxi and got inside. She left, leaving me in a daze. 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou yo 
you
###Alpha 173
I was on my way to the pack house in my car. Right now, my mind is completely disorganized. 
Because of her words and the way she looked, I could not help but think about the past. 
I recalled the night she drugged me. I used to believe that she was the one who did it. 
“How can she admit it?” I groaned in anger as my fingers clenched around the steering wheel. 
I was okay until today. I was aware of her plans against me, but the moment she admitted that she had drugged me and married me only for my position 
I swerved the car to go in a different direction. I no longer had the mind to return to the pack house. 
I went to my company’s apartment. I took a shower to ease my mind, but Natalia’s words kept replaying in my head. 
I went out of the bathroom after the shower, lit a cigarette, and took a few puffs. 
It somewhat relieved my distress a little. 
At that moment, my phone began to ring. I glanced at the screen of my phone and noticed that it was Lynda. 
I was not willing to receive her call right now. However, when she called once again, I went to grab the phone. 
I received the call and was immediately greeted by her soft noveldrama
voice. 
“Adrian, where are you?” 
“I am at my house.” 
“Your house? But I am in the pack house. You are not here.” 
I frowned when I heard her. “What are you doing there late at night?” 
After a brief silence, she replied in a low tone, “I am trying to get along with Aria and Noah. They are very sweet kids. I think they like me a lot. They even 
I rubbed my forehead as I felt that this woman trying 
was hard to remain in my life. She was even taking care of my children selflessly. 
“Lynda, it’s good that they like you.” 
She chuckled and said, “I have a request. Will you fulfill it for me?” 
“Just say it.”
“One of my friends is throwing a birthday party on Silver Night. Will you please accompany me there?” 
Hearing that name, my mood turned gloomy. 
Silver Night was the most expensive club in my pack. In fact, it was the same club where Natalia drugged me and managed to sleep with me. 
Suddenly, my sight grew dark as I thought about something. 
“I will.” 
“Thank you, Adrian.” 
I cut the call as my mind began to think about something. I checked the contact list on my phone and dialed a number. 
When the person at the end of the line received the call, he let out a trembling voice. 
“A–Alpha.” 
I gave him the order to bring me all of the surveillance footage from that night without wasting any time. 
Alpha, it’s been almost six years. How can we manage that night’s footage? We are not sure if it is still saved.” 
I blew out the smoke of the cigarette and replied, 
“Make sure that all of the surveillance records are checked. I want all the video recordings of that night in my hands tomorrow. If you can’t make it, I will shut down your clubbing business.”
###Alpha 174
I could not sleep the whole night as the past began to replay in my mind. 
After that night, when I woke up the next morning, I found a stranger lying next to me naked under the blanket. 
I was not shocked at all. I thought it was just another girl in the club who wanted to earn money by selling her body. 
But what surprised me was that I could not recall anything. I was not even sure if I had slept with her. But there were many purple marks on her bare bac 
“Are you okay?” 
I heard Patric’s voice, which brought me back to reality from my thoughts of the past. I had no idea when he entered my office room. 
I was sitting on the couch while holding the cigarette 
between my two fingers. When I glanced at the cigarette, I found it half–burned. I was so preoccupied by the old 
memories that I forgot about it. 
“Hmm,” I replied. 
Patric walked over the couches and took the opposite seat. He looked at me. 
“They are on their way to the company.” 
As I heard him, my attention shifted to him. My brows lifted, and I asked, 
“Did they find all the records?” 
“Yeah. There are a few videos because there are so many cameras installed in various locations.‘ 
“I want every single angle.” 
“Yes, that is what they have done. They collected them and brought them here. They said the club owner himself was there with his men. But since you d noveldrama
He was talking about my other officials. I was the one who told them to go to the club and kept an eye on them while they looked for records. I did not wa 
“Adrian, what should I hope for?” Patric asked. 
I frowned, taking a deep puff of the smoke. 
“What do you mean?” 
He gave me a strange look, which I could not understand. However, his answer took me aback. 
your
“If it was Natalia who did it, then it will only burn hatred for her in your heart, which is not good for you. And if…” 
He paused as if he did not have to say anything further. I averted my gaze from him. 
“We all know she did it.” 
Patric shook his head and said, 
“Your heart suddenly does not want to believe it anymore. That’s why you are spending so much time on it. You even cancel a pack meeting where othe 
I tightened my fists, trying to calm myself. The pressure on my right fist caused the cigarette to break. I threw it on the floor and stood up. 
At that very moment, I heard a knock on the door of my cabin. 
“Come in.” 
I said it almost immediately. Patric glanced at me as if he were observing my desperate tone. 
I saw three of my officials, Benjamin, Emon, and Julian, enter the cabin. 
“Where is it?” I asked them. 
Walking over to me, Benjamin gave me a pendrive. 
I did not waste my time and hurried over to the desk. I opened my laptop, put in the pendrive, and started watching the first video. 
The moment the video started to play, my eyes darkened. 
D
###Alpha 175
I was able to recognize myself in the video. In that video, I was having a conversation with a friend. Our drinks were served, and I took a sip on mine. La 
I rewinded the video and saw the waiter adding something to my drink. I was not expecting it. 
When I tried to see who gave him the order, my eyes widened. 
It was not Natalia! 
It was another woman. I was able to get a better look at her face by zooming in. My jaw was clenched as I stared at the face of the woman that was displayed on the screen. 
I discovered that she was Natalia’s cousin. 
“Does that mean she did it and Natalia is innocent?” Benjamin asked all of a sudden, as all of them were standing next to me, to find the truth. 
I said nothing, which made him stop talking. 
There was no way that Natalia could be innocent. She might be the one who gave her cousin permission to do it. 
I continued to play a few more videos. This time, I was only interested in watching Natalia’s cousin’s activity because I no longer needed to watch mine. noveldrama
Almost ten minutes later, a girl entered the club. My gaze paused on hers. She was none other than Natalia. She was quite young at the time. 
+15 BONU 
I almost scoffed when she went to meet her cousin directly. However, what her cousin did to her shocked me. 
Natalia’s cousin slapped her. Natalia began to cry while holding her cheek. 
I clenched my jaw when I saw it. 
“What’s wrong? Why did she slap Natalia? Didn’t she do everything for her?” Patric muttered. 
I could not move my eyes from the screen for a second, nor did I blink. 
I saw how Natalia tried to hold her cousin’s hand, but that woman withdrew it away from her. Her cousin grabbed her hair and said something to her, the 
That woman pointed her in the direction of the private rooms as if telling her to go there. 
“Is she blackmailing her to sleep with you?” Julian said it in a lower tone. 
I was not getting anything about what was happening in the video. 
My mind was messed up. Things like this were not what I expected from the video. My mind was no longer focused on what the truth was. 
My blood was boiling from the thought of Natalia’s cousin physically abusing her.
How dare she? 
Natalia had never told me that any of her cousins bullied her. In fact, when she met this cousin at our wedding, she talked to her very politely, as if she w wisher. 
I saw Natalia start to walk in the direction of the private rooms. I knew where she was going. 
But I froze when I noticed she had stopped in front of the door of another room, which was not where I was.
###Alpha 176
She began to cry while holding the doorknob. She took out her phone and dialed someone, but after speaking with the person on the other end of the lin 
She threw her phone away and wiped her tears. My eyes were not moving from her broken look. Something moved inside me as I struggled to maintain 
At that time, a few men approached her. She took a step back as they stood next to the room. One of them opened the door and directed her to enter. 
From inside, a man in his fifties came out and stood at the 
door. 
I could hear gasps from beside me. 
Natalia joined her hands to the old man as if she did not want to go into the room. 
Standing outside the room, one of the men grabbed her by the neck and forced her to gulp down a bottle of wine. She pushed him and began to cough a 
Those men began to laugh while looking at her. The old man said something to the men after scanning Natalia from head to toe, then went inside the roo 
Natalia shook her head as if she had made up her mind. She turned around and started to run. 
A look of shock could be seen on the men’s faces, as if they had not anticipated that she would run. Then, they began to run behind her to catch her. 
She kept running with all of her strength until she bumped into a person. 
My eyes widen when I see her colliding with me. 
I could feel my officials turning their heads toward me. noveldrama
My heart began to pound as I was ready to see reality, to know the truth, and to learn that what I had been believing was only a lie. 
“Play the video from my angle,” I said with an angry voice. 
Theta Emon looked right away for the video, where I could see the camera recording on my side. 
He played it as soon as he discovered it. 
I leaned over, put my palms on the desk’s glass, and took a close look at the footage. 
In the video, I was accompanied by the waiter to a room, and then he came out alone. After a few minutes, I came out while holding my forehead. I was sweating, so I began to walk whil 
As I was about to walk ahead, Natalia ran into me. I looked at her when she raised her head.
She said something to me and pointed her finger somewhere. She glanced at her back and looked shocked. Then, all of a sudden, she hugged me and 
The men passed us as they thought we were another couple who were making out outside a room. 
Natalia gave them a quick glance as they left. Then she looked at me with teary eyes. 
When I lifted my hand to touch her face, those men returned to our way once again. 
Natalia was stunned and looked around to find a way to run again. However, she could find a way to escape from them. 
I asked her something, as lust was visible in my eyes. She nodded her head while glancing at those men who were coming to our side. 
I held her hand and went to the door to my room, which was close to us. 
I pulled her inside the room and then shut the door behind 
1. me. 
###Chapter 177
The moment the video was over, I shoved the laptop away from the desk and threw it on the floor.
"Adrian!"
Patric tried to hold my hand, but I yanked it away.
"How can I be so stupid? HOW?"
I growled when I felt like my heart was burning in hellfire. I could not believe Natalia was innocent and had not drugged me.
In fact, she did not even look like she had any intention to trap me.
It was all because of Natalia's cousin.
"Bring that bitch here to me. I will kill her."
I yelled at my officials, who immediately lowered their heads in submission.
I ran my fingers through my hair as I was losing all of my patience.
Natalia was innocent!
She was not the one who drugged me. Her intention was not to ensnare me in any way. Because I was under the influence of drugs, I was the one who might have been the one to initiate getting closer to her. She was only trying to save herself.
"WHY?"
I punched the glass of the desk in anger. Immediately, blood rushed out of my broken skin as my hand broke the glass.
'Calm down, Adrian.'
Patric and Benjamin held my arms tightly to stop me from destroying everything in front of me.
"Alpha, please. Control your anger. We are in our company right now," Delta Julian reminded me.
I was lost in reality. I had never thought the truth would hit me like this.
"Did you not hear what I said? Bring that bitch over here right now." I yelled at them again.
Theta Emon nodded his head and glanced at the others. "I am going to find Natalia's cousin," he said, leaving the cabin.
"Why did that woman drug you when she had no plan to send Natalia into your room?" Julian asked with confusion.
"It's simple. She wanted to sleep with Alpha but at the same time ruin the daughter of the gamma's reputation in public by sending her to an old man's room."
I tightened my fists, which caused my right hand to bleed more.
Suddenly, Natalia's words came to mind. "I thought you would kill my children."
My eyes widened. I could no longer hold my expression anymore.noveldrama
Was she telling me the truth? Was that the only reason she divorced me and ran away? Was that the reason why she had been hiding them from me? Was she just trying to protect them from me?
Patric, my best friend, aka my beta, pulled me over the couches and sat me down.
"Take it," he said, pulling a cigarette out of its packet and offering it to me.
He did that to ease my anger but all I wanted right then was a bottle of wine to remove the stress I was experiencing in my mind.
"All these times, I was hurting for nothing? I thought.
My wolf growled inside, telling me that I was wrong from the beginning. He kept telling me how I had hurt his mate without trying to find out the truth.
I got to my feet and made my way to the door.
Patric spoke out from behind.
"Where are you going? I can't take any risk by letting you go in this state."
I opened the door and replied,
"I need to talk to her."
###Alpha 178
1 left the company and got into my car. I was not surprised to see that my car was waiting for me outside. I believed Patric was the one who called my dr 
“Alpha, where to?” My driver asked. 
I could not reply. Where would I go? In Natalia’s house? Was she there? 
With a rough heartbeat, I dialed a number while trying to calm myself. 
The call connected, and a man’s voice reached my ear. 
“Alpha.” 
“Where is she right now?” I asked while looking outside the window. 
“Alpha, as you ordered us, we always kept an eye on her. She is in the Moon Lovers coffee shop right now.” 
“Moon Lovers coffee shop?” 
“Yeah. That is the place where she is currently working.” 
Why was she working in a coffee shop? Didn’t I give her my cards to use? 
“Send my driver the address,” I said and cut the call. 
In a few seconds, my driver got the address and started the car to head to that coffee shop. 
In the meantime, I checked my phone to see the balance of the cards that I had sent her through Delta Julian. 
KIS BONUS 
I was surprised that she did not use a single penny from it. 
It was then that I recalled what Julian had said about her refusal that day. He also stated that he did not take it and asked her if she could keep it even if 
I could not believe that. She did not use my money and started to live like an ordinary pack member. 
But why? 
As the passing landscape outside the window drove me crazy, I closed my eyes and leaned back against the seat. 
Memories of the past began to torment my mind. I could hear Natalia’s cries of the moments whenever I used to tell her about divorcing her. She used to 
“I don’t have anyone in my life except you. Please don’t abandon me, Adrian.” 
I clenched my jaw as I opened my eyes. I could not just calm my mind.
I still remember the day when we got married. She looked happy, as if she had been waiting for this day only. That time, I thought she planned everything and that was why she was pleased to marry me. 
“Adrian, I love you.” 
This was what she told me whenever I told her how much I despised her. noveldrama
However, she never spoke back and remained calm, like an obedient wife. It used to fuel anger inside me because I 
→ +15 BONUS 
thought she was just pretending. 
The car pulled over at a corner of a street. I glanced outside and found it was a familiar road. Then I recalled that I met Natalia the night before yesterda 
“Here is the ‘Moon Lovers‘ coffee shop, Alpha.” 
I heard my driver and saw him pointing his finger on the left side. 
I turned my head and looked at the shop. It was a one–story, small shop. The owner opened the shop there without deciding to construct a building 
I was about to open the door to get out of the car, but my hand froze when my eyes landed on the woman inside the coffee shop. I could see her clearly 
I withdrew my hand and stared at her. 
She looked happy while talking with the customers. She appeared very young, like she was a teenage girl. 
While staring at her, I let out a deep breath and muttered under my breath. 
“Natalia.” 
BIG 
SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you 
D
###Alpha 179
“Alpha, don’t you want to go inside?” 
My driver’s voice made me look away from Natalia. 
But then I could not help but glance at her once again. 
My driver lowered his head when he realized that I was not in the mood to reply to him. 
I came here all the way to talk to Natalia, but when she was in front of me, I had no words to say. 
What would I tell her? How would she react? 
As I was thinking all of these while looking at her for a long time, I heard a few voices from outside. 
“She is like a butterfly. Hard to catch.” 
“Yeah, but she is your sister–in–law. Don’t look at her like that.” 
“Senior, you can’t say that. I introduced you to Natalia.” 
“So what? Your big brother fell for her. So stop looking at her with any other intentions.” 
I frowned when I heard those voices. It was their words and Natalia’s name that caused my frown to deepen. 
A couple of boys who appeared to be college students passed by my car. 
It seemed like they were leaning on my car a few minutes ago. By looking at the black glasses in my car, they might think that there was no one inside th 
TIR BUG 
I saw them entering the coffee shop and took a table close to the counter. With a grin on his face, a boy spoke to Natalia. 
This led me to believe that he was the one who instructed his friend to refer to Natalla as his sister–in–law. 
1 tightened my fists when I saw Natalia give him a warm grin as he went to the counter to place an order. 
The walls of the coffee shop were made of glass. Since they opened all the blinds to let the sunshine enter the shop, I could see everything happening inside. 
It could not just take it and open the car door. I got out of my car and shut the door. 
I went to the shop and opened the glass door. I could hear the sound of bells ringing. It was an alarm that a customer had entered the shop. 
I ignored it and went inside. When I looked around, I noticed that the majority of the customers were students from high school and college. 
Everyone’s eyes fell on me, and I could see their scanning
eyes. 
I bet they did not know who I was. Otherwise, they would never dare look at me like that. 
My gaze roamed around the shop and stopped on the counter. 
I could not find Natalia. I glanced at a door behind the counter and assumed she went inside. 
“Excuse me, sir. Please have a seat,” a girl said, 
I looked at her apron and understood that she was an employee. 
“Call your other employee.” 
“Who, Sir? Are you looking for someone?” She asked with a blush on her face. 
“Call Natalia. I don’t have much time for inquiries.” 
I almost said that out loud. The customers at the tables closest to the counter focused their attention on me. 
“What are you doing here?” 
I heard Natalia’s voice and looked in that direction. 
My eyes paused on her the moment she came out of the door. 
She pulled her hair back into a high ponytail. Her black shirt and blue jeans gave her a really young look. 
She never failed to look youthful. 
My gaze moved to her hand, and I saw a black apron resting on her arm. Since I also noticed a wet tissue on her other hand, I assumed she had gone to 
She placed her apron on the counter, threw the tissue in the dustbin, and then wiped her hand with a small towel. 
All this time, she had a confused look on her face. She walked to me and asked in a low voice, noveldrama
“What are you doing here?” 
I almost could not tear my eyes off of her. I grabbed her hand 
and said, 
“Come with me. I need to talk to you.” 
D 
###Alpha 180
Chapter 180 Third POV Natalia immediately yanked her hand away the moment Adrian was about to pull her along with him toward the door to leave the shop. “What’s wrong with you?” she asked with a pair of frowning eyes. Adrian looked at his hand, which was in the air, when she snatched her hand out of his grip. She could not help but try to observe him. What was he doing here? 
“Natalia, I need to talk to you right now,” Adrian said, gritting his teeth. He was not angry at her but at himself. He could not just handle himself at that moment. All he wanted to do was tell her about him learning the truth. “Why you-” Natalia wanted to yell at him but then paused. She glanced around and realized that everyone was staring at her. She gave them an apologetic smile. “Guys, please enjoy your coffee.” Adrian stared at Natalia, who was smiling at others but only giving him the cold shoulder. A young boy stood up and made his way towards them. “Mr… +15 BONUS After pausing for a moment to examine Adrian from head to toe, the young boy continued before saying, “Mr. businessman, I don’t know who you are, but stop disturbing her.” Adrian frowned when he noticed it was the same boy who was talking outside his car. noveldrama
Natalia was stunned as she looked at the boy. “Evan, what are you doing? Go back to your table,” Natalia muttered to the boy. He was a regular customer at the coffee shop. “Natalia, you don’t know this type of businessman. They only like to play with young girls. Don’t worry. I will protect you,” Evan replied. Natalia almost laughed when she heard that. She glanced at Adrian, who seemed to hear everything. She pursed her lips tightly, trying to suppress her laughter. She did not want to make the situation worse by raising Adrian’s anger. She turned her attention to the other people and noticed that everyone was still staring at them. “Don’t be concerned, dear. He is one of my old friends.” To avoid arousing others’ curiosity about what was happening there, she spoke a little louder. Evan parted his lips to say something but then asked, +15 BONUS “Are you sure?” Natalia gave him an assuring smile. She was happy that he was one of the boys who came to a woman when he felt she was in danger. She patted his arm. “Yeah.” With piercing eyes, Adrian looked at Natalia’s hand as it patted Evan’s arm. His blood was only boiling with anger. “Big brother, sorry to misunderstand you. You know how beautiful she is. I was just insecure.” Natali hit his arm. “Go back.” He laughed while rubbing the back of his neck and then went back to sit on his table. His friends were giving him thumbs up as if he had won a war. Adrian glared at Evan, which he did not notice. Natalia cleared her throat to turn Adrian’s attention back to her. She had no idea Evan would say something like that. Evan was younger than her, and she thought of him like a little brother. 
Though he left love notes for her, which she always ignored, she believed Evan knew that too. Natalia could see how Adrian was giving a stern look to Evan, which made others uncomfortable. “Can you just leav-” She was interrupted when Adrian turned his dark gaze toward her. She gave him an awkward smile when she +15 BONUS realized he was the head Alpha here, and she was not in the Blue Blood Pack anymore. “Alpha, what do you want to talk to me about?” BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou you P
###Alpha 181
Her polite tone shone more rage in Adrian’s eyes. He was only mad at himself all these times. However, 
he was not at all pleased with Natalia’s casual behavior toward Evan. 
Natalia rolled her eyes when she saw him standing like a statue. 
“Excuse me, young man.” 
Natalia heard Liana’s voice, and she stepped aside. 
Liana looked at them from the counter and said, 
“Please tell me if we can help you.” 
Adrian shifted his gaze to the old woman, then turned it back to Natalia. 
“Are you coming with me or not?” 
Natalia felt that he was giving her a warning. She was not someone who would take it. 
“I told you that night. I’m just tired. What new blame are you going to throw in my face this time?” 
“Did I say I came here for that?” 
“Then why are you here? Adrian Miller, if you want me to lose my job, then just go to my boss directly and ask her to fire me. What else can I expect from you? But at least don’t destroy her running business, 
Natalia said with an angry tone. But her voice came out like whispers, which only he could hear. 
After hearing her, he looked at others who were still looking at them. 
“Can’t you all just mind your own business?” 
Natalia got mad at him. “You!” 
Adrian ignored her furious look and walked toward the counter. 
He stopped in front of Liana and asked, 
“Are you the boss of this coffee shop?” 
“Yes.” 
Adrian nodded his head and took out a card from his wallet. He placed it on the counter and put his palm
over it. 
“Your sincere employee said I was disturbing your running business. So I came here to pay for the Inconvenience.” 
“Oh, that’s not necessary.” 
“I want you to make arrangements for coffee for my company tomorrow morning. 
Liana and other employees, including Natalia, were stunned. 
Natalia could see how all the women in the coffee shop were glancing at Adrian. She was astounded by the fact that a few of the female students who w 
Natalia rubbed her forehead in annoyance. “They recognized him!‘ 
Adrian had always been popular among girls and women. 
“Well, okay. What is your company’s name? We can arrange that,” Liana said with a chuckle. 
But when Adrian’s hand moved away from his business card, her eyes widened. noveldrama
She immediately raised her head to look at Adrian and asked, 
“Al–Alpha A–Adrian?” 
Everyone in the cafe heard Liana. They were so shocked that their knees trembled in fear. 
“Alpha?” They began to whisper. 
Those girls who were recording videos posted the video on the web page immediately. 
“Yes, he is Alpha Adrian.” 
All the boys, including Evan, hurriedly got to their feet. Evan was in shock that he had just had such a conversation with the head Alpha. 
Adrian felt disturbed by the whispers and turned around to look at them. 
The moment he turned around, everyone bowed to him. 
“All hail to our head Alpha.” 
###Alpha 182
Adrián tucked his hands into his pockets and gave everyone a bored look. 
“Raise.” 
Everyone stood straight but did not dare to look into his eyes. 
“If I hear any of you whisper again, I will cut your tongue off of your mouth.” 
If it was someone else, the young people would have thought it was just a fake warning 
But it was none other than their head Alpha, Adrian Miller. 
He had a history of ruthlessness. No one could just ignore his warning. They obeyed him and sat down in their chairs quietly, turning their focus back to t 
Natalia was already dumbfounded by Adrian giving orders to Liana, but the action that the pack members took really stunned her. 
She could see both fear and respect in their eyes. 
No wonder they did not recognize Adrian at first. Just like she did, Adrian confined his scent. 
“Thank you, Alpha.” Liana said this to Adrian and bowed to him. 
“Your thanks won’t help me.” 
Liana was startled by his remarks. But then Adrian spoke again. 
“Give your employee a break today.” 
“Natalia?” 
“Hmm.” 
Liana glanced at Natalia, who was shaking her head from behind Adrian. 
Liana gulped under Adrian’s cold gaze. She could not say no to Adrian. 
She thought Natalia had already accepted that Alpha Adrian was her old friend, so he would not harm. 
her. noveldrama
“Sure,” Laiana replied with a smile. 
Natalia shut her eyes in anger. But she could not make a scene there. 
Adrian turned to her and grabbed her hand without even asking her permission. 
“Let’s go.”
Natalia could see a few girls clicking their pictures. Adrian did not care about it, and Natalia had no time to tell them not to upload it anywhere. 
“Alpha, where are you inquired as she struggled to free her hand from his grasp. 
taking me?” 1 
When they got outside the shop, Adrian started pulling her somewhere. 
He did not listen to her and brought her to his car. 
He opened the back door and said, 
“Get inside.” 
“What?” she asked with a perplexed look. 
“Don’t force me. I just want to talk to you, nothing else.” 
She stared at him without moving. She could see his eyes were changing as it was turning from dark to cloudy. 
She wondered what had happened to make him this restless. He could not be so excited to humiliate her, could he? 
She shook her head in worry and got inside the car as she thought, 
‘Is there anything about Noah and Aria?” 
Adrian got inside the car and sat next to her. The driver glanced at him through the rearview mirror. He was afraid to let out a question. 
“To the Dalle River.” 
The driver started the car right away after hearing Adrian. 
Natalia slowly turned her head to face Adrian. 
“Dalle River? Why are you taking me there?” 
Adrian looked at her without replying. She felt annoyed by his silence. 
She could not understand why he was behaving like this today. Two days ago, he did not even want to see her face, but today, he came to her workplace 
“Hold on,” she muttered as she frowned at him, then asked, 
“Are you planning on pushing me into the river?” 
CLIENT
###Alpha 183
Natália’s POV 
“Hey! Stop the car.” 
“Can’t you hear me? I said stop the car.” 
I kept telling the driver to stop the car, but that man was just like his boss. He did not listen to me as if he were deaf. 
I could not believe the man who was sitting beside me. He was a dangerous beast who could kill me at any time. 
Did he plan to kill me so that he could have my children all by himself? 
Was he afraid of his life because I said that night that I wanted to kill him daily? 
I was so lost in my thoughts when I heard his voice, which was soft as honey. 
“Why do you think that I want to kill you?” 
I was shocked. 
“What the hell! Can Alpha Adrian even talk with that tone?‘ I thought. 
As I turned my head to look at him once again, I noticed that he was staring at me. 
“What are you looking at? Can’t you see I am worried about your plans? Why do you want to kill me? To have my children all alone? You can’t kill me, Adrian Miller. I will kill you before that.” 
I scoffed at his silence, but my eyes fell on the front seat. 
The driver almost touched his waistband to take out the gun when he heard me saying to his Alpha that I 
would kill him. 
I wanted to growl at the driver. But before I could do that, Adrian’s deep voice came out of his mouth as a 
warning. 
“Keep driving.” 
His driver glanced at the rearview mirror, nodded his head, and then moved his hand away from his gun.
I could not believe that everyone in this pack reserved a gun for themselves. 
“Don’t worry. I did not order him to shoot you. He is the driver of the head Alpha, so he should have a gun for protection purposes.” 
I heard Adrian’s voice beside me. 
Did I think that too loud? How did he read my mind? 
ime. I was 
I decided to keep quiet. What could he do to me? I had my own wolf ready to attack him at any time. I was not skilled at fighting like him, but at least I could fight back and give him wounds to hurt him. 
“I wish I could kill him that night in the war,” I muttered in a low tone. 
“You hate me, don’t you?” he asked. 
“Of course. 
“How much?” 
With my head turned, I glanced at him. His demeanor softened. I could see something in his eyes that I could not read. 
I did not want to waste my time reading it either. 
“More than I love my children,” I replied with a cold tone.. 
He appeared to be shocked. His expression turned into a dark one. He did not expect me to say that. 
I knew what he would ask me now. He would ask why I hated him so much, and it should be him who was supposed to hate me and all. 
However, his next words interrupted my thoughts. 
“You should not forget who I am.” 
I scoffed at him. “Yes, Alpha. I know you are my head Alpha. And…” I paused and looked into his eyes with a cold expression. 
“My children’s father and… my ex–husband.” 
Suddenly, he leaned over me and said, 
“One thing you forget to count. I am still your mate.noveldrama
D
###Alpha 184
I stared at him when I heard him. 
Mate? Yeah, he was right. He was still my mate. How could I forget my misfortune? My ill–fated life would never stop to amaze me. 
I lifted my hand and pushed him lightly to move back. 
“And my soon–to–be ex–mate,” I muttered to him. 
His brows lifted as if he were stunned by my words. It seemed like nowadays I stunned him a lot. 
I could see darkness spreading around his eyes, and soon, they captured them totally, giving him a 
fierce look. 
I turned away. 
from him and looked ahead. I saw that the car was heading in an unknown direction. 
I had never gone to the Dalle River before when I was in this pack. 
My adoptive parents never let me go anywhere far. They were abusive, and at the same time, they liked to cage me in their house. 
“Never dare to think that again.” 
I heard a murmur coming from beside me. I turned my head, focusing my attention back on the powerful man sitting next to me. 
His eyes were cold. His gaze was fixed on the back of the driver’s seat, as if his eyes were going to pierce through it. 
I wondered if he said those words to me or to the driver. Did his driver try to do something that I could. not notice? Because he would never talk about th 
“I know how you feel for me,” I said, looking at him. 
As if my words had frozen him, he paused, moving his eyes. Then he slowly turned his head toward me. 
Confusion was clearly visible in his eyes, asking me what I knew. 
“I know you hate me, and believe me, Adrian. Our feelings are mutual.” 
His brows furrowed, and his jaw clenched as though he did not like what I had just said. 
I scoffed in my head. 
This man is so arrogant! After what he had been doing to me, he still wanted the hate to be one– sided? Only he can hate me, and I can’t? Everything will go according to his wish? He must be dreaming,‘ I thought. 
Adrian averted his gaze from me and replied,noveldrama
“Don’t think too much. I didn’t mean to talk about this when I said I needed to talk.” 
I was tired of him keeping telling me he needed to talk to me. 
“Then talk? I am waiting, Alpha. What moment are you waiting for?” I gritted my teeth and asked, 
After giving me a slight nod, he looked directly into my eyes. “You seem to be enjoying your job very 
much.” 
I was taken aback. Where did it come from? Didn’t he want to talk about my children? 
“Yes, I am enjoying it very much.” 
“I saw it today,” he muttered, giving me a disapproving look. 
I could not understand what this man wanted. Now, did he want me to lose this job, too? He and his evil eye would never let me stay happy. 
The car turned silent when I chose not to speak back. I focused my attention on the road, and he also remained quiet. 
After, like, half an hour, the car came to a stop. It was a large bridge that crossed the river, and I could see that there was no one there. 
I shifted my attention to Adrian and inquired, 
“Now we have come here, Alpha. Tell me, what do you want to talk about?” 
He stared at me for a while, as if he were confused about where to start the conversation. 
I had never seen him this perplexed in my whole life. 
When he suddenly spoke up, I was taken aback by the words that he said. 
“Natalia, I found out the truth. You were not the one who drugged me that night.” 
###Alpha 185
I blinked my eyes when I felt something pierce in my eyes. I looked away from Adrian and thought about the meaning of his sentences. 
‘Learned the truth? I was not the one?‘ I thought. 
“Natali-” 
I interrupted him with a cold gaze. “What do you mean? 
He did not mind my gaze, and I replied with a calm tone. 
“I took out all of the footage from that night and discovered the truth.” 
I stared at him for what seemed like an eternity. He appeared strange today. He was calmer than he had ever been around me. There was a strange attit 
I chuckled and turned my gaze away from him. My chuckle turned into laughter. 
I held my stomach and could not stop laughing like a crazy woman. 
I was not laughing at him but at my own fate. 
“What’s wrong with you?” he asked. 
I looked at him and stopped laughing. I shook my head and said, 
“Adrian Miller, you can never trust me, right?” 
His brows were lifted by my question. To make things more clear to him, I said, 
“When I have been telling you that I didn’t drug you, you never believed me. But when I got tired of your fake accusations and admitted a lie, you still didn’t believe me. It looks like I am the most untrus 
He seemed to be caught off guard. Instead of replying to my remarks, he asked, 
“Why didn’t you tell me that your cousin used to abuse you?” 
My eyes darkened as all the emotions washed away from them. 
“I think it has nothing to do with you.” 
I opened the door and got out of the car. I did not want to talk to him or give him any justification about why I didn’t tell him this and that. 
When I looked out at the view that was in front of me, I was completely taken aback. 
The stunning river, which was an emerald color, appeared to be absolutely breathtaking. 
It was impossible for me to resist the urge to make my way towards the railing of the bridge. From there, I could see the purity of the river.
Even though the sun was shrouded in clouds, the water in it was crystal clear and looked sparkly in the sunlight. 
“So beautiful!” I said this while looking at the river. 
I felt someone moving in my direction, and it did not make me think for a second before I realized it was Adrian. 
I did not turn to him, ignoring him as if he were invisible to me. 
The time had already passed when I wanted him to learn the truth; now everything had changed. It no longer inattered to me. 
Adrian stood next to me. I could sense his gaze on me. 
I closed my eyes when I felt his scent disturbing me because my wolf was so stupid that she wanted to get close to him. She did not react like that when I was in the car with him. Then why now? 
I took a deep breath and turned to the other side. I looked around the bridge to see if I could get a lift 
from here. 
At that moment, I heard Adrian’s soft voice reach my ears. noveldrama
“You did 
put me in a trap by drugging me. But then why did you agree to marry me?” 
###Alpha 186
I froze when he asked me the question. He wanted to know why I agreed to marry him? 
‘It’s because I loved you a lot. But you kicked on my love every single day, Adrian Miller,‘ I said in my head but not let it out of my mouth. 
My eyes paused on the other side of the bridge, where I could see a clean sky; clouds were moving, just like the emotions in my heart. 
The memories of the past reflected in my mind, and I thought about the night once again. 
That night, my cousin, who always used to bully me, called me to the club and told me to sleep with a man. I begged her not to do that, but she said if I d 
in full clothes. 
I tried to contact my adoptive parents, but my adoptive mother said she did not want to know the things between cousins, as if selling my body was nothi 
I could not believe that my cousin sold me to an old man. I was more afraid than ever. I was a young girl who was a virgin and, at the same time, a werewolf who did not have a wolf. 
I had no power to defend myself. noveldrama
I was already living my life in hell, but I did not want to lose my purity to another man by selling my 
body. 
I tried to run from my cousin’s men and bumped into someone. But the moment I raised my head, I could not help but gasp. I was so happy at that time. 
I met Adrian! 
Adrian Miller! 
That was the only thing that repeated itself in my mind. 
Heur 
He was the man who was always in my dreams and who I always loved. No one knew the secret of my heart. I had been in love with him since my childh 
Who thought I would meet him in that way? 
When I saw those men come our way, I hugged Adrian and turned him around so that those men would 
not see us. 
I could feel his hands wrapped around me and almost moving on my body. 
I had no idea what got over him. He looked drunk. He lifted his hand to touch my cheek.
“Listen, they are after me. I don’t want your life to be dangerous for mine. So please leave,” I told him with tears in my eyes. 
Though I was on the edge of losing everything, I was only thinking about him. 
He smirked at me and said, “What if I can save you tonight? Will you give yourself to me?” 
I was shocked when I heard him say that. I glanced behind him and noticed those men coming our way. 
I loved Adrian, and I felt it would be best if I gave myself to him instead of selling my body to another 
man. 
I knew there was no match between us. I didn’t even know what the future held for me after that night. 
But still, I wanted to be with him, just for a night. 
When I nodded at him in agreement, he looked amazed as he grabbed my hand and rushed toward the door close to us. 
We entered the room, and everything turned dark inside. 
He was He was drunk, but I was in my right mind. Since I was a virgin, I felt pain from his rough moves. 
However, I let him do whatever he wanted to do to me, believing that I was the luckiest person because I was giving myself to the man I loved. 
I loved him so much that I could do anything for him and dedicate my life to him. 
###Alpha 187
“Natalia?” 
I heard Adrian calling me again. His voice brought me back to the present. 
I closed my eyes and shut my wolf inside. When I opened my eyes, my eyes were blank. I believed no one could find a glimmer of emotion inside them. 
I turned around and looked at Adrian. He took a few steps to stand up in front of me. He appeared to be towering over me because of his height. He bloc 
“Why did you marry me? You had the option to reject the marriage. You could have told others the truth. You could have told your parents that I was drun 
“You didn’t force me.” I cut him off. 
He was shocked. “I didn’t?” 
“No. What happened that night was something we should not have done. And I know I should have said no to this marriage.” 
He remained silent. His eyes were moving over my face. I did not move mine and kept staring straight into his eyes. 
“Why did you agree to sleep with me?” 
I did not want this man to know the reason. That was just my past, which I did not want to recall 
anymore. 
The biggest fact was that he did not deserve to know the truth. 
So I sighed and lowered my head. 
“Don’t you think sleeping with a young man is a better option than sleeping with an old man?” 
“What do you mean? So you would have slept with any young man who happened to cross your path that night?” 
ves, 
of course.” 
I saw him tighten his fists as if he were controlling his anger. 
I raised my head and grinned at him. 
“Alpha, you are not a special person. Don’t be proud of anything.” 
As if my words enraged him, he grabbed my arms and said, 
“I came here to talk to you nicely. Why are you making me furious?”
“Talk to me nicely? Okay, let’s talk nicely then,” I said, removing his grips from my arms. 
1 walked to the other side of the bridge and stood there. I noticed Adrian trailing over me. 
“What’s so important to talk about? It’s good that now you know the truth. I can feel relieved that one accusation has left my forehead.” 
He did not respond to me and stared at the river. 
I glanced at him, 
This man had not changed a little bit. I thought about the days when I was dying to meet him and he did not come back home for many days. 
“How cruelly you treated me, Adrian.‘ I thought. 
He turned his head towards me, and I looked away from his face almost immediately. 
“All these times, I have misunderstood you. I should have figured out the truth the next day.” 
I scoffed at his words without looking at him. “Yeah, of course. It can save three lives. Me, my ex- husband, and his childhood sweetheart.” 
Adrian’s fingers caught my attention when I noticed him clenching them around the railing. 
Did I lie? noveldrama
What was wrong with his reaction? 
I shrugged my shoulders when I realized I had been spending time with this cruel man without any reason. I should stay away from him. 
I was about to say that I was leaving, but I froze when I heard him. 
“I am sorry, Natalia.” 
###Alpha 188
I was shocked. My head slowly turned toward him as looked at his face. 
He was a man who did not like to apologize to anyone, not even to his parents. 
So hearing sorry from him was actually a big deal. 
However, what was he sorry about? 
“For what?” I asked. 
 
He looked at me with a calm expression, as if it were the only thing he could do right now, controlling his emotion from showing on his face. 
“For misunderstanding you.” 
1 averted my gaze away from him. “Adrian, how many things can you be sorry for? Can you give my eight years back to me?” 
He was silent. I wondered if he still regarded me as a criminal for marrying him. 
I heaved a sigh and looked directly into his eyes. 
“Actually, I am sorry. I should not have agreed to marry you in the first place. I was childish who…” 
I paused when I realized I had begun to speak about my past. 
“Who what?” he asked. 
I was able to sense the desperation in his voice. 
I shook my head. “Nothing. I was young and made some wrong decisions.” 
Suddenly, I felt that I was also the culprit. I did not know that he was in love with someone else. If I had known, I would not have considered marrying him 
“You didn’t tell me that you have another woman in your life. If you had, I would never have ruined your life like that.” 
His expression changed after hearing me. Between his brows, a frown began to form. 
He took a step closer to me and said, 
“But after a while in the marriage, you found out about that. You never said these things at that time.” 
I raised my eyebrows because I was puzzled by his query. ‘What is the point now?” 
My eyes fixed on his face, which was kind of furious. However, I did not care about his mood anymore. 
The truth was that I hated this man from the bottom of my heart. There would be no time when the hatred would stop or be removed from my chest.
The pain he caused me all these years would never leave my heart, not in this life. 
“You used to say that you loved me,” he said, digging his eyes into mine. 
My eyes widened. His question made me awkward as diverted my gaze from him. noveldrama
I tried to take a step back, but he grabbed my waist and pulled me closer to him. 
I was stunned by his action. 
I recalled all the moments between us after meeting him for five years. He tried to get close to me a few times. I hurt him a few times, too. 
Why did he not just let me live my life peacefully? 
“I know you loved me. You still love me, and you will always do so. You can’t fake your feelings.” 
His words shuddered inside me. All the memories of the past reflected on my mind in just a blink of my 
eyes. 
The world seemed to stop around us. 
I got back to my senses when I found him leaning down with his head close to my face. 
immediately pushed him in anger and replied, 
“You are right. I loved you. So much love that no other woman will be able to do that.” 
I saw a slight change in his eyes. I could not help but speak up again. 
“But don’t let yourself be fooled into thinking that I still love you. My heart has changed, and there is no longer anyone named Adrian in it.” 
P
###Alpha 189
Adrian’s POV 
I froze when she said that. There were no other things that hit me, like the way she said I was not in her 
heart anymore. 
I clenched my jaw in anger. 
How could she say that? 
If she claimed that she used to love me, then how did she forget the love? Why did her heart change? 
Her eyes were filled with animosity. It made me feel a pang in my heart. 
Why was I feeling like that? 
“Take your sorry back to you and let me live my life. I am tired of you. How many times do you want me to tell you that?” she asked, grabbing her forehea 
I did not say anything, and I let her say whatever was on her mind. 
“I am trying to stay calm with you. Can’t you see that? After fighting with me in the war, do you still believe that I am like this? I am controlling my anger to 
My gaze did not move from her face for a second. Her words cut deep into my heart. 
She did not even stutter before mentioning killing me. 
She hated me more than she used to love me. I could not just accept 
that. 
“Adrian, let’s make a deal, okay?” 
“What deal?” I asked, frowning at her. 
She thought for a second before saying, 
“I know I can’t give erstanding me, please give my 
children the life you can give them. But if you are a little bit sorry for how you behaved all those years by children back to me.” 
I was unable to believe what she was saying. 
“After keeping my children from me for almost six years, you still want to ask for them?” 
She looked startled by my question. Did she think that I would hurt her? 
Did I make her scared of me?
I scoffed in my head, thinking that this woman was the only woman in the world who was not afraid of 
ΠΕ. 
“How can you be so cruel, Adrian? I am their mother.” 
“And I am their father.” 
She took a deep breath and nodded her head as if something were going on in her mind. 
“Okay, raise them like royals. They deserve everything you have. I won’t interfere in their matters. But 
13 
“But what?” 
“Don’t force my children to call another woman their mother.” 
I raised a brow and asked, “How do you know about it?” 
She appeared to be stunned. It seemed like she did not think before speaking. 
She turned away from me to avert her gaze. 
“I don’t need to know it from anywhere. I know you really well.” noveldrama
She learned about Lynda taking care of Aria and Noah. That was why she was talking like this 
“I will take ca-” 
I got interrupted when my driver got out of the car and rushed toward us while holding a bag. It dawned on me that it was Natalia’s purse. 
My driver handed the bag to Natalia and said, 
“Miss, your phone has been ringing for quite some time.” 
###Alpha 190
The driver walked back to the car after handing the bag to Natalia. She took her phone out of her bag and looked at the screen. 
I had no idea who the hell had been bugging us during our conversations. 
I peeked at the phone screen and saw a nameless contact number. She also did not know who had called 
her. 
“Hello?” 
Her face lit up with a smile, as though someone was speaking to her on the other end of the phone. 
“Max!” 
Max? Who the hell was Max? 
I frowned while looking at her smiling face, which was gloomy a few seconds ago. 
Who had the charm to change her mood in just a few seconds? 
“After that night, I thought you would never contact me again.” 
I clenched my fists upon hearing her words. 
That night? Which night? Did she dare to spend a night with another man? 
So many questions roamed around my mind as I stared at her. 
“I am sorry for what I did. After sending you to the hotel, I realized that I should not have put my phone number in your pocket. It was kind of offensive, wasn’t it? Please 
I was stunned. I could not believe she was so interested in another man that she threw herself at him. 
What about her interest in Eric? Didn’t she almost get married to that man? 
I was confused by everything. I could not understand this woman. Every time I thought she was at fault, somehow she came out innocent. So, at this tim 
“Yeah, yeah. All thanks to Alpha Adrian, who helped you that night,” Natalia muttered, glancing at me. 
While speaking with the person, it seemed as though she nearly forgot that I was in front of her. 
Upon hearing her words, I realized that Doctor Max Harrison was the one she was talking with. 
I remembered that Doctor Max asked her to assist him in getting back to the hotel. The way they were leaning against each other in my tar was something I had not forgotten yet.
I looked away from Natalia when that night’s memories hit me. 
How did the healer get so close to Natalia? When and why? 
“I am currently on the bridge over the Dalle River.” 
I returned my gaze to her. She smiled sweetly while talking with that man. Her smile reached her eyes, causing my heart to clench inside. 
She did not smile like that while talking to me. 
Suddenly, anger rose in my heart towards Doctor Max 
is very i 
He was a healer who for every pack. So it was a good thing that he was currently in my pack. However, why was he after Natalia? What was the reason 
I could not help but think about so many things at once. 
Natalia’s delicate face was something that caught my attention: I stared at her. I was not with her for all of these years. I wondered how she spent her life 
Did she miss me? 
I had been searching for her like a crazy man to punish her for leaving me. noveldrama
Her voice brought me back to reality when I heard her say, 
“Yes, sure. Please pick me up from the Dalle River. I’ll wait for you.” 
D
###Alpha 191
I looked at her with a frown. “What did you just say?” asked her. 
She looked at me briefly before continuing to speak with Max. 
“It’s okay. You can take your time. I will be here until you arrive.” 
The way she ignored me raised my wrath. I glared at her. She kept eye contact with me while speaking to 
Max. 
“Bye, Max. 
After hanging up her phone and putting it back in her bag, she gave me a questioning look. noveldrama
“What?” she asked, as if nothing had happened. 
“What were you telling him?” 
“To pick me up from here.” 
I grabbed her arm and asked, 
“Did I take a leave for you from your job so that you could spend your time with another man? 
She appeared to be taken aback. But then she composed herself and replied, 
“Why did you take a leave? Was I the one who told you to take it?” 
“I don’t care. You can’t give your time to someone else.” 
“What? Have you lost your mind?” 
She yanked her arm away from my grip and stepped away from me. 
She seemed to be distancing herself from me. I did not like it. 
“You can never be changed, Adrian Miller. Just a few minutes ago, you said sorry, and now- ” 
“Now what? Saying sorry doesn’t mean I give you permission to roam around with other men in my pack.” 
Her eyes grew wide. “What did you say? Other men?” 
“What have you got to do with Max Harrison? How do you know him?” 
I had no idea what I was saying or asking, but I did not want her to go away from here right now. 
“You should not be concerned about it. Have you forgotten what you said to my dad after the war?”
I was perplexed by her question. “What did I say?” 
“That you are setting me free, and you would never come for me again. So it is time to prove that you are a man of words. Let me live my life and enjoy y 
My blood began to boil. Why did she speak as if it were a farewell? 
I scolded myself for telling those things to his father out of anger. I did not expect it to come back to me 
in this way. 
As we both were jumbling in our questions, an expensive car rushed in our direction and stopped right next to Natalia. 
A man in a suit stepped out of the car. He had a calm demeanor that could lead others to believe he was an introvert. 
Natalia’s face brightened up as she looked at the man. 
I looked at the man with furious eyes and muttered under my breath in a fit of rage. 
“Max Harrison.” 
Max’s attention turned to me, and he gave me a nod in greeting. 
He did not bow because he was not one of my pack members. He came over to me and held out his hand. 
“Alpha Adrian, good to see you again.” 
D
###Alpha 192
I shook hands with Doctor Max and said, “I see, you are having a good time in my pack.” 
He appeared to be a little stunned by my question. I released my grip on his hand and turned my attention to Natalia. 
“How did you come to know her?” noveldrama
Max cast a quick glance in the direction of Natalia, who was looking at him. First, he smiled at her, and then he turned his attention back to me. 
“We are friends.” 
“Friends?” I asked, frowning at his words. 
How did they come to be friends with each other? Max’s pack and the Blue Moon pack were not the same. 
Was it because he went there that they were able to cross paths and become friends? 
The fact that Natalia helped my father with Max’s cure came to mind immediately. Max’s pack had an alliance with Natalia’s pack, but due to the end of t 
“I am honored to have the opportunity to meet you, Alpha Adrian. I sincerely apologize. That night, I was not in my right mind, and I could not greet you w 
Max’s voice was cordial, but he did not overlook the importance of showing respect through it. 
I looked away f 
from him and gave him a nod. I almost forgot that I’was a head Alpha who was talking with a healer from another pack. I could not lose my temper with h 
“Max, thanks for coming,” Natalia spoke out with a soft tone. 
As my eyes became darker, I slowly turned my head to look at her. 
Why was she talking like that to him? Where was the woman who had been speaking to me chilly manner a short while ago? 
such a 
Max shook his head as if telling her that it did not matter. 
“I was thinking of going to-” 
I interrupted Natalia and asked Max, 
“How is everything going on in your pack?” 
After refocusing his attention onthe, Max responded by saying, 
“Everything is fine. I came here for a personal reason. 
My brow lifted in curiosity. “What reason?”
“I had been looking for someone but lost track of her. 
Max paused and glanced at Natalia, then continued, “But I found that person in your pack. So I’m going to stay here for a while. I am aware that Alpha A 
I tightened my fists as I understood what he meant. I glared at Natalia when I saw her blushing. 
How could she react like that to another man? It was getting hard for me to control my calm posture. 
I just wanted to growl at Max and tell him, 
‘She is my mate, so stay away from her.” 
I could feel that my wolf did not like it as well. He wanted to take over and pull his mate closer to him. He did not even like the smell of another male wolf 
Natalia cleared her throat and said, 
“Max, let’s go. I have so many things to tell you.” 
Max walked to his car, which was close to us. He opened the passenger door and gestured his hand towards her. 
“Please.” 
Natalia took one last look at me before getting inside Max’s car. 
Max nodded his head at me and moved to the driver’s seat. He did not even ask my permission before agreeing to leave. 
Standing under the open sky, which was slowly turning dark, I saw Natalia leaving with another man.
###Alpha 193
“Adrian, are you listening to me?” 
Patric kept talking to me, but my mind was somewhere else. 
We were in the car and heading to the pack house. I called Patric on the way here because I needed to talk to him about something. 
“Adrian.” Patric called out my name again. 
As I removed a cigarette from the packet, I muttered, “I am all ears.” 
Then I put the cigarette in my mouth to light it. 
Reaching for the cigarette and lighting it with his lighter for me, Patric said, “No, you don’t.” 
The way his silver–colored lighter ignited the flame made me feel as though I was experiencing the same thing on a deeper level in my chest. 
Before I found out the truth, I was fine, but now I could not seem to accept anything. noveldrama
It seemed as though everything had changed all of a sudden. 
My thoughts kept going back to the way Natalia was responding to another man. 
Why did she not try to distance herself from Max in the same way that she did with me? 
And that healer! He dared to flirt with her in front of me. Did he even have a clue about who she was? 
Though she was my ex– wife, there was still a connection between us, and that was our mate bond. The woman who belonged to me could not be with another man. 
“If you had the intention of ignoring me, I don’t know why you even bothered to call me to come see you. 
I turned my head toward Patric. “What were we talking about?” 
There was a look of defeat on Patric’s face as he sighed and shook his head. “I can’t just be with you, Alpha.” 
“So, are you planning to resign from your position?” 
His eyes widened in surprise. But then he noticed my smirk and calmed down a little. 
Was I really that terrifying? Even my best friend could not take my words as a joke. Did he think I would really fire him from my beta’s position? 
“Let’s talk about what you are thinking right now, Adrian. Did you talk to Natalia? What did she say?” Patric asked with a curious tone. 
I looked outside the window, recalling her clear words 
“She said she doesn’t love me anymore.” 
“Wait, where did love come from? You know that she has moved on. It doesn’t matter anymore. Did you say sorry to her?” 
“I did.” 
I took a puff of the smoke and blew it out of my mouth. My mind was filled with a single name, almost 
like a chant. 
‘Natalia‘ 
“Bro, can you just be clear about what you want? You are aware that you love her, but you continue to ignore it. Now that everything is clear to you, what 
I closed my eyes and leaned back against the seat. He was right. Because I was not an ordinary man but rather a head Alpha, I would have to consider 
But I could not just let go of what I wanted. I would have to do something about it. 
“Patric, make an announcement tomorrow morning.” 
“What announcement?” I heard his confused tone, eager to learn what was going on in my mind. 
I opened my eyes and looked at the dark sky. It was similar to my mood. I took a deep puff of the smoke) and replied, 
“Make an announcement to the whole pack that Alpha Adrian has broken up with his girlfriend Lynda. They are no longer together.“2 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou y
###Alpha 194
Patric did not say anything for a while, as if he were in a daze. When I raised an eyebrow at him, he gave me a puzzled expression. 
“Are you sure, Adrian?” 
I averted my gaze from him and returned my attention to the dark sky. The smoke that I inhaled deeply blew out of my nose because of my closed mouth 
“Hmm. 
1 kept my gaze fixed on the moon. It appeared to be moving alongside the car. 
“Hello?” I heard Patric’s relaxed voice. 
He had arranged for someone to handle the announcement. It would be announced on social media so that all pack members were aware of it. 
“Spread the news that Alpha is no longer in any relationship. He is single right now.” 
I turned my head towards Patric. He winked at me, indicating that he was pleased with my decision. 
I rolled my eyes. What was his problem with Lynda? 
That woman was completely innocent. Who could have a problem with her? 
After speaking with another man on the phone, Patric turned to me and said, 
“Done. Our men will deal with it. Tomorrow morning, everyone will get to know about your breakup. Perhaps this would also be noticed by the person you 
I gave him a long look. He knew me really well. People spoke the truth. Betas were indeed Alphas‘ closest friends. They not only named their lives after t 
Patric had always been there for me in all situations over the years. I was lucky to have a beta and friend 
like him. 
“Adrian, do you have any other things to discuss?” he asked me. 
I gave it some thought and then nodded my head. The cigarette that I was holding had already burned completely and reached its end point. I took the last puff of the smoke. 
Patrie handed me an ashtray that was in my car since most of the time like to smoke. 
1 smashed the cigarette butt on the ashtray and said, 
“Manage a perfect villa for Lynda outside the pack. It should be worth more than five million.” 
Patric’s brow furrowed in surprise, but he gave me a nod and quickly started tapping on his phone, looking for the property. 
“Help her get there, shift, and let her live there as a graceful woman until 
finds someone in her life.” 
“Is that all?” 
“No.” 
Patric glanced at me with a curious look. 
“I want to give her five percent of my pack company. She can’t join the company but she can get profit every month.” 
“Adrian, do you know what you are saying?” noveldrama
I did not respond to his question. I was not concerned about money or property. 
The woman who saved my life should get a better life and compensation. 
The car arrived at the pack house area and came to a stop outside of it. 
The driver stepped out of the car to open the door for me. 
I got out of the car and went inside the pack house with Patric. 
But as soon as I stepped inside, I heard sounds of crying. 
I froze when I saw Lynda crying on the couch, leaning her head on my mother’s shoulder. 
When she noticed me, she got to her feet. 
“What happened?” I asked her. 
She rushed towards me and hugged me tightly. 
“Adrian, I remembered everything.” 
I could not understand her words at first. But then she spoke out again.
###Alpha 195
I was taken aback by Lynda’s confession. She was unaware of the truth because she told me she had no 
memories of it. 
So it surprised me to hear about the past directly from her. 
“Adrian, what is she saying? Is she the girl who rescued you many years ago?” My mother questioned me. Tears were forming inside her eyes. 
I could see that, as a mother, she was grateful to the person who had saved her child’s life. 
Lynda pulled away from the hug and looked at me. “Adrian, I recall everything that happened that night. 
” 
“What did you remember?” I asked her, thinking about the night. 
Lynda took a step back as if the night was slowly reflecting in her mind. She averted her gaze from me and lowered her head before saying, 
“I was quite young at the time. I saved you and later…” 
She paused, leaving me wondering if there was anything else I needed to know. 
“Later what?” Patric, who was standing next to me, asked her. noveldrama
Lynda took a deep breath and raised her head. Her teary eyes met mine. 
“Those men assaulted me and broke my bones. I… I was in the hospital for a month to recover my health. 
My brows lifted in shock. 
She was in the hospital! 
Those men broke her bones! Because she had helped me? 
Anger rose up in my mind. I could still remember how she helped me escape those men. Those men burned her hand, but it did not stop her from helpin standing like a statue in front 
of me. 
I was feeling terrible for Lynda. 
At that time, my father spoke out, 
“Why don’t we look into what she is saying? 
I directed my gaze at him. He was also sitting on the couch.
“Dad, she is not lying. “I knew it from the start.” 
His eyes grew wider. “Was this the reason you chose-” 
“Dad, it’s not time to talk about it.” 
He looked away from me and nodded his head. “Still, we should initiate this matter.” 
Lynda approached me and held my hand. “I am not lying. You recognized me, Adrian.” 
I gave her an assuring nod. 
But Patric spoke from right next to me. 
“He knows it. But since Alpha Lucas wants proof-” 
Lynda appeared to be stunned. “Proof? How can I give him the proof? Is my scar not enough to see the truth?“! 
She said that while pointing her finger at the scar on her right hand. 
“Anyone can get a scar like this.” My father said. 
“Dad!” 
My voice came out as a warning. I did not want Lynda to be humiliated in any way. 
“Call our pack doctor and inquire whether anyone named Lynda was admitted to the pack hospital that day. If there were any, then send us all the inform 
I glanced at the scar and thought that he was right about getting a scar. Natalia’s scar suddenly came to my mind, and I shut my eyes. 
That woman could not just leave my mind for a second. Even in this situation, I kept thinking about her 
“I–If your dad wants…” My mother said but paused by my stern look. 
Patric put his hand on my 
shoulder. “Adrian.” 
I sighed and turned my head towards him. 
I glanced at Lynda’s perplexed look and replied to Patric, 
“Call Doctor Harold.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou 
you 
###Alpha 196
Natalia’s POV 
I kept my eyes fixed on Max while he drove. But my thoughts were elsewhere at the time. 
“Where are you lost? 
he asked. 
Almost instantly, I turned my gaze away from him. “Nowhere.” 
I closed my eyes as I leaned back against the seat. My thoughts kept going back to the apology that Adrian–had made. 
Regarding the two years that I had spent with him, I could not help but laugh at myself. 
I did not do anything he disliked. Like a doll, whenever he returned home, I used to serve him. He never came back home early so that he did not have t 
How could apologizing make me feel better? 
I would never be able to forgive him. 
It was beyond my ability. 
“Natalia.” 
I opened my eyes and turned to Max. 
“Thanky 
you, Max. I am blessed to have a friend like you. You are ready to help my brother. I can’t be more grateful to anyone than you.” 
When he picked me up from the bridge an hour ago, be took me to a restaurant so that we could have a 
conversation. 
I convinced him to help my brother, and he agreed. I told him that I had nothing to give him, and he said. he would not ask for anything that I could not g 
“As a healer, that is my responsibility. However, I can not guarantee you anything until I see Alpha.” 
“I know. But I believe you can help me. In fact, Harold also said that.” 
His expression seemed perplexed. “Harold?” 
“Oh, yeah. I didn’t tell you about him. He is the head doctor of this pack. He is my close friend too.” 
“Close friend… I see,” Max muttered.
I was quiet for some time. Did he think that I was comparing him with another doctor? Or is he feeling bad that I was talking about another doctor when he was the best 
“How is your life going?” 
I returned my attention to him. “Fine. As you can see, I am working at the ‘Moon Lovers‘ coffee shop.” 
I noticed a change in his eyes. I did not know why. 
“Why are you working in that coffee shop? You have the potential to work in the medical field.” 
I smiled while lowering my head. How could I tell him I had tried? I tried a lot, but no doctor hired me because their head Alpha forbade them. noveldrama
“Natalia, what is so special about it that you want to work there?” 
His question made me think of the coffee shop’s owner, Liana. 
“The owner of the shop is an amazing person. “She adores me like a daughter.” 
He gave me a slight nod, but he looked like he was not pleased with me working in a coffee shop. 
Suddenly, I thought of something. I had been wanting to ask him this question for two days. 
“Max, you told me that day that you had been searching for me.” 
Suddenly, he pressed on the brake, and my body jerked at the abrupt stop of the car. 
I was stunned. He looked shocked, too. He turned to me and asked, 
“Did I
###Alpha 197
“Yeah, but why did you suddenly stop the car?” 
He remained silent, choosing not to reply. His eyes were fixed on mine. I averted my gaze when I realized he had been staring at me for quite some time 
“M–Max, wha-” 
He grabbed my hand out of nowhere, causing me to pause. 
“Yes, you are right. I was looking for you. But you were not in your pack.” 
I slowly looked at him. “What made you search for me?” 
He looked at his hand, which was holding his mine. I felt a tickling sensation on the back of When I looked down at my hand, I saw him rubbing his thum noveldrama
I tried to take my hand away from him, but he tightened his grip and stopped me. 
I cast a glance at him. “Max.” 
my hand. 
“Natalia, I was hoping to see you again after the club that night. However, I had to go back to the pack because my Alpha told me he needed me there.” 
I stared at him with a nervous face. I could see his handsome face. While he was talking to me, his brows kept wrinkling, but then after another sentence 
His calm aura and relaxed tone were the things that could attract any woman. He was quite attractive. When I was a student, I saw every female student 
But I had never thought like that. I always admired him for being my mentor. More than that, I never thought about it. 
I was a mother of two kids. I did not have to think about my life anymore. I could never begin a new life, even though they were not with me. I lived for th 
I pulled my hand away and cleared my throat. 
“I think we should head over to my house, Max.” 
Max appeared to be upset. He slowly withdrew his hand and nodded his head. 
He restarted the car, and we drove toward my house. 
There was an awkward silence throughout the whole ride. I kept glancing at him. I found his mood gloomy. 
Did he get mad at me? 
But I did not have anything in my hand. I knew what he meant when he talked to me a while ago. He was a charming doctor and the most eligible bache 
children.
I was no match for him. I was not ready, and at the same time, I could not think about another man in my life again. 
I was afraid to feel something for someone again, afraid to trust, and afraid to even consider the possibility of being able to live my life once more. 
The car stopped in front of my house since I had already notified the address after leaving the 
restaurant. 
I saw him sitting on his seat, unmoved, as if waiting for me to get out of the car first. 
I 
I did not like his silence. He was a young man with a wealth of life experience and a great deal of knowledge. Why was he behaving like a teenage boy? 
Max.” 
He mumbled, “Listening,” without casting a glance in my direction. 
I was surprised at how he responded. I thought about how to clear up every misunderstanding. Then I decided to tell him the truth so that he could step b 
“Max, you are my friend. So I want to tell you the truth. Alpha Adrian is not only my Alpha head but also my ex– husband. I am not any ordinary woman but a divorced woman with two kids.” 
I was expecting a shocked reaction on his face. But to my surprise, Max turned to face me and said it with a deep voice. 
“Natalia, I am completely aware of everything.” 
D
###Alpha 198
I was stunned after hearing Max. What did he mean by being aware of everything? Who told him about my past? 
“How do you know?” 
He looked away from me and muttered, 
“I heard what had happened in the war. The way you fought back, the way Alpha Adrian wanted his children back, I learned everything from your pack fig 
Even though I tried to find something to say, I was unable to do so. 
I opened the door and got out of the car, thinking that it would be better if I avoided any type of discussion about my past. 
“Let’s go inside. I will take you to my brother’s room,” I said, leaning down to the window to look at him. 
He stared at me for a while, as though he did not like the unfinished conversation. 
However, he let out a sigh and got out of his car. He followed me inside. 
The maids turned their heads to look at me as soon as I walked into the house. They cast a quick glance. in Max’s direction. I wondered if they knew about him. 
However, based on the expressions on their faces, it was clear that they were only admiring his handsome face and were unaware of his identity. 
“This way.” 
I gestured my hand in the direction of Jason’s room. He trailed behind me as I entered Jason’s bedroom. 
The moment I stepped into the room, my steps came to a complete halt. I saw Harold sitting on the edge of the bed. He was setting up the medical equip noveldrama
“Harold.” 
He got to his feet and turned around. A smile appeared on his face when he noticed me. “Natália.” 
But his smile did not last long when he shifted his gaze behind me when Max entered the room. 
“Doctor Max Harrison!” 
Harold appeared to be in a state of shock. 
Of course, he would react like that, Each and every physician’s dream was to have the opportunity to speak with Max and learn from him. 
There was a huge difference between being a doctor and being a healer. 
A doctor could treat the physical wound, but a healer could heal any wound, even if it was an invisible 
wound.
Due to the fact that they were healers, they possessed unique abilities and a mark on their bodies. 
“This is Harold Reid, my friend.” I introduced Harold to Max. 
Harold extended his hand to Max, and the two of them reached out and shook hands with each other. 
“How are you, Doctor Harold?” Max asked. 
I was confused. Did they meet before? 
Max glanced at me and understood my confusion. “We met many years ago in an experimental training 
“Oh.” 
After shaking hands with Max, Harold turned to me. “How do you know Doctor Max?” 
“He is my friend.” 
Harold looked surprised. “Your friend? You have never said that before.” 
I chuckled awkwardly. How could I tell that to him? I and Max only met a few times and became friends. -Even before today, I had no idea whether or not he intended to get in touch with me. 
I tried to ignore his question and said, 
“Harold, you mentioned that Max was the only person who could save my brother. See? I brought him here. Now, no one can stop my brother from recovering.” 
D
###Alpha 199
Max’s eyes were fixed on Jason. As if he were seeing something or observing every beat of his heart, he approached the bed. 
I looked at him, noticing a change in his eyes. 
Harold, what are your thoughts on this? Will it be p 
for him to assist Jason in getting better?” 
Harold appeared lost in thought as he fixed his gaze on Max’s back. 
Suddenly, it hit my mind that he was in charge of Jason’s treatment. So, was it okay with him that I brought Max here? 
But it was he who told me about Max. 
“I am grateful to you, Harold. You have been by my side throughout my entire life. I don’t know how I can repay you.” 
He turned his head towards me and replied, 
“Friends don’t need to repay each other for their help” 
My brows lit up in surprise. He was a broad–minded person. He was the kindest person I had ever 
encountered in my life. noveldrama
“Thank you very much, Harold.” 
He was about to say something when his phone began to ring. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. Looking at the screen of his phone, his expression changed to a nervous one. 
He cast a glance at me and received the call. 
“Alpha.” 
I realized that it was Adrian who had called him. Max also turned around when he heard Harold. 
“Pardon?” Harold said, furrowing his brows. 
Harold seemed to be perplexed. But then he nodded his head as if Adrian were in front of him. 
“Okay, Alpha. I will keep you updated as soon as it is possible.” 
I saw him hanging up the phone. I could not help but feel a little curious to know what they had been talking about a while ago. 
“What happened, Harold?”
Alpha called me to get out a few pieces of information from the pack hospital’s records.” 
Max walked to us and asked, “Is everything okay in the pack hospital? Is everything all right with the patients?” 
I saw care in Max’s eyes. His tone was sharp, but I could sense an unknown worry. As a healer, he could understand other people’s pain. My heart was 
“Yeah. Everything is fine,” Harold said to Max, then he turned his attention back to me. 
“He asked if anyone named Lynda had been admitted to the pack hospital many years ago. 
1 frowned when I heard that. 
Lynda? What had happened to her that she needed to be admitted to the hospital? 
Harold looked at Jason for a moment before turning to face Max. He updated him on Jason’s condition up to that point. 
“Natalia, I’m leaving now. I have to check everything before informing Alpha. I can’t make any mistakes. He sounded angry. 
I rolled my eyes. “It looks like his sweetheart is quite frail. A few months ago, her hand broke from my simple grip. Who knows how many bones she brok 
Harold shook her head. “It’s seemed serious. Would you like to know if I found out anything?” 
I shook my head and replied camly, 
“There is no need to inform me anything about your Alpha. I no longer have any interest in him.” 
D
###Alpha 200
Adrian’s POV 
Harold asked for some time from me to take out the information. noveldrama
I was in a terrible mood right now. I had no idea Lynda had to bear so many consequences for helping me 
in my escape. 
I was already feeling a burden because of how she helped me, but hearing that those men had beaten her made my heart even heavier. 
“Adrian.” 
I heard my father. I looked at him. 
“Come with me.” 
After saying that, he walked to the staircase. I cast a glance at Lynda, who had lowered her head. Then my gaze shifted to my mother. She appeared dis 
I let out a sigh and followed my father. 
He went upstairs and entered his bedroom. I walked into the room behind him. 
“Close the door,” he told me. 
I shut the door behind me. He motioned with his hand to the couch near the bed. 
H 
“Sit.” 
I sat down, observing his intention to call me here. 
I noticed him walking towards the closet. He took out a bottle of wine and walked toward the couch. 
He sat across from me and then grasped the two glasses that were placed on the tea table close to the 
couch. 
He poured the wine into two glasses. I had no idea what he was trying to do. He moved the glass toward me and said, 
“Let’s have a drink.” 
I frowned as I realized it was the first time he had offered me a drink. We never shared a bond where we could share our thoughts with each other while 
I grabbed the glass and looked at the drink inside it. The red wine looked like blood. It was an old wine 
father had all the collections of old wines.
since my 
I swirled the liquid inside the glass while holding it. My father stared at me for a while. 
When he noticed I was not drinking, he said, 
“You are quite a mysterious man. 
My hand paused, and I lifted my gaze, locking eyes with his. 
“What do you mean, 
dad?” 
“When you were younger, I never imagined you would become such a powerful Alpha. You had the aura to change any environment. You used to be a si 
My eyes were shifted to the wine while I was listening to him. He said I was calm. Was I really this calm? Did he know how his actions devastated my life 
First, he made me wed Natalia against my will; second, he broke her pack bond and turned her into a rogue. He should have opposed the divorce. He sh 
Even though I signed the papers, I would not have allowed her to leave my pack at that time. 
“I have never asked you what is on your mind, Adrian. I am aware that I have done you wrong. Today, I would like to ask you a question. Will you answer 
I looked at him, not sure what he was going to ask. Then I heard his question, which puzzled mè. 
“When you married Natalia, you never cared about her. Now that you two are divorced but have children together, do you feel any remorse for losing her 
###Alpha 201
Taking my eyes off of him, I averted my gaze. There was a slight tightening of the holds on the glass. My attention was drawn to the pressure that I exert 
felt inside. 
When I thought back to the night of the war, I felt a stab of pain in my chest. 
That night, when I went to the Blue Blood Pack, my only intention was to save Natalia. When I heard that someone was attempting to kill her family, my first thought was that she would also be killed. I thought she was a helpless omega who could not defend 
That night, I had a realization about how much I wanted that woman. It was not because of the matebond that I felt longing for her in my chest. 
I reflected on the past five years and how her memories continued to torment me each and every night. 
The truth was, I felt regret every single night. 
“Adrian, are you listening to me?” 
I lifted the glass and chugged down the wine in one go 
When I stood up, my father’s eyebrows immediately began to furrow. 
“Dad, don’t overthink.” 
I was on my way to the door when I found myself halted by his voice. 
“I saw how you were looking at her at the pack party. Denying your feelings to your father is not an option. I am your father. I know my son really well.” 
I closed my eyes and took a long, deep breath. noveldrama
“I wanted her to be my daughter–in–law, believing that she could handle you. I still believe that I did not ruin your life. Actually, I had chosen what was best for you.“” 
I opened my eyes and turned around to face him. He rose from the couch, as if he had noticed something 
in my eyes. 
I was completely clueless as to why he appeared to be so terrified. Why did he feel the need to react like that? What had he seen in me? 
“You are right. I regre=” 
Just as I was about to admit that I regretted the divorce, someone knocked on the door. 
I turned to the door and opened it. Patric was standing at the door. 
“It’s Doctor Harold,” he said, waving my phone at me. At that moment, I realized I had forgotten to bring my phone with me.
My father made his way to us to learn the truth. I was able to observe uncertainty wreaking havoc in his 
eyes. I wondered why he did not believe Lynda. I knew it was her. She had been with me for more than six years. I had faith in her. I was the one to find 
“Put it on the loudspeaker,” I said to Patric. 
As soon as he received the call, he gave me a slight nod of his head and then put the call on the loudspeaker. 
The moment the call was received, Harold’s voice came out of the other end of the phone. 
“Alpha.”
###Alpha 202
“Go ahead,” I told Harold to keep speaking. There was a deep silence in the room. Patric’s and my father’s eyes were on the screen, as if it were not a phone but Harold 
himself. 
They were 
eager to discover the truth. Harold’s voice echoed around the room as he began to speak. 
“Alpha, I have reviewed all of the records and reports.” noveldrama
“So, what did you find?” 
“Alpha, a girl named Lynda was indeed hospitalized in the pack hospital. But not on the same day you mentioned. She was admitted here the next day. Her right hand was broken badly. When she arrived at the hospital, her body was covered in numerous scars, and she was in a terrible state. It seemed she had to bear the pain for a long time.” 
When I heard Harold, I tightened my fists. The anger, which I had hidden inside me for those men who kidnapped me, rose once again. 
How dare they hurt the person who saved me? Where were they? If they were still alive, I would give them the death they had never thought of. 
I glanced at my father, who was in a daze. As if he sensed my gaze, he lifted his head to look at me. 
Without breaking eye contact with my father, I asked Harold, 
“Is there anything else?” 
“Yeah, she was an orphan. So, no one came to sign the papers as her family.” 
I noticed my father’s eyes soften. I clenched my jaw as I turned away from him. He should not have brought up the topic. Now, it would begin to hunt me again. 
“Okay, I got it.” 
Just as I was about to hang up, Harold said, 
“One more thing, Alpha.” 
“What?” 
“The former head doctor treated her himself. There is a note written down in her 
report.‘ 
“What is it?” 
As if Harold were reading the note in his mind, he took a brief second before speaking again. 
“Her physical state is fragile. Since she had broken the bone of her hand, she could not use that hand for holding anything heavy or playing any instrument.” 
I cut the call. I could not listen more. I was done. My chest was burning with fire as I thought about the night. 
I shut my eyes as those memories returned to my head. I let out a low growl to shove them away from me. 
When I opened my eyes, I noticed my father and Patric lowering their heads. 
They submitted when they heard my growl. I sighed and tried to calm myself. 
“Did you hear Doctor Harold? You heard what she went through to save your son, didn’t you?” 
My father raised his head and nodded at me as if he had realized his mistake. 
“Never doubt her again.” 
He averted his gaze away from me, indicating that he was embarrassed about his actions. 
He should be feeling that way. He not only hurt Lynda, but he also dug into my past and made fun of the woman who risked her life for me. 
Patric did not say anything as his head was down. I walked past him and left the room. He turned around and followed me, like an 
obedient beta. 
When I returned to the living room, Patric informed my mother about what Harold had said. My mother covered her mouth. When she thought about Lynda’s pain, her eyes welled up with tears. 
Lynda rushed over and hugged me. She sobbed loudly and stated, 
“No one believed me. But I knew you would figure out the truth. Adrian, thank you for your trust in me.” 
I patted her on the back to console her. “I don’t know how to repay you.” 
She shook her head. “You don’t have to. Just be my life partner and stay close to me.” 
My hands, which were patting her back, paused. I tightened my fists and muttered in 
a low tone. 
“I can only promise you that I will punish those men to death.” 
###Alpha 203
It seemed like Lynda did not listen to me. She was quietly hugging me. I did not say anything else. She needed to get some rest. Today, everything was too much for her. 
My mother approached me and came to a stop beside me. She reached out her hand. and stroked Lynda’s hair. 
Lynda broke the hug and embraced my mother in tears. 
My mother responded by hugging her back. She looked at me with a sad face. 
After calming Lynda down, she told her to stay in the pack house tonight. 
“Adrian,” my mother said when Lynda left the living room. 
“Mom, I don’t want to talk about it anymore.” 
She kept quiet and nodded her head at me. “Okay, my son.” noveldrama
I saw her heading upstairs to her and my father’s bedroom. 
My mind was already messed up. I just wanted to soothe it for a while. Otherwise, the blood that was boiling inside me would flow out of my veins. 
Suddenly, my gaze was drawn to a maid coming out of the corner where my children’s room was. The maid was holding two plates of untouched food. 
She was surprised to see me there. So she immediately bowed her head and said, 
“They don’t want to eat, Alpha. I tried my best but…” 
I realized it had been a few days since I was busy and could not give them much time. It was just due to my workload. I also avoided going into their room because they did 
not want to see 
1. me. 
“Bring the plates.” 
The maid and Patric looked stunned. The maid approached me quickly and handed me the plates. 
I glanced at Patric and said,“Wait for me outside.” 
He gave me a nod in response. I then moved in the direction of my children’s room. 
1 grasped one of the plates with my fingers while the other rested on my elbow. Then I opened the door. 
The moment I entered their room and closed the door behind me, they turned their 
heads at me. 
Their happy expressions vanished almost immediately. They were not pleased to see 
1. me. 
They were sitting on the bed. I noticed they were holding the tab that I had given them. 
When they saw me looking at the tab, they hurriedly clicked on the screen and hid it under a pillow. 
I shook my head and started to walk to the bed. 
“Why did the two of you skip dinner?” I asked, placing the plates on the bed. 
“We don’t want to,” Noah said with a gloomy face. 
Meanwhile, Aria looked upset. I did not want my princess to be sad like that. 
I went to sit with them but only to see that they were moving back. 
I sat on the edge of the bed and stared at them for a while. Their behavior toward me was hurting me. I came to my children to calm myself down, not to become even 
more angry. 
At that time, a ringtone began to echo in the room. 
I did not need time to detect where the sound was coming from. 
My eyes went to the pillow. The ringtone was coming from the tab. 
Both Aria and Noah’s eyes widened in shock. Noah hurriedly took out the tab and cut the call. 
He turned his head to look at me. He looked terrified, as if I was going to kill him. 
I lifted my hand, and he shut his eyes, fearing that I would beat him. 
I patted his hand and asked, 
“What do you think of me? Did you think I was not aware you were contacting your mom?” 
###Alpha 204
Noah and Aria’s eyes widened with shock. 
Aria parted her lips and mumbled, 
“Y–You knew?” 
I removed my hand from Noah’s head and pulled Aria’s cheek lightly. 
“What are your thoughts on your dad, Princess? If you are not aware of it, then let me tell you. He is the head Alpha of many packs.” 
When Aria heard me, her mouth fell open. I glanced at Noah, who lowered his head. 
I let go of Aria’s check and turned my attention to Noah. 
 
gave you that phone and tab so that you two could talk to your mom.” 
He lifted his head and asked, “Really?” 
I nodded my head with a small smile. 
I was not a fool to give the devices to the children to use as a calming aid. They could not pass their days by using them. I knew exactly how it would be used. I knew they would contact Natalia with the help of it. 
Aria took my hand in her soft hands and requested something from me. 
“Please don’t take them back, Dad.” 
I froze every time she called me dad. The word seemed to have so much power that it lightened the burden in my heart slightly. 
I patted her hand and replied, 
“If you two eat your meals regularly without making trouble for anyone, I will not take them away from you.” 
Aria smiled at me. “Okay.” 
Noah remained quiet. He was still angry with me. 
I grabbed the plates and handed them over. “Finish your meal quickly.” 
They listened to me for the first time. They began to eat quietly. 
The tab began to ring once again. This time, before Noah, I grabbed it and stood up 
from the bed. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t break my promise.” I told them when they glanced at me. 
I made my way to the balcony as they continued their eating. 
“Don’t come here to disturb me.” I said to them: 
“But Mommy is calling. She called to talk with us,” Noah said. noveldrama
I gave him a look, which indicated that he should shut up and eat quietly. He lowered his head and continued to eat. 
“Noah, let Dad talk to Mommy,” Aria said with a chuckle. 
I ignored their different expressions and proceeded to the balcony. 
The ringtone had already stopped. I positioned the tab on a stand on the arranged table and sat on a chair. 
I waited for the tab to ring again. It did not take long before it started ringing again. 
I realized that it was a video call. I received the call. 
Immediately in my sight, a young, beautiful woman appeared. 
Her appearance caused my eyes to pause. She looked like she was lying on her bed. She was in a black night robe, and her hair looked wet, indicating that she had just taken a shower and was ready to sleep. 
She was taken aback when she saw it was not Aria or Noah, but me. 
She hurriedly sat up in bed. Her black night robe shifted slightly, lowered by her hasty movements. Her cleavage became slightly visible. 
I could not tear my eyes off of her body. 
Her shocked voice reached my ears. 
“Adrian!” 
###Alpha 205
I shut my eyes and turned my head away from the screen. I told myself that this was not the time to think about the desire. 
“Why… you?” 
Her confused voice rang in my ears again. I opened my eyes and turned to look at the 
screen. 
She had already fixed her clothes. Her hair also covered her chest area from both 
sides. 
My mind returned to our early encounter. I could not quite get the way she left with Max Harrison out of my head. 
“What did you think? You can talk to my kids without my permission, and I will keep letting you do that?” 
She gulped and shook her head. “I can only request you. Please, Adrian. This is the only way for me to contact them. Don’t disconnect them from me.” 
Her VCS M 
were heavy with tiredness. I stared at her for a while. I did not want her to know that I was the one who let the children get in touch with her. 
I shifted my gaze away from her and took out a cigarette packet from my pocket. 
“Are you smoking in your children’s room, Alpha? Where are your manners?” She spoke angrily. 
I glanced at her with a frown. I lit the cigarette while looking at her, then puffed on 
the smoke. 
I blew it out of my mouth and asked, 
“What is your connection with Max Harrison?” 
Her brows lifted as if she did not expect me to ask him that. 
“Excuse me?” 
“No, I can’t excuse you.” 
“Adrian Miller, you don’t have any right to know about it.” 
I raised a brow and nodded my head. “Okay, then don’t call your kids again.” 
While saying that, I pretended to cut the call. 
Her eyes widened in shock. “No, no. Wait!” 
I scoffed at her. “Done pretending arrogant? Now tell me the truth.” 
“You are the most arrogant man I have ever seen in my life.” 
“Now, will you?” 
I was getting impatient. I wanted to know why she left with him. It made me feel awkward to see her with him. 
She heaved a sigh in defeat and replied, 
“He is my friend. Harold told me that only he could save Jason. So I convinced him to help my brother.” 
My eyes fixed on her. Her voice shook slightly as she spoke about her brother. 
“So he will heal your brother.” noveldrama
“Yeah.” 
My heart was suddenly filled with relief. The burden that sat on my heart began to move slowly. 
I was trying to calm myself all these times. But who knew that just looking at this woman would put my mind at ease? 
I wondered how much power she had held over me. 
“I told you everything. Now, don’t take the phone and tab away from them.” 
I rolled my eyes and replied, “I wasn’t taking it away from them anyway.” 
She parted her lips in shock. “So you lied to me to get the answer you wanted!” 
I could not help but chuckle. She had a cute, angry look on her face. I felt good talking to her like that. 
“I hate you, Adrian.” 
“Good, keep hating me.” 
“I will. I am cutting that call.” 
“Wait.” 
She paused and looked at me. “What?” 
“You know I am planning a party for their fifth birthday. I want to surprise them.” 
Her rage lessened slightly. It seemed like she loved the children the most. 
I waited to see her reaction as I said, 
“I want you to come to their birthday party and surprise them.” 
###Alpha 206
I thought there would be a happy expression on Natalia’s face, but I was wrong. Her calm eyes turned cold. 
Her breath hitched as she tried to take a deep breath. I was unaware of the reason for her sudden rage. 
“Adrian Miller, are you planning to humiliate me again?” 
Her words caused me to lift my brows in surprise. “Why do you think so?” 
She scoffed at me and shook her head. “A man like you can’t be trusted. I think you are up to something.” 
I stared at her without saying anything. Did she distrust me so much? 
“I don’t want to attend the party. If you want to surprise them, then send them to my house. I will spend some time with them. I don’t believe their father. So, I don’t want to get into a trap of insults. He had already done enough for my family. Not anymore.” 
Before I could say that I was not planning anything, she cut the call. 
The screen turned black for a second, then changed into wallpaper. I looked at the picture carefully. 
A young woman was holding two kids. Three of them looked happy together. 
I tightened my fists and locked the tab. noveldrama
I said sorry, didn’t I? Why was she so stubborn? 
I got up from the chair. Before walking into my children’s room, I did not forget to throw the cigarette bud. 
I noticed they had already finished their dinner. 
“Dad, we are done.” 
Aria ran up to me. I bent down and held her in my arms. I glanced at Noah, who was using the phone. I sat Aria on the bed and handed her the tab. 
“You two should sleep now. It’s late.” 
Noah did not reply but Aria nodded her head in agreement. 
13 
I left their room and walked out of the pack house. 
When I looked outside, I saw Patric standing there. I walked over to him and stood beside him. 
“I made you wait,” I muttered. 
He was looking at a tree with great attention. I had no idea what he was thinking so deeply about. 
I tucked my hands into my pockets and turned my attention to the tree. 
“Adrian, I misunderstood Lynda. It’s true that I don’t like that woman much. But she almost sacrificed her life for you.” 
As I let out a deep breath, I uttered, “The broken bones are something that I have learned about today.” 
It was then that he turned his head in my direction and said, 
“So, what did you choose to do, then? You thought she had helped you, but now her, health issues have come to light.” 
Keeping my eyes on the tree leaves rustling in the chilly wind, I did not respond to him. 
After giving it some thought, Patric inquired, 
You seem to have reconsidered your decision to end the relationship by standing up for Lynda in the face of your parents. On the other hand, no other woman would have been as brave as Lynda in what she had done for you. She indeed has the quality to become the Luna, who can do anything for her Alpha.” 
When the cold breeze touched my face, I closed my eyes. There was a smell in the air. 
Why did I feel like everything was about to change? 
“Adrian, do you want to cancel the announcement?” 
My eyes opened when I heard Patric’s question. I looked at him and replied, 
“Don’t cancel the announcement. Just postpone it.” 
Patric appeared to be shocked. It appeared as though anyone would be willing to marry the woman who had put her life in danger for them. 
“You should not be surprised, Beta Patric. If you react like this, it means you haven’t 
###Alpha 207
Natalia’s POV 
I was so shocked when Adrian was the one who received the call. It was a relief that he would not disconnect my children from me. 
Nevertheless, I had my doubts about him when he asked me to attend the birthday party. He was not a kind man who suddenly wanted to be a good person. I was sure he had something on his mind. 
THE 
I sat on my bed for a long time, reflecting on how my life had changed in the last few months. 
I was fine all these years until I met Adrian again. He came into my life, and my misfortune began to hunt my life once again. 
That man was the villain of my life. 
Otherwise, how was he still able to control my life after all the things he had done to me? 
“I can’t even leave this pack now. He has my children.” 
I closed my eyes and collapsed onto the mattress. 
I rubbed my forehead and stared at the ceiling. 
Max had just left my house an hour ago, and he had promised that he would keep my brother in his thoughts. 
I realized that I could not convince him yet. Or did he have something else on his mind? 
All I wanted was to get my brother back as soon as possible. I could not see him lying on the bed like he was dead. 
Max told me he would talk to my father when he returned to the Crystal Blood Pack. 
Tomorrow, my father would be back here. I had called him and asked if Eric was okay. He said Eric was not doing fine, which made me even more worried. 
The next day, 
I got started on my day as usual. The ‘Moon Lovers‘ coffee shop was waiting for me. 
As soon as I entered the shop, I saw so many coffee cups on the tables and floors. 
ΕΠΙ 
I was stunned, but then I recalled Adrian’s order. It was indeed a big order for us. 
I rushed inside to help Liana. She grinned as she turned to face me. 
“Good morning, dear.” 
“Morning, Liana. You seem to be in a good mood today.” 
“Of course. I have never gotten such a big order before. This is the first time we are going to deliver our coffee to the pack company.” 
who were fixing the 
shop’s 
I smiled slightly at her and walked over to the employees who were fixing seal on the cups. 
We could not open the shop today because we would have to prepare thousands of cups of coffee for the employees. 
I could not believe how we would make it possible. It was a big shop but not that big to prepare for thousands. 
Liana got a call. She went outside to talk. However, when she came back, she was beaming with happiness from ear to ear. 
“Natalia, there’s good news.” 
I raised my brows. “What news, Liana?” 
“We don’t have to make coffee for everyone in the company.” 
I frowned at her. “Isn’t it a loss for our shop? More employees means more money, doesn’t it?” 
She shook her head in denial. I had no idea what she was so pleased about. 
“It’s not the fact. Alpha said we would have to deliver the coffee only to his floor….” She paused before continuing with a huge grin, “Daily.” 
My eyes widened. “Daily?” 
She nodded her head. “Yeah. I also could not believe it. My life is going to change soon. But there is another thing, Natalia.” noveldrama
I was perplexed by her sudden tense expression. “What?” 
She took my hand and replied, 
“Alpha said this order will continue only if you go to his company and deliver the 
###Alpha 208
“WHAT?” 
I just could not believe what I was hearing. Liana quickly patted my hand to calm met down. 
All the staff members turned their attention to me when they heard my loud voice. 
I looked at them and said, 
“Focus on your work, not me.” 
They appeared to be stunned. They were not used to my cold behavior. I was so angry at Adrian that I did not know how to control it. 
I almost forgot sometimes that I was an Alpha. My aggressiveness kept reminding me of my rank. 
I yanked my hand away from Liana’s hand and rubbed my forehead, preventing my eyes from changing colors. 
I walked to the changing room and sat on the small couch that had been set up there. 
“I can’t believe it, Adrian. You gave my boss such a big order, then placed a condition like this! How dare you?” I muttered angrily. 
Liana stepped into the room. She rested her hand on my shoulder. “I thought Alpha was your friend, and the way he took you from the shop yesterday led me to believe that you two had caught up on things.” 
I covered my face with my palms and shook my head. “Liana, there is no way we can catch up.” 
“Why? He is our head Alpha. What has he done that you don’t want to see him?” 
I looked up at her. I pulled my collar down to show her the mark had not healed yet. 
“This mark you were asking for that day, it was him who gave it to me.” 
Her eyes widened. She gasped and parted her lips. “N–Natalia-” 
I rose to my feet, and she took a step back. noveldrama
“The twins I always mention are also his children. Your head Alpha is my ex- 
husband.” 
Her eyes nearly popped out after hearing me. She was taken aback beyond belief. I could see her body shaking a little. 
I closed my eyes and tried to calm my raging mind. I could not push away those who were close to me just because of that man. 
“I’m so sorry. What have I done? I didn’t know Alpha Adrian was your ex–husband.” 
She covered her mouth. I felt bad for her. She was feeling guilty, even though it was not her fault in the first place. 
I held her hands and spoke softly. I apologize, Liana. I yelled at you before. I should not have forgotten manners to talk with elders.” 
She hugged me and expressed her regret. “I was not aware of this. Otherwise, I would have never accepted his offer yesterday.” 
After a while, she broke the hug and said, 
“I am going to call his company and let them know we are canceling the order.” 
She said that and left the room. I walked behind her and noticed her telling the others to stop working. 
We had already made over two hundred cups of coffee, so when I looked out the shop, I saw that the van had arrived to collect all of the coffee for the day. 
“Liana, what are you saying? We can’t afford to lose the order. What will we do with all of this coffee? We can not expect so many customers to come into our shop the moment it opens.” 
I saw Liana’s broken look. I felt terrible about the situation. 
I could not help but harbor animosity toward Adrian. He was to blame. He was making my life a living hell. 
I took a deep breath and came to a decision. 
“Liana, I will go to the pack company.” 
###Alpha 209
Liana turned to me and shook her head, disagreeing. 
No, no. I can’t let you go there. 
I grabbed my bag and my ID card from the shop, then headed to the door. 
Liana grabbed my hand and stopped me. “Natalia, you don’t have to do this for me. We will deal with the loss. Nothing is more important than a life.” 
She might have thought that Adrian abused me or that he would kill me. But she was not aware that I could protect myself. 
“Don’t worry. I will be fine.” 
I left the shop and hailed a cab. Employees assisted the van driver in loading the coffee inside the van. 
When the driver started the van, I directed the cab driver to do the same. 
As soon as the cab and the van arrived at the pack company, I got out of the cab. noveldrama
I looked up at the tall, sky–touching building. It looked so powerful from the outside that anyone would want to work there. 
It reminded me of my own pack company. I had been the CEO of my packing company. I had witnessed the power that these companies‘ CEOS wielded. Their employees and the entire pack relied solely on them. Their one decision could change their lives entirely. 
Just like my brother Jason’s decision. If that day I opposed my brother and gave the deal to the Crystal Blood Pack, we might not have gone through a war. 
“Miss” 
I looked around and noticed guards approaching me. “Yes?” 
“Are you from the Moon Lovers‘ coffee shop?” 
“Yeah. 
“Okay,” 
They helped the driver take the coffees and went inside the company as though they knew where to distribute them. 
One of them turned to me and said, “The last case is inside the car. Please take it and 
follow us.” 
“Oh, okay.” 
I hurried to take the coffee case and trailed behind them. 
As I entered the company, I felt awed. It was bigger than my pack company. Everything was luxurious there. All the employees looked busy. 
The guards led me to the reception area, and then they went outside. 
I walked toward the counter and asked, 
“Where is Alpha?” 
The woman looked stunned by my question. “Excuse me? Who are yo- 
She stopped when she realized who I was. Though Adrian never revealed her wife to others, after divorce, I went viral on social media. That was why some of this pack’s members recognized me. 
“Have you had any appointments?” the receptionist inquired after clearing her throat. 
I lifted the case to show the coffee. 
“Oh! Miss, you are from Moon Lovers‘ Coffee Shop.” 
“Yeah.” 
“Please proceed to the top floor. Alpha has already notified me of your arrival.” 
I sneered when I heard that. While walking to the elevator, I thought, 
‘This man knew I would never say no to Liana. He indirectly blackmailed me.‘ 
I arrived at the top floor and began to walk. 
“Excuse me? Where is Alpha Adrian?” I asked an employee. 
He pointed his finger at a door. “He is there 
I gave him a grateful nod and walked to the door. 
“Wait, he is in 
He was about to say something, but before that, I opened the door, assuming that–it would be Adrian’s office room. 
T 
However, I was shocked when I opened the door. It was a meeting room. 
Many Alphas from different packs were seated around the table. They heard the sound of the door opening and turned their heads to look at me. 
I froze under their gazes. 
My eyes moved slowly until they landed on the almighty man seated in the head 
chair. 
###Alpha 210
Third POV 
Everyone stared at Natalia. They could not believe that the princess of the Blue Blood Pack was in this pack. 
They moved their eyes toward her appearance. She used to be a dignified woman who ruled the pack company of her brother’s pack. 
At that time, people used to be devoted to her strong aura. She had the cold look that could give any Alpha a strong desire to make the woman submit to him. However, they were not able to do that. 
But right now, the woman looked fragile and weak. Her slightly messy hair and the less expensive dress she wore gave them the impression that she was no longer the cold woman they used to deal with projects with. She was no longer the 
businesswoman who ran the business world but a mere woman who sold coffee. The coffee case in her hand was proof of it. 
All of them were the Alphas of other packs, and anyone could see a look of surprise in their faces. 
Natalia stared at Adrian. She could feel others‘ shocked gazes and sense the way they were scanning her. 
Adrian lifted his brows at her. But then they shifted to other Alphas who were looking at her. 
“Natalia?” 
His deep voice rang in other Alphas‘ ears. They immediately turned their heads at him, only to find him moving his eyes at them. 
Natalia, on the other hand, chuckled at Adrian. 
“This man will never disappoint me. He called me here to insult me in front of other Alphas, she thought as her fists tightened. 
A pack’s Alpha dared to speak out with a confused tone. 
“Miss Natalia, what are you doing here? You know this pack is the one who won your pack. I wonder why you chose to stay here.” 
Adrian’s eyes darkened when he heard the man. He cleaned his jaw when he 
muttered angrily, 
“Looks like you want your pack to be the next.” noveldrama
The Alpha’s eyes widened as he lowered his head. He was just asking a simple question. He did not understand why Adrian got so angry at him. He had made deals with Natalia’s company before, so he knew her. In his opinion, Natalia was not the type of woman who would submit to anyone. 
“Miss Natalia, what are you doing here?” Adrian asked, shifting his gaze at Natalia. 
Natalia could see anger rising in his eyes. She did not understand why he pretended to be angry. Wasn’t it what he wanted in the first place? To make her feel humiliated in front of others? 
She raised her hand towards the table and placed the coffee case on it. 
“Alpha, your coffee.” 
Adrian cast a frowning glance in the direction of the coffee case. As soon as he turned his attention back to her, she immediately gave him a cold smile. 
She took a look at everyone at the table and then said, 
“Hello, everyone. It’s nice to see you all again. I apologize for interrupting your meeting. Please continue.” 
Seeing her cold grin, everyone could glimpse at the old Natalia. 
Natalia did not look at Adrian again and turned around. She made her way to the door, leaving everyone confused. 
D 
###Alpha 211
“I can’t believe that Natalia Hansley is here.” 
“I have heard that Alpha Jason is having a fatal illness. If he was in good health, he would have never let her stay here.” 
“Yeah. But it was all Alpha Jason’s fault. He dared to insult Alpha Adrian. How can anyone get rid of Alpha Adrian’s attack?” 
“No wonder she ended up homeless. Alpha Adrian shattered the Hansleys‘ arrogance. But it is kind of him to provide her with shelter here. It appears she is working in a coffee shop. What bad luck!” 
While walking to the door, Natalia heard whispers from others. 
She gritted her teeth to control her anger. She hurriedly grabbed the doorknock and left the room. She shut it loudly and walked to the elevator to leave. 
A young man appeared to be shocked when he saw her coming out of the meeting room. He rushed to her and stopped her. 
“Miss Natalia, where are you going? Alpha’s office is there.” 
Natalia lifted her head to look at him. Her cold look shook him inside. 
However, he was Adrian’s assistant secretary. Without Adrian’s approval, he could not allow her to leave the office. 
Natalia warned him, as she said, 
“Leave before I do something that you will regret later.” 
Meanwhile, 
Adrian glared at everyone after Natalia left the meeting room. He heard everything that they were talking about, including Natalia and her family. 
The moment Natalia closed the door behind her, Adrian yelled at them. 
“Shit your fucking mouths.” noveldrama
Their eyes widened. Some of them were really prestigious Alphas. They did not know that Natalia was his ex–wife. 
They could not understand why Adrian was behaving protectively over a woman whose brother dared humiliate him in front of everyone. 
“Alpha Adrian, may we ask why you are defending her?” 
Adrian got to his feet, which alerted others. Adrian was a very powerful Alpha and they could not afford it if he got offended by them. They did not come here with the intention of infuriating him to the point where he would destroy their packs; rather, they came here to make a deal with him. 
Adrian’s eyes shifted to every Alpha and he said, 
“If you dare to talk about her and her family again, I will be the one to go after your family. I showed mercy to her family, but I will not do so to yours. So keep that in your mind before you open your mouths.” 
Everyone gulped as they lowered their heads. 
Day by day, Adrian’s power around the packs was growing like a wave of highness. He had so many packs under him and the way he did business really amazed everyone. If they wanted to save their packs from becoming one of them, they had to obey him. 
Adrian turned his head to his officials, who were sitting on their respective chairs, calmly without showing any expressions. 
Without uttering a single word, Adrian left the room, as if a brisk breeze had rushed by them out of the way. Everyone realized it when they heard the door of the meeting room close. 
Beta Patric stared at the closed door for a while. A small grin appeared at the corner of his lips. 
He shook his head and got up from his chair. 
“The meeting is over, Alphas. See you next time.” 
康 
###Alpha 212
Natalia glared at the man who kept stopping her from going to the elevator. She clenched her fists so tightly that her nails pierced her palm. Blood is oozing from her skin as the nails rip the skin of her palm. 
She pushed the man to the side. The man was shocked by her sudden strength. How could a woman have such power? 
“Miss, I beg you not to-” 
Natalia heard him pause. She thought he accepted his defeat in stopping her. 
At that time, the elevator door opened. She loosened her fists and just entered. But before she could turn around to the door, a hand grabbed her wrist and began to pull her out of the elevator. 
She turned her head to glance at the person, and her eyes widened. 
“Adrian Miller, leave my hand,” she said angrily. 
All the employees around them stared at her in shock. They had never heard someone call their head Alpha by his name. She did not even use his rank before addressing him, which was recognized as an unforgivable crime. 
Adrian did not listen to her and pulled her in the direction of his cabin. 
She tried her best to free herself. In fact, she used her wolf’s strength, too. However, she was stunned when she found that her wolf was not supporting her in this because it was her mate who was in front of her. Her wolf could go against anyone but her mate. 
Adrian brought her into his cabin and closed the door behind him. 
Natalia growled at him just as he shut the door. 
Adrian stared at her, leaning his back against the door. He did not mind her growl, as if he had ignored it entirely. It enraged her more. 
“After humiliating me in front of the Alphas, are you happy now?” She asked with a furious tone. 
“What were you doing in the meeting room?” he asked calmly. 
He was no longer the aggressive man who had just warned all the powerful Alphas to snatch their packs from them in the meeting room. 
Natalia looked at his relaxed face. This man had the audacity to remain calm after insulting her. 
“I was letting you go just because you have my children. It seems you take me very lightly,” she muttered in a low tone. 
Seeing that Adrian was not replying to her, she decided to leave. She did not want to create any scenes in the pack company. 
She stepped forward and said, “Leave the door.” noveldrama
He folded his arms. “I didn’t know you would suddenly show up in the meeting room to give me coffee. I thought you were a CEO and knew the rules and regulations.” 
His words made her turn her head toward him. She glared at him as her eyes turned blue in rage. 
Didn’t he plan all of this? Now, he was acting as if she was at fault. 
All the obedience she had tried to show him over the last few days vanished in an 
instant. 
She could not control herself anymore. 
Her claws emerged, and she grabbed his neck with them. 
“Fuck this all nonsense, Adrian. I will kill you today.” 
###Alpha 213
Adrian fixed his gaze on the woman in front of him. She did not need a second to change herself. Her blue eyes could shake anyone but him. The way her sharp claws pierced his neck, he could smell the blood coming out of his skin. 
Though those wounds would heal soon, he could not deny that he felt hurt. 
However, he was Alpha Adrian. 
a 
During the wars, he had endured more pain than anyone else and managed to win packs against other Alphas. So, this pain was really nothing to him. 
When she got no response, Natalia pressed her claws hard. She wanted to see him beg her to let him go. 
“Calm down, woman,” Adrian said, grabbing her wrist. 
“Why? Is this pain unbearable for you?” she asked, smirking at him. 
She felt she now looked like a villainess from a novel who was trying to kill another villain. 
Adrian’s dark eyes caressed her face with calmness. Anger was increasing in her eyes. Her jaw was clenched, and her desire was to kill him. 
Instead of asking her to leave, a smirk appeared on his lips. 
“I had never seen a woman like you. I must say you look hot when you get angry, my black little Wolfie.” 
Her hand froze after hearing him. 
“Black little Wolfie?” she mumbled as she frowned at him. 
He seized the opportunity, yanking her hand away from his neck and turning her around. 
Her body pressed against his hard chest. She realized he was just trying to distract 
her. 
He lowered his head. His warm breath brushed against her neck. 
Her heartbeat became faster. She believed it was because of her anger. The more time passed, the more desperately she wanted to take the life of this man. 
She attempted to break free from his grip on her hand, but he held her still by 
encircling her waist with his other hand.. 
“Why so angry? If you kill me today, who will protect your family? Don’t you think all the Alphas, who used to be your brother’s rivals, will come after your family and tear them to shreds?” 
Natalia struggled under his grip. Her face turned so fierce that it could tremble any other Alpha. 
She turned her head slowly, which caused their faces to come closer. 
He looked at her. The closeness changed the glint in his eyes. His gaze moved from her blue and fierce eyes to her lips. 
She noticed it and parted her lips. Her canines came out as she spoke. 
“Then just release me and see what I will do to the biggest rival of my brother.” 
Adrian immediately let go of her. Without delay, she spun around and jabbed her -claws deep into his chest. noveldrama
Adrian let out a painful hiss. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the wall. 
She began to chuckle as she saw him in pain. Observing him in agony gave her manic pleasure. She was the one who made him feel like that. 
“I was just a simple girl who wanted to live a happy life with my husband, but you were the one who turned me into this. Why are your eyes closed now, Adrian Miller? Open your eyes and look at my terrible face. Look at what you have done to me. The woman you tried to push out of your life has returned with power and transformed into a wild beast.” 
Adrian slowly opened his eyes. His eyes were serene, as if he were not hissing in pain a moment ago. 
Natalia shifted her gaze to his chest and attempted to dig her claws deeper, just as she had done on that night during the war. 
However, her claws suddenly felt a sharp sting, like an electric shock. The pain shot through her body, causing her eyes to widen in surprise. 
She immediately pulled her claws away from his chest and looked at him with wide 
eyes. 
“Who are you?” 
###Alpha 214
Natalia’s claws went inside, and she noticed cracks in her nails. They had blood on them. She wondered if it was Adrian’s blood or her own. Because she was feeling pain in her nails as well. 
She turned her gaze at Adrian once again. 
“Tell me. Who are you? How did you do that?” 
Adrian stared into her eyes for quite some time until his eyes turned red. 
“I’m your mate, darling,” he replied with a smirk. 
She ignored the pain in her nails and gave him a stern look. “Don’t talk nonsense. How did you stop me? What did you put there? Let me see it.” 
She stepped towards him, grabbed the shirt, and then ripped it. 
All of his shirt buttons dropped to the floor, creating loud noises that could be heard in the silent room. 
He was stunned by her sudden action. But she was busy learning the truth. 
How could anyone stop her from attacking someone? She suspected Adrian was hiding something. 
However, when she saw his bare chest, her hands froze on his shirt. 
The old marks of her claws were still on his chest. It was right in his heart. It reminded her of how angry she was with him, and she nearly ripped his heart from 
his chest. 
Adrian scoffed at her. “What kind of thoughts are running through your head, woman? I didn’t know when you said you became wild; you meant things like this.” 
His taunts made her come out of her thoughts. She let go of his shirt immediately. 
His wound still hadn’t healed yet, just like her wound. 
She looked away from his chest and shook her head. 
She heard a sneer coming from Adrian. 
“What are your thoughts on the man who can break the spell you have been casting for so many years with a single growl?” 
She looked at him and replied, 
“It looks like the Moon Goddess gave such power to the wrong person.” 
He nodded his head, his lips curving a little. He took off his ripped shirt. “Oh, really?” 
Natalia did not move from her place. He moved closer to her and leaned his face against her ear. 
“You forgot that you are now a member of my pack. Even if you think logically, none of my pack members are allowed to kill me.” 
She pushed his chest but hissed in agony when she felt pain in her nails. 
Adrian noticed how she reacted. A frown appeared on his face, fading his pleasant look. noveldrama
“What happened?” he asked. 
He had not noticed her nails yet. He assumed it was his blood because she had made his chest bleed by digging her claws. 
She shook her hands to ease the pain. When he realized what was causing her pain, he took her hand and walked over to his desk. 
“What are you doing?” She asked. 
She could not pull her hand away because she was afraid her nails would break. 
Adrian removed a tissue from the tissue box and wiped her nails one by one. She closed her eyes when the tissue tugged on her nails, causing her to feel unbearable pain. 
After wiping her wounded fingers, which caused the nails to crack, he sighed and spoke out. 
“Let me heal them.” 
“Wha-” 
Before Natalia could stop him, he put her finger into his mouth. 
###Alpha 215
Natalia’s eyes widened. She stared at his mouth in shock. 
She could feel what he was doing inside his mouth. His tongue was softly licking her fingertips. He gently ran his tongue over her nails, causing her to gulp. 
“W–What are you doing?” She mumbled, trying to look at him. 
His eyes were fixed on her. They were so intense that it looked like he wasn’t healing her but doing something else. 
She avoided his gaze and tried to pull her finger out. He let go of her finger. 
She breathed a sigh of relief. She started to feel uneasy being so close to him. So she tried to take a step back. noveldrama
But suddenly, he bent down and lifted her by grabbing her knees. 
She let out a shocked gasp. “Adrian, what the hell?” 
He did not listen to her. He seated her at the desk and cast a shadowy glance at her. 
“You are talking too much. I know how to seal your mouth. If you don’t let me heal‘ calmly, then you know how I can stop you. You can’t even kill me now.” 
She was speechless. He held her hand and put another finger into his mouth. 
She took a quick look at the finger he had previously taken and realized that he had left it go because it had healed rather than because she had wanted to pull it out. 
Her finger was sparkling clean and clear, as his saliva was still on it. 
She held her breath when he began to heal her fingers one by one. 
Her eyes fell on his chest once again. He got a new wound from her today. Since her was helping her to heal her, she thought of doing something in return. 
She lifted her other hand and glanced at the blood coming out of them again. 
She pressed the nails against his wounds while running her fingers over them. 
He grabbed her hand and released her finger. 
“What are you doing?” 
“I want to make everything even. I don’t want you to help me. But, because you are 
TA 
helping me, I am trying to help you in return…” 
She paused as she glanced at his new wound. “Even if you want, you can’t heal them. Only my blood can heal them.” 
Adrian raised an eyebrow at her. “Really? Do you really think so?” 
Natalia was puzzled by his question. But then her gaze shifted to the new wounds on his chest, which were healing fast. 
She could not be more shocked. It was as though he was holding his wolf from healing them. 
He looked into her eyes. They seemed mysterious to her. Her brother surrendered his pack to him for a reason. This man was way more powerful than she thought. 
“Why didn’t you heal the old one?” she asked coldly. 
He leaned down on her. She tried to move back. He took her healed hand and pressed it against his bare chest. 
“I would appreciate it if you could heal me in the same way I healed you.” 
SUPPOR
###Alpha 216
“You are trying to humiliate me, aren’t you? 
Her question caused him to back away. He averted his gaze from her and grabbed her other hand. 
He quietly healed all her fingers without making eye contact. He was aware that she was staring at him with the intensity of an eagle’s gaze. Her eyes were penetrating him with their sharpness. noveldrama
When he was done, he shifted his gaze to her. 
“I wanted to make it clear to you that I didn’t want you to enter the meeting room. 
She ignored his words while glancing at her fingers, which looked so shiny and clean. She still considered taking a tissue and wiping them. 
“Stop lying, Alpha. You told your employee to give me that room’s direction. Otherwise, why didn’t he tell me to wait?” 
“No matter what I do, you are not going to believe me, right?” 
“There is nothing to believe, Alpha. I know you really well.” 
His eyes darkened. All of a sudden, he wrapped his hand around her waist and pulled her toward him. 
She realized there was a distance between them until he drew her closer. 
Her body pressed against his chest. 
“You claimed you knew me better. Then tell me what I want.” 
She pressed her hands on his chest to distance herself. 
She became so enraged that her eyes became icy. On the other hand, her wolf was feeling the opposite. 
What she desired was to be with her mate. 
“Mate. Mate. Mate.” 
It was the only thing that her wolf was chanting inside of her. 
As a result of her anger, Natalia clenched her jaw. Fate was cruel to her. She almost forgot that this man was her mate. 
12 
Why him? 
She wondered why the Moon Goddess chose him out of all the men around the world. She got her wolf back after giving birth to her children. 
That time, she was already divorced. She was just beginning to move on with her life with her babies and her family. 
The Moon Goddess could have changed her decision, couldn’t she? 
“Stay away from me. I hate this closeness. I just hate you,” she spoke out. 
He leaned in close to her face. “Why so angry, woman?” 
She wanted to laugh at him in anger. Did he leave her with any choice but to hate him? 
His one hand was holding her waist, while the other was holding her hand to keep her from pushing him too hard. 
She glanced at his hand that was grabbing her hand and thought about something. 
Adrian closed his eyes when his nose touched her cheek, and her scent enveloped 
him. 
Natalia grabbed his hand and bit it sharply. 
When he felt a sudden bite, he moved away from her. 
She got down from the desk and said, 
“Go to your fiancée and use these healing techniques on her, not on me. I don’t need you in my life anymore.” 
Saying that, she dashed to the door. She thought he would stop her. That was why she hurriedly left the cabin. 
###Alpha 217
On her way, Natalia bumped into someone. She looked at the man and saw it was Beta Patric. 
“Where are you in such a hurry, Miss Natalia?” he asked, glancing at Adrian’s cabin. 
Natalia cleared her throat to compose herself and replied, 
“Tell your Alpha that I will not be coming here to deliver the coffee again.” 
Patric was aware of Adrian’s condition for the order. He shook his head in response. 
“It’s my Alpha’s order. You can’t deny it,” he replied professionally. 
She tightened her fists, only to discover that her nails were no longer causing her any pain. She loosened her fists and muttered, 
“You and your Alpha are all just the same. 
Patric was taken aback. “Please don’t mind my Alpha. I swear he told his assistant secretary to bring you to his cabin, not the meeting room. You are misunderstanding him.‘ 
She rolled her eyes at his words. “Don’t swear for that man. You will die.” 
She walked past him, heading to the elevator. Patric turned around to look at her 
back. 
Natalia paused her steps and turned to face him. 
“Tell your Alpha to keep his distance from me. Because even if I can’t kill him, I am capable of hurting his beloved person.” 
Patric turned around when he saw Natalia leaving the office. His gaze moved to Adrian’s cabin. 
He noticed that other employees were not working. Their gaze was fixed on Natalia. until she stepped inside the elevator. 
“Come on. Return to your work.” 
Everyone nodded their heads and went back to their desks. They did not need time to understand who Natalia was. 
They were aware of her identity. She was none other than Alpha Adrian’s ex–wife. 
14 
Patric went straight into Adrian’s cabin without first knocking on the door. 
He found a torn shirt on the floor that had blood stains. He immediately looked around the cabin until his eyes fell on the shirtless man, who was smoking while sitting on the couch. 
Patric shut the door behind him and walked over to him. 
Something caught his attention, and he could not help but chuckle. noveldrama
“Looks like something happened in the room. You look wounded. Let me guess. Someone scratched your neck when you tried to do something with her out of desire, “Patric said, sitting on the couch opposed to him. 
Adrian looked at him. Patric expected his best friend to become angry, but instead, he smirked at him. 
Raising his left hand, he took a whiff at it. Patric noticed a bite mark there. 
“I was trying to play with a little wolfie. But she turned out to be a wild beast,” Adrian muttered. 
His smirk never left his face. 
Patric laughed in disbelief. “Little wolfie? Are you kidding me, Adrian? She is an Alpha wolf. One of the rarest and most powerful wolves we have ever seen. She is an enormous wolf. How can you call her that?” 
Adrian gave him a look as if he were asking a foolish question. “For you all, she is enormous. But for me, she is…” 
He did not continue, as if he were thinking about something. 
“I have never seen a man like you. At first, you thought your children were another man’s blood, but you still wanted to accept them for her, knowing that it was against the law.” 
Adrian ignored his words. He indeed wanted to accept Natalia’s children, even though they were from another man. Because he wanted her. 
Patric shook his head in disbelief. “Now you look pleased with the wounds she is giving you, Alpha Adrian, have you lost your mind? What’s running through your head? Can you shed some light on the situation for me so that I can better prepare myself?” 
Adrian blew the smoke out of his mouth and replied, 
“Spread some breaking news throughout the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
Patric sat straight and inquired, 
“What news?” 
Adrian took the last puff of the smoke and dropped the cigarette bud on the floor. He smashed it with his shoe, then replied, 
“Today, Alpha Adrian’s ex–wife visited him at his company. All the employees witnessed him pull her to his cabin. They were alone in the room for over an hour… Adrian paused, a smug grin tugging on the left corner of his lips. He then continued, “It’s clear that Alpha Adrian is cheating on his girlfriend. He is now pursuing his ex- wife.” 
###Alpha 218
Natalia’s POV 
I walked to the lobby area while enduring other people’s gazes. There was a curious look in their eyes, which did not surprise me. 
I left the company in a really bad mood. I took a cab and headed back to the coffee shop. 
The day was bright and sunny. My hands were bathed in sunlight as it came in through the window. When I lifted my hand, I took a close look at my fingernails. 
They were shining in the sunlight. There was no blood, no cut, and no crack. 
I curled my fingers as I fisted them. 
My eyes were drawn outside the window. I did not see a single person walking with peace. They looked in a hurry and were anxious about their daily lives. I wondered if they also had problems in life, just like me. 
My life and fate both changed their colors. 
How was I supposed to take this? How long would I keep working in a coffee shop and thinking about saving my brother? How long would I have to wait for my brother to wake up and make everything right? 
I leaned back against the seat and closed my eyes. I put my hand on my chest. 
‘Is there still a heart? Why is it even beating? I should have been the one to endure all of this, not my brother.‘ I thought. 
Why was there no solution to my fate? Why could I not be happy at least once? 
All of my life, I had to live with my abusive parents, and when I found the person I loved, he tore my heart in a way I would never repair. 
Then, I found my real family and began to live with them and my children. 
But once again, all of my ways were closed. I had nowhere to go. I felt the Moont Goddess was really angry with me for some reason. 
Otherwise, why did she give that man so much power but make me helpless in front of him at every step in my life? 
“Miss.” 
I opened my eyes and found the cab stopped beside the coffee shop that I worked at. 
“Thanks, brother.” 
It looked like it was my only destination now. I paid the cab driver and got out of the cab. 
I looked at the glass walls and found the employees were taking orders from the customers. Inside, everything looked spotless, as though they were not getting ready to fill orders for hundreds of coffee cups. 
I entered the coffee shop. Immediately, the bell rang over the door, indicating that someone had entered the shop. 
I glanced at the old customers, the young boys and girls who always stopped by the coffee shop. I gave them a small smile, though I was exhausted inside. 
Raising their coffee mugs, they smiled back. I gave them a nod and made my way to the counter. noveldrama
I was feeling nervous. I had no idea what I was going to say to Liana. How was I supposed to break the news to her that the order had been canceled? We were not delivering the coffees to Alpha Adrian because I was not going to his company ever again. 
It came to my attention that Liana emerged from the changing room while she was holding her phone close to her ears. 
“Liana.” 
She looked at me with a smile. But her focus was on the person she was talking with over the phone. 
It came as a complete surprise to me when I overheard her having a conversation with the other person. 
“No worries, Alpha. I will take care of it. Thanks for continuing the order.” 
D 
###Alpha 219
I was stunned. Was she talking with Adrian? Did Adrian now have so much spare. time to talk with my coffee shop owner? 
But why did he continue with the order? 
The thought that he had been successful in convincing Liana to send me back to his company caused my eyes to darken. 
As if Adrian had hung up the call, Liana removed the phone from her ear. 
It was then that she focused her attention on me. 
“You are back, Natalia.” 
I took a deep breath when I saw her overjoyed face. Nevertheless, I could not allow myself to lose my self–respect in front of that man any longer. 
‘Liana, I am sorry.” 
I lowered my head after saying that. She walked out of the counter and held my hand. 
“Why are you apologizing, Natalia?” 
I raised my head to look at her and replied, 
“I won’t go to the pack company from tomorrow. I am sorry if Alpha will cancel the order because of that.” 
Liana stared at my face for a while, giving me a silent look. As I tried to comprehend her expression, she suddenly burst out laughing. 
She hugged me and said, 
“Honey, there is no need for you to ask me for forgiveness. Alpha himself said that he is not canceling the order even if you don’t want to go to his company.” 
I was taken aback by her response. Was I listening correctly? Did Adrian really say that? noveldrama
As soon as I had the realization that he was conspiring against me, I clenched my jaw tightly. I was convinced that he was planning something.1 
“I don’t have the slightest bit of faith in him. He is a clever, extremely clever man. 
No, he is not clever but cunning. He should not be a wolf but a fox in the beastly forest.‘ 
My thoughts got interrupted when Liana spoke out again. 
“I think he is sorry for hurting you in the past.” 
I frowned at her. “What did you just say?” 
She took a look around the shop before dragging me to the changing room. She handed me the apron, which I wore right away. 
“I am not sure what happened in the past between you two. But I think Alpha cares for you.” 
My eyebrows rose in surprise. Why was she saying that? Wasn’t she the one who used to tell me to move on from the past and never look back at my ex–husband? “Liana, I think he really liked your
shop’s coffee. That’s why he didn’t cancel the 
you, order. Don’t misunderstand his intentions. He may be the head Alpha for but for me, he is still my ex–husband.” 
She shook her head as if she were disagreeing with me. “Natalia, it’s not like that. He wants me to-” 
“Natalia.” 
A staff member entered the room and interrupted Liana. 
I looked at the girl and asked, 
“Yes?” 
She signaled her head outside and replied, 
“Someone named Max Harrison came to our shop. He wants to see you.” 
###Alpha 220
“Max is here?” I asked and dashed to the door. 
“Nat-” 
I turned my head to Liana and said, noveldrama
“That’s an important person. ‘I need to see him.” 
When she gave me a nod, I left the changing room. 
I looked around and found Max sitting at a table next to the window. 
I walked over to him and stood beside his table. 
“Max.” 
He was using his phone. He lifted his head to look at me. 
“Natalia, can we talk?” 
I thought he would talk about my brother. So I was about to say yes, but then my gaze lowered to my apron. 
“Actually, I’m on duty now. Is it something about my brother?” 
His gaze shifted to my apron. He thought for a moment, then said, 
“It’s okay. I can wait until you are done.” 
I was surprised by his soft tone. I could not make him wait for the whole day just to talk to me. It was me who needed him. My brother was sick, not his. 
I looked over and noticed Liana staring at me from the counter. 
Her eyebrows went up, wanting to know what had happened. 
“I am in the mood for some mocha. Can you make it for me?” 
I heard Max. I gave him a head nod as I turned to face him. 
“Sure.” 
As I returned to the counter, I noticed other waitresses were glancing at Max. He was quite handsome, and I couldn’t deny it either. 
“Who is she, Miss Natalia?” A waitress behind the counter asked. 
“Doctor Max.” 
“Your boyfriend?” 
I was stunned by her question. 
“No,” I said as I moved behind the counter. 
I started to make mocha for Max. I noticed Liana was silent. 
“I am sorry I couldn’t hear you at that time. You were saying something.” 
“Nothing. Is he someone close to you?” Liana asked me while pointing his head at 
Max. 
“He is Doctor Max Harrison.” 
“The doctor, Max Harrison, the healer?” she asked with shocked eyes. 
Inodded at her. She let out a sigh and whispered in a low tone, 
“How can I not expect our ex–luna to be acquainted with big people?” 
Her words left me speechless. ‘Did she just call me ex–Luna?‘ 
I shrugged my shoulders and poured the coffee into the mug, then placed it on a tray. 
I was about to walk to the table but stopped and turned to Liana. 
“Is it fine if I can talk to him for five minutes? I promise not to do that again during my duty time.” 
“Have I ever stopped you from anything, Natalia? I have always said you reminded me of my daughter. I even left my shop in your hands every day.” 
I gave her a smile. This woman was an incredibly nice person. Suddenly, I felt relieved that Adrian did not cancel her shop’s order. It would greatly benefit her shop. 
“Thanks, Liana.” 
I 
walked over to Max’s table and set down the tray. 
“Here is your coffee.” 
“I would appreciate it if a beautiful lady accompanied me. 
I could not help but chuckle at his words. “Okay, then let me find a beautiful lady 
waitress for you. 
But I paused when he spoke again.. 
“I meant the most beautiful woman in this shop, or, I can say, the most beautiful woman in this pack.” 
###Alpha 221
His words brought me back to my past. When I was married to Adrian, only a few people knew about our marriage. 
I always heard our chief maid, Amanda, calline beautiful whenever I wore 
something good for Adrian. She used to say that I had beautiful features, but I looked fragile. 
That time, I did not have my wolf with me. was the reason I looked weak. However, this made no difference to my beauty. 
But I recalled the days when Adrian used to call me ugly. He said I was not 
comparable to any other attractive woman who could capture his attention. In his eyes, I was the ugliest woman in the world. 
“Can I have another cup of coffee?” 
Max’s voice broke my thoughts. I saw him waving his hand at another waitress. 
The girl approached the table and looked at me as if asking me why I was not taking Max’s order. 
“Sure, sir,” she replied to Max. 
“It’s for the beautiful lady in front of me. I don’t know much about her taste. I hope you make the coffee she prefers.” 
The waitress seemed taken aback. She glanced at me while I was staring at Max. 
After taking Max’s order, the waitress simply nodded and left. 
Max stood up and moved to the chair across from him. He pulled the chair and gestured his hand for me. 
“Please, sit.” 
I blinked my eyes, then turned my head, only to find every employee of the shop and a few old customers looking at us. 
I quickly sat down in the chair so as not to attract their attention again. 
Adrian had already created enough drama. I did not want any more drama here. 
“Max.” 
“Natalia, why do you look so exhausted?” he asked, sitting back in his chair. 
I tried to take a deep breath to calm myself. 
“Though you said those to cheer up my mind, thanks.” 
He raised his brow. “Do you think I was lying when I said that? No way. You used to look gorgeous when you were in your old pack. Now you look like soft beauty.” 
I was surprised by how he discussed various types of beauty. Did all the healers. speak so sweetly like him? 
“You are a good speaker.” 
“I know.” noveldrama
He chuckled. I smiled when I saw him smiling. There was a calmness in his face that relaxed me. I realized that whenever he was with me, I felt at ease. He made me feel like he could solve every problem in my life. 
“So, what did you want to tal- 
My phone rang, causing me to stop. I glanced at my phone and looked at the screen. 
Max peeked at the screen, and his eyes turned dark, giving me the impression that he did not like that caller. 
“Excuse me,” I told Max and received the call. 
“Harold,” I said. 
“Natalia, what am I hearing? Did you visit Alpha’s office today?” 
I was confused. How did he know? 
“How did 
you 
become aware of this? Don’t tell me that my arrival at the company has made headlines.” I said it with a laugh. 
But my laughter vanished when I heard his reply. 
“Yes, you are right. Check out the trending list. You and Alpha Adrian are now everywhere.” 
D 
###Alpha 222
Harold’s words caused me to scowl. I glanced at Max, who looked calm. 
“Okay, let me check it.” 
I hung up the phone and checked on the internet to know what Harold was talking 
about. 
I was surprised to see that there were so many searches conducted under both my name and Adrian’s name. 
I went ahead and clicked on my name. My timeline was flooded with a large number of posts almost immediately. 
“Alpha Adrian is cheating on his girlfriend with his ex–wife?” I muttered with a confused tone. 
Lclicked a few more posts. The fact that people started talking about Adrian pulling me to his office and that some of the employees even claimed to have seen it was something that caught me off guard. 
Why did they even bother to make a statement? Did they have no fear of losing their jobs? 
People began to chastise me in their posts and comments about why I went to the company. It suddenly became a matter of their concern. 
As I read the comments, I felt a growing sense of rage and clenched my jaw. 
“Alpha did not want to cheat. I bet that woman did something to seduce him.” 
“I am curious about how Lynda is handling everything at this moment. She must be heartbroken.” 
“Alpha should not cheat on her. She is such a sweet and nice girl.‘ 
My eyes were glued to the comments as I scrolled through them and mumbled, 
“Sweet and nice, my foot!” 
I was so occupied reading the posts and comments that I forgot Max Harrison was sitting in front of me, fixing his gaze at me. 
“Are you okay?” 
My eyes paused on the screen. I slowly lifted my head and looked at him. 
I put the phone on the table and cleared my throat. “Yeah.” 
The waitress brought the coffee to our table and placed it in front of me. 
“Your latte,” she said, giving a smile before leaving. 
I was not in the right mind to smile back. Even though I was looking at the coffee mug, my mind was still on the things that I had seen on the internet. 
“You came here after seeing the news, didn’t you?” I asked Max and then focused my attention on him. 
Instead of looking at me, he turned his gaze to the coffee he was drinking. He took a sip and gave me a nod. 
“You are right.” 
After that, I did not utter a single word and started drinking my coffee. I was at a loss for words. 
Right then, all I needed to do was call Adrian and scold him. How could he be so careless? What kind of employees did he have who dared to break news outside? 
I felt a touch of a hand on mine. When I looked over, I noticed that Max had placed his hand on my hand. I gazed at him. 
“Natalia, relax.” 
I let out a sigh. “Everything is becoming so exhausting for me. I even said this to that man, too. But he hates me so much that he is going to make my life hell.” noveldrama
He moved his hand and said, 
“There are rumors going around that Alpha Adrian is pursuing you. Is that true?” 
###Alpha 223
“What?” 
I was on the verge of screaming, but I managed to keep my voice down. 
I shook my head in disbelief. 
“People are crazy. They think whatever they want to.” 
Max looked at me as though he were studying my facial expressions. 
Like a sky full of clouds, his eyes started to become cloudy. His calm demeanor changed into an angry one. 
“Max, do you think that too?” 
“No,” he answered right away. 
“Exactly. Why can’t others understand that?” 
He did not respond, instead directing his gaze to my coffee. I also drank my coffee without overthinking the situation. 
There was a deep silence between us, which I did not want to break. 
When he was done drinking coffee, he broke the silence by saying, 
“You will not be able to live a peaceful life until you move to a different pack that is far away from him.” 
I lowered my head and muttered, “I know, but I could not just leave my family here. They would not get any place if all of us left the pack together.” 
Max thought for a moment, then said, 
“It is possible if your brother wakes up.” 
“How?” I asked. 
“He can request help by sending a notice to my head Alpha. My Alpha is not that bad. I think he will pull something together.” 
Though Adrian was the biggest problem for me right now, I did not want to go to any unknown pack. I felt that we were fine in the Crystal Blood Pack. Here, I lived for twenty years of my life. 
? +15 BONUS 
“I think I should wait for my brother. I hope he will make the best decision for us.” 
Max agreed with me. “By the way, I found the cure for the poison.” 
I was shocked. “Do you really…” 
I could not believe that Max had already found the cure. It was a sign that my brother would be fine very soon. 
“Yeah. I found the cure. Last night, when I saw your brother, I understood which poison it was.” 
The hope that I had almost completely lost in some part of my life emerged once more in my heart. I held Max’s hand and asked, 
“I’m so grateful to you, Max. You are truly a savior of life, just as I had imagined you to be.” noveldrama
His 
gaze shifted to my hand, which was holding his hand at the time. I lowered my gaze and glanced at it as well. 
I was about to remove my hand from his, but he placed his other hand on mine and said, 
“The healing process for your brother will only take a few months.” 
My eyes lightened up. I bit my lower lip as my eyes began to teary. I blinked my eyes to prevent my tears from falling. 
“Do you want me to treat him?” 
After wiping the corners of my eyes, I smiled for a moment and nodded my head in agreement. 
“I have a condition.” 
When I heard him, my smile froze. “C–Condition?” 
He removed his hand from mine and replied, 
“Be my girlfriend, Natalia.” 
###Alpha 224
“WHAT?” 
This time, I could not control myself. I got up from the chair. All the people around us in the coffee shop looked at me. 
But my attention was on Max, He was calm, as if he knew I would react like this. 
“Max, I–I don’t know what’s wrong with you.” 
“Everything is fine with me.” 
“Do you even know what you are saying?” 
“Yes, I do.” 
I shook my head in disbelief. “I can’t.” 
After saying that, I turned around only to find that the others, including Liana, as well as the customers, were staring at me. noveldrama
I took off my apron and walked over to the counter. 
“I am going outside for some time. I will work extra hours at night.” 
After placing the apron on the counter, I exited the coffee shop. 
The moment I stepped out of the store, I started walking. I was completely clueless about where to go. 
Tears enveloped my eyes once again. 
How could anyone possibly ask me to be his girlfriend? 
I was a divorced woman. I had children. If my children were here with me, I would have given it some thought because I was required to give them a father’s name. 
But now, they were with their father. 
My life was a living hell. I could not live my life like an ordinary woman. There is no way that anyone could like me. I had no right to destroy anyone’s life, either. 
At the time, the stream of thoughts that were going through my head was interrupted by the sound of a horn. 
My steps halted as I turned to my side. 
I saw Max’s car. The window by the driver’s seat rolled down. Max’s face appeared from within the car. 
“Natalia, listen to me.” 
I shook my head. “No, I can’t. Didn’t I tell you? I can’t.” 
I started to walk again. From behind, I could hear the sound of the door closing. But it could not stop me from moving forward. 
After a few seconds, a pair of hands wrapped around my wrist made me turn around. 
I looked at Max, whose expression had changed. 
“Why can’t you understand? You need to move on. You have a life, too.” 
I yanked my hand away from him. “So you came here to show me sympathy by helping me move on with my life?” 
My voice and words were both sarcastic. 
“No. I didn’t mean that,” he replied. 
“Then what do you mean? Why did you even ask that of me? Why would you want a woman who has been divorced and who has already given birth to two children? You are a young man, an eligible bachelor that every girl wishes to be with. How can you ask me to be your girlfriend?” 
He stared at me without replying. My words left him speechless. That was because I told the truth. 
“Max, you should not say such thin-” 
“I like you, Natalia.” 
His interruption made me mad at him. “Like? How can you grow to like someone after only two days?” 
He released his grip on my hand and responded, 
“I liked you the day I went to your pack for the very first time. In fact, I agreed to give your pack my cure because it was you who wanted it. When we met at the club in your pack, I was waiting for you there. I was aware that you would show up there. My intention was to simply meet you, which is why I went to your pack.” 
My lips trembled. “W–What?” 
 
He heaved a sigh of defeat, as if he were unable to conceal his feelings any longer. 
“Natalia, I have had feelings for you for a long time.” 
D 
###Alpha 225
Everything he said came to mind, one by one. 
What made him fall for me? What was it about me that he liked? My life was already out of control. I did not want to mess it up anymore. 
I took a few steps back while shaking my head in denial. 
As if he had seen something behind me, Max’s eyes widened in surprise. I was about to turn my head. noveldrama
But before that, he hurried over to me. He held me in his arms and turned to the 
other side. 
I was shocked. 
It took a few seconds for me to understand what had just happened. 
I was about to be hit by a car, but Max saved me. When I turned my head to look at the car, I noticed that the driver had turned his head to look at me. 
That was not a look to check on me or see if I was okay. Rather than that, it was as if he was trying to see if he had hit me. 
Strange! 
Why did he want to hit me intentionally? I might be imagining things. 
“Are you okay?” 
The sound of Max’s voice caused me to turn my head. When I looked into his eyes, I noticed a hint of concern. It surprised me. 
I realized that we were very close to each other, so I pushed him and moved a step back. 
“I’m fine. Thank you,” I said, tugging the hair strands behind my ear. 
“Look, Natalia. I did not mean to put you under pressure. I am here in this pack for you. I just want a chance from you. That’s it.” 
I raised my head to look at him. 
You said you did not mean to pressure me. But you also stated that it is your condition to save my brother.” 
The expression on his face became gloomy “Of course, it’s my condition. If I don’t set the condition, will you ever agree to be with me? The woman who did not give 
any other men a chance in the last six years, how can I take one from her?” 
I ran my fingers through my hair in irritation. “Now you are forcing me.” 
He nodded his head in response and turned around. 
“Hey! Where are you leaving?” I asked when I saw him getting into his car. 
I was afraid he would not help my brother. 
He turned his head to me and replied, 
“I got your answer. It’s okay. It’s your life. I don’t want to force you.” 
“W–What about my brother?” 
He averted his gaze from me and started the car. “I have so many other people in my pack waiting for me, crying for years to save their families. I need to go save them as well.” 
My heart started to beat fast. “No, no. You can’t leave. I want my brother to stay alive. Harold said he doesn’t have much time.‘ 
But Max did not listen to me. He drove his car away before saying, 
“You know my condition. I will leave the pack in two days. Approach me only if you agree with me.” 
###Alpha 226
I stared at Max’s car until it faded away from my sight. I was at a loss for steps to take. Why was Max so stubborn? 
He was now behaving childishly. What did lie see in a divorced woman like me? With a snap of his fingers, he could have thousands of young girls. 
I felt heartbroken for my brother. His life now depended on me. 
I raised my hand to hail a cab. A cab pulled up next to me, so I got in and gave the driver the address of my house. 
When I arrived at my house, I saw a car parked at the entrance of my house. 
A smile appeared on my face, thinking who had returned home. 
I paid the cab driver and hurriedly entered my house. The moment I stepped into my house, I saw my father sitting on the couch with my mother. 
I rushed to my father. He stood up and hugged me. 
“My princess, how are you?” 
I got emotional and shed tears. My father was my power. He was like a shadow, standing right behind me. I wiped my eyes and smiled at him. 
“Dad, I missed you.” 
He put his hand on my head and stroked my hair. “I missed you too.” 
We sat down on the couches. My mother asked the maids to prepare the table for us. 
I turned my attention to my father and inquired about my old pack. 
“I was surprised to see that everything returned to normal in the Blue Blood Pack. In fact, Alpha Adrian gave financial support to the families of those who lost their sons in war.” noveldrama
I was stunned hearing my father. “But that’s so many…” 
“Yeah. Almost all the pack fighters died in the war. He must spend a large sum of money on the Blue Blood Pack. He is surely a great head Alpha, without any doubt.” 
I noticed my father let out a sigh of relief. He was the former Alpha of that pack. He always loved his people. So when the pack was being demolished, he felt terrible for his pack members. 
After witnessing them rise once more with his own eyes, he felt a sense of relief today. 
“I think this was the reason why Jason handed the pack to him. He knew only he could run the pack well.” 
I looked away from my father. He did not want to admit that, but Adrian actually did. 
great. 
“How is Eric, Dad?” 
“I brought him along with me. I’m getting old. I don’t have much strength to go to that pack again and again.” 
I immediately rose to my feet. “He is here?” 
My mother nodded at me and replied, “He is upstairs. Go and meet him.” 
I hurried upstairs to meet Eric. It had been months since I last saw him. He was my best friend and companion on my darkest days. 
Just when I thought I had nowhere to go, I found him. I knew he had ways for me. He would offer me suggestions that my own brother would make if he were awake. 
I glanced at the maids and asked about Eric’s room, then proceeded to the room. I opened the door and stopped when my gaze fell on the man lying on the bed. His body was covered with a blanket. His eyes were fixed on the ceiling. 
I could not help but let out, 
“Eric.” 
? 
###Alpha 227
Eric turned his head at me, and I felt heartbroken. His eyes were not as lively as they used to be. He looked pale. The strong aura he had almost vanished and turned him 
weak. 
It reminded me of the day when I woke up in the Blue Blood Pack after running from the Crystal Blood Pack. 
I was weak, just like that. But at that time, apart from Jason, Eric helped me a lot. He became my friend, and he shared all of my sorrows with me. He helped me move on with my life, and I began to think of him as a family member. He was important to me, just like Jason was to me. noveldrama
I entered the room and closed the door behind me. I walked to the bed and sat on the edge. 
“Eric, it’s been a long time.” 
He smiled at me, though he looked in pain. He lifted his hand, and I caught it immediately. 
“How are you?” I asked. 
“Natalia, you haven’t changed yet.” 
I chuckled at him. “It’s just a couple of months, silly. Not a decade that I would change.” 
My words caused him to laugh. “I know. But I don’t think I will stay alive at that time to see you getting old.” 
I shook my head. “Please don’t say that. I promise you. You will be fine. Jason will also stay alive.” 
He told me his body was getting weaker from the poison. He expressed how much pain he had to go through, and he was relieved that Jason was unconscious because he was afraid his best friend would have to go through this unbearable pain as well. 
“Doctor Max found the cure. He will save you both.” 
“Are you sure?” 
I nodded at him. “Yes.” 
“Then tell him to save Jason first.” 
I bit my lower lip while looking at Eric. He did not care for himself but for his alpha. 
I patted the back of Eric’s hand and said, 
“Eric, Max set a condition for the treatment” 
A frown formed in his brows. “What condition?” 
“He wants me to be his girlfriend.” 
I assumed he would respond with shock. But he started to chuckle. 
“That man. Of course, he did that.” 
I released his hand and asked, 
“Did you know about it?” 
He smiled at me and asked, 
“About what? That he likes you?” 
My brows lifted in shock. “Y–Yeah.” 
He sighed and said, 
“Your brother knew it too. When he visited our pack during the alliance’s completion period, he requested that your brother allow you to further your education in the medicine field. He wanted you to train under him so you could achieve your dream. His clear intention was to be with you.” 
I parted my lips in surprise. I remembered telling Max that my family had given me responsibility, so I had no way to pursue my dreams. 
Was that why he went to talk to my brother? 
I glanced at Eric, who stared at me for a while before saying, 
“You have a crush on him anyway. Why don’t you give him a chance?” 
###Alpha 228
I rubbed my forehead as I was on the verge of losing myself. 
“Natalia, why can’t you just calm down and start a new life?” 
Eric’s question caused me to laugh at myself. I lowered my head and replied, 
“When a mirror breaks, there is a loud noise. But no one listens to the cry of a broken heart, This need for love destroyed me entirely. I am afraid to even think of being 
with a man.” 
Eric turned silent. He had nothing to say in reply to my words. 
I slowly stood up from the bed. “Have you eaten anything? Can you walk?” I asked, glancing at his covered legs. 
“I can. It is just that when I move, I feel pain all over my body.” 
“Okay, I will send maids with your food. Take a rest.” 
“That’s what I have been doing for months. Give me some work to do. Death in leisure is not what I want.‘ 
After saying that, Eric tried to sit up. However, I quickly grabbed his arm and assisted him in sitting up. 
“There is something I wanted to tell you,” Eric said, looking at his hands, which 
looked thin to me. 
The poison was really killing him slowly. 
I sat on the bed once again. “Tell me.” 
I thought he found something that my brother wanted to tell me after the war. 
I was still perplexed as to why he warned me not to trust anyone when he himself had given in to his biggest rival. 
“I found my mate,” Eric muttered in a low voice. 
I was stunned. “Your mate?” 
-I did not know how to express my feelings, but I felt really happy inside. The man who used to like me a lot, but I only had to refuse his feelings, now has his mate. It was really great news for me. I wanted him to have a happy life with his mate. 
“Who is she? How did you find her?” I asked him in a curious tone. 
I noticed Eric was not pleased. Did he not like his mate? Or was there anything else? 
“Where is she? Is she from this pack or the Blue Blood Pack?” 
Instead of answering me, he fell quiet. I stared at him, giving him time. 
Right at that moment, my phone began to ring while I was sitting with Eric. 
I looked at the screen and saw an unknown number. I received the call. 
“Hello?” 
“Miss Hansley, do you have some time to talk?” 
“Who’s speaking?” 
“I’m from Moonlight Time magazine. We would like to schedule an interview.” 
After hearing the woman, I could not help but frown. 
“Interview? Interview about what?” 
“It’s about the rumors going around about you and Alpha Adrian.” 
“I have nothing to do with your head Alpha anymore. So please just leave me alone.” 
I cut the call in anger. How did these people get my number? 
“What happened? Who was it?” Eric asked with a questioning look. 
I shook my head and got out of bed. “I have to leave for work. See you later.” 
I left Eric’s room while searching for a number on my phone. I found the number and dialed it. 
As soon as the call connected, I growled in a fit of rage. 
“How dare you spread those rumors, Alpha Adrian?” noveldrama
###Alpha 229
“Miss Natalia, this is Beta Patric.” 
I frowned and moved my phone away from my ear to look at the number. I called Adrian, then why did Patric receive the call? 
“Where is your Alpha?” I asked angrily. 
As if Adrian were close to him, Patric asked, 
“She is asking where you are.” 
Then I heard the voice of the man who had made my life a living hell. 
“Tell her I am in the meeting right now.” 
“Miss Natalia, Alpha is in a meeting.” 
I 
tightened my fists. “Stop fooling around with me. I overheard him. Give him the phone right now.” 
Beta Patric was silent for a while. Then Adrian’s voice reached my ear. 
“What happened? Didn’t you tell me to keep my distance? I am just working on it.” 
“How dare you spread these rumors?” I asked while gritting my teeth. 
“Do you have any proof that I spread those rumors?” 
I laughed at his words. “I am not a stupid woman. You could have dismissed the rumors if you had wanted to. And I don’t think anyone has the audacity to spread something about you without your permission.” 
Adrian remained silent for some time. His silence was frustrating to me. “When will you stop meddling in my life?” 
“Never,” he replied with a deep voice. 
I gulped as my wolf recognized his deep voice. I closed my eyes tightly and said, 
“If you keep making stories like this, I will kill your sweetheart. You intentionally did that, didn’t you? Your beta must have informed you of my warning. That’s why you keep her away from the rumors.” 
He chuckled as if I were joking. “Your tongue is running really smoothly when you talk. I am curious how it will feel when you run it over the wound on my chest.” 
My eyes widened in shock. Patric cleared his throat from beside him, indicating that he was still there. 
“Can’t you see two mates talking? Go back to your work.” 
“Sure, Alpha,” Patric replied in a sarcastic tone, 
I felt disgusted. There was no shame in this man. How could he talk like that in front of anyone? 
“So what were you saying…” Then, after a brief pause, he mumbled close to the phone as if he were standing right in front of me, gently whispering something into 
my ears. 
“Mate?” 
As soon as I heard him, I took a deep breath because he rendered me speechless. 
“Stop bothering me, Adrian. It’s my last warning. If you ever try to involve me in anything else, I will kill Lynda.” 
My voice was cold enough to make him realize that I was serious about it. 
“Don’t bring her between us.” 
I scoffed at his soft tone. “There is nothing between us. noveldrama
“Are you refusing to admit the matebond?” 
I smirked as I finally got the answer. I was confused all this time, but after talking with this man, I realized what I should do. 
“This bond will no longer remain when I give another man the right to mark me.” 
As if it enraged Adrian, he growled on the phone. 
“NATALIA.” 
“Bye, Alpha.” 
“Don’t do something fooli- 
I hung up the phone before he could say another word. My eyes turned blue as I finally got my way. 
I had to move on–not in my life, but from this man. 
###Alpha 230
Adrian’s POV 
She did not even let me finish and cut off my call. My blood was boiling in anger. Not because of the way she ended the call, but rather because of what she had said to me. 
Why did she always blackmail me by bringing another man? 
After hurling the phone onto the desk, I reached for the packet of cigarettes. I took out one and lit it. 
My mind reflected on how I got mad when she told me that she was with Eric. 
Wasn’t Eric losing his life slowly in the Blue Blood Pack? 
In the past, he used to be a beta of another pack, but now he was one of my pack members. I had so many ways to kill him. If that man dared to look at Natalia once again, I would rip his soul out of his body. 
Natalia’s words kept running through my mind. At that moment, I heard a knock on the door. 
“Come in.” 
My secretary came into the cabin and bowed his head. 
“Alpha.” 
“Where is he?” 
He gulped while lowering his head. I was asking him about the employee who directed Natalia to the meeting room. 
“Alpha, he has a high fever. H–He is so afraid that…” 
“Afraid of what? His death?” 
He lifted his head and saw my furious face, then immediately bowed to me again. 
“Forgive him, Alpha. Miss Natalia asked him about where you were. He only replied to her. He didn’t do anything intentionally. 
“And where were you at that time?” I asked, gritting my teeth. 
“I was in the washroom.” noveldrama
“Bullshit.” 
He flinched in fear. I was no longer enjoying other people’s fears. It seemed normal to me. What I was enraged about was that Natalia had to bear the humiliation. 
I specifically instructed my assistant to tell her to wait in my cabin. 
“Fire.” 
He immediately raised his gaze with a pale look. “A–Alpha, I’m so sorry. Please don’t fire me.” 
I stared at him, scrutinizing his painful expression. He had been my assistant for more than three years. 
“Tell that man that I fired him. He may not survive his fever. He doesn’t need to come to this company again.” 
My assistant let out a sigh of relief as if a heavy thing had moved from his chest. He was afraid I would fire him. 
“Alpha, I will let him know about it.” 
He then approached me to hand me a file, which he came to discuss, then turned 
around to leave. 
“Where is Theta Emon?” 
His steps halted. He turned around and replied, 
“Should I call him to come here?” 
After taking a long drag from the cigarette, I answered, 
“Tell him to bring that woman to me. I want her at my house tonight.” 
He understood which woman I was referring to. 
“Okay, Alpha.” 
He left my cabin, closing the door behind him. 
While smoking, I thought about Natalia again. I needed to do something about her anger against me. 
But before that, I would have to dig into the past. 
###Alpha 231
It was late at night when I was heading back to my house. I did not go back to the pack house because was waiting for that woman. 
My driver stopped the car outside my house. From the window, I could see another car parked outside. 
Before my driver could open the back door for me, another woman. appeared in front of my car. 
She hurriedly walked to the back door and opened it for me. 
Her desperate gaze met mine. I stepped down from the car and looked at her. 
“Lynda.” 
She shut the door loudly and crossed her hands over her chest. 
“What’s going on, Adrian?” noveldrama
I averted my gaze from her and began to walk towards the door of my house. 
She trailed behind me until she stopped to step in front of me. 
“Adrian, you can’t ignore my questions today. You need to reply to me.” 
I looked into her eyes. I saw rage in them. I took hold of her arm and moved her away from my side. 
“I am busy right now. I don’t want to talk about anything.” 
When I took out my house key, she held my wrist to stop me. 
“How can you do that to me, Adrian? How can you cheat on me?” 
I turned my head at her and replied, 
“Lynd-” 
She interrupted me by saying, “No, Adrian. You can’t fool me around anymore. All the people saw you pulling Natalia into your cabin. By the way, why did that woman go to your office in the first place? Why can’t she let me stay in peace for a while? Just when I wanted to talk about our marriage to your parents, she showed up with her children.” 
My eyes darkened as I frowned at her. “They are my children too.” 
She looked away from me as her hands trembled a little around my 
wrist.- 
“I–I am sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you. But why did you break my heart?” 
Her eyes became teary. My gaze softened, as I did not want her to be frightened by me. 
I patted her hand, which was holding my wrist, and said, 
“I am not a good man. You don’t deserve me but someone better.” 
She raised her head with wide eyes. “W–What do you mean?” 
“Lynda, let’s break up.” 
She immediately yanked her hand away and took a step back. Tears rolled down on her cheeks. 
“I have been in love with you for years. How can you change your mind? Is it because that woman has returned to your life?” 
I could not reply to her question. If she believed the reason was Natalia, she was right 
“People call you ruthless, but you have never shown me your cruel side until now. But what happened to you today, Adrian? Why do you want me to think of you as a heartless man? How can you forget 
#15 BEARI 
what I did for you when I was a child?” 
1 tightened my fists. The sharp edge of the key ring almost pierced my palm. 
I knew I was a betrayer. Leaving her meant betraying the little girl who had saved me. She was my lifesaver. But, at the time, all I could do was end this one–sided relationship. She would never have a 
happy life with me anyway. 
“What makes you still want her? Adrian, is it only because she is the mother of your children? If that’s the case, I can be a good mo-” 
She paused and looked at me with a shocked expression when I interrupted her by saying, 
“It’s because I love that woman.” 
###Alpha 232
Third POV 
“What did you just say? L–Love her?” Lynda mumbled as she took another step back. 
She could not believe Adrian had admitted that he loved Natalia. 
Lynda had tried for years to keep Adrian from even thinking about that woman, so how could he suddenly say he loved her? 
She shook her head and dashed toward Adrian. 
She grabbed his collar and drew him down to her height. 
“Tell me you lied to me. You love me, not her. Tell me you are just kidding with me. Did I do something wrong? Have I ever stopped you from doing something?” 
Adrian fixed his eyes on Lynda. His frown faded as he examined her pale look. 
He grabbed her hands and pulled them away from his collar. He stood tall and answered her calmly. 
“I am not lying. It will be better for you if you start a new life, just like I offered you years ago.” 
Her eyes widened in surprise. He reminded her of the night almost six years ago. 
It was just when Natalia divorced him and ran away from the pack. 
Lynda thought everything was over. But her happiness did not last long. Becuase after a month, she tried to get close to him. However, he pushed her away, even if he was drunk. He kept calling
Natalia’s name, asking her to return to him. 
“Natalia, how dare you leave me? I will punish you. Come back to me. 
These were his words at that time. She had no choice but to leave 
him in his state. 
But after that night, she planned to sleep with him in his drunken 
state. 
On the other hand, he never gave her any chance, as if even if he was drunk and not in his right mind, he knew the trace of that woman and could still remember her touch. 
One night, she thought he was under the influence of alcohol but he was fully conscious. He was honest with her and told her that he did. not love her and that he wanted to break up with her. 
Ever since then, she had been emotionally blackmailing him for all these years. 
She always wore sleeveless dresses so that his gaze would be drawn to the scar on her arm, reminding him of his past. 
Everything was going so well, so how did this man muster the courage to overcome his past? 
Lynda could not help but feel fear. She was frightened that she would lose him. 
“I don’t care. I will never let you break up with me.” 
She took a step closer to him and stood on her toes. She wrapped her hands around his neck and tilted her head to the side. 
From the other side, anyone would think that they were kissing. 
Just as her lips were about to touch his, he turned his head, and her lips landed on his chin. 
He pushed her away from him and held her wrist tightly. She was stunned by his action. 
There was no anger showing on his face, but after staying close to this man all these years, Lynda knew he was furious by her action. 
Adrian dragged her to her car. 
“You lost your mind. Before you do something that you will regret later, go back to your house.” 
“No, please, Adrian. Don’t do this to me. I will die.” 
Adrian opened the back door. “If you stay with me, you will die daily. noveldrama
At the time, a few cars drove up to the house and stopped next to Lynda’s car. 
Theta Emon emerged from one of the cars and pulled out a young 
woman. 
“Alpha, we brought the woman to you.” 
D 
###Alpha 233
With a frightened look on her face, a woman was standing beside Theta Emon. When she finally caught sight of the almighty man, her legs began to shake in terror. 
The darkness of Adrian’s eyes was almost causing her heart to leap out of her chest. It was like she had come face to face with her own demise. 
Her hands were locked behind her back. Her mid–length dress revealed her half bare legs, which had a few scratches on them. 
Her eyes slowly moved from Adrian and shifted to the woman standing next to him. 
Her gaze grew wide. Her reactions did not go unnoticed by Adrian. 
Slowly, he turned his head toward Lynda, who appeared to be in the same state of shock as that woman, 
“Do you know her?” 
Lynda could not reply as she stared at the woman. Adrian moved his hand on her hand, which caused Lynda to flinch. 
“H–Huh?” she said, turning her head to Adrian. 
Adrian’s eyes were as blank as the crystal clear water. It was impossible for anyone to comprehend what he was contemplating in his head. 
All of his officials had gotten out of their cars and stood there to obey his commands. 
“Do you know this woman?” Adrian asked Lynda. 
“N–No. I–I don’t know her.” 
Adrian released her hand and asked, 
“Why are you stuttering?” 
Lynda immediately composed herself and cleared her throat. “You are right, Adrian. I should leave now. 
Adrian did not reply but only stared at her. Lynda cast another glance in the direction of the woman and questioned Adrian, 
“Who is she, by the way? Why are you locking noveldrama
up? 
Adrian smirked as he turned to look at the woman once again. 
found her really attractive. Don’t you think so?“ 
frown appeared on Lynda’s face as she glared at the woman. “Did you dare to seduce him? 
The woman immediately shook her head. “N–No.” 
“See? Didn’t I tell you I am not a good man? Now go back to your home and celebrate the breakup,” Adrian said to Lynda, without moving his gaze from the woman. 
“Tonight is going to be long,” he muttered under his breath. 
“A–Alpha, 1-1 didn’t do anything.” 
“Adrian, let the woman go. She looked innocent. How about spending the night with me? I won’t let you complain,” Lynda said seductively, holding his arms. 
Adrian glared at Lynda, which shook her to the core. She hurriedly got inside the car in fear. Adrian shut the door of the car and gazed at Lynda’s driver. 
“Drive her home safely. 
When Lynda’s car drove away from the area of his house, Adrian moved his steps toward the woman slowly. 
The woman tried to take a step back, but Theta Emon was behind her, which prevented her from doing so. 
“Al–Alpha, plea-” 
Adrian stopped in front of her and grabbed her hair tightly. When she hissed in pain, he sneered at her. 
“Faith Pierce, it appears that you are not as faithful as your name. 
###Alpha 234
Faith Pierce was Natalia’s adoptive paternal cousin. She was two years older than Natalia. 
When Adrian got married to Natalia, his father sent Natalia’s whole family money as a matrimonial gift so that they could live a peaceful life. So Faith was living a luxurious life despite the fact that Natalia had divorced Adrian and fled the pack. 
“W–What did I d–do?” she asked with trembling lips. 
Her legs were shaking as she could not bear the power that was radiating from Adrian. Her heartbeat was beating faster, as if she were in front of her death. 
“What did you do? Recall every single sin you have committed in your life.” 
Adrian released her hair and turned around to his house. “Bring her inside. I have a lot of time tonight to listen to her.” 
The woman came running over to Adrian as he unlocked his house. Even with her hands locked behind her, she collapsed to her knees next to Adrian, brushing her head against his leg. 
“I don’t know why you brought me here, but please let me go. I never thought to offend you, my Alpha.” 
When Adrian heard her, his hand paused on the doorknob, and hist eyes started to darken in a way that they had never done before. 
“You didn’t offend me?” 
He turned his head and looked down at her. The darkness that was present within his eyes caused her eyes to widen. 
Until Natalia got married to him, she had never met this man before. 
But during that time, he only appeared aggressive and did not take 
any action, which led others to believe that he was cruel instead. 
Later, when Natalia divorced him and he became the head Alpha, news about his ruthlessness only began to spread continuously. Every single day, people read in the news about their alpha’s cruel encounter with someone who disobeyed him. 
Even though this man was handsome enough to mesmerize any woman, no one dared to approach him in fear of death. 
People in the Crystal Blood Pack used to say that he was incredibly. devoted to his girlfriend; despite his frequent club visits, he never came out with a woman. Nobody had witnessed him enter a hotel or go to a private room with a woman, either. 
It was common for head alphas in other packs to have mistresses, but this man did not like to sleep with other women. 
People would have assumed that he had a sexual problem, which is why no other women could seduce him in clubs, but everyone knew how he was in the past. 
He used to sleep with different women until he got married, and everything changed in one night. 
So people could only guess that he really loved his girlfriend, Lynda. 
“If… if I somehow offended you unknowingly, p–please forgive me,” she said while lowering her head. 
The tears began to fall down her cheeks. She begged him to let her go. 
Adrian glared at her and replied, 
“You dared to hurt my woman; how can I let you go?” 
She slowly raised her head as if she understood who he was talking about. 
Because of her fear, her heart stopped beating, and she was unable to take a breath. It baffled her that even after their nearly six–year divorce, he still referred to Natalia as his woman. 
Then, like an arrow driving into her hea, she heard his deep and sharp voice. 
“Because of you, I have been misunderstanding her for so many years. You have no idea what I am going to do with you. 
D 
? 
SUPPENT noveldrama
###Alpha 235
SUPPENT 
Adrian entered his house. Faith’s loud cries could be heard behind him, coming from outside the house. 
She did not want to enter, but Theta Emon told the guards to bring her inside forcefully. 
All the officials followed Adrian inside the house. Adrian threw his suit jacket on the couch and opened two buttons on his shirt. 
He strolled over to the bar in the living room and made a drink for himself. 
“You seem to be in a good mood,” Beta Patric muttered as he looked at him. 
Adrian’s lips curled into a grin. “Of course, I am.” 
“When I was on my way here, I thought Alpha would be in a bad mood. But you look relaxed,” Gamma said. 
Adrian cast a glance at Faith, who was crying on the floor near the couch. 
“You are all aware of how much I enjoy punishing people. It had been a long time since I had felt such maniac pleasure.” 
Holding a drink in his hand, Adrian walked over to the couch. 
Like a king himself, he sat down on the couch, crossing his legs. His one hand was resting on the headrest, while his other was holding the wine glass. 
Slowly yet smoothly, He swirled the drink around the glass, then tasted it. 
He glanced at his officials, who were leaning against the bar counter. “What did you discover about her?” 
“Alpha, she is unmarried. She had a boyfriend, and he was a pack fighter,” Gamma Benjamin stated. 
Delta Julian shook his head in disagreement and said, 
“But nowadays, she likes to sleep with rich young men. She bought luxury brand clothing and accessories with the money she earned from spending nights with them.” 
Theta Emon was silent. His only job was to ca not dig into her private life. 
to ca 
h this 
h this woman. He did 
Meanwhile, Beta Patric made four drinks for them and placed them on the counter while listening to the conversations. 
“It looks like this woman is a bitch,” he said while sipping his drink. 
Faith shook her head while sobbing. “No. It’s not true. T–They are all the sons of powerful men, and I could not say no to them because I was afraid of my life. They forced me to sleep with them.” 
Adrian raised a brow and asked, 
“Just like how you forced your cousin to sleep with me?” 
Faith felt shocked and thought that Adrian was misunderstanding her. She could not help but let out, 
“No, I didn’t want to send her to your room.” noveldrama
“How can I believe it?” Adrian played with her. He wanted to know the truth from her. 
Faith did not know Adrian was aware of the whole truth. So she pretended to be innocent. 
“S–She was the one wh-” 
“Don’t waste our time just because Alpha said he has time. Just spill the bean and die,” Gamma Benjamin said it with anger and was 
about to go to her. 
Adrian raised his hand to stop Benjamin. “Relax, Benjamin. Let her have her time. I have prepared a gift for her. Let her enjoy that first. 
Faith was confused. But then she noticed the guards looking at the 
main door. 
The moment she turned her head, she was shocked. 
An old man entered the house with two guards. It was the same person to whom she had sold Natalia many years ago. 
“Y–You!” 
Adrian laughed and took a swig from his drink. He glanced at his guards, who were standing next to Faith and ordered them. 
Prepare the best room for her. She is going to spend the night with this lucky man. I sold her to him just like she sold her cousin to him years ago.” 
CON BUNDLE: get more free bonus 
###Alpha 236
Faith’s whole body shook in terror. She immediately bowed her head to the floor while shaking it. 
“No, I don’t want to do anything with this old man. Please don’t do this to me.” 
“What are you afraid of? He won’t eat you alive,” Adrian said. 
“Please, Alpha, forgive me. Don’t disgrace m ike this.” 
“Disgrace? Why is it disgraceful to you? Is that because he is old?” Adrian pretended as if he were unable to comprehend what she was saying. 
He turned his attention to the old man and saw the terrified expression on his face. 
Adrian fixed his gaze on his, his jaw tightening. The video clip was brought back to his mind. He recalled how Natalia was looking afraid after meeting this man. She cried and begged this man to let her go, but he did not budge. Instead, he instructed the guards to bring her inside the room. 
If Natalia had not dared to run from there, this man would have raped her that night.. 
The old man was standing like a statue. Though he got an offer with a large sum of money from Adrian, he did not dare look into his eyes. 
After all, in this world, age does not matter, only power does. 
“Why are you standing here? Do what I said right now,” Adrian. yelled at the guards. 
Everyone flinched at his yell. The two guards immediately rushed to prepare a room just like Adrian had ordered them. 
Even though the old man had aged over the course of his life, his 
-15–BONUS 
eyes lit up with lust when he glanced at Faith. He let out the tip of his tongue to lick his lips. 
He was a businessman who used to purchase young girls for one night. 
However, after Adrian became the head Alpha, he stopped women trafficking. So it was difficult for him to get a young woman like Faith these days. 
The desire that he felt within him was growi, and he started to wonder why Adrian was suddenly so content with him. 
Little did he know that the young girl he had purchased years ago was Alpha’s woman. 
Faith broke down in tears. She sat up and moved closer to Adrian. 
“Alpha, please don’t do this to me. I am feeling disgusted just looking at that old man.” 
Adrian lowered himself to meet her weeping eyes. 
Faith, on the other hand, began to plan something in her head. When she saw Adrian leaning down, she thought to seduce the man. 
It would be her luck if she could seduce him. She had never heard him kill a woman. At least she could give it a shot. She recalled him calling her attractive in front of Lynda. 
Since her hands were locked behind her, she moved her head toward Adrian’s thigh. She brushed her chin on his thigh while looking at him. 
“Don’t waste my beauty. This body is worth far more than you think of it.” noveldrama
There were gasps coming from all around her, but she did not give a damn about them. This was her one and only chance to save herself from that nasty old man. 
She smiled seductively when Adrian did not push her. However, she immediately moved her head when his eyes turned red. 
Before she could understand anything, a loud scream came out of 
her mouth. 
Adrian kicked her chest with his boot, causing her body to move far away from him. 
He growled at her while his eyes were blazing with the intensity of fire. 
“How dare you touch me?” 
###Alpha 237
Faith felt like one of the bones in her chest was broken. She 
screamed loudly while lying on the floor. She could not even touch. her chest because of her locked hands. 
The guards who went to the room returned to the living room. 
“Alpha, everything is ready.” 
Adrian’s eyes were pierced on Faith. He only nodded his head in 
response. 
“Alpha, should we take her to the room?” 
Adrian turned his gaze to the guards, who immediately bowed their heads. 
“No need for that. She will go into that room by herself.” 
Faith looked at Adrian when he stood up from the couch. His tall body towered over her as if he were a god, and she was a worshiper. 
“I–I will not go- 
Π 
Gamma Benjamin could not control himself and rushed over to the woman. He grabbed her hair and pulled her up to her feet. 
“If my Alpha told you to go to that room, you would only have to bow and obey him.” 
His angry voice echoed in the living room. Adrian looked at Gamma Benjamin. 
Of all of his officials, this one was quite aggressive. If he did not control him and freed him in a forest, he would demolish everything in front of him. 
Before him, Natalia’s father was the gamma of this pack. He wanted one of his relatives to become the next Gamma. But Adrian opposed noveldrama
the proposal when his eyes fell on a pack fighter who had more potential than any other warrior. He trained him himself and made him who he wanted him to be. 
When Adrian approached Faith, Benjamin took a step back. “I’m. sorry, Alpha. I could not control myself when she disobeyed you.” 
Adrian patted his shoulder. Benjamin lowered his head in response. 
Faith was shaking in fear. The pain in her chest was making her feel like dying. 
“I–I don’t want to-” 
SLAP! 
Adrian slapped her cheek. Her head turned to the other side, and the corner of her lips broke. Blood was rushing out of there. 
“Didn’t you slap her like this when she disagreed? Who gave you the audacity to touch her?” 
Faith could not be more shocked. Adrian was treating her in the same way that she had treated Natalia. 
The old man was so terrified that he nearly collapsed. He realized that Adrian was taking revenge on Faith. It was then that he finally realized which girl Adrian was referring to. 
Adrian looked at him and said, 
“Go to that room and wait for her. If you dare to show any sympathy for her, I will chop off your that oldie manhood and feed it to the street dogs.” 
The man hurriedly weht to the room in fear while lowering his head. He knew Adrian was capable of doing whatever he wanted. 
Meanwhile, Faith looked at Adrian with pain and tears. “Forgive me, Alpha. I shouldn’t have done that to Natalia.” 
“Will you go there by yourself, or vell order my guards to strip you and let the old man devour you right here?” 
Faith had no choice but to go to that room to that old man. 
Adrian watched Faith go to the room. He forced her to go to that old man in the same way she forced Natalia to go to the hotel room. 
His eyes glowed dark and cold. They were so sharp and icy that he could kill someone with a single glance. 
Keep your cool, Adrian.” 
Patric’s voice reached his ears. He ignored it and proceeded to the tea table near the couch. He chugged down the whole glass of wine to calm himself. 
“That one mistake is now weighing heavily on me.” 
E 
###Alpha 238
“Aaahh!” 
Loud and painful screams of Faith came out of the room. Everyone in the living room was completely silent. 
Adrian was seated on the couch. As he was drinking, his face was expressionless. 
However, his eyes only get darker with each scream. The guards, who were standing in the room, kept glancing at him. 
Adrian gulped the drink while thinking that if that day he had not grabbed Natalia and dragged her into his room, that old man would have done this to her or maybe more than what he was doing to Faith. 
He was only getting angry. 
After a while, the screams stopped. 
Patric glanced at the clock and laughed. “That’s the end? That oldie really had no juice left inside him. But at this age, he still desires to touch young bodies.” 
Gamma Benjamin looked at Patric and asked, 
“What about that bitch? She screamed like she was a pure virgin, as if she had never slept with rich men for money.” 
Delta Julian and Theta Emon exchanged glances. They turned to Benjamin. Theta Emon could not help but ask, 
“Why are you so mad at that woman? By any chance, you had a crush on her?” 
“That woman does not even deserve to be my maid. Crush my foot! She cheated on his boyfriend. He was a good fighter. But after learning her truth, he had become a loser now. That bitch changed 
his life for the worse.” 
Theta Emon laughed while shaking his head. 
Meanwhile, Adrian was listening to them. He did not utter a single word. 
After a few minutes, the old man came out of the room with full clothes. He had a big grin on his face, as though he had gotten his youth back. 
He came in Adrian’s direction and stood a distance way from him.. He bowed to Adrian. 
Adrian shifted his gaze to him. “Did you enjoy it?” 
The man nodded his head. He looked tired. But he did not want to show that to the head Alpha. 
“Thank you so much, Alpha. You let me taste a young body, and at the same time, you were the one who offered me money. I guess this is her punishment for offending you. She deserved to be fucked lifelessly.” 
Adrian smirked at him. This old guy was really a perverted man. After using that woman, he was talking like that about her. No wonder this man was connected to women trafficking. noveldrama
“Bring her here. Don’t dare touch or look at her body,” Adrian ordered his guards. 
While lowering their heads, they went into the room. Almost as if they were afraid that Adrian would have doubts about them, they came back to the living room in a minute. 
They brought faith with them. Her body was wrapped in a quilt. Her whole body was shaking from what had just happened to her. 
The guards pushed her and she fell to the ground. The quilt moved away from her upper body, exposing her half–chest. She 
immediately covered it, as if she felt disgusted by her own body now. 
The old man gave her a quick glance before returning his attention back to Adrian. 
“Alpha, please allow me to leave now.” 
He quickly turned to leave, but froze when Adrian spoke up. 
“Where are you going? I am not done with you yet.” 
###Alpha 239
The old man slowly turned around and said, 
“1-1 am going back t–to my home. My wife is waiting for me.” 
Adrian chuckled as he lifted his hand. 
One of the guards, who was standing behind the couch, pulled out a gun and handed it to Adrian.. 
“The money I gave you was the compensation to your wife for your life.” 
“W–What do you mean?” 
The man’s blood drained from his face in fear. Adrian pulled the trigger and pointed the gun at the man’s chest. 
His smirk vanished as his eyes glowed red. The man came dangerously close to having a heart attack. noveldrama
“You dared to purchase my woman for a night. Who knows how many girls ended up trapped like that? That night, she begged you to leave her, but you didn’t listen to her and sent the guards after her so that you could ruin that innocent girl’s life.” 
The man got down on his knees and joined his hands together in front of him. 
“Forgive this naive man. I didn’t know it was your woman.” 
Adrian looked at his officials and asked, 
“Didn’t people refer to me as a merciless man?” 
Theta Emon nodded his head. “Yes, Alpha.” 
Adrian smirked and replied, 
“Then I should give them another reason to keep calling me that.” 
Just as he finished speaking, he changed his target from the old man’s chest to his lower body. 
Before anyone could understand anything, Adrian shot the old man’s manhood. 
The old man screamed in pain. His body fell to the flou.. Adrian’s smirk did not leave his lips. His mind was at ease. The man who dared to even think about touching his woman got what he deserved. 
Faith’s eyes widened in shock. She had just realized how dangerous Alpha Adrian wa 
His dominance was the topic of the walls of power. All the pack members liked to gossip about their head Alpha. She had heard a lot about his cruel nature. However, today, she witnessed it with her 
own eyes. 
“The lady with a body worth billions of dollars. 
Adrian’s voice reached her ear. She slowly turned to him with wide 
eyes. 
“I–I not worthy of a anything P–Please don’t kill me 
Adrian’s expression turned dark. Why did you do that? Who gave you the audacity to sell her?” 
His question shuddered her inside. She had already lost her self respect by letting that old man use her body. She did not need to be concerned about her safety anymore. 
“You divorced Natalia years ago. Why do you still care for her? You even broke up with your girlfriend and refused to sleep with her. Why? Can’t she seduce you?” 
The officials all straightened up, believing that she was making Adrian more irate. 
Adrian shot her a cold look and answered, 
“I only belong to my woman. No other woman has the ability to seduce me.” 
Faith gulped in terror. He was a man of loyalty like none she had 
ever seen. 
All the officials stared at Adrian. They were surprised, too. That was the first time that they had ever heard something like that from Adrian. It was as if he had never shown this side of himself to anyone. 
Adrian aimed the gun at Faith and uttered, 
“Spill the truth, or I will pierce all the bullets in your skull.” 
Faith shook her head. “I don’t kno–Aaahh!” 
Adrian fired a shot at her hand. The maroon–colored quilt became soaked in blood as the pool of blood rushed out of her hand. 
“It’s not a movie where he will give you time to think and plan in your head. Our Alpha doesn’t have much patience,” Beta Patric said to Faith with anger. 
Faith cried aloud, but no one came to help her wounded hand. She glanced at the dead body of the old man lying on the floor in a pool of blood, and she thought she was also going to die. 
“G–Gamma Jeremy…” 
Faith passed out in pain. Adrian frowned at her unconscious body. Patric spoke out in confusion. 
“Gamma Jeremy? Isn’t he Natalia’s adoptive father? What did she mean by taking his name?” 
###Alpha 240
Natalia’s POV 
It had been two days since I had last seen Max. I had been noveldrama
considering my choice for the past two days. I had to get somewhere today. I could not hang anyone anymore. 
I had spent a lot of time thinking about it. Eric’s suggestion also crossed my mind. 
I realized that I needed to take a step forward in life. How long would I live like a woman who had no one to be with? 
Max was not wrong when he asked for a chance from me. Though his way of asking was not right, his intention towards me was clear. It was noon, and I was working at the Moon Lovers Coffee Shop. 
“Are you going somewhere?” One of the waitresses asked me. 
It was break time for lunch. So, the ‘closed‘ tag was pulled outside the door. Every employee was seated at the tables to eat their lunch. “Yeah. I need to catch up with a friend,” I replied to the waitresses. 
Laiana did not come to the coffee shop today. She went to visit her family and would return after one week. 
Before leaving, she delegated responsibility to me and told me to keep an eye on the shop. 
I was happy that she trusted me so much. However, I felt pressure on myself when I saw how difficult it was. I needed to supervise the waitress, and at the same time, I had to check the customers‘ tastes to see if they liked the coffee in our shop. 
I could not forget Alpha Adrian’s coffee. Every day, I had to prepare it for him and send his coffee to his compa 
“Are you going to meet Alpha?” 
I paused when I heard another waitress, I turned to her and frowned at her. 
“Why do you think so?” 
She shook her head immediately. “Don’t misunderstand me. I was just saying that because the other day you said the he was your old friend. You are so lucky that our head Alpha is your friend.” 
I ignored the girl and walked out of the shop after locking the locker. I had witnessed female customers talking about him a lot in my coffee shop. It was like the young girls fancy old guys. 
Though Adrian was not old, he was in his late twenties now. But he was quite senior to the girls. No matter what rumors he spread, girls never stopped liking him. 
It only took him two days to shut everyone’s mouth from calling him a cheater. Or, I could say, no one dared to raise their tongue. against him. 
1 hailed a cab and went to the hotel where Max was staying. 
When I arrived at the hotel, I was surprised to see Max outside. 
He was standing beside a car. I watched some men stuffing bags into 
the car’s trunk. 
“Stop the car.” 
I hurriedly paid the driver and rushed out of the cab. 
Max noticed me and took off his sunglasses. 
“Natalia?” 
I walked to him while observing his surprised look. He thought I would never contact him. 
“Where are you going?” Lasked, glancing at the car’s trunks He leaned his back against the car ajud replied, 
“As I told you, I am leaving today.” 
1 tightened my fist. I came here to stop him, but he was already leaving 
“But what about my brother?” I asked him. 
He shook his head. “I am sorry, I can’t help you with it. You know what I told you. For me, Alpha Jason is just another patient. But it you can, you ” 
I interrupted him and said, 
“I accept your com 
###Alpha 241
Max was frozen when he heard me. His brows lifted, but then his eyes filled with smiles. 
“What did you just say?” 
“I accept your condition.” 
He shook his head in denial as if he did not ask me that. 
I sighed and lowered my head. 
“I will be your girlfriend.” 
Max took a brief pause and asked, 
“Are you saying that because I pressured you for your brother?” 
“No. I thought about it a lot and made the decision to give my life a chance.” noveldrama
Max kept quiet, which caused me to raise my head to look at him. 
However, the moment I raised my head, he pulled me into his embrace. 
I was shocked by the sudden closeness. His arms tightly wrapped around me while embracing me. 
My hands were frozen in the air. My mind was not processing whether or not to hug him back. 
My wolf was not happy that some other wolf was touching me. I closed my eyes tightly and hugged Max back. 
Since I had decided to be with him, I had to fight back my inner wolf and accept him wholeheartedly. 
“I thought you were so stubborn that you would not come to me. But if you had not come today, I still would have returned to this pack in 
a few days. 
I broke the hug and looked at him. “What did you mean?” 
He looked away from me and rubbed his neck. “Actually, I lied.” 
My eyes widened. “What did you just say? You lied?” 
His eyes shifted back to my face. As if his eyes were observing me, chuckled at me. 
“Did you think of me as a cruel man? I was just trying my luck. I would have come back to treat your brother anyway.” 
I got mad at him. I hit his arm, which caused him to groan. 
he 
“How could I forget that my soon–to–be girlfriend is an Alpha?” he said, rubbing his arm. 
I laughed as his words eased my anger. He genuinely cared about me and considered returning to save my brother, even if I had declined his offer. 
I noticed that the way he spoke had changed. He no longer sounded professional. Instead, his tone became more relaxed and soft. 
He turned to the men and told them, 
“Cancel the checkout process. I am not going anywhere.” 
I let out a deep breath of relief. I could not wait to see my brother return to health. 
“Max,” I muttered. 
“Don’t tell me you have changed your mind after listening to me.” 
I shook my head. “I know the value of words. I will never go backward after taking a step forward.” 
Max smiled at me. He opened the car’s back door for me and said, 
ay’s vehh together” 
I thought for a moment before getting into the car. I looked at him 
and asked, 
“Can you please treat Eric as well?” 
After hearing me, Max’s expression changed. “Didn’t he want to marry you?” 
1 parted my lips, thinking that he would disagree with helping Eric. 
Max, he is not only my brother’s beta but also my family member. He has a mate now. He no longer has any feelings for me. He almost lost his life for my brother. I can’t let him die.” 
I felt terrible for Eric. I had a soft spot for him as my close friend. We had been together for so many years. How could I watch him die in front of me? 
Max took a hold of my hand and replied, “I will help him too, but only for you.” 
These physical interactions were unfamiliar to me. I glanced at our hands and thought, 
‘Is this man truly here to change my life?” 
COMMONS 
###Alpha 242
Max said he would take me to his favorite restaurant in this pack. 
He never failed to cast a glance in my direction throughout the entire ride. I was able to sense his gaze. He looked excited. 
I blushed because he was trying to find some topic to talk about with me. I could not deny myself that I really like this man. His personality as Doctor Max was appealing to me. He was someone I had always heard a lot about. He was a kind man who always liked to help others and make new cures for unknown diseases. 
Now, it was time to know him as Max Harrison. 
I was well aware that allowing a man into my life would not be easy for me. But at this point, I was adamant about moving on. 
I vowed that I would never again look back at my past. Since I gave this man a chance, I would never do the same to him as what my past had done to me. 
The car stopped in front of a five–star restaurant. Max’s driver got out of the car and opened the door for him. I got out of the car without waiting for others to open the door for me. 
I was not the princess anymore. So, I did not need the treatment. I was used to this ordinary life now. 
Max approached me, and we went to the restaurant together. 
The door to the restaurant was being opened by a group of young men at the time that we were proceeding inside. They looked like the rich brats of some wealthy businessmen. The way they
walked so recklessly could explain that. 
I was about to enter when one of the boys pushed me with his shoulder. I was on the verge of falling when Max held me in his 
arms. 
“Upps, sorry, dear,” the boy said with a laugh and walked past me. His friends were also laughing when they heard him. 
“Don’t you have any manners? Or do you want me to complain to your father? Could it be that he is Professor Williamson?” 
The boy’s eyes widened as he shifted his gaze Max. 
“Sorry, ma–Oh, Doctor Max!” 
The boy immediately lowered his head in embarrassment and muttered, 
“Sorry, sir. Don’t complain to my dad.” 
The other boys looked equally stunned as they recognized Max. 
Max ignored them and stepped inside the restaurant. His hands were still encircling around my shoulder. 
I slowly turned my head toward him. He was not only handsome but also charming. He was calm yet powerful. 
The way he protected me on the road and just a few moments ago too made me feel good. 
I bit my bottom lip and lowered my head without saying a word. noveldrama
I was not used to being with a man like that. I had never dated anyone in my life, so I had no idea how the relationship worked. The marriage I wanted to succeed in broke me completely, and I could never give anyone a chance. 
Max walked over to the reception counter and asked for a table. 
When we approached,the table, Max pulled a chair for me. I smiled at him and sat down on the chair. 
“Thank you.” 
His small yet gentle gestures were grabbing my heart. 
We ordered food, then talked about my brother’s health. We spent quite some time in the restaurant. 
When I glanced at the watch, I was shocked. 
“Oh no! I have to return to the coffee shop.” 
He nodded at me and said, 
“I will drop you there.” 
I could not refuse him and replied, “Okay.” 
When we arrived at the Moon Lovers coffee shop, I thanked him and was about to exit his car. 
But his voice stopped me. 
“Natalia.” 
I turned to him and asked, 
“Yes?” 
“I received the invitation to your kids‘ birthday celebration. I want you to join me. Would you join me at the party as my partner?” 
D S 
###Chapter 243
Adrian's POV
I was occupied with my work. The last two days, I was quite calm because I did something that eased my mind. Now, I could focus on my work on my company, and on the pack business.
I was building an empire that was too high, and I wondered whether or not my son would be able to carry it off perfectly in the future.
All I could do was shake my head as I thought about Noah. That young boy continued to hold a deep-seated hatred for me, as if I were not his father.
Aria recently began talking to me again, which made me happy. But what would I do with Noah? No matter what, he buried hatred for me in his heart.
His blue eyes came to mind. He inherited those wonderful blue eyes from his mother.
When I was sitting in my chair, I closed my eyes and leaned back against it. Natalia's blue eyes hunted me down again. Even for a brief moment, I was unable to get her out of my heart. She was always with me in my mind.
I could not help but wonder if she was having the same thoughts as I was.
I did not want to approach her until I found the true culprit who was responsible for everything that had happened in the past.
Faith was currently undergoing treatment at the pack hospital. I told Harold to look after her. He was surprised to see Faith in that state and asked who she was. But I did not tell him about her family. I did not want anyone to show sympathy to her and call her family to take her away.
Harold informed me that Faith was not in good condition.
Due to the fact that the bullet in her hand came dangerously close to touching the blood line that was connected to her head, it caused her temporary memory loss. However, he assured me that he would do everything in his power to assist her in regaining her memories.
My eyes opened when my phone began to ring. It got some notifications.
I grabbed my phone and unlocked it. I was calmly checking the emails and messages until my eyes paused on a few notifications.
They were from social media, and Natalia's name was in the headlines.
I immediately clicked on one of the posts.
As soon as the post appeared in front of my eyes, I froze.
There were so many photos of Natalia and Doctor Max that went viral. He was hugging her on the road, going inside a restaurant together, and talking to each other with smiles.
I stared at his hand, which was holding Natalia. My sight dimmed, and I could only feel darkness embracing my mind.noveldrama
My gaze then shifted to the post's headline.
"Alpha Adrian's ex-wife, also known as Princess of the Blue Blood Pack, has found her true love. She is now with the powerful healer, Max Harrison."
###Alpha 244
I threw the phone away as I rose from the chair. I did not believe th bullshit. Still, my thoughts lingered on the photos I had just seen, 
I grabbed my suit jacket and left the cabin. 
All the employees outside my cabin stood up hurriedly when the saw ine. I ignored them when they bowed to me. 
“Alpha, your meeting…” 
I heard my secretary behind me. I paused and turned around to loc 
at him. 
His eyes widened as if he had seen something terrifying. Just looking into my eyes caused his whole body to shake. 
“Cancel it.” 
He bowed after nodding at me. When I turned around and headed fo the elevator, I heard my secretary’s voice again. 
“Hurry up and get Alpha’s car out.” 
He had called my driver and informed him about me. 
When I arrived on the ground floor, I noticed that the entire lobby area was completely silent. They were conscious of my presence. Sometimes, I felt bored with that kind of treatment. However, if I could not control everyone around me, they would stop obeying me 
I 
the company and found my car outside. I walked to the car, noticing my driver had come out of it. 
“Alpha.” 
He opened the back door for me and I got inside. 
As soon as he was inside the car 
“To the Moon Lovers coffee shop.” noveldrama
He was puzzled for a moment. I looked in the rearview mirror and glared at him. 
He swallowed his breath, and as if he remembered the address, he started the car right away. 
I turned my head to the window. I fixed my eyes on the passing landscape. 
1 I tried to be calm, but my mind was messing with me, making me feel like shifting and destroying everything around me. 
realized I had thrown my phone at the office when I reached into. my pants pocket. I closed my eyes in anger. 
I was about to order my men to close the business that had the audacity to publish such things. 
“Nonsense,” I muttered. 
But why did that woman let another man touch her? Why didn’t she just stay away from him? 
I glanced at my driver, who kept his eyes fixed on the road. 
“Give me your phone.” 
“Y–Yes, Alpha.” 
He immediately handed me his phone. I snatched it from him, as I had no patience right now. 
I dialed Patric’s number. He did not receive the call. 
“Receive the fucking call.” 
After a few rings, he got the call. “What took place?” 
He assumed I was the driver. I clenched my jaw and spoke, 
“Sue all of the companies that showed me their audacity.‘ 
“Adrian? What are you talking about? And where is your phone? Why did you call me from your driver’s number?” 
The fire that was burning inside me was fueled by his nonstop questions. 
“Do the hell I’m saying if you don’t want any destruction.” 
“Okay, let me see. Calm down.” 
I cut off the call and threw the phone into the passenger seat next to the driver. 
I turned my attention back to the window while muttering, 
“How can I be calm after seeing my woman in another man’s arms?” 
###Alpha 245
Natalia’s POV 
I was taking orders while standing behind the counter, I kept glancing at the clock. I would have to close the shop soon. 
Max said he would come to check on my brother tonight. He also said he would speak with my father and check on Eric’s health. 
I was feeling tired. After I got back to the shop, I worked without stopping for four hours. It was a pleasure to meet with Maz to 
His gentle behavior really captured my heart. I recalled how he helped me when I was drunk in my pack. I could not forget that was also drunk when he first came into this shop. 
His first sentence after meeting me in this pack was that he had been searching for me. 
Now I knew why he was looking at me. He liked me. 
But did I like him? 
People around me kept telling me that I had a crush on him. But ho true was it? 
I bit my bottom lip as I remembered what I said to him when he asked me to attend my children’s birthday party with him. 
I said yes. 
I agreed to join him. I would be there with him. I wanted my babies to meet him. If they liked him, then it would be the best. I wanted to Introduce him to them as well. 
As I was in my own thoughts, I heard the sounds of a bell ringing. I glanced at the glass door, thinking a new customer had entered the shop. 
But my eyes froze when I saw the person entering the shop. 
1 frowned at him. ‘What is he doing here?” 
His eyes were bloodshot. His gaze met mine, I was surprised to see him glaring at me, 
What did he think of himself? What was he even doing there? 
I shifted my gaze to the customers who turned their heads to look at him. 
I thought he would come over the counter to approach me and create a scene like last time. But instead of that, he walked to a table and sat down on a chair. 
The customers focused back on what they were doing, not realizing that their head Alpha was present among them. noveldrama
“Alpha is here!” 
I heard the voices of the other waitresses. I turned to them and said, 
“Focus on your work,” 
“Natalia, he must come here to meet you.” 
I raised my brows. “Can’t you just pay attention to your work?” 
The waitress lowered her head when I scolded her. I sighed when I realized that I was kind of rude to her. 
The other waitresses also looked upset. I shook my head and said, 
“I’m sorry. Please ignore him and do your job. He is our customer and he likes our coffee. That’s the reason we sent him the coffee to his company every day. Maybe he wants more; that’s why he is here. 
I tried to make them understand that there was nothing between me 
and that man. 
Those waitresses were quite young. They began to argue over who would approach him and take orders. 
I could not help but shake my head in disappointment at their unprofessional behavior. 
I ignored their argument and walked to the table. 
I placed the menu on the table and greeted him coldly. 
“Alpha Adrian.” 
###Alpha 246
Adrian did not raise his head to look at me, as if he were hiding something from me. Wasn’t he glaring at me a while ago? 
Since he was not looking at me, I turned away from him and pushed the menu toward him. 
“I am here to take your order, Alpha. Please let ine know what you would like to order.” 
He remained silent for a while, which made my fists tighten. This man came to irritate me at work. 
Otherwise, out of so many lavish coffee shops, why would he come here? 
“Excuse me? Are you listening to me?” 
His silence was annoying. So I turned around to leave him on his 
Own. 
However, he spoke out with an angry tone. 
“Where were you today?” 
I turned to face him and was stunned when my eyes met his. 
I could see he was not in a good mood. But his question ruined my 
mood as well. 
“And what is…” I paused and glanced at others to see if I was being a little loud. 
I spoke in a low tone once I was certain that everyone was busy on their own. 
“And what is it with you?” 
“I asked you something. Don’t twist my question.” 
1 scoffed at him. “Don’t show me this attitude. Maybe this pack is yours, but this coffee shop is mine right now.” 
“Oh really?” 
His question made me blink my eyes. I shrugged my shoulders and averted my gaze from him. 
“I meant not mine. But not yours, either. This is my boss’s property, and she has given me the responsibility. So, until she returns, I will decide who can and can not stay here.” 
“So you want to throw me out of the coffee shop so that I can shut down the shop tomorrow?” he asked, crossing his arms across hist chest. noveldrama
I was dumbfounded. Did he just dare to warn me? 
“You!” 
“What is going on between you and that healer?” He asked directly. in a cold tone. 
“What?” 
I could not understand why he was asking that until he spoke out again. 
“You don’t care what others say about you, do you? Go see what fake news is spreading about you on the internet.” 
I frowned at him. “What fake news?” 
He did not respond, as if the issue was no longer important. He grabbed the menu and looked through it. 
As a waitress, my only option was to wait for him. While I waited, I patted down on the ground. 
“Bad habit,” he muttered without looking at me. 
I lowered my head and stopped tapping my foot. I sneered at him and mumbled, 
“Look who’s talking. The man who always smokes like a crazy man is telling me about bad habits.” 
He lifted his gaze at me and raised a brow. 
“Excuse me? Did you just say something?” 
I smiled at him mockingly. “No, Alpha. Please order fast. You are not the only customer here.” 
“Espresso,” he ordered, giving me back the menu card. 
I snatched the menu from him and turned around to go to the 
counter. 
When I went behind the counter, one of the girls asked, “What did he order?” 
I rolled my eyes at the popular Alpha’s fangirls and replied, 
“Bitter espresso for a bitter man.” 
? 
###Alpha 247
Third POV 
“Wow! He likes espresso!” noveldrama
Natalia was surprised by the girls‘ apparent admiration for the coffee. If Adrian ordered poison, they might apprecia 
For once, she had the idea to mix the poison into coffee. 
it as well. 
‘He would have died at such a young age. I wish I could do that,‘ she thought while glancing at him. 
On the other hand, 
Adrian was gazing out the window. 
When he entered the cafe a while ago, he was angry at Natalia. He then sat at a table and stared at her for a long time. All of his anger eased just looking at her.. 
He recalled how he spread rumors on the internet a few days ago. He assumed someone would have done the same with her this time. 
He believed Natalia could not do that. She could only blackmail him and not give another man any place in her heart. 
He had already insulted her a lot when he thought Noah and Aria were another man’s children. This time, he would not make the same mistake. 
When she came to take his order herself, he was able to smell her scent, which relieved the tension in his mind. His eyes were drawn to her, and he wanted to keep looking at her for a long time. 
So many thoughts arose in his head, but he could not let the woman know about them. He did not want her to feel uncomfortable around him. 
Thecroce, he decided to let it go and talk to her in a calm manner. 
While looking outside at the road, he was thinking something 
The sound of someone placing a cup on the table reached his ears. 
Secured his head and same Natalia looking at him. He glanced at the coffee and Sted. 
“Did you make it 
She folded her hands and replied, 
by Elseryes, won’t you drink it?” 
He had his hand and rolled his finger over the rim of the cup. 
“What if you poisoned the coffee?” 
Natalia let out a chuckle after hearing him. Adrian’s gaze stopped on ber face. 
The finger that was stirring around the cup’s rim paused. He curled his fingers and tightened his hands into a ball. 
His gaze lingered on her face. 
Though no one could see his emotions from the outside, he was completely immersed in her. 
He wanted to pull her into his lap and tell her she could laugh at him all she wanted, but she should never let another man touch her 
again 
You are right. I mixed poison into it. Take my advice and don’t drink it,” she replied. 
Natalia waited for his response, but he stood there motionless. So she pressed her palms on the table and leaned down while looking at 
him. 
“Trust me. The woman who can try to rip your heart out of your chest twice can also put poison in your drink.” 
Adrian grinned as he heard her. He gave a slight nod of his head and then reached for the cup. 
While he was looking into her eyes, he took a sip of the coffee. 
Natalia was taken aback when she saw he was drinking the coffee. 
But she was shocked when he smirked and said, 
“Even the poison tastes sweet in your hands.” 
###Alpha 248
Natalia stood up straight. Her face turned colder as she glared at the man sitting in front of her. 
“I wish I could poison you. I wish I could kill you,” she said, gritting her teeth. noveldrama
Adrian fixed his gaze on the hate–filled, flaming eyes. A stab went through his heart. It was a feeling that he cou not describe. 
“Alpha, please drink your coffee quickly and leave the coffee shop as soon as possible,” she said mockingly before leaving the table. 
She looked at the waitresses and said, 
“If you don’t focus on your work and keep glancing at that man again, I will fire you all.” 
Natalia, who once ruled the business world, suddenly reflected on herself. No matter how hard she tried, she could not separate her personality from herself. 
She was once a strong woman who dealt a lot of head alphas. She had no concern about losing anything now. She was only working here to avoid one man. But now that man had come in to irritate her, it had completely ruined her mind. 
Adrian sipped his espresso and took a deep breath. His eyes were fixed on Natalia. 
He observed how she was talking with the employees like a powerful lady. His gaze did not move from her face as he watched her every 
movement. 
Natalia pulled her hair into a messy bun. The two hair strands twirled around her face, disturbing her. 
He imagined himself going to her and slowly tucking them behind 
her ears. He wanted to stare at her for the whole day. 
A frown formed in his face when she talked to the male customers with a smile on her face. 
He could see how those customers tried to flirt with her. 
He tried to keep calm. However, he wanted to go and punch those men’s faces. 
‘How dare they flirt with her?” 
Meanwhile, 
Natalia cast a quick glance at the time. It was time to close the shop. She tried but was unable to close the shop before closing time. 
She packed everything. The waitress said goodbye to her. She went into the dressing room to place the apron inside. 
She assumed everyone had left the shop. She grabbed the keys and walked out of the changing room. 
Her face darkened as she realized all of the customers had left 
except one. 
Natalia shut her eyes in anger and said, 
“Alpha Adrian, you need to get out of the shop. It is time to close the shop.” 
Adrian did not say anything to him, as his eyes were outside the shop. 
Natalia made her way to his table and uttered, 
“Are you even listening to me?” 
He nodded his head and looked at her. 
“Yeah. But I want to stay here for a while. You can’t force your 
customer.” 
She scoffed at him. “I am no longer the waitress here. My work time is over.” 
He glanced at the chair across him and said, 
“Since 
you are not working right now, let’s talk.” 
She rolled her eyes and was about to tell him that she had no time, but before that, her phone began to ring. 
She looked at her phone, which she was holding. She picked up the call without any delay, which did not go unnoticed by Adrian. 
Natalia smiled when she spoke up. 
“Max.” 
###Alpha 249
15 BC 
Natalia’s POV 
“Natalia, where are you?” 
Leaught a glimpse of Adrian, who appeared to be in a gloomy mood What was the cause of his sudden shift from a calm to a gloomy mood? 
“Lam at the coffee shop. Why? Are you on your way to my home?‘ 
Adrian stood up from his chair as soon as he heard me. The chair made a loud noise, startling me. I took a few steps back and looked at Adrian with a frown on my face, 
“What was that sound?” Max asked, 
“A fox broke into the shop,” I muttered. 
I noticed Adrian’s fists tightening. I moved my gaze to his face. He looked fierce, 
“Fox? What are you saying?” noveldrama
I laughed and then responded by saying, “I was just kidding. By the way, I was asking you something” 
“I am here at your house,” 
“What? You are already at my house?” 
“Yeah, I expected you to return home sooner, so I came here directly. 
“I am coming.” 
“It’s okay. Take your time. I am talking with your mom and dad.” 
While he was talking, I could hear my father laughing next to him. I could not help but wonder if he had told him about us, 
“Okay,” I mumbled before hanging up the phone, 
It was almost as if I had forgotten that there was another person standing there, staring at me, 
“Why did he call you?” Adrian asked, 
I ignored him and walked toward the door. He walked behind me. “I asked you something.” 
I walked out of the shop and he followed me. I laughed when he came out of the shop. 
He could not realize that he was now out of the shop. I locked up and closed the shop. 
“You have no right to ask me that,” I shot back at him. 
“What brings him to your house?” 
Trying to find a cab, I made my way down the street. I completely. avoided him in every way. 
He grabbed my wrist and turned me around to face him. 
“Why are you ignoring me?” he asked in an angry tone. 
I yanked my hand away from his grip. 
“Don’t touch me. I hate your touch. 
Adrian looked stunned. I took a few steps back while looking at him. 
“I hate you more than anything. I hate you more than I hate Alpha Leo. I hate you like no one has ever bated someone before.” 
Adrian shook his head. “No, you can’t hate me. I am your mate.” 
I scoffed at him. My feelings for him grew even more bitter. Never in my life would I be able to forget what he did to me. In return, all I could do was hate him. 
278 
When I saw a cab, I turned around and called for it. I opened the 
back door of the cab. Before I got inside the cab, I turned to Adrian. 
He was staring at me. I gave him a sarcastic smile and said, 
“Get out of your daydreams about the mate bond. Because I have already chosen my man.” 
get m 
###Alpha 250
Chevy 250 noveldrama
WOMAN Say I muttered as I walked in her direction. 
Toch het, he got huside the car 
Saat the om,” she said to the cab driver 
Nowers, grabest the edge of the window to stop her. The driver 
Now it at chose not to start the car. 
17ssat down to look at her. 
“Laskal ubat you just said. 
” 
She looked ahead, ignoringg me completely. Her neglect towards me was killing me I hate it whenever she ignored me. 
“Who did you choose? Who is that man? Max Harrison?” 
Natalia turned her head to me as soon as Max’s name came out of my mouth. 
Her face turned cold. Her hatred for me was evident in her eyes. 
The dim light from the street coming in through the window next to her lit up her face a little. 
1 kept my eyes fixed on her. She used to be a fragile woman when I married her many years ago. I never imagined that the eyes, which used to gaze at me with such tenderness, would become so
ley. 
“My man is waiting for me at my house,” Natalia said in an icy tone. 
I found her desperate to return home, where another man was waiting for her. 
The mere thought of her considering another man in her life pierced my heart. 
“So the rumors and those pic…” 
She frowned at me as if she had no idea what I was talking about. 
I nodded my head. “Why am I even asking you?” 
“Listen, go to your girlfriend. I think she deserves your lazy times more than me, 
who is just a worker in a coffee shop. Why are you. even wasting your time talking to me? I am not interested in conversing with you.” 
I stared at her. Nor did I remove my hand from the window. Her every word was arousing my anger more and more. 
“Stay away from that man,” I told her, trying to calm myself. 
‘Sir, why are you disturbing this young wom– 
I shot my gaze at the driver, who shut his mouth immediately. 
What did he think? Was I a gigolo boy who was teasing a woman? 
“Brother, this pack is not safe for women. I wonder how this pack’s head Alpha is,” Natalia muttered to the driver. 
“Our Alpha? He is a man of power. Don’t say anything about him. Women are now safe in this pack since he took over the position of head Alpha.” 
Natalia cleared her throat and mumbled, “I can see how safe it is.” 
I shut my eyes because her mocking was only enraging me. When I opened my eyes, I found her looking at me. 
Her gaze was making accusations against me. My grip on the window became increasingly tight. 
“How long will you keep running away from me? You can only escape from Eric and Max. What is your plan?” 
She suddenly leaned in close to my face, causing my heart to stop for 
a second. 
I could not keep myself together anymore. When she came to a halt only a few inches from my face, my brows lifted. 
She grinned at me, but it was bitter, which gave me a pang in my heart. 
Then she uttered, 
“My plan? I will just smile, you will fall in your own eyes.” 
D 
? 
###Alpha 251
I froze when I heard her. I blinked when I realized what she had meant. She was still smiling at me. 
I slowly moved my hands away from the window and took a step back. 
She looked away from me and said to the driver, 
“Let’s go.” 
The driver immediately nodded his head and started the cab. 
My eyes were glued to Natalia the entire time. Her smile was her face. But why was it hurting me? 
Sull on 
The car began to move. After a few minutes, it faded from my sight. I stared at the way the car had left. 
I lifted my hand and pressed against my chest. My heart was pounding faster. 
I balled my fist and curled my fingers around my shirt. I hissed when I felt pain in my chest. It was a wound that I never let my wolf heal. It was a wound I got from her. I wanted to see it every day to remind myself how much she hated me. 
The sound of a ringtone echoed down the lonely road. I had no wish to pick up the call. 
My legs moved forward as my eyes could not fix at anything. They 
roaming here and there as my mind was messed up. noveldrama
were 
I was unable to imagine her being with another man. Why was that doctor in her house? 
I thought about it for a while before something came to me. 
Without any delay, I took my phone out of my pocket. 
I dialed a number and held the phone close to my ear. 
“Alpha.” 
“Harold.” 
“Alpha, is there anything I can help you with?” Harold asked me politely. 
“How is Alpha Jason’s treatment going?” I asked. 
Though that man was deadly sick and not a head Alpha anymore, I still referred to him as ‘Alpha‘ because once he was a pack leader. I could take her pack away from him but not his rank or respect. I would never allow my pack members to disrespect him in any way just because he once humiliated me in front of other Alphas. 
“Alpha, I am no longer in charge of Natalia’s brother’s health anymore.” 
Hearing Natalia’s name made my heart desperate once again. I shoved her thoughts and asked, 
“Why?” 
“Doctor Max Harrison himself will take care of Alpha Jason. He agreed to help him since he is the biggest healer who has every cure for every disease.” 
My eyes became calm as well as my heart. 
‘So he is only helping her,‘ I thought. 
“Alpha, I think he is able to help Alpha. Jason. Do you want Doctor Max to treat him? It was my suggestion. If you want to stop the treatment, Doctor Max can’t treat Alpha Jason. It’s all your decision, Alpha.” 
Harold’s voice took me back out of my thoughts. 
+15 SCHUS 
“It’s good. Let Doctor Max treat him.” 
“Okay, Alpha.” 
I cut the call and put the phone in my pocket. I turned my head in the opposite direction. 
My car was parked on the street. I walked over to the car and climbed in. 
Gazing ahead at the road, I turned on the car. I had intended to take her somewhere tonight. That was why I discarded my driver before entering the coffee shop. 
But she did not even talk to me as if I were some stranger to her. 
You said you had chosen your man. But only I can be your man. I will never allow you to be with someone else.” 
INTS 
###Alpha 252
Third POV 
The day for Noah and Aria’s birthday had finally come. Everyone in the pack house was busy. The pack house was decorated beautifully. At the birthday celebration, people from various packs were invited. 
Why would they not come? 
After all, Alpha Adrian sent invitations to them. Ty were eager to attend the party. 
In the bedroom, Adrian was checking on a file while sitting on the bed. 
His fingers were holding the cigarette while turning pages. His gaze was fixed on the papers. 
He got interrupted at work when he heard a knock on the door. 
“Come in,” he replied without looking at the door. 
The door opened, and his mother’s voice reached his ears. 
“Adrian, why are you still working? It’s already time. The guests have already started to come to the pack house.” 
He turned his head to the window to glance at the sky. Every light was left out of the sky to conceal its true appearance because it was so dark. 
Adrian lifted his hand to take a deep puff of the smoke. 
Grace Miller stared at her son. She did not know where life was leading her son. He was her only son, and she and Lucas loved him. 
the most. 
She had no idea why fate was ruining their son’s life like that. He had no fixed way of living. All he ever did was work. 
He was so powerful that even Lucas could not say much in front of him. That put him at a disadvantage. He could not get the parents‘ suggestions into his life. He was living a life where he was doing what he wanted. But was he getting what he wanted? 
Grace stepped inside the room and closed the door behind her. She walked toward her son and sat next to the files that were scattered around the bed. 
“Adrian.” 
He turned to the nightstand and smashed the cigarette bud into the ashtray. 
“Speak,” he muttered, setting his files. 
“How long will you keep working like that? In the past six years, you have become a robot. What about taking a leave from work for a week and going on a vacation?” 
Adrian’s hand paused. He lifted his gaze at her. 
“Did you talk to Lynda?” 
She was shocked. He was a clever man. But she shook her head and replied, 
“No. But I want you to enjoy your life fully. You are a young man. If you keep burying yourself in work like this, you will miss your youth later.” 
Adrian sighed, getting out of bed. He looked at her and replied, 
“Lynda and I break up.” noveldrama
Grace stood up from the bed and said, 
“You can’t break up with her. You did the same with Natalia, too. I told you not to divorce her, but you did. Now, you are pushing another woman out of your life. What about your future? How will 
you survive all alone? A woman who is capable of taking care of you, loving you, and treating you softly is what you need.” 
Looking into his mother’s angry eyes, Adrian kept quiet. She should not have taken Natalia’s name in this matter. 
She reminded him of how he used to tell his parents about divorcing Natalia at every family dinner. 
His eyes moved to the shadowy sky behind his mother. He muttered in a low tone. 
“Don’t compare her with another woman.” 
###Alpha 253
Chupa 25 
hand must grabhuse tile bank. 
alking done tymula, she woched out her 
maths que vinaigaming Buy with avane ale f you like her so much than polo rima’s son huve anything about her, why don’t you get hack 
nguy 
Kitizen’s rygs were fiend on the dy His face was calm and 
Indifferent. But his eyes could not hide the emotional irmoil in her bran 
“I wish I could,” he muttered. 
A smile appeared on Grace’s face. She lifted her hand and rubbed his hair. “Don’t worry. You will have a lot of chances in the future. Don’t miss any of it. Every woman is begging to be with my son anyway. Who will resist you?” 
Adrian remained silent. Grace patted his shoulder. 
“Get ready fast. Don’t you want to see your beautiful kids? They are eager to go to their party. 
Adrian’s eyes moved slightly when he heard about his children. He looked at his mother and gave her a nod 
When Grace left the room, Adrian decided to take a shower. 
After wearing the expensive black suit, Adrian looked in the mirror. 
He did not care much about his looks. The only reason he glanced at the mirror so often was because of the wound that was located in his 
chest 
He slightly shifted the shirt so he could see his chest in the mirror. The three claw marks caught his eye. 
He caressed the marks, thinking about the woman who left her mark 
on him. 
After the night when she left him to meet Max, he sent her the invitation to the birthday party. 
However, she returned the invitation to him. So he lost all interest in attending the party. 
However, he was unable to avoid the party. He would introduce his children to the whole world tonight. 
Adrian walked out of his bedroom and toward his kids‘ room. When he entered the room, he was amazed. 
Noah looked very handsome in the black suit. It was the same suit he was wearing. He indeed looked like him. Why did he never notice it before learning the truth? 
“Dad.” 
He turned his gaze, and it immediately landed on Aria. She was wearing a baby pink dress. She had a pretty little crown on her head. She looked very beautiful. 
Adrian felt that his heart softened just looking at his children. 
Sometimes, he felt angry at Natalia. He had missed seeing his children grow up. But then, her words reminded him of the reason for keeping them apart from him. 
“You both look good. Let’s go,” he said, turning to the door. 
Aria pouted her lips. “No.” 
Adrian turned to her. “What no?” 
Aria extended her hards cutely and said, “Take me in your arms, dad.” 
Adrian smiled at her sweet tone. He started to walk toward her. He lifted her into his arms and turned to face Noah. 
Noah remained silent as usual. He did not talk to Adrian while 
watching the father and daughter. 
Adrian extended his hand for Noah to take hold of 
“Let’s go.” 
Noah hesitated to take hold of the hand as he gazed at it. Over the last few days, Adrian had been trying to communicate with him a lot. He did not forget her mother’s cries. He had a strong dislike for 
Adrian 
“Noah, hold dad’s hand. Let’s go to the party. I’m so excited. It will be our first party,” Aria said excitedly. 
Noah blinked his eyes and turned away from Adrian’s hand. He lifted his hand and held it hesitantly 
Adrian sighed as Noah’s hand came into contact. He walked out of the room with his twin 
This party would be one that they would never forget. noveldrama
###Alpha 254
33 
Everyone turned around when they saw Alpha Adrian descend the stairs with two children. 
Their eyes were filled with amazement as they observed them. They had never seen Adrian with children before. 
Upon closely examining his kids, they discovered they were identical twins. They resembled their father quite a bit. 
When Adrian came downstairs, he put Aria down and told her to enjoy the party. 
Noah let go of Adrian’s hand when he noticed his old school friends. He raised his head to look at Adrian. 
Adrian smiled at him and rubbed his hair softly. 
“I invited them for you and Aria.” 
Aria and Noah both ran to join their friends. They looked very happy, which made Adrian feel better in his heart. 
“Alpha Adrian.” 
All of the Alphas from other packs who had traveled to this pack in order to attend the birthday party approached him. They greeted him politely. 
“Your twins are beautiful,” one of the Alphas said. 
Adrian cast a quick glance in the direction of his twin and murmured under his breath, “Just like their mother.” 
All of them were Alphas. They heard him clearly, despite the noises. around them. 
“I noticed the news about your-” 
“Alpha.” 
Beta Patric came to interrupt an Alpha when he tried to raise Natalia’s matter with Max. 
He chuckled and excused themselves by saying that they had something to talk about. 
“You look good. “A handsome and caring single father,” Patric said as he handed Adrian a glass of wine. 
Adrian said nothing while sipping his drink. He was getting bored. He had no intention of staying here for a long time. 
He noticed his parents were coming towards him. 
Lucas Miller and Grace Miller came to stop in front of their son. 
Patric let them talk to Adrian and went to join other officials who were enjoying drinks. 
“Adrian, my boy,” Lucas said, patting his son’s back with pride. 
His son had two children now. Being mature enough, he chose to accept his kids before the whole world. 
Grace locked her arm with her son and mumbled, 
“I am happy for you. It is now time for you to settle down in your life. 
Adrian rolled his eyes. “Settle? I am already settled, Mom.” 
Lucas chuckled at the duo of mother and son. His gaze shifted to the kids running around the pack house with the other kids. They made. new friends with children from other Alphas. 
As long as I am able to spend my last moments with my grandchildren, I will be content. 
Adrian turned his head toward Lucas. Even though he had been angry with his father for all of these years, he finally came to the realization that his father had done right when he made him marry Natalia against his will. 
“Your last moments? Why would you die? Your son is still alive to protect you from any danger.” 
Lucas immediately looked at him. Upon hearing that from his son, his eyes welled up with emotion. 
Adrian averted his gaze from him and turned away. 
Lucas was aware that his son did not have a strong emotional side. He never cried or pleaded for anyone. Since childhood, he has been a cold–hearted person. 
He fixed his gaze on Adrian, whose eyes were cold and 
expressionless. noveldrama
However, after a few seconds, the cold pair of eyes suddenly moved. 
It caught the attention of both Grace and Lucas. They turned their heads to see where Adrian was looking. 
Their brows furrowed as they noticed a beautiful woman enter the pack house dressed in a stunning gown. Her beauty was unmatched by others, like a glowing star. 
Then they heard Adrian’s voice next to them. 
“Natalia?” 
? 
###Alpha 255
Adrian’s POV 
I stared at Natalia. Her appearance was royal. Her stunning, coffee- colored gown hugged her figure. She looked like a mermaid. She did not look pale or like an ordinary woman, but as if her beauty had bloomed, she appeared to be the most beautiful woman in my eyes. 
I could not take my eyes off of her. 
I did not conceal the small smile that curled around my lips from 
anyone. 
Her lovely eyes were straying until they settled on my kids. 
“I am glad that you invited their mother,” my dad said with a happy tone. He still adored Natalia, just like before. noveldrama
My mother did not say anything as her eyes fixed on Natalia. 
I moved away from my parents and started to take steps in Natalia’s direction. 
Suddenly, my mood changed about remaining at this party. I really wanted to spend a lot of time here now. 
Just as I was about to approach Natalia, another person entered the pack house. 
He walked directly toward Natalia and said something in her ear. Natalia turned to him and chuckled, then shook her head. 
“Max Harrison,” I muttered. 
Tonight’s party was a big one, and Max Harrison was one of the important guests in this pack. So he was also on the guest list. 
I noticed Natalia and Max walking in the opposite direction. My eyes were fixed on Natalia, who did not even look for me at the party. 
‘So she rejected my invitation and came here as Max Harrison’s partner?‘ I thought, getting angry. 
I made my way to the middle of the hallway before Natalia could get to Aria and Noah. I asked for a microphone. Delta Julian brought along a microphone and spoke into it. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention, please?” 
Everyone stopped what they were doing. I cast a glance at Natalia. She stood in the center with Max, looking in my direction. 
When her gaze met mine, my inner wolf howled. He wanted her. He wished to keep her in his arms and never let her go. 
Alpha Adrian wants to have some words about the party.” 
After saying that, Julian handed the microphone to me. Natalia broke eye contact, and I looked away from her. 
My eyes wandered around the hall, as I could see many guests here. The party was going on in the hallroom of the pack house. It was located on the back side of the house. 
“Today is very special to me. This is because I want to introduce my children to all of you.” 
I looked at Aria and Noah. My mother instructed them to join me.. 
Like good kids, they came to stand next to me. 
“They are Noah Miller and Aria Miller, my blood and my heirs. Being their father, I consider myself fortunate to have them.” 
Everyone began to clap. However, they stopped clapping and focused on Adrian’s words when he started talking again. 
“All these years, they lived with their mother, Natalia Hansley. But from now on, they will be with me.” 
The majority of the guests were taken aback after hearing what I had said. They were not aware that Natalia was my ex–wife. They only recognized her as the CEO of Blue Blood Pack’s company. 
“Natalia Hansley is Alpha Adrian’s ex–wife!” 
“How is this even possible?” 
“Is that why Alpha Jason attempted to insult Alpha Adrian in that meeting?” 
“Is that the reason Alpha Adrian snatched the pack belonging to Natalia Hansley’s brother?” 
There were a ton of questions floating through the hall. As I shifted my gaze toward Natalia, she became the focus of my attention. 
I expected her to be pleased that her children now had their father’s 
surname. 
She, on the other hand, gave me the exact opposite vibe. The cold look in her eyes was enough to make my heart freeze. 
D 
GET IT 
###Alpha 256
Natalia’s POV 
“So Natalia Hansley was hiding them from Alpha Adrian all of this time?” 
I listened to Adrian’s announcement. But the way everyone looked shocked, as if he had said something forbido, 
What exactly was there to whisper about? Could they not see that this man allowed my family to live in this pack? Why did they keep reminding him of his brother’s actions against him? 
I noticed Adrian was staring at me. I gave him a cold look. This man was responsible for all of the drama. 
Despite everything he had done to me, he pretended to be an innocent father. 
My gaze gradually shifted down to my children. 
My eyes welled up with tears as I struggled to keep my emotions in check. 
They were my babies and my life. It had been a long time since I had 
seen them. 
“Take it.” 
I heard Max’s voice. I glanced at the handkerchief he was offering me. I turned my head toward him. He nodded to me as though to let me know he was with me. 
Though I turned down Adrian’s invitation, I came here with Max. I was Max’s partner rather than Adrian’s guest. 
I took the handkerchief and dabbed the corners of my eyes. 
“Mommy!” Noah’s voice echoed down the hall. 
Must leaving, karimi’s side, we tharta a tmeline for m 
Other guests moved out of the way to make won for him to approach me, 
1 got down on my knees and gave him a varig ka to the rose and came over to hug me 
“We miss you, mommy,” Aria sad, chaching, my neck righe 
I cradled them both in my arms, 
“My babies, I miss you too.” 
When I broke the hug, I cupped their cheeks and Kees thér he 
“You are two of the most beautiful little souls” 
While having a conversation with my children, I noticed a pair of expensive leather shoes approaching me. 
I raised my head to look at the person. 
His tall figure, towering over me, blocked the light from the chandelier hanging in the center of the hall. 
I stood up, diverting my gave away from Adrian. 
“It’s good that you decided to come here,” Adrian said. 
Before I could reply, Maz spoke out next to me. 
“I asked her to accompany me.” 
Adrian shifted his gave from me to Max. The darkening of his eyes gave the impression that he did not like Maz. 
“Alpha, we meet again,” Max said, extending his hand toward Adrian 
Acting a preval shook hands with him. However, bis deraner was completely contradictory to what he was doing. 
ese eer the party. I would like to have a private conversation 
mises the you have forgotten that she is no longer a 
Max’s sharp response stal Adrian. He did not expect Max to greak that way 
chased my throat and interrupted their conversation. 
I looked at my twins, who were staring at their father before to face Max noveldrama
They might be curious about who Max was. So I smiled at them and 
odhood Max to them. 
leet him, babies. He is Uncle Max, my-” 
Max interrupted me and said, 
“Your mommy’s soon–to–be boyfriend.” 
###Alpha 257
I was stunned when Max said that to my children. I meant I would tell them about it later. I wanted to make them comfortable around him at first. But his sudden confession took me aback. 
“What did you just say?” Adrian’s angry voice came out like a blaze of fire. 
Other people began to glance at us. I rolled my eyes at Adrian. 
He was such a dramatic man. What was wrong with him? 
“Alpha Adrian, don’t forget that we are your guests. Respect us at least,” I said to Adrian sarcastically. 
However, it was as if my voice did not reach Adrian’s ears. He glared at Max and stepped toward him. 
“You are aware of which pack you are in right now. Am I right?” 
Adrian’s words were intended to warn Max. I stared at Adrian. What did he want? Did he want to push away every man who wanted to enter my life? He wanted me to suffer and be alone for the rest of my life. 
But I would not let him keep doing that. 
I took a deep breath and leaned toward Max. I locked my arm with him and turned my head at Adrian. 
“He knows where he is standing. You should consider yourself lucky that he is in your pack right now. He is a healer who can help you in any way.” 
Adrian’s eyes slowly lowered as they stopped on my arm, which was wrapped around Max’s arm. 
“Help? Yeah, sure. By saving your brother?” He muttered in a low 
voice. 
I was shocked to learn that he was aware of Max’s treatment for Jason. Suddenly, I felt scared that he would stop the treatment. 
He was the head Alpha of the pack. Max would be unable to continue the treatment if he gave the order to stop. 
“Listen, just mind your own business,” I mumbled. 
Max smiled when he heard my mumblings. Hatted my hand and turned his head toward me. 
“It’s okay. Alpha must be thinking about his reputation. But he doesn’t know how much we wanted to be together.” 
I gulped when I heard Max. The way he was looking at me made me 
blush. 
I looked away from him. My gaze was drawn to Adrian’s fists, which tightened. I moved my gaze, and it landed on my children. noveldrama
I was about to speak with them when Adrian spoke up. 
‘Max Harrison, don’t mess with me.” 
On the other hand, Max gave Adrian a cool, collected look as though he had no fear of dying. 
“I’m not messing with you, Alpha Adrian. It’s my life, and I know what I am doing. Right now, I’m pursuing Natalia Hansley.” 
I wondered how Max mustered the confidence to talk with Adrian in such a way even the Alpha of his own pack was terrified of him. 
I cleared my throat and turned to my children. 
Aria stared at Adrian, but Noah was looking at Max. 
I slowly let go of Max’s arm and fixed my attention on Aria and Noah. 
“Babies, I wanted to tell you something,” I told them. 
Noah shook his head and replied, 
“Mommy, I like Max Uncle. Make him your boyfriend.” 
CON BUNDLE 
D 
###Alpha 258
Adrian slowly turned his head and lowered his gaze to look at Noah. His eyes were darkened, as if Noah were not a little boy, he would have beaten him to death. 
Max was surprised, too. He did not expect one of them to say that. 
Adrian grabbed Noah’s hand. “You are talking too much. I think it’s time for me to discipline my own son.” noveldrama
My eyes widened as I was about to reach Noah’s hand to stop Adrian from taking him away. 
But Max grabbed my wrist and stopped me. “Don’t worry. He will not do anything to his son. He is a successful Alpha. He knows his son’s worth. “After all, Noah is the heir to this pack.” 
I watched Adrian drag Noah into a corner. Noah turned his head to look at me. As I watched him in despair, tears welled up in my eyes. 
Max released my hand when he got a phone call. I glanced at her phone as I saw his head Alpha calling him. 
He received the call. 
“Alpha.” 
I could hear what his Alpha was saying to him because his phone was on my side. 
“Ask Alpha Adrian for forgiveness on my behalf. I couldn’t attend his children’s birthday party because your Luna is sick.” 
“Sure, Alpha.” 
“I sent my beta to the party. Please receive him. He is on the way. I sent him with birthday present.” 
Max turned his head to the door to see if his pack’s beta had arrived 
or not. 
“Let me check, Alpha.” 
He hung up the call and looked at me. “Our beta will be here at any moment. I’m going to check. 
“Of course,” I replied, nodding my head. 
Max walked away from me, heading to the entrance. 
felt a hand clutching my dress. I lowered my head and saw Aria looking at me with teary eyes. 
I immediately took her into my arms and wiped her eyes. 
“Baby, don’t cry.” 
She hugged my neck and mumbled with sobs. “Mommy, please go to dad and tell him not to punish Ngah. 
I was stunned. I glanced at the corner where Adrian took Noah. 
“I won’t let him do anything to your brother.” 
After telling her to stay with her friends, I put her down on the floor. 
The guests gave me a sidelong glance, but I ignored them. I walked past them and headed in the direction I had seen Adrian go a while ago. 
I hated that man so much that I wanted to kill him right now. 
How dare he scare my children like that? 
I passed through a hallway. The interior directions of this pack house were unknown to me. In my two years of marriage, I came here for family dinner only a few times. 
Desperate to find Noah, I cast a glance around. 
When I saw a few doors, I realized Adrian had taken Noah into one 
? 15 BONUS 
of those rooms. 
As I stepped toward the rooms, I heard Noah’s voice. When I heard what he said to Adrian, I went completely still. 
“We were so happy without you. Why did u come into our lives?” 
D 
###Alpha 259
“Noah!” 
I said as I pushed the door of the room. 
Noah and Adrian both turned to me. I noticed that Noah was standing in front of Adrian while he was seated on the couch. “Mommy.” 
I walked to Noah, ignoring Adrian completely. 
“Baby, how many times have I told you not to disrespect your father? He is your dad. You can’t talk to him like that.” 
“No, mommy. I don’t like him. He is not my dad. Because of him, you always cried.” 
I tightened my fists to control my emotions. Even as a small child, the image of his mother sobbing pierced his heart, and he had not yet moved on from it. 
“Don’t say that, baby. I was not crying for him but for my own fate.” 
“Fate?” he mumbled with a confused face. 
I rubbed his hair and said, 
“Go back to the party. Aria is waiting for you.” 
Noah glanced at Adrian. I realized that Adrian was silent all the time during my conversation with Noah. 
When Noah left the room, I turned around and looked at the man sitting calmly on the couch. 
However, when I looked carefully at him, I saw a blaze in his eyes. They were not calm. They were cold. 
His eyes were fixed on the door. From the moment Noah left the 
toum, he avoided hooking at me 
“What do you plan to do to Noah? You want to punish your son. How van you even think that?” I asked hin angelly 
have aheady punished him,” he Bated without looking at me 
1 frowned at him “What did you do to my son? Did you dare to hit 
My heart was pounding just at the thought Noah, like Adrian, was stubborn even if this man hurt hing, he would never say anything to 
Adrian ignored my question. He picked up the packet of cigarettes that was resting on the table. 
He in one and began to smoke. His Arrogant attitude was arousing d Be of rage de me 
Latrode over to him in rage 
I grabbed his wrist tightly and snatched the 
od the cigarette from between his fingers in my other hand. 
I threw the cigarette in anger and said, 
“stop simolding all the time, you difty man. Answer me what I have aded you What have you done to y my noveldrama
I was about to release his wrist, so loosened my grip 
But suddenly, he stood up, took hold of my arms, and pressed me against the wall beside the com 
I gasped at his sudden action and looked at him with wide eyes. 
“What was that man talking about? Who gave him the audacity to call himself your soon to be boyhien 
me quite close to me. For a m 
his words and closeness 
415-209019 
puzzled my mind. 
Once I realized what was happening, I pulled myself together and tried to push him. 
“Move. Your smell is making me feel disgusted.” 
I lied to him. His scent was very alluring, and it was making my inner wolf go crazy. I despised the matebond for making me feel that 
way. 
Adrian loosened his grip on my arm but did not move away from me. He looked into my eyes and muttered, 
“Don’t test my patience, Natalia.” 
D 
? 
###Alpha 260
I felt strange when my name came out of his mouth. I tried to gather my strength to shove him. But he pressed his body against me. It took my breath away for a second. noveldrama
He tilted his head and moved closer to my ear. I clenched my jaw when I heard him whisper. 
“Don’t agree with him. He doesn’t deserve you.” 
“What should I do right then? Laugh at him.‘ 
1 sneered at his words. “You mean I deserve to be alone all my life?” 
“Um hm. You deserve better,” he muttered, releasing my arms and resting his elbows against the wall. 
I tried to make sense of what he was saying. 
“Someone better? How can I get someone better? You ruined my life so smartly that I have no choice but to remain alone forever. But fate gives me another chance, and I am going to accept the cha-.” 
I paused when he suddenly pressed his palm against my mouth. 
He turned his head away from my ear and met my eyes. 
I stared at him. His eyes moved from my eyes and wandered around my face. I blinked my eyes and looked away from him. 
Why was he looking at me like that? 
“Ummm,” 
I tried to move his hard, but he pressed it tightly. 
“Do not even think about getting another chance in the name of fate. Your fate has already given you a hint of its plans. You are the one who is resisting it.“. 
I froze when I understood what he was trying to say. I stopped struggling to remove his hand from my mouth and gave him a cold. look. 
He withdrew his hand from my lips. I felt his thumb against my lips. He parted his lips as he looked at my lips. He brushed his thumb. over my lips softly. 
His eyes then lowered to my dress, and he said, 
“Why did you dress up like this? You know how gain my attention, don’t you?” 
I glared at him sharply. Every action he took and every word he said made me angry. 
I bit his thumb in anger. He hissed, as if he was not expecting me to do that. 
He moved his thumb away from my lips and shook it as blood rushed out of it. 
“You are a beast,” I said. 
He lifted his hand and put the thumb into his mouth while looking at 
1. me. 
He let out a chuckle after he had healed his wound. 
“Beast? I am currently feeling like a free bird. It feels like I have been caged for years.” 
The gleam of a smile could be seen in his eyes. As if he were taking pleasure in each and every moment. 
I closed my eyes to gather all of my strength before shoving him. 
This time, I was successful in pushing him. 
“Was that two years of bed service not enough for you? What do you 
want now? Sleep with me again to satisfy your desire?” 
###Alpha 261
Adrian’s POV 
“Bod service?” 
Why did she say that? My mind froze after hearing her. She mistook my desire for mere sexual intimacy with her. 
Did she think that I was a reckless man who was able to restrain his lust? 
Natalia laughed at me. “Alpha Adrian, you should eat some nuts. You are experiencing a loss of your memories at such a tender age?” 
“What do you mean?” I asked her, getting angry. 
The truth was that whenever this woman was in front of me, I was powerless to resist her, regardless of how angry I got with her. 
She was the one who calmed my heart and, at the same time, stoked the flame of passion inside it. 
“Just because I did not take your card and left it at your house the day we divorced, you forgot why you gave it to me?” 
It brought back memories of the day we divorced. The moment I realized what I had said to her, I became furious with myself. 
It was not what I meant to say. At that time, I was pissed off at her because she was desperately asking for a divorce. At that time, I used to think that I hated her. It was because of that one night that everything changed. 
While taking a step back, I uttered, “I didn’t mean that.” 
My heart was pierced by the look that she gave me as she stared at me. Why did she have so many bitter memories of mine? 
Natalia took a deep breath and said, 
? 
Curiosity used my wows to perk up. “What agreement?” 
“Make sure that my children have prosperous life. I will never Prime you way to ge them up. For the sake of them, I am willing 
to go up my happiness. You are making, trouble just because of them, ‘t you?” 
It was imposside for me to utter a single word, I could not understand how this woman could think like that. 
Did she think she would ever have the opportunity to meet them today if I wanted to keep them away from her? 
Despite the fact that her words were making my heart ache, her beauty continued to captivate my attention. 
Why was 1 feeling like that? 
I was not treating her in the same manner that I treated other people. If there was another woman in her position and I wanted her, I would have confined her in a cage so that I could keep her. 
But it was her. Why could I not force her to return to the old Natalia, who once used to be my wife? 
“You are allowed to meet them from now on. There is no need to look for permission from anyone,” 
When Natalia heard me, she was instantly taken aback. “Are you willing to let me meet them? What will you take in return?” 
As I shook my head, I could not help but chuckle. noveldrama
“It seems that you still don’t know me.” 
1 paused for a moment, then said, “Just stay away from that Max.” 
Natalia folded her arms. “Why? Are you offended by the fact that 
another man has the audacity to talk to you while he is looking directly into your eyes?” 
“It would be best for you not to provoke me to do something that you will later come to regret.” 
“You can only warn like this. You have no power to do anything” Natalia walked past me as she made her way to the door. 
Even though she was arguing with me, I felt good all the time. Nevertheless, it breaks my heart to see her go away from me. 
I turned around and spoke out. 
“I broke up with Lynda.” 
###Alpha 262
It was my words that halted Natalia. I was waiting to see how she would respond. 
Didn’t she want that before our divorce? Her words were still fresh in my mind. noveldrama
“Hubby, don’t go to her. I’m your wife. Please come back to me.” 
When I thought back on her words, I could hear them reverberating in my head. My jaw was clenched as I felt regret for the fact that I had not ended my relationship with Lynda at that time. 
Natalia turned around to face me. 
What did you say? 
I nodded my head and replied, “I broke up with her.” 
I thought she would be happy after learning that. Because of Lynda, I could not reach her like I wanted. So I broke up with her to make my way back to Natalia. 
However, I was stunned when Natalia’s expression turned against my thinking 
A furious expression appeared on her face, and her eyes darkened. “You are not a real man.” 
“What?” I asked, my anger rising back up to its previous level. 
“After nearly seven years of being in a relationship with that 
woman, you decided to end your relationship with her? Your only skill is the ability to break a woman’s heart. What can I expect more from you?” 
Those words of hers left me speechless. I walked to her, but she tool a step back. 
“What’s wrong with you? You should be happy that I broke up with 
it 
“Why would I be happy? What do It matter to me if you decide to end your relationship with her or if you decide to fix things with her? I have absolutely nothing to do with you or her. I believe you deserve her, and she deserves you flow can you decide to break up such a perfect couple?” 
1 greeted my teeth and asked, 
“How can you say that? You said you loved 
Natalia parted her lips, “Love?” 
It appeared as though she had something on her mind, as she turned her gaze away from me 
“I used to love you. A lot….” 
Upon hearing her say, “Used to,” my heart was completely shattered. After that, she gave me a grin and turned her attention back to me 
“I am no longer the foolish girl who wanders around Alpha Adrian just to get his attention, to persuade him to return home every day, to convince him not to talk about divorce, to make hundreds of attempts to make him understand Ohat I did not bully his girlfriend, to ask him to think about our future, and to beg him 
and to beg him to love me back. 
Every word that she spoke brought back a flood of memories right in front of my eyes, 
“Natalia.” 
“No, Adrian, I don’t have any feelings left for you. Now, you are just the father of my children. You have the ability to control the lives of your children, but not mine. You like to take pleasure in torturing 
1. me. But I will not let you do that to me anymore.” 
1 tried to take hold of her hand, but she yanked it away. 
“In front of your eyes, I am going to live my life to the fullest 
without any regrets. And you will never be able to do anything about it, Adrian.” 
D 
###Alpha 263
Natalia’s POV 
As soon as I walked out of the room, I saw “ta Patric outside. He glanced at the door behind me, then shifted his gaze to me. 
This man was always there for his Alpha. 
I greeted him with a nod and walked past him. I did not give a damn about what Adrian was going to plan next to make my life hell. 
I would fight against it. 
‘Why does he always try to get close to me? When I was married to him, he used to stay out of the house to avoid seeing my face. Was it his wolf who wanted to get close to me?” 
I recalled his wolf in the war. But did he allow his wolf to take over him? 
I shoved all the thoughts away from my mind and returned to the party. noveldrama
There, I met Delta Julian. I was searching for my purse, which I forgot somewhere. 
Julian handed me the bag and asked, 
“Are you looking for this?” 
“Yeah, thanks a lot.” 
I took out my phone and noticed a number of missed calls from Max’s number. 
I bit my tongue because of my careless behavior. I immediately called Max to tell him where I was. 
“You seem to be close to the healer.” 
I heard Delta Julian. I looked at him and gave him a nod in response. “You are right. We are quite close now.” 
His brows lifted as he looked away from me and murmured, 
“Alpha will not accept it.” 
“Excuse me? Did you say something?” 
He shook his head in reply. “Nothing.” 
I smiled at him and was about to move in another direction, but a middle–aged couple caught my attention. 
I walked toward them. They turned to me when I approached them. 
“Natalia, how are you?” Alpha Lucas, Adrian’s father, asked. 
“I’m fine, Uncle. How is your health?” 
“Just fine.” 
I noticed Adrian’s mother did not look happy to see me. So I said, 
“I believe you are not pleased to see me here. You did not even answer my calls while my children were locked inside this pack house. Why, Aunt?” 
Grace looked at me and replied in a cold voice, 
“Why did you keep my grandchildren hidden from us? Who gave you the audacity to do that?” 
I lowered my head. In actuality, it was me who was at fault. I should not have kept the kids away from them. But their son was not a good man. I was afraid for my children’s lives. 
“I was scared he would kill those little kids because I was the one who gave birth to them.” 
Grace was stunned by my words. However, Lucas was calmly 
looking at me. 
“Past is past. Where are you these days? You did not come to meet me in the whole month.” 
I chuckled a little. “Uncle, I wanted to meet you, but I thought Aunt did not want it. Maybe she doesn’t want to see me.” 
My words were directed at Grace. When Lucas looked at her, she looked away. 
I could not forget how many times I tried to contact her just to let me meet my children; she and her son were both ungrateful. 
Someone caught Grace’s attention as her eyes brightened. “Lynda.” 
I saw her walking towards Lynda, who had just arrived at the party. 
I rolled my eyes while thinking, 
‘Now what is this woman doing at my children’s party?‘ 
###Alpha 264
“Natalia.” 
I turned my attention back to Alpha Lucas. He was a good person. I could see gratefulness in his eyes. I saved him, and he did not forget it. 
“How are your parents doing? Are they doing alright in this pack?” 
I gave a small smile and lowered my head. “How can they be, uncle? You know, as the former Alpha and Luna, they felt humiliated when they had to leave their own pack and seek shelter in the pack that had won their home.” 
Alpha Lucas raised his hand and placed it on my head. I looked at him. 
“I have heard about your brother’s treatment. Doctor Max is an excellent healer. I believe he will do something.” 
I turned my head and looked around the hall, only to find Max conversing with another man. 
I understood that it might be the beta of his pack. Max’s eyes locked with mine, and he smiled at me. 
I smiled at him back, which did not go unnoticed by Adrian’s father. “Are you two really close?” 
I blushed when he asked me that question. “Yeah, you can say that.” 
Alpha Lucas stared at me for a while. He seemed to want to say something to me, but he hesitated. 
I was perplexed, wondering what he wanted to say. 
I was about to ask him what was on his mind, but then my gaze shifted behind him. 
matched Adrian enter the hallway Behind him was Beta Patric. He 
saying something to Adrian. noveldrama
Brian, on the other hand, looked calm. 
I scoffed inside my heart. That man was really something. 
“Excuse me.” 
I excused myself from Alpha Lucas, and he immediately gave me a 
pod. 
I turned my heels and headed in another direction. However, on my way, I nearly collided with a man. 
“Relax,” he muttered, taking a step back so his body did not come into contact with mine. 
It was as though, if somehow I collapsed with him, someone would kill him. 
I looked at him and asked, 
How are you, Gamma Benjamin?” 
My gaze was drawn to his frowning reaction. “It looks like you are in a hurry to escape from someone,” he said, glancing behind me. 
turned my head and saw Adrian standing far away from me. 
I ignored him and replied to Gamma Benjamin, 
“What can I do? Your Alpha left me with no other option but to escape.” 
He returned his gaze to me and said, 
“I don’t want to disclose anything, but as the gamma of this pack, I should do what I need to do.” 
His words confused me. “What do you mean by that?” 
He cleared his throat and averted his gaze from me. “Don’t tell Alpha that I told you that.” 
I smirked at him. “Why would I?1 did not bribe you to say anything. But what secret are you going to reveal?” 
I felt some kind of excitement. Was Adrian’s own Gamma about to betray him by revealing a secret? 
However, I froze as he replied, 
“Alpha can’t concentrate on his pack because of you. These days, he behaves and speaks strangely. I have never seen him this way before. He always thinks about you. 
B 
###Alpha 265
1 looked at Gamma Benjamin with a frown. He gave me a brief glance before shrugging his shoulders. He noticed Theta Emon wa oming our way, so he immediately said, 
“Forget what I just said.” 
After saying that, he left my side. I stared at his back for a while. 
His words went beyond my head. 
I turned around to glance at Adrian, who was not looking at me anymore. 
Sitting on a stool in the bar, he was sipping a glass of wine. 
‘What are you cooking up in your head, Adrian? There is no way you can think of me without plotting against me,‘ I reasoned as I looked 
at him. 
“Stop staring at him. You can’t seduce him. He is mine.” 
I recognized a familiar voice. I let out an annoyed sigh. Why did this woman come to me? 
With a smile, I turned to face her. “Hello, Lynda.” 
Lynda appeared to be stunned by my grin. She was dressed in a hot red dress. Her clothing choice almost made me disgusted. 
It was a birthday party for children, not a bachelor party where she wore such a short dress. 
If it were someone else, I would not bother to judge her. But it was Lynda, the wicked woman. I was fully aware of her intention. 
“What are you doing here?” Lynda asked, folding her hands across 
her chest. 
“It is my children’s birthday party; of course, I should attend. By the way, why are you here?” 
Lynda glared at me as if she expected me to be scared of her gaze. 
“Me? I am Adrian’s girlfriend. He personally invited me here.” 
I nodded as a thought occurred to me. “I see.” 
“Let me warn you. Stay away from Adrian.” 
I laughed in response to her warning. “Tell your boyfriend…” 
I paused, smirking at her. “I mean your ex–boyfriend.” noveldrama
Her 
eyes widened when she heard me. “W–What nonsense!” 
I gently held her hand and patted the back of it with my other hand. “Tell your ex–boyfriend not to come after me. I have no interest in him. But it looks like you can’t seduce him properly. He is not satisfied with you. Isn’t it the reason for your breakup?” 
I winked at her to spread a pinch of salt in her invisible pain. When Adrian and I were married, this woman caused me a lot of pain. 
How could I pass up such a wonderful opportunity? 
20 
She shook her head in denial. “You are wrong. You have a misunderstanding. He didn’t break up with me. So do not take a chance with my man. If you dare to even look at him again, then- ahhh!” 
She released a low moan of pain. I gave her a light twist of the wrist. She tried her best not to scream in front of others. 
I grinned at her with amusement in my face. 
“I 
ed! 
to stay away from me. But he da 
today. Tell him not to do that again 
HIS BONUS 
interfere with my life.” 
I let go of her hand, and she huffed with a shocked face. 
I patted her cheek and said, 
“Good girl. Now go and start seducing that man like past days before some other bitch like you snatch the chance away from you.” 
CON BUNDU get more free bonus CON BUNDLE 
D 
L2 
GET IT 
###Alpha 266
Third POV 
“How long are you going to stare at her? Go and tell her what is on your mind,” Beta Patric said to Adrian. 
Adrian’s gaze lingered on Natalia. He saw how she was talking to Lynda. His keen eyes picked up on the way she twisted Lynda’s 
wrist. 
But for the first time, he did not want to go between the two women. He was curious to know how far Natalia would go. 
He thought back to the last time she broke Lynda’s hand. 
“What is Lynda doing here?” Adrian asked Patric. 
Asking Delta Julian to come to the bar area, Patric mindlinked with 
him. 
As soon as Delta Julian came, Patric said, 
“You had the guest list. Have you extended an invitation to Lynda?” 
Adrian looked at Julian to know the answer. Because he did not invite Lynda to this party. 
“No way. In fact, I double–checked the guest list. She was nowhere on that list.” 
“Does that mean she came here without an invitation?” Patric asked. 
Adrian turned his gaze to Lynda. Then he saw his mother approaching her with some guests. By looking at how delighted his mother was to introduce Lynda to others, he understood something. 
“I know who invited her.” noveldrama
“Who?” Patric and Julian asked together. 
Adrian motioned his gaze in Lynda’s direction. They spotted Grace with Lynda together. They also realized that Grace was the one who invited Lynda to the party. 
Her intentions were clear to them. She wanted Adrian to patch up with Lynda. 
After a while, a large birthday cake appeared in the hall. Gazing in amazement, all the kids made circles around the cake. 
Aria peered at the cake with a smile. “Look at our birthday cake, Noah! It is so beautiful!” 
Noah remained quiet. His expression was not amused as he took a quick look at the cake. 
Meanwhile, 
Natalia noticed her children’s mood. She was with them, trying to spend time with them as much as she was able to. 
She kissed Noah’s head and asked, 
“What happened to my big boy? Why is he not happy?” 
She had been asking him what Adrian had told him or done to him. But he refused to answer her every time. 
It dawned on her that he was exactly like his father. 
Arrogant and stubborn. 
“Nothing, Mommy.” 
Gripping her children’s hands, Natalia made her way to the birthday cake, which stood in the middle of the hallway. 
“Babies, come to your grandma. Let’s cut the cake,” Grace told the twins as she stood there with Lucas. 
Natalia looked at her twins and smiled at them. “Go to her. She is calling you two.” 
Aria tightened her hold on Natalia’s hand. She was unwilling to leave her hand. She wanted to cut the cake with her parents together. 
“Mommy, come with us.” 
She pulled Natalia along with her. Noah was quietly following them. 
Natalia could not help but stand with the twins in front of the cake. 
All the guests looked at her. She saw Max standing in the crowd. He gave him an assured nod, which caused her to smile. 
“Where is dad? Dad?” Aria suddenly asked. 
At that time, Adrian entered the crowd and came to stand next to Aria. 
He put his hand on Aria’s head with a smile and glanced at Noah, who ignored him. 
“Princess, cut the cake.” 
Everyone witnessed Natalia Hansley and Adrian Miller standing together with their twins. It was only possible because of their children. 
###Alpha 267
“Noah, baby, hold the knife with Aria,” Natalia said to Noah when she noticed his upset face. 
Noah listened to his mother and held the knife, and then both of the 
children cut the cake. 
At first, they fed the cake to their mother. Adrian stared at them, avoiding looking at Natalia. 
Seeing that no one was paying attention to her, Lynda lowered her head. She was about to step back when Grace stopped her. 
“Lynda, come here.” 
Lynda walked to the kids with a fake smile on her face. 
“Happy Birthday, babies,” she said to the twins. 
Aria looked frightened. Meanwhile, Noah was glaring at her. 
Natalia tightened her fists when she saw her twins‘ reactions. 
She shot a glare at Adrian. 
He was the reason her children were acting that way. That woman terrified them to the point where they could not hide their emotions or express them to others. 
Adrian was not looking at her. She looked away with a sigh of irritation. 
The party proceeded smoothly. The other Alphas spoke with Natalia and inquired about her brother’s health. Some of them even asked forgiveness about the day they saw her in Adrian’s company’s meeting room. 
Natalia wondered why they were apologizing to her. They appeared 
+1S BONUS 
to be frightened, as if she did not forgive them, they would be in big trouble. 
Her gaze was drawn to Max, who had not approached her after going to his beta. 
‘Did he warn these Alphas about something?‘ she thought in her mind and smiled. 
Everyone had dinner after a while. 
Max was silent during the dinner, which made Natalia feel strange. 
Natalia said goodbye to her children when it was time to leave. She felt emotional, thinking about when she would get to see them again. 
It was the fault of her fate. It separated her from her children. 
Her children hugged her and said they were her strong kids. When they left the hall with their grandmother, Natalia felt empty inside. 
She glanced around the hall and saw that all the guests were still present, but they would depart soon since it was getting late. 
At that time, all the lights in the hall were turned off. 
Natalia could hear the noises of the guests. She walked a few steps in the dark. 
Then, all of a sudden, a light suddenly came on and fell on her. 
She was shocked. 
What was happening? 
The whole hall lit up, and her eyes fell on the man sitting on his knee in front of her. 
“Max!” 
She let out a gasp. She heard whispers around her. noveldrama
“What are you doing, Max?” 
“Forget about what people say. Your well–wishers will always support you. 
Max’s words brought silence to the entire hall. 
Natalia blinks her eyes while looking at Max. 
He extended his hand to Natalia while holding a ring in his other hand. 
“Will you be my girlfriend, Natalia?” 
Natalia’s eyes widened. Though she agreed to him before, she did not expect him to propose to her like that in front of everyone. 
“H…” 
Max gave her a wide smile and said, 
*If you agree, I will exchange the ring for an engagement ring in the future. I would like to take some time to cherish you first.” 
No one had ever made her feel special like this before. She ignored the other guests and smiled at him. 
She put her hand over his and answered, 
“Yes, I will be your girlfriend.”
###Alpha 268
When Max placed the ring in Natalla’s hand, everyone around them started clapping. 
Some of the guests were clapping with concern. They were puzzled. A few days ago, they heard rumors that Alpha Adrian was pursuing. Natalla. 
They were unsure whether the rumors were true or not. They were afraid of offending Adrian if this was true. 
Max stood up after kissing the back of Natalia’s hand. 
Natalia hugged him with a smile. 
“Thank you for not making me regret my decision,” she muttered in at low tone. 
He wrapped his arms around her and whispered into her ear. 
“I told you, I like you. That was why wanted you to be with me. I only want you to be happy.” 
They chuckled as they broke the hug. 
Meanwhile, sitting on a couch in a far distance, a man was piercing his gaze on them. noveldrama
He tightened his grip on the glass he was holding. The pressure he applied to the glass caused it to shatter inside his palm in a matter of seconds. 
“Alphal” 
Theta Emon let out a gasp. 
All the officials turned to Adrian and looked shocked when they saw the blood rushing out of his palm. 
“Call Harold immediately,” Beta Patric said. 
Delta Julian gave him a nod and dialed Harold’s number. 
He frowned as he said, “Why is the pack doctor not receiving the calls?” 
All the officials looked worried for Adrian. Though his palm w heal soon, what about the flanks of the glass that pierced his p 
“I can do that, Alpha. I know the basic treatment,” Gamma Benja said, approaching Adrian.. 
But Adrian did not move. He had a chilly expression in his eyes. gaze lingered on Natalia’s closeness to Max. He felt a sharp pair his chest as he saw her smiling at another man. 
He had never felt this way before, not even when he saw her w Eric. 
Perhaps it was because Eric did not propose to her like that in fro of his eyes. The way Natalia was behaving so softly with Max wa killing him inside. 
He tightened his fists again when he saw Natalia blushing as sh hugged that man. 
“When she said a new life, she meant a new man,” he muttered 
under his breath. 
Gamma Benjamin was a young man with a short temper. When he saw Alpha’s face reflecting pain, he could not stop himself. 
“That healer! Let me teach him a lesson.” 
He was about to go in Max’s direction, but Beta Patric stopped him by grabbing his arm. 
“Control your rage. That is what your Alpha will take care of. You 
can’t kill the healer. He is not a member of our pack but a chief guest.” 
The beta’s cold tone prevented Gamma Benjamin immediately. He lowered his head with a nod to calm himself. 
Patric glanced at Adrian when he noticed other Alphas approaching them to ask permission to leave. 
“Tell them Alpha is busy. I’m taking him inside. If not, who can predict what storm lurks behind his quietness?” Patric said to others, then grabbed Adrian’s arm to help him. 
Adrian yanked his arm away. When he got up from the couch, blood started to drop on the floor. 
“I’m leaving.” 
###Alpha 269
All of the officials were stunned. Adrian saw Natalia leaving the party with Max. She did not even bother to glance at him for once. 
“Where are you going? Beta Patric asked him 
Adrian remained silent and reached for the suit jacket he had removed and placed on the couch a while ago. 
He walked past everyone and made his way to the entrance. His jacket was hiding his wounded hand. 
“Adrian.” 
He stopped his steps and turned around. 
Lynda approached him and looked at him softly. 
“You didn’t even talk to me during the whole party. Are you starting to see me as a stranger?” 
She continued to move her wrist, which appeared swollen. Adrian’s eyes landed on her hand. It reminded him of how Natalia had hurt 
her. 
“Go to the pack hospital to get your hand treated. I don’t think it’s a major wound since you can move it.” 
After saying that, he turned around and headed to the entrance once again. 
Lynda’s jaw tightened as she fixed her gaze on his back. 
“Even though he knows that woman hurt me, he is still warning me not to make a scene in front of people. He was just giving me an indirect warning!” 
She knew Adrian very well. His words were not simple, like others, 
but full of meaning and warnings. 
She stomped her legs on the floor in anger. “Why are my plans all failing miserably?” 
She was depressed. She had no idea why Adrian was acting so viciously. In his eyes, she was he one who saved him in the past. How could he have ignored his life savior in such a way? 
Indeed, no one could tempt him. 
Meanwhile, 
Adrian left the pack house and came outside. 
His driver rushed to his car because he had been outside for a while 
dinner. 
“Alpha, are you going anywhere?” the driver inquired, unlocking the 
car. 
Adrian opened the door and shoved his jacket inside the car. 
He turned to the driver and said 
“Give me the keys.” 
The driver was about to hand him his car keys, but his eyes widened when he noticed blood all over his palm. 
“A–Alpha, your h–hand.” 
“Give it to me,” Adrian said calmly. 
But the driver could see how icy his eyes were. He immediately handed him the keys and stepped aside. 
Adrian got inside the car and started it. The driver observed him gripping the steering wheel with his bloodied palm. noveldrama
‘How is he going to drive like that?‘ The driver thought in concern. 
Adrian drove out of the pack house area, heading to a place he had not been in six years. 
His eyes were on the road, but his mind was reminding him of what had happened at the party. 
His face did not stay calm anymore. His eyes turned red, and his face became fiercer. 
He tightened his grip on the steering wheel, and his hands and forehead started to pop veins. 
Even though the tight grip was dripping blood, he chose to ignore the pain. In front of his blazing heart, nothing existed. 
The car finally stopped in front of a house. 
He leaned against the car after getting out of it. 
He stared at the house for a while, and then memories started to pour in. 
He inhaled deeply before making his way to the front door. 
Just before he pressed the doorbell, the chief maid, Amanda, opened the door with a shocked expression. 
“Alpha, welcome back home!” 
###Alpha 270
Adrian’s POV 
‘Home?‘ 
Adrian thought, and he glanced behind Amanda. The sight of his home caused his eyes to become dark. 
It had been a very long time since he had entered his home. So many years had passed. That was the home he and Natalia shared 
once. noveldrama
This place was starting to feel lonely to him after Natalia left. Therefore, he made the decision to never return. 
However, after so many years, he came here. He desired to experience loneliness once more. But it was not the whole truth. With that loneliness, Natalia’s memories were here too. 
“How are you, Amanda?” 
His question shocked Amanda. He had never asked that to her before. Her expectation was that he would return home, but he never did. She was upset that Natalia had divorced Adrian. She had seen how that girl used to stay here alone in this house without her husband. 
Sometimes, she slept on the couch in the living room while waiting for Adrian to return. But she always felt her heart was broken. 
Later, when Adrian took another girl into the house at that time, Natalia cried a lot. She had witnessed Natalia’s breakdown. 
“I’m fine, Alpha. What about you?” Amanda said, stepping aside to let him enter the house. 
“Hmm, good.” 
Adrian entered the house. Amanda could not understand if he replied to her question or just responded to her answer. 
“Alpha, your hand!” 
Amanda was taken aback when she noticed blood dripping on the floor from Adrian’s hand. 
“That’s nothing,” Adrian said to her and headed upstairs. 
Amanda was a few years younger than Adrian’s mother. She had 
seen Adrian growing up. She was aware of his demeanor and behavior. 
That was why she was stunned when he saw him here. 
Meanwhile, 
Adrian went upstairs and approached a door. He stopped at the door and stood there for a while, hesitating to enter. 
After a while, he grabbed the doorknob and opened the door. 
Almost immediately, so many reflections came to his mind. The room was locked for years. 
He slowly stepped inside and reached his hand for the switchboard beside the door. 
When the room was illuminated by the light, his eyes wandered around the whole room. 
He remembered coming to this room for the first time with Natalia after their marriage. That night, her smile was contagious as she talked endlessly about her day. 
Later, he was getting annoyed with her voice and reprimanded her to stop talking. At the time, he felt that she had completely ruined his life, and he hated her for it. 
With a slight cough, Adrian made his way to the bed. He sat on the bed, remembering how he used to spend his nights with her. 
He wondered what he had done to her that she despised him so much. Because in his memory, he only avoided coming home and ignored her all the time. 
Was it all his fault? 
Suddenly, his eyes moved to the drawers of the nightstand. Het slowly opened the first drawer and saw the diamond ring that Natalia had left there. 
It reminded him of the ring Max had put on Natalia’s finger today. 
His blood boiled once again. 
The card was also present, which he had foolishly offered her that day. But he did not mean it for bed service; he just wanted her to 
day with the money on the card. 
pace th 
He checked the second drawer and took out his ring, which he had placed there after their divorce. 
He closed the drawer after grabbing the ring and putting it in his pocket. 
He did not want to stay there any longer because his mood was worsening. 
However, his eyes fell on the last drawer. He had never looked inside the drawer. 
He slowly opened the drawer and found an album and a diary. 
The album contained photos of both him and Natalia. But his gaze was drawn to the dairy. 
He could not help but think, 
‘Is this her diary? She liked to write diaries?‘ 
###Alpha 271
Adrian’s POV 
I stared at the diary for a while. The brown hardcover of the diary caught my attention. It was soft yet hard, and its mesmerizing paint was visible on top of it. 
I sighed and stood up from the bed. With the diary in my hand, I left the room, glancing around for the last time. 
When I closed the door behind me, I saw Amanda outside the room. 
“Alpha, Doctor Harold is here to treat you.” 
I frowned at her. “Who told him that I’m here?” 
She lowered her head in response. I did not need to take time to understand that it was she who informed Harold and asked him to come here to treat my wound. 
“Tell him to come to the study room.” 
“Yes, Alpha.” 
Amanda left to call Harold while I walked in the direction of the study room. 
I opened the door and found the room clean, indicating that the maids clean this room every day. 
After shutting the door, I made my way to my chair. After sitting on the chair, I put the diary on the table and moved it aside. 
After a few minutes, Harold came to the study room. He requested me, as he said, 
“Please come to the couch, Alpha, I need to disinfect your wound first.” 
Though I had no wish to treat my wound, I stood up and went to the couch. 
I sat down while Harold sat next to me. He then began to pull out the tiny pieces of glass that were still pierced in my palm. 
I felt no pain. That pain was nothing to me. I remembered the most painful wound of my life. 
It was when Natalia dug her claws in my chest to rip my heart out of it. I was hurt that she wanted to kill me in the war, when my intention was to go to that war only to save her from any harm. noveldrama
I glanced at my hand and noticed Harold using some potion on it. 
“What is it?” I asked him. 
The red potion felt like a thorn in my wound as I hissed and shook my hand. 
Harold grabbed my hand and began to apply some ointment. 
“Alpha, that’s the new potion wal got from Doctor Max.” 
I yanked my hand away and grabbed his collar in anger. He shook in fear. 
“A–Alpha.” 
“How dare you use it on me? Who told you to to use it? I don’t need anything from that man. You got it?” 
“Y–Yes.” 
I realized I was a little harsh on my head doctor. I let go of his collar and glared at him. 
“Now fix it as soon as possible.” 
“Y–Yes, Alpha.” 
*15 BONES 
He hurriedly bandaged my hand and stood up after putting all the things in his first–aid box, which he had brought with him. 
“Then permit me to leave your house, Alpha. 
I gave him a nod. When he made his way to the door, I asked, 
“You are friends with Natalia. I saw her giving you flowers too. Did you know that she was going to be with Max Harrison?” 
Harold turned around to look at me. I did not look at him; I was only waiting for his reply. 
“Alpha, Natalia is an Alpha female, a powerful woman. She can get any man she wants.” 
COIN BUNDLE get more free bonus 
D 
id 
? 
###Alpha 272
When Max left the study room, I tried to think about what he meant. 
“She can get any man she wants? Does she want Max? Does she like him? Why? What is in him that makes her want him?” 
So many questions flowed through my mind. I wanted to ignore them, but they kept roaming in my head. 
My eyes moved to the desk where I put Natalia’s diary. 
Suddenly, I became very curious to see her handwriting and to know what she wrote inside it. 
I stood up, went to the desk, and took a seat in my chair behind the desk. 
I grabbed the diary and opened it. 
My brows lifted when the first page appeared in my eyes. 
It was adorned with a photograph from our wedding. There was a small note written underneath it. 
“My married life with the person I love the most.” 
My fingers curled as I read the line again and again. It was just the day we married; how could she write that she had loved me the most? 
I turned the page and started to read. noveldrama
There were many details about me. She thought of me as her superhero because I saved her from that old man that night. 
I read on about her attempts to fit in with the culture of my family. 
Her handwriting was beautiful, and the way she wrote was a clear explanation of her feelings. 
When I read about her inner thoughts after I married her, a smile. appeared on my lips. 
She was very excited and nervous about how she would spend the rest of her life with me. 
A frown formed on my face when I read something bitter. 
“Today, Mom and Dad arranged a yacht for me and Adrian. Since he refused to go on a honeymoon with me, they planned a special night 
for us. 
I am very excited because Adrian has agreed with his parents. 
I am wearing a red backless dress. It’s not like I wanted to seduce him, but I wanted to look beautiful for him. I want this night to be memorable for us.” 
It was like she wrote that before going outside. Because after a page, she wrote something else. 
There were a few drops of tears that were dried on the page, which caught my attention. 
“Adrian was not picking up my calls, so I went to the port alone. I thought he would be there. 
But when I reached the port, I only found Dad’s men, who helped me get into the yacht. They said Adrian would come soon. 
The yacht was looking very beautiful, decorated with flowers and candles. Under the darkness of the night, it was illuminated on the river. 
I waited for him for a long time. I told myself he would come, but he never did. 
When I saw the yacht begin to move, I was scared and rushed to the captain. I asked him why he started it because my husband had not 
arrived yet. He just replied to me that Adrian would not come. 
I had to spend the whole night all alone on the yacht, staring at the lonely river. 
don’t know why he hates me so much. Why can’t he see how much I love him? I am his newlywed bride. What’s more important to him than me? Or he doesn’t care about me at all?” 
I moved my eyes from the dairy. My eyes turned dim as I recalled that night. I indeed ignored her and spent my night at the bar, 
drinking. 
A bitter taste of regret filled my heart as I realized how lonely she must have felt that night. 
###Alpha 273
“I am trying to learn Adrian’s favorite things. Mom said Adrian likes stargazers. I was overjoyed to finally know about his favorite flower. 
I went to a flower shop and bought some fresh stargazers. The saleswoman was very sweet. When she heard I was buying the flower for my husband, she made a perfect bouquet for me. 
But it seemed like Adrian no longer liked this flower. Or I could say he did not like it when I bought it for him. It was my first time giving him something. 
All of my excitement was crushed when he threw the bouquet in the dustbin and said to me, 
‘Everything can turn into ashes with the touch of your hand.‘ 
I cried after coming back to the bedroom. Why did he dislike me so much?” 
I closed my eyes as I put Natalia’s diary on the desk. I leaned my head back against the chair. 
I did not realize the feelings she was expressing through those flowers. I had no idea she used to love me and care for me. 
That time, only one thing was fixed on my mind, and that was that she was a wicked woman who only wanted Luna’s position. 
I recalled the day when she gave me another present. It was a white shirt. I poured red wine on it to show her that her gifts were 
worthless to me. 
I knew she wrote about that in her diary too. 
I did not want to read anymore as the guilt sulked at me inside. 
I opened my eyes after a long time. 
Unwantedly, my hands moved to the diary again. I turned a few pages, as I could only see her bitter memories with me. 
Something grabbed my attention all of a sudden. 
I sat up straight after reading the first line. 
“Today he brought a woman home with him.” 
I began to read her thoughts after seeing Lynda. I knew she did not feel good since she used to love me. noveldrama
“I was so shocked when I saw that woman. I must say, she is very beautiful. Maybe that’s why Adrian likes her. 
I am feeling self–conscious about my look now. I think I am not that beautiful. Because whenever I try to dress well for him, he calls mè ugly. 
This is what my parents called me, too. They are right. I am ugly. Adrian does not deserve me. 
But what would I do? I have loved him for a very long time, even before our marriage. I can’t leave this man. He is my life. I have no one in this world except him.” 
She used to love me before our marriage? I was confused. 
I let out a shaky breath. Why was I even reading this? To make myself feel even worse? It was full of sadness. Did I never give her any moments of happiness? 
I was about to close the diary when the wind that came inside the room from the window turned a few pages. 
My eyes darkened as my eyes landed on a page and I read it. 
“Why is Lynda doing this to me? Because of her, Adrian yelled at me today. I was scared he was going to slap me. That was not how my 
husband used to be. He had only said bitter words before. But now he has turned into someone else. 
Lynda said I abused her. But I never said or did anything to her. I don’t know where the fingerprints came from on her cheeks, but it wasn’t me who slapped her. 
She always lied to Adrian about me. I always try to make him. 
understand that I have never done anything to Lynda. But he only believes in her. 
Maybe he loves her. That’s why my scream of truth never reaches his ears.” 
I almost tore the page as I curled my finger on it. 
‘Did Lynda always tell me lies about her?” 
Chopalman  ? 
###Alpha 274
“No. No. How is that even possible?” I muttered, grabbing my head with my hands while shaking it in stress. 
I recalled the days when Lynda told me how Natalia slapped her, cursed her, abused her, and even threw her out of the house. because she just wanted to wait for me there. 
“Did she really lie to me?” 
I remembered that I always scolded Natalia because of Lynda. It was because Lynda kept talking about Natalia all the time. She urged me to divorce her as soon as possible. 
But I always ignored her request since, somewhere in my heart, I did not want to divorce Natalia. In fact, my wolf wanted her. 
I only scared her about divorce, but it was never my plan. 
I glanced at the diary and shut it. Though there were many more pages to read, I closed it. 
I had no patience to read since I wanted to know something else.” 
I needed to ask Lynda why she did that. 
I rose up from the chair and walked to the window. I saw the sun begin to rise. 
I wondered how long I had been reading that diary. I did so many terrible things to Natalia that it broke my heart. 
I should not have done that to her. 
Now, I realized why she hated me so much. It was because I had hurt her in a really bad way. 
I lit a cigarette as the stress was grabbing my head with a deadly 
headache. 
While taking a puff of smoke, I pulled it out of my pocket and called Patric. 
As soon as that man received the call, he barked on the phone. 
“Harold informed me that you are at that house. Why are you there?” 
“Stop barking. It is me, not you, who is your Alpha. Now stop asking questions and come over to my company’s apartment. I am heading there.” 
“Adrian, we haven’t slept the whole night thinking about what was wrong with you. Now you are calling us for work? Is it time for work? You should take a nap first. Wait, are you drunk?” 
I rolled my eyes and cut the call. I was in no mood to reply to his numerous questions. 
He was aware of what the phone cut meant. I wanted them in my apartment right now. 
I turned around to leave the study room. Before leaving, I glanced at the diary on the desk. I walked to it and put it inside my desk’s 
drawer safely. 
As I left the study room, a few maids bowed to me with stunned faces. noveldrama
I realized that since it was early in the morning, all the maids had just woken up. 
1 
I gave them a nod while walking past them. I went downstairs and came to a stop in front of Amanda who was standing near the 
staircase. 
Amanda.” 
She quickly bowed to me and replied, 
“Yes, Alpha.” 
I glanced at the room where Natalia used to stay. I took a deep breath and said, 
*Clean that room just like it was six years ago. Don’t change a single thing. I am going to move here soon. 
###Alpha 275
I drove the car to my company’s apartment. On the way, I sent a message to the person I needed to talk to the most. 
When I arrived at my company’s apartment, I pulled over my car and got out of it. I saw many cars there, indicating to me that all of my officials were inside my house. 
The moment I walked inside the house, I saw them seated on the couches. When they noticed me, they stood up from the couches. 
“Are you alright, Alpha?” Theta Emon asked. The tone of concern. lingered in his voice. 
“I’m fine.” 
I strolled over to the couches and took a seat. I was tired, but my mind was thinking about something else. 
“Are there any commands for us to follow?” Gamma Benjamin asked. 
I glanced at Patric, who gave me a suspicious look. He was my best friend for a reason. He understood my state of mind. He realized that something was not quite right. 
“What happened?” he asked. 
I told them what I found in Natalia’s diary about Lynda. 
They were looking at me with shocked expressions. But Patric looked calm yet confused. 
“I knew there was something wrong with this woman. How can anyone be so innocent?” he said. 
As soon as I heard him, I remembered all the times he had told me that Lynda was not the right fit for me and that she was not cut out to be the Luna of our pack. 
+15 A 
BONUS 
I always avoided his advice because I believed that, as the person who saved my life, this was the only thing I could offer her. I could give her my name, my respect, and the position beside me. 
In a hushed voice, Gamma Benjamin muttered, “I think Natalia did not lie.” 
According to his reaction and words, he trusted Natalia, but he did not trust the woman who had been his Alpha’s girlfriend for a 
number of years. 
Was it because Natalia helped him heal his wound? 
“I also think so,” Delta Julian said. 
As I heard their opinions, I remained silent and fixed my eyes on the door. 
When Patric noticed that I was looking at the door, he asked, 
“What are you looking at?” 
All of the people in the room heard a knock on the door at that moment. They turned their heads at the door. 
“Who is here at this time?” Theta Emon said. noveldrama
“Open the door,” I told him. 
He obeyed me and got up from the couch. He walked to the door and opened it. 
When he opened the door, Lynda’s face appeared in his sight. 
“Lynda?” 
She gave him a push on the shoulder to get him to move away from her, and then she entered the house 
“Your Alpha is the one who perse 
wanted to meet me.” 
After saying that to Theta Emon, she turned around with a smile. Immediately, her eyes fell on me, sitting with my men. 
She looked uncomfortable, seeing other officials here. She might have thought I was drunk and wanted to spend some time with her since I had lost my mind after watching the woman I loved with another man. 
But the situation was something else. 
She started to walk to me with a confused mind. 
She stood in front of me and said with a smile on her face, 
“You wanted to see me, Adrian. I’m here for you.” 
###Alpha 276
Third POV 
Despite the fact that Lynda was completely unaware of the reason why Adrian had called her, she was filled with joy on the inside. It was true that when she saw all of his officials in his house, she felt a little taken aback. 
On the other hand, that was completely unrelated to her. Adrian himself called her. 
She was feeling hypnotized as she gazed at the dashing man who was sitting in front of her. All these years, she had wrapped him around her fingers, so when suddenly he asked for a breakup and told her that he loved Natalia, she was shocked. 
Since Natalia was running after Max, instead of solving everything with Adrian, it was easy for Lynda to take Adrian back to her. 
Adrian signaled for Lynda to sit next to him. Lynda went to sit next to him on the couch while maintaining a cheerful expression on her face. 
During this time, every single official appeared to be anxious. They exchanged a quick glance with one another, unsure of what Adrian would do next. 
Adrian asked Lynda without looking at her, 
“When I met you after my marriage, what did you say to me at that time?” 
The question that he asked left Lynda feeling lost. She cast a glance in the direction of Beta Patric, who appeared indifferent. 
Her gaze then returned to Adrian, and she responded by saying, 
“What are you talking about, Adrian? It is hard for 
+IS DONE 
With a frown on his face, he listened to her response. As soon as he turned around to face her, she became aware that this man was in a very gloomy mood. 
After taking a deep breath, she cleared her throat. 
“You mean our first meeting?” noveldrama
“No, our second meeting.” 
“Oh, yes. S–Second meeting,” Lynda replied, thinking that she almost got caught. 
“What did I say about Natalia to you?” he asked again, this time a little more clearly. 
As she pondered the reason behind his unexpected inquiry about Natalia, she raised her eyebrows. 
“You said you were married, but you wanted to give your Luna’s position to me.” 
“I said, what did I say about Natalia?” he muttered under his breath. His eyes were fixed on her, giving her shivers all around her body. 
After a brief moment of reflection, Lynda was able to comprehend what he was referring to. After a while, she realized what he wanted to know. 
“You said your wife has nothing to do with me. You assured me that she would never hurt me, and at the same time, you took a promise from me not to hurt her.” 
As he observed her facial expressions, Adrian continued to stare at her. She did not look like she was pleased talking about Natalia. 
Every line that Natalia wrote about Lynda in her diary reflected on his mind. 
His fists tightened as he thought about those days when he yelled at Natalia and even slapped her once. 
Just thinking about the slap, his blood was boiling as his eyes darkened. 
His dark gaze shot at Lynda as he asked with a deep and sharp tone, 
“When I said she had nothing to do with you, then why did you hurt 
her?” 
Lynda’s lips parted. “What are you saying?” 
“You abused her in my absence, didn’t you?” 
Lynda’s eyes widened as she stood up from the couch. 
“Adrian, what are yo-” 
He interrupted her as he asked her another question, 
“Why were you misleading me about her and forcing me to mistreat her?” 
###Alpha 277
Lynda took a step back, and Gamma Benjamin came dangerou close to colliding with her. However, he grabbed her arms and moved her away from him. 
When Lynda caught a glimpse of him, she was filled with fear because he appeared to be a beast who could attack her at any 
moment. 
She averted her gaze and looked at Adrian with a nervous face. “Adrian, why are you saying that? When did I do this?” 
Adrian did not stand up; instead, he leaned his back against the couch as if he were not in a bad mood. 
When Lynda saw Patric handing him a cigarette and lighting it for him, she swallowed her breath. 
She was frightened by Adrian and each of his officials. 
Only one question roamed in her mind: 
‘How did Adrian get to know about this?” 
After a collection of thoughts, she dared ask him a question. 
“Did Natalia tell you this? Adrian, she lied to you.” noveldrama
Adrian stared at her. His face looked cloudy from the fog coming out of his mouth and spreading around him. 
She made her way over to him and sat down on her knees in front of him. With a soft voice, she took his hand and said,” 
“I have never lied to you, Adrian. You were mine from the be Then why would I choose to lie?” 
Adrian yanked his hand awa 
shock. 
“If you knew it, then why did you make up stories and tell me t she always abused you? The first time you showed the fingerpri on your cheek, those weren’t her fingerprints. Who slapped you t day?” 
Lynda’s eyes grew wider. Why was Adrian going so deep? 
She had already forgotten about it. It had been seven years sir she first met Adrian. How would she recall every single thing no 
“Adrian, now you are accusing me. I am a dignified woman. You can’t blame me for anything like this,” Lynda said, getting on her f 
She turned around and began to walk toward the door. But Delta Juliana stooped her as he stood in her way. 
“How dare you stop my way?” she yelled at him, losing her mind. 
She knew how clever Adrian was. If she remained here for more time, he would make her spill everything. 
“Don’t talk to my Delta like that: Don’t forget who made you that dignified woman.” 
Adrian’s deep voice shook her inside. She slowly turned around: saw Adrian getting up from the couch. 
She took a step back when she saw Adrian moving his steps tow her. 
In a blink of an eye, he came in front of her. It was like the world soomed to have come to a halt, and the only person who could m around was him. 
Upon noticing something in her face, Adrian fu concentration. 
“Why am I seel 
+15 B 
BONUS 
from me?” 
She shook her head as she mumbled, 
“Adrian, I didn’t lie to you. It was that bitch who is making a fool of yo 
Almost immediately, Adrian’s hand grasped her neck as he let out a growl of anger. 
‘Don’t you dare talk about my woman in that way ever again.” 
###Alpha 278
GET IT 
Adrian’s POV 
I i I had lost my mind when Lynda said that. It was impossible for me to hear any bullshit about that woman. It was already too late for me to make amends with her. I was realizing it with passing seconds. 
I was feeling regretful that I had not given her my attention when she required it, that I had not shown her that I cared when she 
specifically requested it, and that had failed to love her when she had shown that she loved me. noveldrama
Lynda’s eyes were widened by my action. I was still holding the cigarette between my fingers while grabbing her neck. 
My officials hurried to me as they grabbed my hand and pulled me away from Lynda. 
The realization dawned on me that I had lost my mind for a second. 
With a look of disbelief on her face, Lynda looked at me. Tears began to form in her eyes. 
“This is what you are giving me for loving you all these years?” 
Her question was emotional, but it did not work on me. I gave her a stern look and inquired, 
“Why did you do that? What was the point of causing her pain when I had already assured you that you would be my Luna? There is no excuse for you to have lied to me. Because of you, I had to treat her so badly that she can’t even forgive me now.” 
Lynda stared at me. My fingerprints were visible on her neck, showing that I was harsh on her. 
“Do not forget that I was the girl who came to your rescue many years ago. I put my life in danger in order to co 
you for anything; you were the one who found me and asked me to be a part of your life.” 
When she brought to my mind the time when she had saved me in the past, I could not help but blink my eyes. I recalled Harold telling me that Lynda was admitted for months because her bones were broken and she was in severe pain. 
My eyes were diverted away from her because I was at a loss for what to do at that precise moment. 
On one side was the woman I loved; she was my mate too. On the other side, there was the woman who saved me in the past. 
I felt my wolf growl inside me, reacting oppositely to me. 
1 heard him say, 
“The whole world knows how ruthless you are. How come you are showing concern for another woman?” 
What he said caused me to frown. I knew he only wanted Natalia. But how could I be so selfish as to show my other side to my savior? At the end of the day, I could not deny the fact that, because of her, I was alive today. 
I tried to calm myself down and nodded my head. 
“Leave.” 
She did not move and said what she should not have done. 
“Adrian, you are right. I lied to you those times. Do you have any idea why? Because I fell for you at that time. You said I was the only woman in your life, but whenever I tried to get close to you, you only called her name. She was the source of my anger. What was in her that I did not have? I wanted you not to go to her. I wanted you to hate her. I was afraid that you would change your mind and throw me out of your life. The thought that you would have a soft or 
your heart for her made me very anxious.” 
I growled at her because her words did not make sense to me. 
I broke the hold of my officials and grabbed her neck once again. 
“How dare you do that? By reminding me of saving my life, you have done many things that I didn’t even count. But that doesn’t mean I will forgive you for hurting my woman.” 
###Alpha 279
Third POV 
As Adrian’s hold tightened, Lynda found that she was unable to breathe. It would have been better for her to leave when he told her to do so. It appeared as though her confession stoked the flames of anger within him. 
Adrian let go of her neck when he noticed that her face was. becoming pale. 
Lynda came to a crouching position and started coughing while she was holding her neck. The coughing continued for a while before she finally raised her head to look at Adrian. 
She was able to observe that his eyes lacked any sign of emotion. There was no remorse in his heart for the way he had treated her. 
She had always been treated with care and respect by him. For the first time, he attacked her as if she had no value in his eyes. 
“Adrian, you did that to the person who saved your life; you are aware of that, right? How can you be so cruel?” 
In response, Adrian gave her a glare and said, 
“If I could hurt my wife all those years she was married to me, you should have realized that this man was not right for you. You were a good woman in my eyes. Never in my life did Limagine that you would turn out to be such a deceitful woman.” 
Lynda stood up straight and wiped her eyes. “You want me to die, don’t you? You are blind to that woman’s love, who is now in someone else’s arms.” 
Adrian clenched his jaw, controlling himself not to do something that would make him fall into a guilt trip! 
She caressed her hand, which had a burn scar. She stared at muttering, 
“You saved me, and because of that, I am letting you go today I get to know that you are hiding more than I know about you, I swear no one will save you from me.” 
Lynda turned around and dashed out of the door. She was while mumbling before leaving. 
“I hate you, Adrian. You broke my heart today for that woman.” 
Adrian lifted his hand and took a deep puff of the smoke. Only smoking could ease his mind. 
“Don’t you think you were a little harsh on her?” Beta Patric as walking toward the bar to make a drink for himself. 
Adrian calmed himself as he replied, 
“I treated her in the same manner that she forced me to treat Nat many years ago.” 
The next day, 
Adrian tried to focus himself on devouring his work. However, was unable to forget what he had read in Natalia’s diary. It was li he was watching her situation and her cries in front of his eyes. 
What had happened at the party and how Natalia had accepted Ma slipped his mind. 
It was noon when he was reading a file. His secretary knocked o the door and then entered his cabin 
He looked at his nervous face and asked, 
“What happened?” noveldrama
He handed Adrian a tab to che 
“Alpha, it seems like some news media leaked your and Miss Lynda’s private photos online.” 
###Alpha 280
Adrian let out a ferocious growl. He threw the tab on the floor when he saw some pictures of the night when he broke up with Lynda. 
Someone clicked photos of Lynda and him when Lynda was trying to kiss him. Though he did not let her kiss him that night, the photos looked the opposite. 
From that angle, it looked like they were making out. 
Adrian was already in a terrible mood. The news and the rumors that were not true hit him like a ton of bricks. 
“What nonsense! Who dares to upload those photos?” 
Upon hearing this, his secretary lowered his head in response. It was evident that he did not know anything about it. 
“Which news agency is it?” 
“Moonlight Star,” the secretary replied. 
Adrian tightened his fists as he muttered, 
“Call that company and talk to them about it. Ask them what headline they make about Alpha Adrian.” 
Almost immediately, his secretary gathered the number of the company and then called the company using his own personal number. 
When a man received the call, the secretary spoke out, 
“Hello.” 
“Who’s speaking?” 
The secretary immediately put the phone on 
“Is it the office of Moonlight Star News?” 
“Yeah.” 
“I was hoping to inquire about the latest news regarding Alpha Adrian. Would you mind telling me what the headline is that you made about him today?” 
“What is the reason for your inquiry?” 
The secretary cast a quick glance in Adrian’s direction and noticed that his eyes were fixed on the phone. 
“I have some news about him. If you can help me, I can help you too.” 
After a brief silence, the man replied, 
“The headline was simple. After his ex–wife accepted the love of the healer Max Harrison, Alpha Adrian patched up his relationship with his ex–girlfriend.” 
The man’s words caused Adrian to let out a chuckle as he listened to them. He shook his head and said, noveldrama
“When it comes to headlines, you guys are really bold.” 
The man was taken aback when he heard Adrian’s deep voice calling out to him. 
“Who is speaking?” he asked. 
Adrian took the phone from his secretary and placed it on the receiver before he resumed his conversation. 
He put the phone close to his ear and replied, 
“Your demise.” 
“W–Who?” 
“Who gave you the audacity to publish something about me with my permission? You have no idea what you have done; you are completely clueless. I wonder what I should do for your family.” 
“A–Alpha!” 
“You are the manager, aren’t you? Where is your boss? Give him th news that I am going to shut down his business because he attempted to interfere in the personal life of the head Alpha.” 
“Alpha, we didn’t do anything. The photos were sent to us by an unknown sender from a number that we do not know. We just mad the headline.” 
Adrian was not a fool. He did not need to think much to know who could send the photos. 
“That is the reason why I inquired about the headlines rather than the photos.” 
The man was shocked. He could not help but only contact the boss 
about it. 
Meanwhile, Adrian tossed the phone toward his secretary. 
“Shut down that company and forbid all of the banks that had provided him with loans over the course of all these years. They should go bankrupt by tomorrow morning.” 
The secretary nodded his head in response. It was not new to him to do this kind of job. After all, he was the secretary of Alpha Adrian. 
When the secretary left 
thought came to his Adrian became 
lonely in his cabin, a 
Without any delay, he got up and picked up his suit jack 
heading towards the door. 
“I won’t let her misunderstand 
###Alpha 281
Natalia’s POV 
“Natalia, why don’t you have lunch with us?” 
My mother asked when I was about to leave the house. noveldrama
When I turned around, I saw her approaching me. She was in my brother’s room in the morning. 
“Mom, you know Miss Liana is not at the coffee shop. I need to open the shop right now. Everyone who works there is currently on their way to the shop. I got late today since I didn’t wake up in the early morning.” 
“But, my child, health is important too.” 
“Mom, I will eat something there. I don’t want to disappoint Liana. 
“I am sure you didn’t give her any reason to be disappointed with you. You are such a hard–working employee. There is no doubt that she is very pleased with you.” 
I gave my mother a hug and tried to persuade her that I was unable to make it to lunch with them. 
When I just turned around at the door, my legs froze. 
A frown appeared in my face when I saw a car that I was familiar with coming to a stop in front of my house. 
I could clearly see the man getting out of his car because my house’s door was ajar. 
“What is he doing here?” my mother asked with annoyance. 
1 gave her a quick glance and then responded, 
“Mom, you should go inside. Let me see what he wants.” 
“But-” 
“Mom, please. I don’t want him to talk to you and Dad again. So please go to your room.” 
My mother glanced at the man for the last time and turned around to go to her room. 
I returned my gaze outside my house. I saw him approaching my house. 
My eyes were fixed on him as I stood at the entrance. 
I saw the news today. He was kissing his sweetheart when he was photographed by the press. 
1 could not help but laugh to myself, thinking that he had never actually ended his relationship with that woman. The night that 
Lynda denied me about their breakup, she was absolutely correct in her place. 
“Natalia.” 
He let out my name as soon as he stood in front of me. 
“Adrian Miller,” I muttered under my breath. 
I could see the maids glancing at the door, looking at Adrian with wide eyes. They might feel a fan moment since they always drool over his photos on their phones. 
I turned to look at the maids and said, 
“Leave me alone.” 
My order appeared to have left the maids feeling dissatisfied. They nodded their heads and glanced at Adrian again before leaving the living room. 
I returned my gaze to the man, whom I did not w 
“I am curious as to why you are here, Alpha Adrian.” 
He looked at my face as if he was trying to determine whether or not I was pleased to see him there. A chuckle came out of my mouth in response to his gaze, 
“You must be lost and come here mistakenly.” 
He took a deep breath, shook his head, and then spoke up. 
“I came here to tell you that the news is not true. There is nothing between Lynda and me anymore. Those were old photos, and I didn’t kiss her. The entire thing is nothing but a fake rumor.“
###Alpha 282
Adrian’s words took me by surprise 
“Did you come here all the way just to tell me that the rumor is fake? “I asked him with disbelief. 
“Adrian, have you lost your mind?” 
He let out a sigh as if he were relieved. He lifted his head and rubbed the back of his neck, averting his gaze away from me. noveldrama
I heard him muttering, 
“I thought you would misunderstand me.” 
I raised a brow. There was something odd about him. I could see that he was behaving strangely. 
“Why would I misunderstand you? I don’t have anything to do with you. I have my own boyfriend now. I don’t care about anyone else’s breakup or patch–up,” I replied with a grin. 
I thought about Max. I was impressed by the way he let everyone know he liked me. 
I glanced at Adrian, who stared at me. His eyes darkened as if he did not like what I had just said. 
“You should not have accepted that man. He is not good for you. 
“Excuse me?” 
He stepped toward me, which caused me to take a step back. He stepped inside my house, and his eyes roamed around it. 
“What’s wrong with you? Why did you enter my house like an uninvited guest?” 
He scoffed at me and repl 
“The whole pack is mine. I don’t need anyone to welcome me.” 
He walked past me and went in another direction. I frowned as I turned around. 
“Where are you going?” 
“Where is Alpha Martin?” 
I walked to him and grabbed his hand. My wolf reacted to the touch. 
I turned Adrian to face me, ignoring my wolf. 
any shit 
“Why do you want to see my dad? Is there anything left to say to him? You have already insulted my dad a lot. I won’t take today.” 
He glanced at my hand, which was wrapping around his wrist. 
“Language, woman. In a few years, your way of speaking has changed a lot. This is not how a Lu-” 
He paused when I raised a brow at him. He looked away from me and murmured, 
“No woman should talk like that.” 
I rolled my eyes at him. “You came here to argue with me, didn’t you? 
I let go of my grip on his wrist, but he grabbed my hand, making me pause. 
He gazed into my eyes. I noticed something that made me feel awkward. 
His eyes became softer. I blinked my eyes and looked away from him. 
“Leave my hand,” I muttered in 
+15 BO 
He drew me closer, which shocked me. I was about to yell at him but his soft tone dug into my heart. It was the tone I wanted to hear all the time in the past, but he never once tried to talk to me like that) as if I were a lifeless doll to him. 
“Natalia.” 
I took a deep breath as I glared at him. “What new thing do you 
come 
up with? What’s your reason to come here? Tell me.” 
Then he said something that reminded me of my past once again. 
“I had done very wrong with you. Throughout our marriage, I 
believed Lynda’s lies and misunderstood you. I am sorry, Natalia.” 
? 
###Alpha 283
Third POV 
Natalia was speechless. She could only stare at Adrian as all the pain came to her in flashbacks. 
She almost forgot everything and tried to start a new life. But it looked like this man could never let her forget anything. 
“Sorry for what? For hurting me? For humiliating me? Keep showing me my place in your eyes?” 
Her question left him shaken. For the first time, he felt his heart burning while looking into her eyes. 
It was because she opened up her emotions and allowed him to see the condition of her broken heart. 
He clenched his jaw as his heart started to beat faster. 
He wanted to hug this woman and told her that he was apologizing for everything, though he knew she would never forgive him. 
“What about meeting after many years? What did you do? Was it Lynda who forced you to separate my children from me? Was she the one who forced you to insult my parents? What about the days I had to suffer for you?” 
She yanked her hand away from his grip and stepped backward. 
“I hate you from the bottom of my heart. What you did to me is unforgivable. Even if I want to move on, your past haunts me at night. I can’t forget the days of my pregnancy when I spent nights waiting for my husband to find me to get me back.” 
“Natalia” 
“Don’t come here again. I don’t want to even see your face. You see 
how happy I am right now. That’s why you came here to ruin it by reminding me of my past. This is all you can do, Adrian Miller.” 
Adrian shook his head. But every time he thought about her being with Max, his blood boiled. He could not just calm his anger. 
“I am your mate.” noveldrama
He had no other option but to remind her about their mate bond. He wanted to get her back in his life anyhow, even if it was because of the matebond. 
“Max will mark me so- 
He grabbed her hand once again and muttered, 
“Don’t you dare. You can choose to punish me. But I will never let you be his mate.” 
Natalia was shocked by his warning. He stared into his eyes. 
“What do you want? What should I do?” she asked, feeling defeated by his continuous approach. 
His eyes caressed her face as he tried to find words to explain t her what was on his mind. He decided to let go of his ego and finall tell her how he felt about her. 
He wanted to tell her that he loved her and wanted to cherish her. H wanted her to leave the other man and give him a chance in her lif 
Natalia, I-” 
drian was interrupted by a deep voice. He turned his head and sav lpha Martin descending the stairs. His gaze was fixed on his hand hich was holding his daughter. 
What is going on here?” 
###Alpha 284
Natalia turned around and saw her father. He did not seem pleased 
to see Adrian there. 
Natalia yanked her hand away from Adrian and moved away from him. 
“Dad,” she mumbled. 
Alpha Martin walked up to her and looked at Adrian. 
“All hail to the head Alpha,” he said, bowing his head to him. 
Natalia clenched her fists around her dress in an attempt to control her anger. Her father had never bowed to another Alpha before. 
It was because his son eventually took over as the head alpha after he had been one for a while. He was not required to bow down to his son in order to be respectful. 
But now, he was bound to bow his head toward Adrian. 
All the old pain washed away from her heart as they reminded her of the hatred she felt for Adrian. 
“Raise,” Adrian said to Alpha Martin, glancing at Natalia. 
Alpha Martin stood straight and looked at him. “Is there anything we can do to help, Alpha?” 
His voice was emotionless but professional. He did not forget how to talk with a head Alpha, and at the same time, he could not forget how this man rejected his request when he begged him not to ruin his daughter’s life once again by taking her children away from her. 
“I wanted to talk to your daughter. But…” Adrian let out a sigh and continued, 
“Alpha Martin, I think we should talk first.” 
Natalia frowned in confusion. What was he going to talk to her father about? 
Would he give him some warning again? 
At that moment, Natalia’s mother, Jade Hansley, walked back into the living room again. 
She was in her room, but she was not feeling well inside. She was worried for her daughter, so she came here to check on her. 
“Natalia, what happened?” Jade asked. 
Natalia shook her head, indicating that there was nothing to worry about. 
Alpha Martin agreed with Adrian and gestured him in the other direction. 
“Of course. We can talk in the study room.” 
Natalia shook her head at her father, telling him not to go with Adrian. 
She did not trust that man for a moment. 
But Alpha Martin did not listen to her since Adrian was the head Alpha and he could deny his wish. 
He led Adrian to the study room and gestured for him to sit down on the couches. 
Adrian looked around the room. There were many books on the bookshelves. 
Instead of sitting on the couch, he walked toward the bookshelves and began to look at the books. 
He checked to see if Natalia had written any more diaries. Sin 
liked to write, he was curious to know how she spent all these years without him. 
“Why are you here, Alpha?” Alpha Martin asked directly. 
“Do you like to write diaries, Alpha Martin?” 
Martin was baffled by his question. “Diary? No.” 
Adrian turned around and muttered, 
“Bad thing. You should write about your daily life. It will make you remember your past if you by any chance forget about it. 
“Alpha, please let me know what you would like to discuss.” noveldrama
Adrian did not waste his time. He did not beat around the bush and replied truthfully, 
“I love your daughter, Alpha Martin.” 
###Alpha 285
Alpha Martin’s eyes widened. But then it was surrounded by 
darkness. The air of mystery hit him as he stared at the mysterious man, Alpha Adrian. 
There was no way this man could love someone. The man who only knew how to rule packs without any emotions could never love 
someone. 
Martin could never forget how Natalia had to pass her days alone. He could never forget the condition in which Jason found Natalia in the forest. 
“Alpha Adrian, you are the great Alpha who has many packs under your rule. I can only request that you let my daughter go.” 
His reply made Adrian growl. He could talk softly with Natalia, but not with her father. 
His aura changed as he walked toward the middle–aged man. This man was still strong enough to walk with all of his strength, giving off the vibe of how he used to rule a pack a few years ago. noveldrama
“I think you didn’t listen to me carefully. I said, ‘I love your daughter‘.” 
His voice came out as a warning to Alpha Martin. 
Alpha Martin stared at him calmly. 
“I am helpless at this moment. As you can see, I have nothing in my hand. My pack is also yours now. So I have nothing to offer you to leave my daughter’s life.” 
Adrian glared at him.“Why did you keep talking about leaving her? Don’t you know that she is my mate? Can you deny her fate?” 
Alpha Martin let out a shaky breath. He was close to the couches. So when he took a step back, he fell onto the couch behind bir 
Adrian came to him and asked, 
“Are you okay?” 
Alpha Martin was surprised. The man, who did not even like to think twice before killing, was asking him if he was okay. 
Adrian shut his eyes and tried to calm himself. 
He sat on the couch across from him. “I just want to tell you that Max Harrison is not a good match for her.” 
Alpha Martin coughed a little. Adrian grabbed the glass, which was placed on the tea table near the couches. 
He poured a glass of water and handed it to him. 
“Well, it should be you who are supposed to ask me about drinks. But it’s okay. You are her father. I let it slide for today.” 
Alpha Martin drank the water and then set the glass on the table. 
“Alpha, my daughter is strong enough to protect herself. I am not the one to tell her what to do. If she feels that man is not good for him, she knows how to step back just like she did years ago.” 
Adrian felt a pang in his heart. He looked away from Alpha Martin. 
After a moment of silence, Alpha Martin stood up from the couch. Adrian’s eyes followed him as he saw him walking to a bookshelf. 
Martin pulled out an old book, from which he removed a photo. He went back to Adrian and handed the photo to him. 
Adrian frowned as he looked at the photo. But his frown disappeared almost instantly. 
His eyes widened in shock just looking at the photo. 
###Alpha 287
Adrian stared at Alpha Martin for a while. 
He looked like a broken father who could only beg for his daughter’s life. noveldrama
“I have already lost my child. I can’t lose another one.” 
Adrian tightened his grip around the doorknob. He felt his heart turn cold. 
The cloud of emotion changed into darkness in his eyes as he nodded his head. 
“I granted your request.” 
After saying that, Adrian left the study room. 
Alpha Martin could not believe his ears. Did he hear right? Did he really finally convince Alpha Adrian to stay away from his daughter’s life? 
He followed Adrian behind while glancing at him. He had heard a lot about Adrian when he was the head of Alpha. 
In fact, his father, Alpha Lucas, was in a good relationship with him. But everything changed when someone stole Natalia when they were coming to visit this pack. 
They tried to find her everywhere but could not get her. From then on, he stopped every connection with this pack. 
As soon as they reached the living room, Natalia stood up from the couch and rushed to her father. 
Adrian’s steps halted as he turned his head to look at her. 
He remembered the photo he had seen in the study room. He did not return the photo to her father. Instead, he kept it in his pocket for himself. It would always remind him of what he had done to her. 
“Dad, is everything okay?” Natalia asked in a worried tone. 
Adrian could see how worried she looked. He looked away from her and began to walk to the 
entrance. 
Natalia’s mother, Jade Hansley, called him from behind. 
“Alpha.” 
Adriam turned to her without replying. Jade cleared her throat and asked, 
“I set the table since it’s time for lunch. We can not let you leave without eating something. Adrian moved his gaze at Natalia, who shook her head at her mother, indicating that she did 
not want him to remain here any longer. 
Adrian smiled at Jade calmly and replied, 
“Thanks for asking, but I am not hungry.” 
After saying that, he left the house. 
He walked to his car with a lost look. His driver opened the back door for him. 
He slowly got inside and leaned back against the seat. 
His body felt lifeless. 
He came here with so much pain in his heart, but now he was leaving with the pain that could never be heated. 
“Alpha, where to?” the driver asked. 
Adrian blinked his eyes and turned to the window as he muttered, 
“Where no one can find me.” 
The driver was shocked after hearing him. “Alpha…” 
He looked at the driver and replied, 
“To my home,” 
The driver immediately started the car, confused about why he chose to return home after so 
many years. 
Adrian’s eyes were outside the car. He saw how his pack members lived so peacefully under his rule. 
However, why could he not feel peace anywhere? 
He closed his eyes and thought, 
‘Even if I want, I can never get you. The pain I gave you is beyond repair. Why did I fall for you when fate was always against me? What is this love that I can’t even express to you?‘ 
###Alpha 288
A FEW MONTHS LATER 
Natalia’s POV 
Today was a really good day. Because today my brother moved his finger. It was clear evidence that he was getting better. 
I was so relieved to see that with my own eyes that I was unable to express it to anyone. I was shocked when I noticed that, but then I realized the day was not far when my brother would get back to us soon. 
I wanted to give Max full credit for my brother’s recovery. 
He was a really kind person. When I accepted to be his girlfriend, I did not know what his personality was. noveldrama
As the days and months passed, I discovered more and more about him. 
He was not only a healer, but also a mysterious figure. He possessed many abilities that could heal anyone. I admired the mark on the back of his neck. It glowed red whenever I touched it. 
According to him, the red color there could only be seen by another healer. I had no choice but to believe him since he was my boyfriend. 
He always told me that I had the potential to join him in the medical field. So he assisted me in carrying on with my research in that particular field. 
I began a study that dealt with both potions and medications. 
He was teaching me how to make potions for any disease. I was shocked when, for the first time, I successfully created a potion like his. 
It was the same potion that I had to give Alpha Lucas to save his life. 
Max told me that I would learn a lot more about these powers. It was posh old that someday I would also get a mark like him as a healer as well. 
“Natalia, they are here.” 
Theard my mother calling me. Hearing that they were here, I rushed out of my bedroom with a bright smile. 
When I passed the bel 
“Mommy.” 
Aria and Noah ran to me when I entered the living room. They had just entered the house. 
I bent down and hugged my babies. 
“How are you two?” 
+15 
“Mommy, we missed you.” 
“What about us?” My father asked them. 
They went to hug him and then hugged my mother. I got to my feet, smiling at them. 
“We missed you two,” Aria and Noah said to their grandparents. 
I stood there, looking at how happy my parents were to have them. 
It had been a long time since Aria and Noah started to meet me. 
A few months ago, when Adrian left my house, he sent my children to my house with Delta Julian. He said my children could live with me four days of the week and with him the other three days. 
I was so happy and wondered if my father was the one who asked him for it. 
I was still curious about what he had said to my father that day in the study room. My father never shared with me the conversation that Adrian had with him on that day. 
###Alpha 289
“Mommy, let’s go somewhere today.” 
It was Aria who was trying to convince me to take her somewhere outside. 
“Baby, I need to go to the coffee shop. Can we go outside this weekend?” 
Noah walked to me after he had finished his homework. He sat next to us on the bed and said it to Aria like a big brother. 
“Don’t bother Mommy. Or I will complain to Dad.” 
Noah calling Adrian “dad” did not surprise me. 
Adrian somehow changed his mind and created a little space in his heart for himself. 
It was because nowadays he gave his children his full attention whenever he was at the pack house. 
“No, don’t complain to Dad. He said, If I disturb Mommy, he won’t call me princess.” 
I raised my brows, listening to their conversation. It was true that I still hated that man. But I was surprised at how he handled the children, especially Noah. 
“How is your punishment going?” I asked Noah. 
“Mommy, that’s not a punishment. Uncle Benjamin said I will be the head Alpha in the future. So I need the training,” Noah replied to me proudly. 
I chuckled as I heard him. 
I always wondered what Adrian did to Noah at his birthday party. Later, I got to know that his punishment was to start his training at this age. Though it was a little early for Noah to learn fighting, it was really not a punishment either. 
“You are a fan of your dad.” 
“No, he is not. My friends‘ mommies are fans of Dad. They always ask me about him. They told me to tell Dad to pick me up from school.” Aria said, leaning on the bed with a laugh. 
I scoffed while thinking how shameless those women were who were asking a child about her father. 
“Don’t listen to them. You are a good kid. Don’t disturb your dad. He is a busy person.” 
“Yes, Mommy.” 
As a mother, I had to teach my children how to behave properly and respect others. I was only doing my duty. 
As was getting read to leave for the coffee shop told them to ex 
Dana bad returned to the coffee shops ago tha from full–time to hartie sich to work with Alex during the dige 
After combing my hair and cutting on a pair of heels turned to my older who were Going in my re 
Sabes Mommy s going out. Do you thing 
“e cran” Ara said with a delighted 
“What about you. Now 
“Nothing Mommy” noveldrama
Isighed as I felt my son getting mature day by day 
“Okay, bye 
I said to them and left my bedroom. When I was about to take a step foard / hear w talking with each other 
“Why doesn’t Mommy go to Dad’s house” Ara said to Nowh 
“You know they are not together. Our friends say that too Noah replied 
After a pause, Aria said, 
“But Dad talks about Mommy all the time 
日 
###Alpha 290
I chose to ignore their conversation and proceeded to leave my house. 
They were children who could easily be brainwashed. What was most upsetting to me was the fact that they had to listen to a lot of taunting remarks at their school. 
We could not stop anyone’s mouth. 
Their father was single, and their mother had a boyfriend, which might be a big topic among their friends and their parents. 
But I could not do anything about it. I finally realized that I also had a right to live my life. I should not care about what others say about us. I was just worried about my children’s mental health. 
After hailing a cab, I climbed inside of it. I headed to the Moon Lovers coffee shop. 
The time was in the afternoon. 
At that time, the coffee shop was completely full of customers because this was the time of day when the most customers came in. 
After arriving at the coffee shop, I went inside. I smiled at the employees while heading to the 
counter. 
“Laiana.” 
I greeted Liana, noticing that she was sitting on a stool behind the counter. 
“Am I too late for today?” I asked her, walking toward her. 
“No way.” 
In response, I gave her a nod and then proceeded to put on the apron. 
When I started taking orders, I noticed that some of the customers recognized me. 
“Aren’t you Natalia Hansley?” A young woman asked me. 
“Yeah.” 
“If it is okay with you, would you mind if I took a selfie with you?” 
“Yes, please. Can we?” 
Not only did that woman make the request, but a few other women who were sitting next to her did as well. 
I chuckled at them in response, as I did not know what to say. Every day, people recognized my 
face and asked for selfies like that. 
I could not help but look at Liana with an awkward smile She nodded and walked over to the table. 
“I’m sorry, guys. But no photographs of our employees.” 
“But why?” 
“See that board. It is a rule at our restaurant.” 
They turned their heads and looked at the white board hanging in a piller, saying, 
No Photos With Our Employees.‘ 
The women felt upset. They could not take pictures with me, so they started to write a status about meeting with me, the ex–wife of Alpha Adrian and girlfriend of Max Harrison. 
Though I had my own identity in the Blue Blood Pack, here they only focused on their head Alpha. 
“What would you like to have?” 
I continued to do my job. I did not feel like a celebrity or someone special. These things disturbed my mind a lot. However, associating my name with powerful men had a big impact on my daily life. 
As I was making coffee for the customers, I got a phone call. 
I glanced at the phone and saw that it was Max. 
I wiped my hand with a warm towel and grabbed my phone. 
I went to the changing room and received the call. noveldrama
“Max.” 
“Where are you, sweetheart?” 
I blushed when he addressed me by sweetheart. We were getting closer slowly since he was giving me time to move on from my past. 
“I’m working right now.” 
After speaking with him for a moment, he stated, 
“I am back to the Crystal Blood Pack. When you are done, I will come get you.” 
日
###Alpha 291
Third POV 
“Okay,” Natalia replied to him softly. 
She flashed a grin as soon as he hung up the phone. She felt that he was a caring person. He called her to know what she was doing. 
She could not meet him for the last few days because he had to go back to his pack. His head Alpha wanted to discuss something with him, so he had no choice but to return there. 
“He is back! That’s nice,” she mumbled, walking out of the changing room. 
Afterwards, she focused all of her attention on the tasks at hand. 
At the time that it was time to close the shop, each and every employee said their goodbyes to her. 
It was Natalia’s duty to close the shop like that all the time. 
She locked the door and stood outside the shop. 
It was cloudy outside, but she was unaware of this while inside the store. 
The dark clouds were hiding the color of the sky, leaving no shadow of the moon. 
When Natalia looked up at the sky, she noticed that there was lightning in the sky. A few seconds later, she heard the sounds of a thunderstorm. 
She took her phone out of her bag and looked at the time. Max would be here anytime. 
“Should I call him?” 
She thought for a moment, then decided to call Max. noveldrama
Max received the call, telling her that he was on the way. 
Natalia hung up the phone and put it inside her bag. 
She felt a drop of rain falling on her. She looked up at the sky, and slowly, a few more drops fell on her face. 
She smiled when she saw that it was raining. 
She chose to feel the rain when she smelled it in the wind. 
As she started to move, the rain started to fall over her. 
A car stopped beside her, and Max got out of the car. He swung an umbrella hastily open and placed it over her head. 
“You will catch a cold. Don’t get wet in the rain.” 
But at that time, Natalia was already drenched in rain. 
She turned to him with a smile and snatched the umbrella from him. She tossed it 
somewhere and grabbed his wrist. 
“Max, feel the rain. It’s so refreshing.” 
Max stared at her for some time, then blinked his eyes. He took a hold of her wrist and pulled her closer to him. 
Natalia was stunned. Under the rain, she was looking at his face. 
“Nothing is more refreshing than seeing you again,” Max said loudly, so that she could hear him in the rain. 
He lowered his head to kiss her cheek. She pushed his chest with a shy smile. 
Max chuckled as he observed her enjoying the rainfall. 
Meanwhile, 
Under the rain, there was another car that was parked close to the coffee shop. 
A man was in the driver seat, looking at the couple with dark eyes while smoking. The raindrops were making sounds as they kept falling on the rooftop of the car. He was not bothered by anything but the closeness between them. 
His eyes paused when he saw how happy the woman looked without him. 
###Alpha 292
The next day. 
It was too late for Natalia to make it to the coffee shop. She caught a cold. Last night, she did not listen to Max and got wet in the rain. 
Later, when Max dropped her off at her house, she began to sneeze. She had a little fever this morning, so she slept for a long time 
After lunch, she decided to go there to do her duty. It was not her shop that she could refuse to go there anytime. Just because her boss, Liana, was a good woman, she could not take advantage of her. 
You look pale. What happened to you? Liana asked her. 
Natalia fold her about last night, and Liana chuckled at her. 
“You young people really find rain enjoyable, don’t you?” 
“Not everyone, but at least me. Max tried to stop me a lot of times. I should have listened to him.” 
Liana made a cup of cappuccino and handed it to Natalia. 
Natalia smiled when she smelled the coffee and felt refreshed. “Thanks, Liana. 
She returned to work after drinking the coffee. 
The half of the day went busy as she had to manage a few aspects of the shop’s modification 
Liana thought of redecorating the shop to attract more customers. So Natalia worked with the architecture. She directed everything 
The architect team was stunned by how talented Natalia was in the marketing and financial fields. 
When one of them recognized her, they learned that she was once the CEO of the Blue Blood Pack, the boss lady every Alpha wanted to deal with. 
Thank you so much, Natalia, Liana said, appreciating her hard work. 
That’s nothing” Natalia said, sneezing 
It was late in the evening when she took a quick look outside. The fact that it was the rainy season meant that there was a chance that it would rain continuously throughout the night. 
“You are free to leave now; I will lock the shop today,” Liana said. 
Natalia turned to her. She wanted to tell her that she could handle it. But her hea really badly. 
“Okay.” 
She agreed with Liana and took off the apron. She looked at the clock to check the time. She found it was nine in the evening. 
After saying her goodbyes to Latana and the other people, she exited the coffee shop. 
Natalia came to the realization that she had left her umbrella behind in the coffee shop. But she thought she could get a cab in a few steps, and the rain was not that heavy either. 
She started walking for a while, but she was unable to locate a cab anywhere in the area. The rain began to pour heavily, which made her feel pain in her head. 
As her steps were getting slower, she felt she was feeling dizzy. 
She blinked her eyes a few times and realized that she had come to the highway while walking noveldrama
She looked left and right to hail a cab, however, the raindrops felt harsh on her head. 
She closed her eyes as her head began to spin and her body began to feel lighter. She held her head and was on the verge of falling to the ground when a pair of arms wrapped around her body to hold her. 
She tried to open her eyes to see the person, but she only caught a glimpse of his face. “Adrian?” 
D 
###Alpha 293
Adrian took a look at the woman he was holding in his arms. He carried her to his car and put her in the passenger seat. 
After fastening the seat belt, he placed his hand on her forehead to check the temperature. 
She was burning with a fever. 
When he stood up straight and shut the door, his gaze eventually moved away from her face. 
Water dripped from his hair locks as he walked in the rain to reach the driver’s seat. 
He got in the car and started it before glancing at her. 
The car was silent, as the woman in the passenger seat was unconscious and the man in the driver’s seat was driving the car in the opposite direction of her house. 
The car was filled with the sound of a ringtone, which caused Adrian to frown. 
He looked at his phone and noticed it was Theta Emon. 
He received the call and said, 
“What?” 
“Alpha, we are at the club for a meeting. Where are you now?” 
Adrian turned his head at Natalia and then returned his gaze to the road. 
“I can’t come.” 
“What are you saying, Alpha?” 
The phone got snatched from Theta Emon as Beta Patric spoke out. 
“You said you would arrive in half an hour. What exactly has happened now? It’s a pack meeting, Adrian.” 
Adrian did not give a damn about any pack meeting. He was currently with the woman he desired but never had the opportunity to be with. 
“She has a fever. I can’t leave her in this condition,” he muttered. 
All the officials got confused by his words. They could hear them when Beta Patric put the phone on loudspeaker. 
“Who?” 
He took a deep breath, then let out her name with his deep voice. noveldrama
“Natalia.” 
“What? What is she doing with you? My Alpha, you can drop her off at home and come here. We can wait one more hour.” 
Adrian scowled in anger when they did not understand him. “I’m not coming tonight. Cancel the meeting.” 
After saying that, he cut the call and switched off his phone. 
It was difficult for him to concentrate on the road when Natalia was beside him, completely wet from the rain. 
He kept glancing at her while driving. 
She was the center of his attention for the last few months. 
Even though he was far away from her, she was very close to him. He did not go to her or let her come close to him. He loved her from afar. 
Wasn’t taking care of someone you loved from afar also called love? 
He drove for a long time until the car stopped in front of the familiar villa. 
He parked the car and got out of it. He opened the door next to Natalia and knelt down to pick her up and carry her in his arms. 
While he was holding her in his arms, he made his way toward the entrance of the villa. 
Without delay, the security guards opened the door for him while cautiously glancing at Natalia. 
When he stepped inside the house, Amanda walked to him with a stunned face. 
“Alpha, Luna is back!” 
###Alpha 294
Adrian did not stop as he made his way to the stairs. 
“Amanda, follow me.” 
Amanda hurriedly followed Adrian behind him. She was worried about Natalia. 
What had happened to her? 
Since the last time she had seen her, so many years had passed. When she saw her again, she was overjoyed. But she was concerned that Natalia might be sick. 
“Open the door,” Adrian said, signaling Amanda to the room where Natalia used to stay before. 
As quickly as she could, Amanda made her way to the door and opened it for him. 
Adrian walked inside the room and laid Natalia on the bed. 
The bedroom was completely clean. A few months ago, he told Amanda to make the maids clean the room. After that day, he came to the house to stay in the room whenever his children left the pack house to live with Natalia. noveldrama
This bedroom reminded him of her. So he liked to stay here. 
Adrian’s eyes observed Natalia’s face. She was completely drenched in rain from head to toe. 
The focus of his attention shifted to her light–colored clothing, which clung to her body and revealed her inner wear. 
Instead of staring at her body, he turned his attention to Amanda. 
“Is she okay?” Amanda asked him in a worried tone. 
“She is running a fever. Change her clothes into a comfortable one. 
After saying that, Adrian left the bedroom. 
Amanda glanced at the door. Adrian could have changed her clothes. But he told her to do that. 
Did he truly care about her feelings to the extent that he did not want to touch her without first obtaining her permission? 
“Only if he showed his care to her before divorce..” she mumbled while shaking her head. 
She went to the closet and took out a towel, then began to wipe Natalia’s body first. 
“Luna, everything has changed the moment you left.” 
Inte bong room 
Adron was smoking while walking back and forth. 
Even though the rain had soaked his entire body, he did not seem to care about it. He was word about that woman 
He wanted to call Harold, but stopped himself from doing so. 
She will make up soon anyway. 
After some time, Amanda came downstairs. She bowed to him and said, 
Alpha, I wiped her body and changed her clothes 
He gave her a nod. He looked upstairs as he smashed the cigarette bud on the ashtray that had been placed on the table near the couches. 
Adrian was about to walk to the stairs when Amanda spoke up. 
“Alpha, you should also change your clothes. You will get sick.” 
“Don’t worry about me.” 
It was in the last few months that Adrian started to speak gently with her. He was like a son to her. It gave her a good feeling that this young man was treating her well. 
As Amanda watched Adrian go upstairs, a smile spread on her face. 
She had never witnessed Adrian showing such concern for anyone else. She saw worry in his eyes, which indicated that he really liked that woman. 
Or perhaps it developed into love. 
Amanda shook her head while heading into her room, which was in the other corner of the house. 
“I hope this night will change everything and bring them closer once again.” 
D 
###Alpha 295
As soon as Adrian entered the bedroom, the first thing that caught her attention was the clothing that Natalia was wearing. 
She was wearing his white shirt and black sweatpants. 
A tiny smile rose on his lips as he saw her in his clothes. 
He walked to the bed and stood beside her. His gaze rested on her face as she looked refresbed. He put his hand on her forehead. He frowned when he saw that her fever had not subsided yet. 
After he had finished wrapping a blanket around her body, he moved back and went to take a shower. He needed to change clothes too. He did not want to sit on the bed with his drenched clothes. 
When he came out of the bathroom, he was in casual clothes. His black t–shirt and black 
sweatpants gave him a young look. 
He rubbed his hair while walking to the bed. He threw the towel on a couch and sat on the edge of the bed beside Natalia. 
He stared at her for a while after checking her fever. He decided to place a wet, warm cloth on her forehead. 
Just as he was about to get up, he noticed her head moving. 
He paused and looked at her carefully. 
He lifted his hand and cupped her cheek. He gently rubbed her cheek with his thumb. 
“How are you feeling right now?” he asked in a low tone. 
Natalia slowly opened her eyes but hissed when she felt her head aching. 
It took her a few tries before she finally opened her eyes. She blinked her eyes a few times, and after that, she noticed that her vision had gained some clarity. 
At first, she did not understand anything; she only felt a warm touch on her cheek, which made her feel better in the fever. 
But when she realized who was in front of her, she immediately jerked up. She tried to sit up while pushing him away from her. 
   
“Adrian? What are you doing here?” She mumbled, trying to understand what was happening. 
Not feeling well, she put her hand to her forehead. The blanket dropped from her upper body down to her waist, causing her entire body to shiver in cold. 
It was making her feel chilly. 
Adrian moved away from her and stood up. “Take it easy.” 
“What are you doing here?” she asked him again. 
She tried to get out of bed in that state, but Adrian stopped her by holding her hands. 
“Adrian, leave me.” 
“You should get some rest. You can’t go anywhere right now.” 
She shook her head, as she was feeling annoyed by him. The fever was making her feel unwell. 
“Leave.” 
“No, I can’t.” 
*Adrian, I need to go home.” 
“I will let your family know about it.” 
“No, you don’t need to do that. My children are at my home,” she said in a mumbling tone. 
She was losing all of her strength. 
Adrian was about to say no to her again, but he froze when his eyes fell on her chest. 
Her cleavage was visible as the shirt moved slightly around her chest. noveldrama
But that was not caught in his eyes. 
It was the claw marks over her breasts that grabbed his attention. 
Support 
get it 
x 
###Alpha 296
Natalia could not tell where he was looking. She assumed she was looking at her breasts. So she quickly crossed her hands over her breasts. 
“Pervert.” 
Adrian was stunned by seeing those marks, so he did not pay attention to what she had just 
said. 
He moved away from her and muttered, 
“So this is the reason why you are losing your strength day by day.” 
Natalia could not understand what he was saying. She tried to cover her chest by covering her body with the blanket. 
She felt warmth inside the blanket, which gave her body a little relief from the cold. 
She saw Adrian moving toward the door and thought she was leaving her alone. 
Glancing around the room, she recognized that it used to be their bedroom. 
Her consciousness slowly returned to her as her sight became more clear. 
The sound of the door being closed caused her eyes to move to the door, and she looked at it. 
Her eyes widened when she saw Adrian locking the door. 
“What are you doing?” she asked with a raspy tone. 
Her throat was throbbing with pain. She felt hurt while speaking. 
Adrian turned around and did not reply to her. 
Natalia felt she was getting weak in front of this man. Her body was becoming numb from the fever. She wondered why these days she was getting sick so often. 
She was an Alpha and used to have much strength to blow away this type of fever overnight. 
Why not now? 
Adrían came to a halt beside her. She looked at him suspiciously. 
“Look, I’m sick right now. I am not in the mood to fight or argue with you.” 
Instead of paying attention to what she had to say, he lowered his gaze to her chest. The sight of his gaze caused her to frown. 
As she wrapped her hands around the blanket, she tightened her grip. “What are you looking 
at?” 
He grabbed the blanket and removed it from her body. 
She gasped in shock. Her eyes grew wider with his action. 
“Adrian, what a coward you are! When you saw I was not at my full strength, you took me here to take advantage of me.” She let out an angry yell. 
She got out of bed and started to hit Adrian on the chest. 
“You want to sleep with me to take advantage of my this weak state, don’t you? Cheap man! Cruel man!” 
Adrian grabbed her hands, then locked them behind her back. It caused her body to draw closer to his. 
He sighed when she looked at him with wide eyes. 
“Relax. I’m not taking advantage of yo-” 
She did not let him finish and started moving again. But this time, it caused Adrian to lose his balance. 
Both of them fell on the bed together as their bodies pressed against each other. 
Natalia could not be more shocked. 
On the other hand, 
Adrian was taken aback when he realized that she was not wearing anything inside the shirt. 
He could feel that. 
It took Natalia a few seconds to react. She again tried to push him. noveldrama
However, Adrian grabbed her hands and locked them over her head with his one hand. 
He looked into her eyes and said, 
“Don’t move to awaken my inner beast. I am just going to heal your wound.” 
###Alpha 297
Natalia stared at Adrian for a while, as he did not move from her body. 
He is going to heal my wound? How? Why?‘ she pondered to herself. 
Her eyes widened in surprise as she recalled how he had given her fingers a healing. 
“No, I don’t need your help,” she replied right away, 
Adrian observed her expressions and smirked at her. 
“It appears that you have some memory.” 
Natalia tried to break away, but she found him stronger than her, 
“Adrian, I am not feeling well. Don’t mess with me right now.” 
Adrian ignored her remarks and lowered his gaze. He slowly shifted all of his weight to his knees so that she did not feel anything. 
He moved his other hand to the buttons of the shirt. 
Natalia shook her head. “Don’t you dare, Adrian Miller.” 
He frowned at her and asked, 
“It’s not like I haven’t seen them before. I still remember every single mole in your body.” noveldrama
She blinked as she looked away from him. Her cheeks turned red in embarrassment. 
“Shameless man!” she muttered. 
He chuckled at her words. 
“Crazy woman, just take a deep breath and relax You will be fine soon.” 
Adrian undid the shirt’s second button to make the wound more visible. 
His eyes turned red when he saw the claw marks properly. It covered half of her upper chest and hung a few inches below her collarbone. 
Natalia shook her head as she felt awkward. She tried to free her hand. 
“Stop looking at my body like that. I am feeling disgusted by your gaze.” 
When Adrian lifted his gaze te meet hers, she paused. His eyes were blazing with fire. She bit her bottom lip as she swallowed her breath. 
“I will not let you get weaker like this. You are a trong lady, and you should be the strongest. Allow me to heal you.” 
$15 BONUS 
His words came out as if he were asking permission from her. 
Her fever was gradually robbing her of her awareness. She was unsure of what to say. 
“Adrian.” 
Just as she let out his name, he leaned down on her chest. Half of her breasts were visible in front of his eyes. 
He did his best to cover her nipple with the shirt, which could take his attention to another side.. 
Natalia wanted to deny it once again. But she gasped loudly when she felt his tongue swipe over her breasts. 
Her eyes were wide as she stared at the ceiling with a shocked face. 
The touch and the feelings were familiar to her. 
It almost took her breath away. 
Even though she was in a fever, it reminded her of the days when she used to fantasize about him in her dreams. 
Adrian leaned her mouth against her chest and licked the open wounds that had never healed. 
Natalia curled her toes as she felt both pain and a strange pleasure inside her. 
She could not help but let out a moan. 
“Aaahh!” 
###Alpha 298
Natalia’s moan caused Adrian to shut his eyes it was so alluring that he wanted to forget everything and almost did what he was trying to resist. 
Natalia closed her eyes as she realized how close they were, and how intimately he was licking her wound. 
A–Adrian, let me go. My boyfriend won’t like it if he gets to know.” 
Hearing her call Max her boyfriend, his eyes flung open. He lifted his head to look at her face. 
When Natalia felt him leaving her breasts, she opened her eyes slowly. 
She could not help but gulp when she noticed the blood on his lips. His eyes were dark as he gazed at her. 
“If you talk about another man once again to distract me, I will do something that you will regret tomorrow.” 
She did not want him to heal her wound. But the way he was warning her, she was afraid that he would do what he was saying. 
She turned her head to the side to move her gaze away from him. 
Adrian returned to her wound and focused on it. The wound was not his problem, but where the wound was located was the main problem. 
It was the biggest distraction for him. 
if he still controlled his desire and let her go after healing, that meant he was really a man of stone 
He closed his eyes and licked her wound. It was bleeding the more he was licking it. 
He was the only one who could heal that wound So he wanted to heal it as soon as possible. He could not see her in a weak state. 
On the other hand, Natalia started to feel a pain in her chest. With time passing, her wound began to hurt 
She felt like someone was rubbing salt on her raw wound 
As Adnan’s grip loosened around her hands, she immediately placed them on Adrian’s shoulder 
She tried to move but failed. She felt restless as he caged her with his arms. 
“It will ease soon,” he muttered. 
She bit her bottom lip to control her moan. She was unaware that the healing process would cause her pain. 
When the pain slowly eased, she stopped moving and looked at the ceiling. 
Slowly, all of her pain washed away. Her wolf started to jump inside her. His touch caused her body to react as well. 
Whenever Max tried to kiss her, she somehow always managed to push him away because her wolf and her body did not agree with it. 
But right now, they wanted to get touched by this man. 
It made her feel betrayed. noveldrama
When Adrian finished healing the wound, he kissed her breasts and rubbed his nose against her cleavage. He could not resist it. 
He looked up at her and saw that she had fallen asleep. 
He let out a shaky breath as he glanced at her clean breasts. There were no marks on them. It was like her body was inviting him to touch her. 
He shook his head and moved toward his face. He stared at her for a while without moving. He tilted his head to the side and kissed the corner of her lips, then murmured, 
“I wish I could mark you as mine right now. But I will never do that without your consent.” 
###Alpha 299
When I opened my eyes, I was in my bedroom. The moment I realized where I was I let out a gasp. I slowly sat up and looked around at the room that I was familiar with. 
After lowering my head, I noticed that I was dressed in men’s clothing 
Adrian’s scent was coming from the clothes. 
Slowly, one by one, every single thing that had happened last night came back to my mind. 
I brought my hand up to my chest and placed it there. Using my finger, I gently stroked my upper breasts in an attempt to locate any signs of claw marks. 
It came as a surprise to me when I discovered that there was no trace of the marks. 
I felt lost as I began to think about when I had slept and what he had done to me after that 
However, my full clothing indicated that nothing had happened after that. 
“Stop thinking too much.” 
I flinched when I heard a deep voice coming from beside me. 
I slowly turned my head and saw Adrian sitting on the bed, reading a file. “What the hell!” 
I immediately got out of bed, moving backward. 
He looked at me and raised a brow to give me a questioning look. 
“What?” 
“What are you doing here?” 
“You are asking the owner what he is doing in his own house.” 
“I mean, what were you doing in the bed where I was sleeping?” 
He placed the file on the bed and grinned at me before getting out of bed. 
He approached me and came to a stop in front of me. 
“Isn’t it obvious? Do I need to tell you what we were doing last night?” he asked, winking at 
1. me. 
I frowned at him and replied, 
“Nothing happened. You healed the wound that you gave me in the war. And that’s it noveldrama
Adrian looked into my eyes. I could see a smile reaching his eyes 
+15 BON 
That’s it? What about after that? You lost your sanity and wanted me to fu-” 
pressed my hand against his mouth and stared at him with wide eyes. 
Stop fooling me Adrian. I am sure nothing happened.” 
I fet his lips move against my pelim. 
Did he just kiss my palm? 
I moved it away and wiped it on the shirt. I glanced at him and noticed him looking at my 
Crest. 
I lowered my head only to realize that I was not wearing anything under the shirt. 
Many things that I did not want were visible to him. I crossed my hands across my chest. Stay away 
He took a step back, his gaze returning to mine. 
You don’t have to worry about your safety when you are with me.” 
He sounded off, but I did not care. I saw him turn away from me. 
He walked to the door, but paused and said, 
“You may take a shower if you are disgusted by my touch after I healed you last night.” 
BS TALE 1911 cond hee fou you 
###Alpha 300
After Adrian left the room, I huffed and ran my fingers through my hair in anger. 
How did I end up coming here? 
I tried to recall everything, then realized that I fainted in the road and the last thing I saw was Adrian’s face. 
Why did he take me to this house? He could drop me directly at my house too. 
As I was getting enraged at him, my eyes fell on the paper bag lying on the couch. 
I walked to it and grabbed it to see what was inside. As soon as I opened the bag, I found a dress inside. 
I rolled my eyes. That man was really something 
I understood that he arranged the dress for me. 
I hurriedly went to take a shower in the bathroom. 
This room was very familiar to me. 
Every corner of this room was filled with my memories. My mind kept reminding me of everything. 
I took a quick shower, and left the bathroom after wearing the dress. 
I rubbed my hair with a towel while my eyes were searching for my bag around the room. 
My children and my parents might be very worried about me. 
And Max… 
I needed to call him to inform him that I was okay. 
I left the bedroom and went downstairs. My sight captured the house, which I had missed a lot all these years. 
The maids seemed new to me. So they did not look shocked after seeing me. 
I glanced around until my eyes landed on a middle–aged woman. noveldrama
“Amanda,” 
I smiled at her. She did not change much. She still had a strong appearance. Her hair set so perfectly in a bun that not a single hair was unpatched from it. 
“Luna!” 
Hearing Luna from her mouth reminded me of the past few days. 
###Alpha 301
I moved my hands away from her right away. I averted my gaze and cleared my throat. 
I did not want to talk to anyone about it. That man had given me so much pain. Because of him, I had to suffer a lot. It was all right for him to feel regret. 
Suddenly, I clenched my jaw when I thought that man had almost taken advantage of me. 
He dared to change my clothes. I felt so uncomfortable that he saw me naked. 
“I am happy that this dress fits you well, Luna.” 
Amanda’s voice caused me to shift my attention to her once again. 
“Last night, Alpha told me to change your clothes. I had to put on Alpha’s clothes on you since there were no dresses in this house. But today, Alpha ordered this dress for you. I am amazed that he knows the perfect size.” 
I was stunned when I heard Amanda. 
Did he not change my clothes? 
I bit my bottom lip, thinking that I had misunderstood him. 
I let out a sigh of relief and said to Amanda, 
“I’m leaving, Amanda. Where are my shoes?” 
“Luna, don’t leave right now. I set the table for you. You must be feeling sick since you had a high fever last night. Why don’t you have breakfast with Alpha?” 
I shook my head in denial. “No, I need to leave. Have you seen my bag? My phone is inside it. I need to inform my family about me.” 
At that moment, Adrian entered the living room. I glanced at him. He was approaching me. 
I wanted to leave before he came to talk to me. 
“Amanda, bye.” 
I said that and was about to leave but that man’s deep voice stopped me. 
“I see you took a shower. Let’s have breakfast together. I will drop you off at your home after noveldrama
that.” 
I closed my eyes in irritation and turned to him. 
“No, thanks. I can go back by myself.” 
“How? Without a pair of shoes?” he said, lowering his gaze at my feet. 
I looked at my feet while tightening my fists. “Where are my shoes?” 
“First breakfast,” he replied, turning around. 
I glared at his back. He was heading to the dining room. 
“What is wrong with this man? Is he crazy? Shameless man!” I said it loudly. 
Amanda and the maids around us, who were a little far from me, also heard me. 
Their eyes widened in shock. They had never heard anyone talk to their Alpha in that way. 
Adrian did not react to anything, as if he were a man of stone who did not care about anything. 
I stomped my foot on the floor and walked behind him. 
I followed him into the dining room. He pulled a chair beside the head chair and said, 
“Sit.” 
I frowned at him but sat down on the chair. 
He went to sit on the head chair. My gaze was digging on him, which he ignored completely. 
He looked at the table and said, 
“I told Amanda to prepare your favorite dishes.” 
###Alpha 302
on turning my heat to look the discovered that each and every one of the dishes 
was my 
ente 
Sven that I had been living in this house with Amand for two years she was aware of the distes that like the mo 
Why are your congns Tester Auran while even the toot 
tuned my heat at him with a brow lifted 
Do your poison any of the c 
He gave me a of said something meaningless 
After placing some food on a plate that he bed grabbed he then placed the plate in front of 
Succeny, I remembered how I had been waiting for him in this dining room for the rights. thinking that he would returm and I could serve him food like that. But he never returned home 
I looked away from the plate. Why could I just not forget those things 
Pecole moved on in their lives, don’t they? Why could I not do the same? 
I ignored looking at him and focused on eating. I ate fast so that I could leave this house as soon as possible 
I felt food stuck in my throat, and I began to cough. Adrian stood up and poured a glass of water. He bent down and brought the glass close to my mouth. 
I raised my heed to look at him while coughing. I remembered how he was healing my wound lest night. 
It caused me to cough more. I shut my eyes, grabbed the glass, and then drank the whole glass of water. 
I let out a deep breath when my coughing stopped. He patted my upper back and said, 
“You don’t need to eat in a hurry. Eat slowly.” 
I froze because of his touch. 
He poured another glass of water and placed it dose to me so that I could drink it. 
He then went to sit on his chair again 
I glanced at him. He behaved like everything was okay between us. As if we came here for a 
date and he was giving me princess treatment. 
I scoffed at the thought and shook my hand. 
informed your father leat night that you were with me. 
1 paused when I heard him. I looked at him with a frown. “What did you say to him?” 
He looked at me and replied very calmly. “That you are with me at my house.” 
What the hell? Why did you say that? What will dad think 
He put his fork on the plate, which made a little noise. He then asked with confusion written 
on he face 
Thy do you think your father will judge you?” 
My grip tightened around the fork and knife that was holding in my hand. I glared at him and 
muttered 
“‘s not about me but you. He must have been very worried the whole night that her daughter was with you. She is not safe with you.” 
At that time, a few guards came to the dining room. 
They bowed to Adrian and said, 
“Doctor Max is here, Alpha. He said he wanted to see Miss Natalia.” 
I immediately stood up. I realized that Max got to know that I was here with Adrian; that was why he came here. 
Adrian saw me standing up and asked 
“Your foo-” 
I’m done” 
He frowned at me and said. noveldrama
That man is not worthy of you. Why don’t you leave him and come back to me? 
+ was shocked by his question. I got so mad at him that i turned to him, grabbed the glass of water, and threw the water on his face. 
“And you are worthy of this 
###Alpha 303
Adrian’s POV 
My guards were about to move to approach Natalia for what she had just done. 
But I gestured with my hand to stop them right there. 
I shut my eyes as the water rolled down from my head to my face, then my clothes. 
“You are a piece of shit to me. Know your worth before approaching me again.” 
After saying those bitter words, she left the dining room. 
I wiped the water away from my face with my hand and looked at the guards, who appeared 
to be shocked. 
“Go to my car and hand over her shoes and bag. 
The guards were perplexed as to why I was not angry at the woman. 
Go!” I demanded harshly. 
“Y–Yes, Alpha.” 
They hurriedly left the dining room. I stared at the door for a while. noveldrama
I did not get mad at her at all. I deserved it. 
Didn’t I also treat her like that during our marriage? 
I thought about the things that I read in her diary again, and it made me regret once more. 
After that night, I never dared to read that diary again. It was because I was afraid that the more I read that, the more I would feel regret. 
When I walked out of the dining room, I looked directly at the entrance. 
I saw Natalia and Max outside the house. Natalia was putting on her shoes. Max was helping 
her. She stared at him with affectionate eyes. 
Her actions in the dining room did not hurt me, but the way she looked at Max did. 
“Alpha.” 
I turned my head and saw one of my maids bring a towel for me when she saw my hair was 
wet. 
I grabbed the towel and wiped my hair. Instead of going to change my clothes in the bedroom, I walked to the main door. 
Natalia and Max were talking about something. It looked like she was explaining to him what 
had happened last night. 
Did she also tell him about how I healed her wound? 
I did not want to hurt her by parting her ways with Ma But why did I feel so terrible inside 
whenever I saw her with him? 
In the last few months, my eyes were always on her. People could call me a stalker but it was my love who always pushed me toward her. 
I always watched her from afar, seeing if she was okay or not. Sometimes, I saw her with Max, holding his hand, blushing around him, and smiling with him. Everything was like poison to me, which cut my heart every day. 
But perhaps this was my punishment. 
Having her back in my arms last night after a long time, my heart and my wolf had the urge to have her again. 
I wanted to be with her again. I also wanted to see how I would feel when she smiled at me. I wanted to know her thoughts when I got close to her. 
As I stepped outside the house, I noticed Max’s car driving away. 
It was cloudy in the sky, meaning it would pour again. I stood outside for a long time, feeling the dampness of the wind against my skin. 
“Why can’t I just forget her?” I asked my heart, feeling helpless in my life. 
I thought I would not get any answers in return, but then my wolf replied to me, 
“You have to stop breathing to forget her because she is now in your every breath.” 
日 
###Alpha 304
Natalia’s POV 
I was heading to my house in Max’s car. He was such a caring person. He only asked once about what I was doing at Adrian’s house. 
When I explained to him that I fainted last night because of a fever he did not ask anything further. 
He said he trusted me. 
I turned my head at him. He was a nice guy. Why was I feeling like I cheated on him? 
Last night, Adrian and I were really close to each other. Though he was just healing my wound, I did not think any boyfriend would take that lightly. 
I did not say anything about that to Max. I was afraid that he would feel upset. He did not like Adrian since he was my ex–husband. 
When we arrived at my house, I unfastened the seatbelt and got out of the car. 
Max also got down and came toward me. He checked on my forehead and said, 
“You don’t have a fever right now. It’s surprising. 
He was right. After last night, I began to feel light and refreshed. 
It seemed like that wound was the only thing that was causing me to lose my strength. 
“You can rest the whole day after taking a leave from Liana. Tomorrow is the weekend. Do you have any plans?” 
I gave it some thought and realized that I had already promised my children that I would take 
them somewhere. 
“I am going to have a family dinner tomorrow with my twins. Would you like to join me?” noveldrama
Max grinned at me with an assuring nod. “Why not? They are a part of your life. I would love 
to meet them again.” 
I gave him a broad smile. “Thank you so much for always there for me, Max.” 
Max chuckled as he said he found my smile cute. He leaned close to me and embraced me in 
his arms. 
My hands froze in the middle of the air. I wanted to hug him back. But the memories of last night flooded my mind. 
I recalled the warmth of Adrian’s body and it shook me inside. 
“Con Acta caller met mom nem 
“What did te sa 
LITE 
The sad you had a fever and were salew song in as house. When it him was VIL to take you back, he sat te dit tot want to fissur your seen 
frowned at my father’s calm face and trougm 
Why is he so calm even after rearing Adran’s rame? 
E 
###Alpha 305
I left my parent’s room and headed to my bedroom. I strolled to my bed after placing my bag on the couch in my bedroom. 
I lay on the bed and stared at the ceiling. 
I stared at it for a long time. 
I suddenly had an urge to go to the forest and run for a while. My mind had turned messier. It was all because of that one man, 
Who told him to heal me that way? I could have lived with that wound. 
I remembered how I threw water on his face. Yet he looked calm, as if my action did not anger him. 
His calmness annoyed me. I wanted to see the Adrian, who dared to challenge me all the time. 
I wanted to make him taste all of his medicine in return. 
I did not know when my eyes closed and I fell asleep. 
It was afternoon when my eyes opened. 
I sat up and scratched my head. I yawned and walked out of my room. 
I stopped beside my children’s room and opened the door. 
I noticed they were doing something on a tab. When I closed the door behind me, they turned their heads at me. 
“Mommy, when did you wake up?” Aria asked. 
I moved over to sit on the couch between them. 
“What are my babies doing?” I asked them. 
“Nothing, Mommy,” Noah replied, hiding the tab. 
I was confused as to why he was hiding it from me. 
“Are you hiding something from Mommy?” I asked Noah. 
Noah glanced at Aria. She hugged my neck and said, 
“Mommy, we were just drawing something on the tab. We will show you once we are finished.” 
I kissed her head and replied, 
“Okay, my baby.” 
du me land lay dowe as the couch Mommy grandma told us not 
1 aling reached now, 
led caressing both of my children’s hair 
When a while Noh sat up and locked at me 
**** de promised to go out with us. 
ned his cheek and nodded at him. “Of course I will take you both out tomorrow. We wen 
wearing me both Noah and Aria jumped on the couch in happiness. I laughed while looking 
Calm down. You will fall down from the couch.) 
They stopped jumping and sat down, like good kids. 
“You two continue to do what you were doing. I am going to eat something.” 
Just as I stood up from the couch, Aria said it in a lower tone. 
“Mommy, can we call Dad for dinner too?” 
I tumed to her with a frown on my face. “Why?” 
She parted her lips as if she looked scared. 
I tried to calm my anger. Just hearing about that man, igniting the blaze of rage inside me. 
my, please,” Ana said with a pair of teary eyes. 
I sat down and hugged her. “Baby, why are you crying?” 
“Mommy, everyone goes outside with their parents. When will we go out with you two?” 
I froze on her words. I glanced at Noah, thinking that he would decline her words. 
But to my surprise, he also wanted the same. 
I rubbed my forehead, thinking about how to refuse them. 
“Baby, your dad and I don’t go anywhere together.” 
Aria broke the hug and cupped my cheeks. “Grandpa said you were with him last night. Can you please meet him again? We will have fun together.” 
my tongue, thinking that my father could have made another excuse for them instead of telling them about last night. 
“It’s okay, Aria. Mommy doesn’t want it. We three can have fun too,” Noah said. 
I noticed their upset faces. There was nothing in life beyond their happiness. 
I sighed in defeat and agreed with their request. 
“Okay, you can call your dad to join us tomorrow. 
日 noveldrama
Support 
###Alpha 306
get it 
The weekend was a day off for the family and friends to spend together. 
I was getting ready to go out with my children. They were very happy. I could see their happiness in their eyes. 
It wasn’t because they were going with me, it was because they were going with their pa together. 
I remembered the days that I had to pass like an orpo. I also wondered if I could have parents like other children. I used to ask the moon goddess why she did not give me of why she parted them away from me, leaving me an orphan. 
When Gamma Jeremy adopted me, I was very happy at that time, I thought I could live a normal life, like other children. However, all of my hopes were crushed when he told me w my place was in his eyes. He and his wife, Cora, never took me somewhere. 
Instead of taking care of me, they gave me a scary life, 
“Mommy, are you ready?” 
I heard Aria’s voice, I shifted my gaze to the mirror and saw her standing at the door. 
I smiled at her when I saw she was spinning around to show me her black skirt and white tops. 
Noah also joined her. He was in black clothing. noveldrama
I turned around and looked at him carefully. 
He resembled his father quite a bit. I had seen Adrian’s childhood photos once in the pack house. He looked like this when he was young. 
Noah was his xerox copy. I just hoped he would not be heartless like him. 
“Mommy, you are so pretty,” Aria said, running to me. 
She hugged my legs, raising her head to look at me. 
Both children were so small but too cute. They do not feel little, though, based on the way they think and talk. 
“Thanks, baby. Mommy is ready. Let’s go.” 
With my hand still holding Aria’s hand, I approached Noah. Taking my other hand, Noah led me out of my room. 
When I went downstairs, my parents were talking about something. They paused their conversation as soon as they noticed us. 
*15 BONUS 
“Have fun,” my mother told us. 
“Yes, grandma,” Aria said, then showed her two tiny fingers, showing peace. 
My father chuckled at this girl’s cuteness. He gave me a nod when I looked at him. 
As we walked out of my house, I saw a white car waiting outside. 
That was the car Adrian purchased for his children. Whenever they went anywhere, including to school, as well as when they came to my house, they used that. 
“Mommy, dad sent our car for us,” Noah said. 
I looked away from the car. Their father was really rich. I could not afford a car to drive them anywhere. 
I sighed and walked to the car. The driver came out and opened the back door for us. When we got inside, I told the driver about the location where I had booked a table for us. The driver started the car, heading in the direction of the restaurant. 
I saw the driver typing something on his phone with one hand while driving with the other. 
When he had finished sending something to someone, he put the phone down and drove with both hands. 
Before he put his phone away, I peered at the screen of his phone. I saw he sent the location to Adrian as he saved the contact name as ‘Alpha‘. 
I rolled my eyes and leaned my back against the seat. I almost forgot that he was also going with us. 
I was contemplating ways to ignore him when I came face to face with him again. 
At that time, I got a phone call. 
I pulled out my phone from my bag and saw it was Max. 
I received the call with a smile. 
“Max.” 
“Where are you?” 
“I’m heading to the restaurant.” 
I could not invite him since Adrian was going there. But I made him aware of it Se would not misunderstand me later 
HEFONES 
I chuckled as I understood that he intentionally set up the meeting in that restaurant to meet 
me 
I bit my bottom lip after giving it some thought. I could not deny him. So I said, 
‘Sure. How can I refuse you?” 
A 
###Alpha 307
When I turned my head, I found both of my children staring at me awkwardly. 
I frowned at them. They immediately turned their heads away from me. 
I was confused by their looks. What had happened to them suddenly? 
Didn’t they say a few months ago that they liked Max? 
“Are you sure?” Max asked. 
“Yeah, I’m sure.” 
“Okay, then see you there.” 
“Hmm.” 
The moment I removed my phone from my ear, I heard Noah’s voice. 
“Mommy, is Uncle Max also going there?” 
I looked at him, observing his look carefully and replied, 
“Yeah.” 
Aria pouted her lips and said, “But it should be only four of us.” 
I was stunned. “Why can’t he join us? Did you two not like Uncle Max?” 
Noah blinked his eyes and muttered, “Yeah but we thought it was only us.” 
I patted his head and tried to assure him, “He is a very kind person. You two will like him.” 
After hearing me, they did not say anything. I also kept quiet. 
The whole ride turned silent. I began to feel that I had done something wrong since my children’s happiness had been lost somewhere. 
When did they become so sentimental? 
The car came to a halt in front of a restaurant. We got out of the car. 
Aria ran and had a happy expression as she peered at the restaurant. Noah was quiet, but he looked amused. 
The restaurant had a pretty theme with cherry blossom flowers. 
When we went inside the restaurant, I saw it was a very big restaurant with a broad area. It was like a garden of cherry blossom trees because there were so many of them theaust the entire location. 
+15 BC 
There were so many tables set up a little far distance away from one another. 
There was a small fountain in the middle of it that had a mannequin of a beautiful fairy holding a bouquet of cherry blossom flowers. 
It captured my children’s eyes, and they ran toward it. 
“Be careful.” 
They smiled at me and moved toward it with slow steps. 
The reception area was near the door, so I asked about the table I booked while keeping ar eye on my children. 
The man behind the desk called for a waiter to show me the table I had booked. 
I was about to call my children to come back to me, but my eyes fell on Adrian entering the restaurant. 
His eyes landed on me, and he smiled at me. 
I looked away from him. noveldrama
He walked toward me and said, 
“Sorry if I am late.” 
I raised a brow when he said sorry to me. I looked at him and crossed my hands. 
“Alpha Adrian and sorry?” 
The man behind the desk immediately rose up from his seat when he heard me. “Alpha!” 
He bowed to Adrian right away. Adrian looked at him and said, 
“Keep quiet.” 
The man immediately zipped his lips, assuring him not to say anything to anyone. 
Adrian returned his gaze to me and extended his hand. 
“This is for you.” 
Nowered my head only to see him holding a bouquet of white roses. 
I realized that I despised this man so much that I didn’t even notice the flowers. 
“For me?” 
“Hmm.” 
When he saw me staring at the flowers, he grabbed my hand and gave it to me. 
I looked at him with confusion. I could not believe Alpha Adrian bought flowers for me. 
He looked directly into my eyes and muttered in a low tone, 
“I learned that you like roses. So I chose to give you white roses. It’s a sign of purity and forgiveness.” 
###Alpha 308
get it 
Adrian’s POV 
The moment I stepped inside the restaurant, my eyes fell on the gorgeous woman, who looked breathtaking. 
I could watch her all day long. I wish I could meet her every day. 
Maybe this was called love. Just seeing the person made my heart beat faster. 
I grasped the bouquet firmly, as I felt nervous about the flowers. 
I remembered that I had read about her favorite flower in her diary. She mentioned it in her diary while writing about my favorite flower. 
When I walked to her, she looked away from me. noveldrama
I apologized to her. She called my name and the receptionist overheard her. 
He bowed to me in respect and fear. I told him not to tell anyone about my identity. 
Not every one of the members of my pack had met me in person. Though most of the people were on social media and saw my photos online, we were lucky that the majority of them did not recognize us. 
Otherwise, it would be hard to walk around in the pack freely. 
“This is for you.” 
She lowered her head and looked at the bouquet. 
It seemed she did not notice it at first. 
“For me?” she asked. 
“Hmm.” 
When I saw her staring at the flowers, I grabbed her hand and handed it to her. 
She shifted her gaze at me without saying anything. 
Hooked directly into her eyes and tried to say what was on my mind, in a low tone. 
“I learned that you like roses. So I chose to give you white roses. It’s a sign of purity and forgiveness.” 
A frown appeared on her face. Then I noticed her eyes turned cold. 
My heart was aching inside of me. In no way did I enjoy the icy look that she gave me. 
“I’m sorry for everything.” 
I was relieved that I could at least say that to her. I did not want my ego to come between me and my heart, which wanted to express many things to her. 
I tried all these months to stay away from her. However, I realized it was not possible for me. 
I could not stay away from her. I could not live with the regret in my heart anymore. 
I could do one thing and that was express my regret toward her. 
Perhaps she would decide to come back to me one day. 
Natalia smiled at me. Seeing her smile at me gives me a little warmth in my heart. 
I was happy that she accepted my flower. 
But her smile did not reach her eyes. She brought the flower close to her nose and sniffed it. 
His eyes were fixed on me, never moving from mine. 
She turned her gaze away from me and began to search for something. 
“Are you looking for something?” I asked her. 
She nodded her head. “Yeah.” 
Her eyes stopped at something as her face brightened. She moved in the direction of a corner and stopped. 
She spun around and gave me a look. I stared at her with a smile on my face. 
However, my smile froze when she threw the bouquet inon the dustbin in the corner. 
She returned to my side and stood next to me. 
“Everything can turn into ashes with the touch of your hand.” 
日 
###Alpha 309
My mind seemed to be going back to a flashback. 
I did not know what to feel right now. I really thought a lot before buying that bouquet. I wanted to say sorry for what I did to her years ago when she gave me my favorite flower as her first present. 
I did not expect her to do the same to me. 
It broke my heart. 
However, more than me, I felt bad for her. She might have felt like this. 
“Dad!” 
I heard Aria’s voice. My gaze shifted from Natalia to my daughter, who was sprinting towards 
1. me. 
I tried to compose myself, not wanting to show my pain to anyone. 
As I knelt down, I picked up Aria and held her in my arms. She kissed my cheek and hugged my neck. 
I saw my son walking slowly toward me. I gave him a nod, which he acknowledged quietly 
He was a very strong boy with a sharp mind. He would be a great Alpha in the future and rule my packs smoothly. 
I was making him with my own hands. 
Natalia turned to the receptionist, who was talking with other customers. 
“We are waiting. Where is your waiter?” 
The receptionist stood up again and said, 
“I apologize. You both were talking to each other, so I told the waiter to wait. Here he is.” 
I turned to the waiter, who was standing on the opposite side of the desk. He hurried toward us and gestured in our direction. 
We started to walk as he led us the way. 
“Dad, mommy chose the restaurant for us. Isn’t it a beautiful place?” Aria asked. 
“Yes, princess.” 
I glanced at Natalia, who was a few steps ahead of me, walking while holding Noah’s hand. 
I ignored the pain in my heart and followed her steps. We sat at our table and ordered what 
Aria and Noah wanted to eat. 
I moved the menu toward Natalia. “Order something you like.” 
She glanced around while muttering, 
“You can order yours. I will order later.” 
I was confused about why she was looking here and there. It was as though she was trying to find someone here. 
I did not order as I stared at her, waiting for her to order first. 
At that time, a voice came from behind, which caught my attention. 
“Hi, there, baby.” 
I turned my head and saw Max. 
He made his way toward Natalia. She stood up and they hugged each other. 
My wolf growled inside me as my eyes turned dark from the closeness between the two of them. 
When they broke the hug, my eyes shifted to Max’s hand, which was grabbing Natalia’s waist. My hands tightened as I tried too hard to control myself. 
At first, this man called her baby, and now he was hugging and touching her in front of me. It was just because of her happiness that I let this man roam around my pack peacefully. Otherwise, I would not give a damn about his healing powers. 
Max turned to my children and smiled at them. 
“Hi. How are you?” 
Despite the fact that it was abundantly clear to me that my children were not pleased to see him, they made a courteous gesture by greeting him and responding to the question that he asked them. 1 
When Max finally turned his attention to me, he gave me a slight nod and said, 
“Alpha Adrian, it’s been a long time.” 
I stared at him without replying. I did not notice the atmosphere being heated by my piercing gaze at him. 
All these months, I gave myself time to feel remorse. I was filled with regret. It was enough to make me feel like staying away from my mate. 
However, my wolf did not agree with it. He wanted to be with his 
lose in front of my rival in love 
“You are right. It’s really been a long time,” I replied. 
Max took a seat next to Natalia as he said, 
“Natalia told me that you were coming here too.” 
I shifted my gaze to Natalia, who looked calm. Her eyes were on the menu card. 
I realized all these times that she was waiting for Max. His presence among us was something that had been planned in advance. 
“I see,” I muttered in response to Max. noveldrama
“By the way, I want to thank you for taking care of Natalia that night. She was really sick that night.” 
I understood that she had not told him about healing her wound. 
“Just not her health, but I took care of her deadly wound as well,” I said to him. 
“Wound? What wound? Was she injured somewhere?” Max asked with a confused face. 
I moved my gaze toward Natalia. She immediately looked at me with wide eyes. 
I realized she had not allowed him to touch her body. That was why he was unaware of her wound. 
A smirk appeared on my lips when I looked at Max and replied, 
“Of course. She had a wound very close to her heart. It took me a long time and a lot of strength to heal it.” 
日 
###Alpha 310
Third POV 
When Max learned from Natalia that Adrian would also be attending the dinner, he was not pleased with it at all. That was the reason she could not invite him. So he lied to her and said. that he had a meeting in this restaurant so that he could come here to be with her. 
He had absolutely no faith in Adrian at all. The man who had always given Natalia pain could hurt her again. 
“What wound is he talking about?” noveldrama
“Nothing, Max. Order something for you,” Natalia said to him, trying to distract him. 
Max grabbed the menu and ordered all the dishes that Natalia liked. 
In the last few months, he has learned everything about her. He wanted to give her a good life, which she had missed for years. 
She let out a gasp as he placed the order for her favorite dishes. He turned his head toward 
her. 
“Max, that’s all my favorites. You remembered?” She whispered to him. 
He made a strong impression on her. He was making her feel like she was the only one. Shel glanced at Adrian and saw how he was reacting angrily. She felt that this man had never treated her well, and now when someone was trying to do that, he had a problem with it. 
“Of course I remembered. How can I forget about your favorite things?” He replied in a low 
tone. 
She chuckled as she shook her head. She then focused on her children. She spoke to them in a very soft tone, as though her voice were honey. 
Max stared at her for a while. She was a pure beauty. 
He liked her face the most. 
Because it reminded him of someone. 
Max blinked his eyes as a flashback of his past reflected in his mind. He shook his head as he wanted to forget that. 
When he looked away from Natalia, his gaze met Adrian’s eyes. 
Adrian was digging his gaze at him. His eyes were sharp enough to shake him inside. 
However, he was a healer. If Adrian would do something to him in the future, he could somehow heal himself. 
Tuser to the des 
###Alpha 311
The restaurant was fascinating for families with children as well as for couples who were dining there. There was no way that any customer could possibly turn down the beauty of it. 
Both Noah and Aria continued to look around while they were eating. 
Max had the intention of initiating a conversation with Natalia’s children. On the other hand, he had the impression that they were not friendly kids. 
“Noah, I heard from your mom that you are getting training. How is it going?” Max asked Noah. 
Noah looked at him and replied, 
“Good.” 
“Who is your trainer? Gamma Benjamin?” Max asked with curiosity since he would be the next Alpha of this pack. 
Noah shook his head in reply. 
“Then?” 
Noah pointed his finger at Adrian and replied, 
“Dad trained me himself.” 
Max was stunned. He had never heard a head Alpha train someone. Adrian was quite a responsible father, and Max could not deny it. 
“I appreciate it, Alpha Adrian. You are making him a legendary Alpha like you,” Max said to him. 
It was not like Max had any problem with Adrian. But Adrian was Natalia’s ex–husband, and he continually tried to get around her; that was Max’s problem. 
The only thing that Adrian did was give him a simple nod of his head without looking at him. 
Natalia focused her gaze on Adrian. During the time when she was pregnant and trying to escape from this pack, she never imagined that Adrian would be so willing to accept those children. But the way he was fulfilling his duty as a father, she was surprised. 
The table turned silent once again. 
Aria pouted when she saw her father and mother were not talking to each other. 
She wanted them to be together. Her father told them that he wanted their mother to live with them. 
But she knew it would not be easy. It was because her mother had a boyfriend. Her friends talked about what a boyfriend meant. It meant Max would take her mother away from them. 
She did not want that. She wanted her mother to be with them forever. 
“Mom, let’s go to the pack house today,” Aria spoke out 
Natalia’s hand froze when Aria said that. She looked at her and asked, 
“Why?” noveldrama
“Let’s meet grandma and grandpa.” 
Natalia bit her bottom lip as she placed the spoon on the plate. 
Max felt that Natalia did not want that, so he said to Ara, 
“Dear, are you missing them? Don’t worry, you can go to t 
mommy, okay?” 
tomorrow. Let’s spend tonight with your 
Aria gave him a frown. She nodded at him and turned to Noah, who was quietly eating. 
She whispered to Noah, 
“Why is Uncle Max speaking on behalf of Mommy? I almost persuaded her.” 
Noah lightly hit her head and said, “Silly, do not try anything foolish. You know mommy. 
Aria rubbed her head and mumbled, “Don’t you want them together, too?” 
Noah glanced at his father, who was staring at his mother. He had always mistaken his father. He was not a bad person. 
In truth, he loved them and their mother a lot. He taught him many things and said to him that he would always be there for them and their mother. 
Noah believed he was the best for his mother. 
Even at such a young age, their thoughts were constantly shifting. 
They were just children of a young age. The things that they observed around them helped change their perceptions. The actions of the people around them and the people themselves brought about the change. 
On the other hand, 
Adrian was furious. He could see how Max kept trying to brush Natalia’s hand whenever he moved to take something. 
Having such a high level of patience came as a surprise to Adrian. 
Nevertheless, for how long was he able to maintain his self–control? Was it even called love if he had to be patient? 
His limit of patience broke when Max boldly held Natalia’s hand and said something in her ear. 
Natalia, too, was having a good time with everything. 
Adrian was depressed. Could she not see his condition? 
He lost his mind and was about to yell at Max to let Natalia’s hand go. However, at that precise moment, his phone began to ring. 
He received the call without looking at the caller’s name. His eyes were still on Natalia., 
“Alpha” 
Theta Emon’s voice came to his ear. 
“Speak.” 
Everyone turned to look at him when they heard his deep, chilling voice. 
Max left Natalia’s hand as he also turned to look at her 
“Alpha, we have bad news.” 
“Just spill it,” Adrian said, staring at Natalia’s hand that Max had just left. 
But his face, which he was trying to keep calm, turned fiercer when he heard Theta Emon’s next word 
“Faith Pierce fled from the pack hospital.” 
D 
###Alpha 312
“What?” 
Adrian got up from the chair with an angry face. 
Natalia was confused about what could have happened, which made him react like this. 
“Alpha, Doctor Harold just informed me about it. 
Adrian clenched his jaw but then glanced at his children’s scared faces. 
He let out a deep breath and tried to calm down, which was impossible for him. 
“You all continue. I’m coming in a few minutes.” 
Adrian left the restaurant and stood outside. 
“Where is she?” he asked as his mind turned restless. 
Faith was the only person who could spill the truth about who made her do that to Natalia. noveldrama
How could a girl run away from the pack hospital so easily? 
“What were those guards doing at that time?” 
Theta Emon was quiet for a moment, then replied, 
*They said they did not know about it. Only doctors and nurses could go to that cabin so they assumed any female doctor helped her run away.” 
“And how did she do that?” 
“I found out the CCTV footage and saw that Faith walked out of the cabin in a doctor’s coat and mask. That was why the guards could not recognize her.” 
“Bullshit.” 
Adrian muttered, almost growling on the phone. 
He could not believe that woman even dared to do that. 
“Didn’t Harold say she lost her memory temporarily?” 
“Yes, but Harold stated that he noticed some recovery in her brain. But she intentionally did not let him know about it. The woman is very clever. She knows that Harold is treating her only because you permit him to do that.” 
Adrian thought about it for a while as Theta Emon was still on the call. 
“Find out that woman.” 
“I’m trying to find out about Faith. I already informed everyone about searching for her.” 
“Not her.” 
Theta Emon was perplexed. “Not her? Then who?” 
“Find out the woman who helped her. If you pull the rope, the head will automatically come to you.” 
“Okay, Alpha. Anything else?” 
Inside the restaurant, 
Natalia was eating while glancing at the door of the restaurant. She wondered why Adrian was not coming back. 
‘Does something happen in the pack house? Is everything okay with Uncle Lucas?‘ She thought while eating. 
After a while, Adrian returned to the table. At that time, everyone had already finished their meal. 
Adrian did not sit and said, 
“Since you all are done eating, I’m going to pay the bill 
Natalia stood up and said, 
“You don’t have to pay. It’s from me today.” 
Adrian turned to her and asked, 
“Do you think I will let you pay?” 
Natalia felt awkward. What was wrong with it? 
She gave him a cold look and replied, 
“You are only a quest at my pres 
dinner. So be quiet and finish your meal.” 1 
Adrian glanced at his plate, which was unfinished. He sat down as Natalia told him. He looked at her and saw her telling a waiter to give her the bill. 
Adrian gazed at Max, who was calmly sitting on his chair. He did not even initiate stopping Natalia. 
Max realized his gaze and looked at him. He smiled at him and said, 
“I am not that type of boyfriend who likes to show superiority. If it is her treat and she wants to pay for me, I let her do so because she is an independent woman. 
###Alpha 313
Adrián rolled his eyes as he muttered, 
“That’s not called independence. 
Max let out a challenging tone. “Then what is independence in your eyes, Alpha Adrian?” 
Natalia felt the air was getting heated as both of the men were looking at each other furiously. She was afraid they were going to fight here. 
She locked her arm with Max and rubbed his hand. “Max, it does not matter what independence means to him. I like the way you treat me. 
She leaned in closer and murmured, “Now don’t argue with him. My kids are still here. They are fans of their dad. They won’t like it.” 
It was kind of a request toward him, so Max nodded his head with a chuckle. 
On the other hand, Adrian was getting jealous. 
His eyes landed on how Natalia was rubbing Max’s hand. noveldrama
He could not see it anymore. He stood up and said, 
“I’m waiting outside. I’m done here.” 
Natalia let go of Max’s hand when Adrian walked out of the restaurant. 
She sighed as she rubbed her forehead. Her kids were staring at her. 
Natalia paid the bills and left the restaurant with Max and her twins. 
When she came out, she saw Adrian smoking while leaning against his car. 
When he noticed the kids, he dropped the cigarette and smashed it with his shoes. 
He walked toward them and said to Natalia, 
“I’m going to drop you and the kids.” 
Max opposed it as he unlocked his car. “No, you don’t have to worry about it. I will drop them.” 
Adrian glared at him, giving him a warning not to mess up with him. 
Max did not step back, as he looked at him without any fear. Adrian became agitated. 
Why did this man have to be a healer? He was reacting like he was more powerful than the head Alphas of the packs. It was because he had the ability to heal those Alphas‘ sicknesses. 
“Mommy, Noah, and I want to go in Dad’s car,” Aria said. She then patted Noah’s back to urge him to join 
her. 
“Yes, Mommy,” Noah said. 
‘But Uncle Max is here.” Natalia said to them. 
Aria began to pull her hand and tried to persuade her. Please, Mommy.” 
Natalia could not help but agree with her. She looked at Max, who stared at the kids. 
“I came out today with them. Let me listen to them tonight. I will see you tomorrow, okay?” 
Max gave Natalia a nod in response. When Max was about to hug Natalia, Adrian stopped Max by saying, 
“Can’t you see my children are here? Why can’t you keep your hands to yourself?” 
Natalia was stunned by Adrian’s words. She glanced at her children and wondered if they really thought 
about it. 
Max gave Adrian a look, which he ignored, and he unlocked his car. He opened the back door for his 
twins… 
When Natalia was about to get inside, he said to her, 
“Do you think I am your driver? Sit in the front.” 
Natalia recalled the night when Max was drunk. She sat with him in the back seat while Adrian drove the 
car. 
He did not like it that night. So tonight, he said that again. 
She let out a sigh and closed the door. Adrian assisted her by opening the front door. She took one last look at Max before settling into the passenger seat. 
Adrian shut the door loudly and turned to face Max. 
He stepped forward toward him and gave him a warning. 
“You are after the wrong Alpha’s woman. It would be better if you broke up with her on your own. Otherwise, I know how to get what is mine.” 
###Alpha 314
Max stared at Adrian without replying to him. He got his warning, which clearly indicated that he wanted Natalia back. 
This man only wants her because she is his mate,‘ he thought. 
He glanced at Natalia, who waved at him and muttered sorry for not going with him. 
Max gave her an assuring nod that he did not mind. 
Meanwhile, Adrian noticed everything. 
He got in the driver’s seat and glanced at his children, then started the car. 
When the car started to move, Natalia remembered something as she turned to look at Adrian. 
“Wait a minute. Where is their car? We could have gone in that car.” 
Adrian did not reply to her as his eyes fixed on the road. 
“I am asking you something.” Natalia said to him about the children’s car, arching her brows at him. 
Adrian remained silent, as if he did not want to reply to her. Natalia clenched her jaw in anger. 
Why did she even agree to come in his car? She could have gone with Max and let Aria and Max go with this man. 
The whole ride became silent. 
In the back seat, Aria and Noah exchanged glances. 
“Noah, why is dad angry?” 
“I don’t know.” 
“Do something.” 
“What can I do?” 
“Make him talk to Mommy.” 
“Maybe he is angry because of Uncle Max,” Noah replied. 
Aria got mad at Max. Why was he coming between her mom and dad? So she prayed in her heart that Max would go away from their lives. noveldrama
“Daddy,” Aria said in a sweet tone. 
“Hmm, Adrian hummed in reply. 
Natalia ignored what was going on in the car and looked outside the window. 
“Daddy, I want to eat ice cream.” 
It caused Natalia to turn her head to the backseat. “Aria, you can’t eat ice cream every day. You will catch 
a cold. 
Aria shook her head in disagreement. “No, Mommy. I want ice cream right now.” 
Noah understood why Arla was behaving stubbornly. So he looked at his mother and said, 
“Mommy, let’s go to an ice cream parlor.” 
“You guys, why don’t you listen to me? I don’t wish anything bad for you. You have had a lot of ice cream over the past two days, 
“But Mom-” 
Adrian spoke up to interrupt Aria and said, 
“Noah, Aria, Why did I tell you two?” 
Noah and Aria lowered their heads as if they recalled his words. He said not to bother their mother. 
“Okay.” 
After giving them a confused glance, Natalia looked at Adrian, who had not looked at her since getting in 
the car. 
Adrian pulled over in the distance when they got to Natalia’s house. 
Natalia thought he did not want to see her parents so he stopped there. 
Aria and Noah hurriedly got out of the car after saying goodbye to their father. 
Natalia was stunned by their sudden hurry. 
‘Do they need to use the washroom? What is there to do to go inside the house in a hurry?” 
She let out a sigh and shook her head, as she did not know what was going on in her children’s minds. 
Natalia did not say anything to Adrian since he remained quiet. 
She got out of the car and started walking in the direction of her house. But she came to a halt when she heard Adrian’s voice behind her. 
“Natalia.” 
D 
###Alpha 315
Natalia tumed around and saw Adrian shut the door as he came out of the car. 
Natalia walked toward him, thinking that he had forgotten to say something about the children. 
“Yes?” 
She 
e stood in front of him, only to find him looking at her Intensely. 
“I am telling you one last time. Stay away from that man.” noveldrama
In a few seconds, her eyes glowed in anger in response 
“You can’t see me happy, can you? You saw today how much he takes care of me. When you warned him countless times and still he did not take a step back, you came to say nonsense to me again?” 
Adrian took a deep breath, as if trying to calm himself. Listen-” 
“No. I don’t want to listen to you. Max said he would introduce me to his head Alpha and then he would fix a dat- 
Adrian’s eyes darkened as he took a sudden step toward her. “Date for what?” 
Natalia stepped back. “D–Date for our engagement.” 
Adrian lost his mind as he grabbed her arms and drew her closer to himself. 
“Have you lost your mind, Natalia Hansley?” 
She glared at him for touching her. She tried to free herself from his grip, but he was as firm as a stone. 
“How can you do this to me? When you have your mate and he is still alive in front of you, how can you choose another man?” He asked, gritting his teeth in rage. 
Natalia gathered all of her strength and pushed on his chest. His grip snapped and his back was pushed against the car by her forceful push. He almost forgot how strong the woman was. 
“Don’t you dare touch me again. I am going to marry him soon and start a new life with him. I have made my final decision. I can’t stay stuck in the past like this forever. I need to move on in my life with someone who loves m-” 
Adrian did not let her finish as he reached for her hand and pulled her body toward him. 
She gasped at his sudden action. Before she could say or do something, he turned her around and pressed her back against the car. 
“You won’t do anything with that man. I don’t just have a problem with him but with every single man in this world who wants to get close to you,” he muttered while looking at her with his red, glowing eyes. 
“I don’t care what you want. But I don’t want yo–mmnn 
He could not control himself anymore and smashed his lip against hers. 
Her eyes widened in shock. He shut his eyes as he began to move his lips. His arms wrapped around her protectively, caging her from leaving 
He felt heavenly when he tasted her lips. He felt he had been missing this feeling for a long time. 
He kissed her deeply yet passionately. He wanted to express his feelings and anger to her through the 
kiss. 
Natalia’s wolf jumped inside, realizing how much their mate desired them. Even her body responded to him, wishing to be touched by him. 
It took Natalia a minute to realize what was happening before she pushed Adrian to move. He did not continue the kiss and broke it, as he thought she was uncomfortable with him. 
It gave him his heart a pang when he moved his head and saw the glare of hatred in her gaze. 
His hands trembled at how coldly she was looking at him. He slowly lifted his hand from her waist and cupped her cheeks. 
“Don’t look at me so coldly. I can’t take it,” he muttered 
She kept glaring at him. She was mad at him for kissing her. 
“Move or have to do something else to move you away. 
He did not want to bother her, so he stepped back from her. 
“How dare you kiss me? What am I to you? A toy? Just because I am your mate, you don’t have any right to touch me or kiss me anytime you want, Adrian Miller. These things come with love, which you can never feel.” 
After saying that, Natalia turned away from him. She took a few steps forward toward her house. 
But then she felt a pair of hands encircling her body from behind, stopping her. 
“Adrian, leave m-” 
He did not allow her to speak as he drew her close to him and rested his head on her shoulder. 
He leaned in close to her ear, tilting his head to speak. 
“I love you, Natalia. Please forgive me for everything.” 
###Alpha 316
Natalia’s POV 
I was shocked when I heard Adrian. Did he even know what he was saying? 
I could not believe he could say that ever in his life. 
However, I suspected he was lying to me. I did not believe this man at all. 
I tried to break his grasp. “Have you lost your mind? Leave me before I kill you.” 
He shook his head, buried his face in my neck, and murmured something. His voice made a vibration on the skin of my neck, prompting me to gulp. 
“I swear to my children. I love you. I can’t see you with another man. I don’t want to force you, either. Please don’t tum me into the ruthless man that I don’t want to be in front of you. I want you to love me back I don’t want to blackmail you or something. Just give me a chance. It will be the last chance, I promise.” 
My heart trembled with his words. I froze in place as if the whole world stopped around me, and I returned to the days when I used to dream of him returning my love. 
Tears scrambled in my eyes, as it was almost impossible for me to stop them. I closed my eyes and tried to take deep breaths to control my tears. 
“I am a committed woman. Do not think that everyone Is like you, who does not value their partner’s commitment and believes in cheating on them. noveldrama
Adrian slowly moved his head from my shoulder. His hands are still holding me. 
“Do you still want him in your life?” 
I removed his hands from my waist and replied without turning to him. 
“I still want to stay away from you.” 
He trailed behind me as I began to move. “Natalia, why are you doing this? If you want, our lives can be normal like others. We can live happily with our children. I promise I will never let any of you complain. I will become the man you always wanted me to be.” 
I ignored him and kept walking toward my house with a cold face. 
He grabbed my hand and turned me to face him. “I know you still love me.” 
“No, I don’t,” I replied, snatching my hand away from his grip. 
He seemed to be stunned. But he shook his head in disbelief. “Believe me for one last time. I love you so much. Why can’t you come back to me? Please don’t punish me like this. I can’t live without you.” 
I stared into his eyes, which were full of regret. However, what could I do about it? What about those days when I begged him not to leave me? What about those times when I begged him to love me back? 
Did he ever listen to me back then? 
“Your love is very new, Alpha Adrian. What about the love I was dying for? You killed that innocent girl every single day whenever she tried to express her love to you. 
“Natalia,” he murmured in a low tone, trying to find love in my eyes for himself. 
“Do you want forgiveness? Then take me back to the time when I had not met you and had not even started to love you.” 
I chuckled when I saw his desperate look. 
“Do you even know what time I was talking about?” I asked. 
He clenched his jaw and asked, 
“When did you start loving me? From when? How? And why? Because I had always been rude to you. Then when did you fall for me?” 
I took a few steps back as I replied, 
“If you get to know about it, your world will slip beneath you. So take my advice and let me go, then move on with your life.” 
日 
###Alpha 317
Third POV 
Adrian frowned at her. He did not understand why she said that. What exactly did she mean when she said the ground would slip beneath him? 
He stared at Natalia, watching her go inside her house. He did not move from the place until he heard the sound of his phone ringing. 
“I will make you mine. I know I hurt you, but I don’t want to hurt you for not choosing me. You have become my desire, which I can’t share with anyone. You belong to me, only me.” 
He looked away and got in his car. He started the car and grabbed the phone, which once again began to 
ring 
He glanced at the phone and saw that it was Delta Jullan. He received the call and heard Juliana’s voice. 
*Alpha, thank goodness you received the call. We found Faith’s location. We track the cab she is currently in, I am sending you the location.” 
“Got it.” 
“The video footage will also be sent to your phone.” 
“I’m driving right now. Let me grab that woman first, and then I will find out who her lovely savior is. 
He then hung up the phone and checked the location. He tossed the phone and started driving fast. 
He was already in a really bad mood. He did not know what he would do to that Faith. 
Natalia’s words rang out in his mind. He remembered reading in her diary that she had fallen for him before their wedding 
“How long?” he muttered to himself, 
He began to recall the night when he had first met her. It was in that club. No matter how much he tried, he could not remember meeting her before that night. 
He assumed she might have had a crush on him for a few years before the wedding. She may have seen him at pack parties since she was the gamma’s daughter and possibly attended a few pack parties. 
When he reached Faith’s location, his car came to a halt. He saw two cars stop a cab in the middle of the road. 
When he 
got out of the car, he saw his officials pointing guns at Faith. She was wearing a doctor’s coat over a navy blue dress. It might be the coat that helped her flee from the pack hospital. 
Adrian’s officials noticed him. Their eyes caught his red, glowing eyes, which stunned them. Everyone, including Beta Patric, lowered their heads toward him while keeping their guns pointed at Faith. 
Adrian did not care about the bows as he rushed toward Faith. 
Faith did not have time to react as Adrian grabbed her hair and pressed it hard against the cab’s window. 
Faith let out an ear–piercing scream as blood flowed from her head and face due to the pain of piercing glasses on her face. 
The cab driver was scared. Beta Patric signaled for him to leave after paying him some money for his 
broken window. 
The cab driver got out of his car and bowed to Adrian. He knew he would not have the opportunity to meet the head Alpha in person, so he showed respect to him before getting into his car and driving away. 
As the cab drove away, Adrian pulled Faith’s hair to move her closer to him. 
“Who was behind your conspiracy?” he asked in anger. 
“I–I don’t know…” 
As if she were going to pass out in pain, Faith touched her forehead. 
Adrian tightened his grip on her hair and told his officials, 
“If she passes out this time, don’t allow her to regain consciousness. Kill her.” 
He shoved Faith to the ground. Faith began to cry as she fell to the ground. 
“If I lie to you, you will kill me. If I tell you the truth, they will kill me. What should I do?” 
Adrian glared at her. “Who terrified you more than your head Alpha?” 
Faith bowed her head to the ground as she joined her hands to plead for forgiveness. noveldrama
“I am only a pawn in a game. I don’t know anything, my Alpha. It was all planned by her adoptive father, Gamma Jeremy. He forced me to sell Natalia that night.” 
D 
###Alpha 318
Adrian’s POV 
Faith fainted from pain. My officials hurriedly took her to Julian’s car. 
“Where are we going to take her?” My Delta, Julian, asked me. 
I was still stunned. But I immediately came back to my senses and replied, 
“To my house.” 
As the car drove in the direction of my house, I was still in a daze. I felt a pat on my shoulder, which made me turn around. 
“I should drive your car. You don’t look good to me,” Patric said, getting into my car. 
I realized he did not go with my other officials. He started my car after I settled into the front seat next to him. 
“I know it’s shocking, but calm down. We need to know the truth,” Patric told me calmly. 
However, my mind was not calm. 
She was not even safe with the man, whom she used to call her father. 
My blood was boiling in anger. “Call that man and tell him to come to my house right now.” 
With one hand gripping the steering wheel, Patric took out his phone and dialed a number. 
“Is he back in the pack?” he asked the man who received the call. 
As if the answer was yes, Patric turned to me and said, 
“He is back in our pack.” 
I snatched the phone from his hand and cut the call. Then I directly called Gamma Jeremy’s number. 
He got the call after only two rings. 
“Beta Patric, it’s been a while.” 
Hearing his voice, I let out a low growl of anger. 
“A–Alpha!” 
“Come to my old house with your wife right now.” 
“Alpha, we are a long way from there.” 
“I am giving you one hour. If you won’t come in time, you know what I can do with you.” 
I cut the call and returned the phone to Patric. 
He kept glancing at me while driving. I rubbed my forehead in distress. 
First, that woman no longer loved me, and second, I could not simply let go of those who made her stuffer. 
Even if she did not want me, I still wanted her. I loved her and wanted to punish those who had wronged. 
her. 
Suddenly, I remembered that my men had sent the hospital footage. It could help me find the person who assisted Faith at the pack hospital. 
I took out my phone and thought it might be Natalia’s adoptive mother. noveldrama
I opened the video and examined the footage carefully. Surprisingly, it was a young woman. It could not be Gamma’s wife. 
The young woman had a white mask on, so her face was not clear. To keep her face hidden and prevent the camera from clearly seeing her eyes, she wore glasses. 
I wondered who that clever woman could be. 
“We tried to see it by zooming into the video. We can’t identify the face,” Patric said beside me. 
I was about to nod to him, but something caught my attention. 
I paused the video and quickly zoomed in. 
My eyes darkened when I noticed a bracelet in the woman’s hand. 
It was the same bracelet I gave Lynda for her last birthday. She wanted it from me because it was the only piece in the world. 
I muttered under my breath in anger. 
“Lynda!” 
日 
###Alpha 319
As soon as the car came to a stop in front of my house, I dashed out and went inside. 
I could not believe how it could be possible. What was Lynda’s connection with Natalia’s cousin? 
I recalled the way Lynda had responded a few months ago when she had seen Faith outside this house. When I asked her, she pretended she did not know her. 
Then why did she help her? 
“Adrian.” 
Patric called me from behind. He looked away from me as he said, 
“I know it is not right to say that, but please, just relax. Let’s see what happens.” 
I tightened my fists and glanced at the other sides. I saw that every one of my officials was present. It seemed they told all the maids to leave the house for tonight. 
Gamma Benjamin was bandaging Faith’s head. He looked at me and said, 
“I thought I could do that. We can’t take a risk sending her to the pack hospital again.” 
I gave him a nod and turned around. Patric spoke out again. 
“Where are you going, Adrian?” 
“To my study room. Call me when Gamma Jeremy will arrive.” 
“What about Lynda?” Patric asked. 
“Lynda? What does it have to do with her?” Theta Emon asked with confusion. Others‘ expressions were the same as his. 
Patric turned to them and replied, “Guys, it was her who helped Faith.” 
They were stunned after hearing Patric. 
I shut my eyes and muttered, “Call her here too.” 
I did not wait for them to speak again and made my way to the study room. 
There was something clenching my heart. It was telling me to continue reading the diary, which I had stopped a few months ago. 
As I walked into the study room, I went to the desk and opened the drawer to retrieve the dairy. noveldrama
I sat down on the chair and took a deep breath before opening the diary. 
I turned many pages and came to a stop where I had previously paused reading. 
I began to read the diary once again. 
When I read about Lynda abusing Natalia, I could not believe it. Lynda used to tell me the exact opposite. 
My brows furrowed when my eyes froze on something. 
“Today, I saw the same burn mark on Lynda’s hand. I don’t know how she got that. But mine was 
extremely deep. I am glad it is gone from my body. I was surprised at first, but the doctors said I was fortunate that all of my wounds healed so quickly. If I can heal myself, then why do people call me wolfless? Am I really wolfless?” 
I blinked my eyes as I turned the page to the next page 
“Today, Adrian told me that he wants divorce from me. Why is it happening to me? I have always had feelings for him. Not from today, but from my childhood. I fell for him the moment I saw him in the basement of the old company.” 
I came here to read about Lynda, but I had never expected to read something unbelievable like that. 
‘Old company’s basement? I thought in my mind as my eyes widened. 
My eyes turned red as I continued to read with a heavy heart. I was not ready to read that. I was praying in my heart that what I was assuming was not correct because if it was, I would never be able to forgive myself. 
“When I saw Adrian around the fire in the basement, I was terrified that something would happen to him. I was afraid that he would be hurt. I tried to help him get out of the basement since I was close to the back door. My right hand was burned while I was helping him. On the other hand, I felt happiness when I was able to save him from the fire. Although he was not in a good mental state and appeared to be on the verge of passing out, he still asked me if I could go with him while he was closing his eyes. His words captured my heart. I wanted to say yes, but I had already seen the kidnappers, so I ran away from another. side to distract them from him. They beat me up for saving Adrian, but I was relieved that I could do so. From then on, my heart belongs to him. 
I stared at the diary as my eyes did not let me stop reading. 
“I will never remind him of the past. I don’t want him to owe me anything. I just want him to fall for me without any reason or conditions. If I can feel my love for him, why can’t he feel it? Why can’t he love me back?” 
She was so right. The ground had indeed slipped beneath my feet. 
A stabbing pain shot through my chest, and it felt like it would stay there forever. 
“H–How could I never realize that it was her?” 
###Alpha 320
“HOW COULD I NOT RECOGNIZE HER? HOW?” 
I growled as I rose up from my chair and smashed the fable with my hand. 
The loud noise of the broken table reached the living room. My officials rushed toward the study room and opened the door. 
I did not give a damn as I began smashing everything that caught my eye. It was unbelievable to me that I was such an idiot. 
Why did fate have to betray me like that? Why did her wound turn invisible at that time? Only if I could see that wound, I would have recognized her. 
But she did not want me to love her for the past. Why did I not love her back? noveldrama
Why? 
“Adrian!” 
Patric rushed over to me as well as my other officials. They grabbed my arms to stop me. But I yanked my arms away and punched the wall in anger. 
“I just hate myself. Why did I do that to her? Why did not recognize her? She was always in front of me, with me, but I…..” 
I could not let out anything more as my eyes and throat both started to burn. I punched the wall once again. 
Blood gushed out of my knuckles from the hard punches. I wanted to feel pain to the point where I could not feel it in my heart anymore. I wanted the pain in my heart to become numb. 
“What is wrong with you, Alpha? Please calm yourself. 
“Alpha, please listen to us.” 
“Julian, go take a glass of water for Alpha.” 
My officials became busy trying to calm my mind. But what about my heart? How could I soothe my burning heart? 
When they saw they could not stop my strength, they pushed me against a wall to prevent me from punching more. 
I slid down against the wall as I lost all of my way. 
“Alpha!” 
I could hear their shocked tone. 
“Adrian, what happened? Tell us, Patric said, patting my shoulder. 
I shook my head as I mumbled, 
“S–She was the one who saved me that night. How am going to live with this truth now?” 
All of my officials were caught off guard by my reply. They also found it to be unbelievable. 
Wasn’t it a game of fate? It played with me really well. 
“She was begging me to love her back, but I always neglected her. What punishment should I get? I am 
I the main culprit in her life.” 
I pulled my hair in anger as I found nowhere to go. The truth was bitter. It was so difficult for me to t 
take a breath after learning it. 
It was not because she saved me, but because of how I treated her and how much she had suffered for me over the years. 
My wolf growled inside me, telling me that I could not lose. 
I lifted my gaze at my officials. As if they noticed something in my eyes, they took a step back. 
I growled as I said, 
“Bring that Lynda here. I want to know why she lied to me. How could she deceive me all these years?” 
D 
###Alpha 321
I was staring at Faith for quite some time. She was lying on the couch in the living room. 
After calming myself in the study room, I directly came here to take a look at the people who were connected to Natalia’s sufferings. 
I noticed Faith’s hand move as she was coming back to consciousness. 
As soon as her eyes opened, my men, who came inside my house a while ago, pointed their guns at her. 
She appeared to be frightened. She screamed in fear and sat up on the couch. 
Her eyes met mine, and she began to cry. “Please, let me go.” 
I stared at her calmly. It took me some time to control myself from anger. I had to compose myself to learn the truth. 
“Are you going to spill everything or…” I warned him. 
At that time, Gamma Jeremy and his wife, Cora, entered my house. 
My head turned at them as my wolf growled inside in anger to kill them. 
“A–Alpha, you called us,” Gamma Jeremy said. 
His eyes fell on Faith, and they grew wider. 
He did not expect Faith to be caught by my men, did he? noveldrama
I walked toward him and his wife. He glanced around the house and saw my men all over there. His wife stood behind him, holding his arm in fear. 
“May I know why you called us, Alpha?” he asked, trying to gather courage to speak to me. 
I stopped in front of him. He gulped as he glanced behind me at Faith once again. 
“Has my brother’s daughter done something to offend you, Alpha?” he inquired, pretending innocent. 
I could not help myself as I raised my hand and punched his face. 
His body moved a little away from the force, His cheekbone broke with just one punch. I would not kill him so easily. 
“JEREMY!” 
Cora screamed out in shock. She rushed to her husband. She tried to protect him from me. 
Tlooked at one of my men; he nodded at me and made his way to Cora. 
He grabbed her neck from behind and aimed the gun at her head from the left side. 
“If you move, we will kill you first,” my man said to her. 
Cora trembled in fear, She glanced at Jeremy and shook her head while crying. 
I grabbed Jeremy’s collar and pulled him up. I punched him again. This time in his chest. I could hear the cracks of the broken rib cage. 
He fell to the ground. “W–What did I do to you?” 
I knelt down beside him and pulled his hair back. “You tried to sell your own daughter to another man.” Jeremy’s eyes widened as he turned his gaze at Faith, who was crying on the couch, avoiding making any eye contact with him. 
“Did that bitch tell you this? She is lying.” Cora said to save her husband. 
Faith stood up from the couch and shook her head. “No, Alpha. She is lying. Both of them are involved in this plan.” 
Right at that moment, Theta Emon entered my house with the woman I hated the most. 
“Alpha, I take Lynda with me.” 
Lynda was shocked to see what was going on in the house. 
“W–What’s happening?” She asked, glancing at Cora and then at Jeremy on the floor. 
I let go of Jeremy’s hair and stood up. I was about to ask why she lied to me but I froze when Faith spoke up once again from behind me. 
“Alpha, I’m not lying. If you don’t believe me, then ask this woman. Ask if her parents were behind all of this or not.” 
I felt something push me inside, as I could not collect my words to let out anything. I could not make sense of it. 
“What exactly are you saying? Whose parents? Lynda is an orphan,” Patric said to Faith. 
She shook her head and replied, 
“She is their real daughter.” 
D 
###Alpha 322
Third POV 
“I can’t believe it! How could you do that to that poor child, Jeremy?” 
The angry voice of Alpha Lucas echoed throughout the house. 
Adrian called him and Grace here to let them know what the man who used to be their Gamma had been doing all these years. 
“And you! How easily you have deceived us about saving our son,” Grace said, glaring at Lynda. 
Lynda was kneeling on the floor as her head was low. She was held by the guards, just like her parents. She did not let out a single thing after getting caught. Adrian sent Faith somewhere, which 
they did not know. 
Adrian was not calm at all. The rage that growled in his head was not easy to calm. But he wanted to give them the perfect punishment. 
His officials saw him walking to the couch. They wondered what was going on in his mind. 
Adrian sat down and lit a cigarette to ease his mind first. He did not care that his parents were there in front of him. He did not give a damn about anything right now. 
There was a fire blazing inside him to kill those who were silently kneeling down in front of him. 
“Why did you do that? WHY?” Adrian yelled at them. 
Lynda and her parents shook in terror. They had never thought they would ever get caught. 
Gamma Jeremy exclaimed in terror. “Alpha, please let my daughter go. Everything is my fault. I was the one who wanted you to accept Lynda in Natalia’s place. I was the one who changed their names in the hospital. 
Adrian took a deep puff as he muttered, 
“You were the one who stole her from her parents years ago, weren’t you?” 
Everyone’s eyes widened. Jeremy’s face turned pale. 
“A–Alpha- 
Adrian scoffed at him. “I am in this position, ruling this pack for years, gaining the top place for a reason. I was blind in front of your daughter’s lies, but I didn’t lose my brain.” 
Alpha Lucas and Grace stared at Jeremy and Cora in disbelief, Grace walked toward Cora and asked, 
“You are also a woman. How can you snatch a child from another woman?” 
Cora sobbed and replied, “Alpha Martin and Luna Jade wanted your son and their daughter to get married in the future. It was the reason they were coming here at that time. Jeremy got to know about it and planned to kidnap their daughter. We wanted our daughter to get married to the next Alpha of this pack.” Adrian froze when he heard that. Natalia’s parents wanted him to be their future son–in–law. noveldrama
He could not believe how everything was fated for them. But these people played with them and 
destroyed their lives completely. 
He could not control himself anymore. He got up from the couch and said, 
“Seal their foreheads with burning scars and put them in the dungeon. Inform Alpha Martin about them. I want him and his wife to punish these people with their hands because they are their culprits.” 
Lucas and Grace looked away as they agreed with their sons. They were speechless by the betrayal of one of their own officials, whom they trusted the most. 
###Alpha 323
Terrible and deafening screams resounded throughout the entire house. Adrian’s men heated an iron in the fire and sealed Jeremy and Cora’s foreheads with it 
Blood was gushing from their wounds. They were a crying mess. 
It was the sins that they did bring back 
to them 
When the guards were about to touch Lynda, Adrian stopped them by saying. 
“Leave her. She is my prey.” 
There was a maniac smirk on his lips. 
As soon as the guards let go of Lynda, she got up on her feet. She turned around and pushed the guards who were caught off guard by her sudden movement. 
Lynda did not give them any time to process the situation before she hurried to the door and fled the house 
Every single one of the guards was prepared to sneak up behind her and seize her. 
“Don’t follow her.” 
The guards paused and turned to Adrian. 
Lucas and Grace looked at their son in confusion, Grace approached him and said, 
“My son, I was wrong when I asked you if you liked her. She doesn’t deserve you. What a nasty woman she is! Don’t forgive her.” 
She still thought her son was talking about Lynda on the birthday night of his children. So she tried to make him understand the reality. 
After taking one final, deep drag from the cigarette, Adrian smashed the cigarette bud. 
He looked at his father, then at his mother. “Don’t worry. Your son did not learn how to forgive. I stopped them because I wanted to punish her on my own.” 
Struggling to stop Adrian from leaving the house, Jeremy and Cora let out screams. They knew how merciless he was. 
Now, they regretted every sin they had committed. They started pleading for forgiveness. But no one listened to them. 
When Adrian stepped out of his home, he tilted his head to the left and right, and then his gaze landed on the path that led to the woods. 
“Lynda Pierce, you are not as clever as you think you are.” noveldrama
Adrian went to the forest and started running without shifting. 
She made a mistake by choosing to cross the border through the forest. She thought she could run away from this pack and save her life. But she had no idea about his pace. 
On the other hand, 
Lynda was running desperately to leave this pack to save her life. She had no idea how things had ended up the way they did. Her parents no longer had any power. She wondered how Adrian got to know about everything. There was not a single plece of evidence they left that could be used against them. 
Then how? 
Her legs collided with a rock, which caused her to fall to the ground. She cried out in pain. However, she quickly pressed her hand against her mouth in an attempt to calm herself down. 
Suddenly, she heard a sound of crunching coming from behind her. She uttered a gasp of shock. Slowly, she turned her head to look behind her to see who was there. 
As soon as she saw that there was no one following her, she let out a sigh of relief. Additionally, the sound of crunching ceased. 
After slowly rising to her feet, she turned around to continue her running. 
However, the moment she turned her head in front of her, she let out a scream. 
Adrian was standing right in front of her. 
She took a few steps back. “P–Please don’t kill me. 
With a wicked grin on his face, he asked, 
“Weren’t you the one who planned the car accident for her?” 
###Alpha 324
Lynda’s eyes widened. She shook her head, stepping backward. 
“Ad–Adrian, don’t do this to me.” 
Adrian stepped toward her slowly while enjoying her fear. 
“Wasn’t it you who constantly spread rumors about her?” 
Lynda could not help but feel her heart pondering. Adrian’s grin made her feel lost in terror. 
“Wasn’t it you who used to abuse her but told me the opposite story? You even dared to bully my children. They told me about it when they started living in the pack house, but I never believed them.” 
Lynda’s lips began to tremble. She felt she would pass out in fear. 
She was about to run from him, but Adrian grabbed her hand and drew her closer to him. 
She began to push him in fear. As he got closer to her ear, Adrian began to let out a hearty chuckle. He then whispered in her ear sarcastically, 
“Adrian, I am your life savior. Why are you doing this? Why don’t you let me get closer to you?” 
He laughed when he saw her shaking body. 
“What happened now, woman? Where is the conference? Vanish?” 
Lynda swallowed her breath as she started shaking. 
‘P–Please… Aahhhh!” 
The feeling of something sharp, like knives digging into her right arm caused her to let out a scream of pain. 
She lowered her head slowly and noticed that Adrian’s claws had emerged and dug into her arm. noveldrama
It turned out that he was actually piercing the burn scar with his claws. 
Suddenly, everything that she had done to emotionally blackmail him by showing him this scar came flooding back to Adrian’s mind. 
As he dug deeper, he murmured, 
“You wasted my many years where I could have lived a good life with my family. Because of you, I have to live my life like a punishment. It’s all because of you.” 
Lynda begged him to let her go, but her pleading only did more to inflame the hatred that was already present in his heart. 
A fiery rage could be seen in his eyes. 
It was the first time that Lynda had seen Adrian like that. It was not the Adrian, whom she had repeatedly made a fool of by blackmailing him about his past. 
It was Alpha Adrian, whom only his enemies had encountered. 
As the pain began to numb her body, she could feel the taste of death getting closer and closer to 
approaching her. She assumed she would not feel any pain anymore in her body. 
There was a steady flow of blood coming out of her arms. Adrian had not released her hand yet. 
When she looked at Adrian with a painful expression on her face, she said, 
“I–It’s not only my fault. You are the one who pushed her out of your life. All of your life, you believed in a lie. She has moved on. Now, even if you kill me, you will never be yours.” 
Her words fumed him as he lifted his other hand. She shut her eyes as she thought he would grab her 
neck. 
But she was shocked when his claws emerged from his other hand and pierced her chest through her dress. 
“W–Wha–What are you do–doing?” 
She tried to free herself from him. 
His claws clenched inside her arm to stop her from moving. His eyes were fixed on hers as his other hand reached her heart with his claws. 
“Aaahhhh!” 
###Alpha 325
She sobbed as her body came dangerously close to collapsing to the ground. The pain that she was experiencing was something she had no idea existed The pain reached her brain, and she heard a loud. noise inside. 
“The people only heard about my ruthlessness. But they don’t know the feeling of the pain I gave to the people while taking revenge,” he muttered. 
Her eyes grew large with the most painful expression. 
Adrian pulled his hand from inside her chest, causing her dress to tear. 
As soon as Adrian released her hand, her entire body collapsed to the ground. 
Her eyes remained wide open, as if she was still alive. 
Her heart was still pounding. But not in her chest, but rather on the cruel man’s hand. 
He held her heart in his hand and looked at it with glowing red eyes. 
His claws were flooded with blood. 
Taking his gaze away from the trembling heart, he turned his attention to Lynda and clenched his fists around her heart. 
There was not a slightest glint of sympathy in his eyes for the woman lying on the ground, lifeless. 
After a while, noveldrama
Adrian heard the voices of his officials calling out for him. 
“Adrian?” 
“Alpha?” 
“Where are 
you?” 
Adrian took a few steps back as he realized that everything was over. 
He turned around and saw a few wolves rushing toward him. Beside them were his four officials. 
Everyone halted when their eyes landed on Adrian’s hands. 
“Alpha, are you okay?” Gamma Benjamin asked, rushing toward him. 
Everyone stepped forward, only to see Lynda’s dead body lying on the ground. 
A pack fighter wolf approached him to offer his fur to wipe his bloodied hand on it. 
Adrian claws went inside, leaving the taints of blood on his fingers. 
“No need.” 
When he loosened his fist, something fell to the ground. Everyone looked at it and realized it was Lynda’s heart, which he had smashed. 
Adrian began to walk in the direction of his house. He had no idea when he would get home with these slow steps. 
“Take the body to bury it, Patric ordered others. 
Adrian’s steps paused as he turned around and said, 
“Take it back to my house. Every single member of the pack should be made aware of the consequences that await them in the future if they try to betray their Alpha. Tell them what she has been doing to their Alpha. If they laugh at me, let them laugh.” 
Given that it was their Alpha’s order, every official bowed their heads in submission. 
Though Patric was Adrian’s best friend, at the end of the day, Adrian was his head Alpha. There was a respect that always shone in his eyes for Adrian, 
Upon observing that Adrian continued to walk, he hurriedly approached him and uttered, 
“When I called her parents, they said they were coming. I think they are already in your house. Maybe she is also…” 
Adrian did not react as he let out a command for everyone. 
“Lead the way to the back side.” 
It was clear to his officials why he made that statement 
He did not want Natalia to see him in this state, nor did he want her to see what he had done to Lynda. 
D 
###Alpha 326
get it 
Natalia’s POV 
I was in my bedroom, laying on my bed. I did not know what the meaning behind Adrian’s confession was. I wished he had not said those things to me. 
I did not trust that man at all. But he swore on my children. I knew he loved them; he would never lie about anything after swearing about the love he had for Aria and Noah. 
“I don’t care what he feels for me. That has nothing to do with me,” I mumbled while staring at the ceiling. noveldrama
wolf, Nancy, wanted to go for a run. She was happy that Adrian wanted us. But I chose to ignore the snarl she was giving me. 
When Adrian and I got married, she was not there with me. She did not feel what I had to feel those two years. I felt like a prisoner in love, and he made my life miserable. 
“Our mate wants us,” Nancy spoke out from inside me, 
Unwilling to listen to her, I closed my eyes. But she continued to nudge me inside, pleading with me to pay attention to what she had to say. 
“We are mates by fate. How come you are ignoring our mate? He wants us. He loves us.” 
“Nancy, can you please shut up?” 
“No, I won’t. Every time I bring him up, you 
war and hurt him. You never healed his ways manage to silence me. In fact, you took over me in the 
wound, which can turn into poison.” 
I was taken by surprise. She was right. I never healed his wound. I wanted to, but he had some other kind of mindset about healing. 
My eyes widened when I recalled what he had told me about healing. 
I immediately opened my eyes, remembering how he had healed the wound on my chest. 
I 
I felt my heart pounding on my chest without any reason. I lifted my hand and rested it on my chest. 
“What is wrong with you? Do you start showing your true colors?” I asked my traitor heart. 
I was no longer in love with him. The hatred that I felt for him was greater than the love that I had for him In the past. 
A ringtone helped me come back to my senses. I reached out my hand and grabbed my phone. I noticed. It was Max. 
“Max,” I said after receiving the call. 
“Have you reached home safely?” 
His tone conveyed a sense of concern to me. I realized that this man was my boyfriend: 
was committed to him. It would be inappropriate for me to think about another man whom I had left many years ago. 
“Yes.” 
BHO 
“I did not like Adrian driving you back home. But it was because of your children that I let him take you 
that time. I will not let him do that again.” 
“Don’t worry, Max. I will not meet him again.” 
Max took a brief pause before muttering, 
“I want you to go to my pack with me.” 
My eyes grew wide, and I sat up straight in bed. 
“W–What?” 
###Alpha 327
“Natalia, this pack does not deserve you and your family. I can’t trust anyone with your brother’s treatment. I should not say that, but I don’t believe in the head Alpha of this pack. So there is no way that he will protect your family.” 
His words made me think about it. Was he saying the night thing? Would Adrian create any problems with Jason’s treatment? 
I bit my bottom lip, recalling how he confessed to me a few hours earlier. He even told me to stay away from Max. noveldrama
In 
But then I remembered how he gave my family a reputation in this pack. He never let them face any harassment or humiliation. 
“Natalia, what are you thinking?” 
I let out a sigh and replied, 
“Max. Let’s not talk about it. I want my brother to wake up first. I don’t think Adrian will hurt my family. At the end of the day, he will not harm the family who raised his children.” 
Max tumed silent. I assumed he might be upset. So I cleared her throat and said softly. 
“Please don’t get mad at me. I know you want the best for me and my family. I also know you are having problems living in this pack for me. But my children are here. How can I leave suddenly, leaving them all alone? Can you please wait until my brother wakes up? promise I will do as you say after that.” 
“Okay. As you wish.” 
I was relieved that Max listened to me. Later, he hung up and let out a deep breath. 
As I was about to lie down again, I heard a sound of smashing. 
I quickly left my bedroom to see what had happened. I dashed to the stairs because the noises were coming from downstairs. 
When I looked down, I saw my father destroying things out of rage. My mother was holding him from 
behind. 
I hurried downstairs and asked, 
“What happened, dad?” 
He turned to me and said something that shook me to the core. 
“That Gamma Jeremy was the one who abducted you as a child. I wish I had investigated and killed him a long time ago.” 
I was shocked. “What!” 
My mother nodded at me with tears in her eyes. “Alpha Adrian discovered the truth and called us into his house.” 
“I am going with you all,” I said, heading back to the stairs to change my night clothes. 
But my father stopped me and said, 
“No, you don’t have to go there. We will decide what punishment they will receive.” 
I turned to him and shook my head as my eyes glowed blue. 
“I want to see their punishment in front of my eyes. They abused me a lot when I was a kid. Allow me to witness them in the most terrible state of their lives.” 
I could clearly see that my mother was averting her gaze from me. I made my way over to her and took her hand. 
Seeing that she was crying, I wiped her tears away and then asked, 
“What happened, mom?” 
In response, she hugged me tightly and replied, 
“There is something more, Natalia. They have a daughter, and it’s Adrian’s ex–fiancee Lynda.” 
I was completely and utterly taken aback. 
“WHAT?” 
She pulled away from the hug and cupped my face. 
Throughout all of these years, those three people have been deliberately misleading everyone.” 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free fou 
you 
###Alpha 328
My kids were sound asleep in their room when I went to check on them. After telling my maid to look after them, my parents and I left the house. 
As soon as I stepped out of my house, there was a car waiting for us. 
It was sent by Delta Julian. His driver opened the doors for us and said it was the royal order to bring us to Alpha’s house. 
I did not argue about anything because It was not time to call for a cab. We got inside the car, heading to our destination. 
It was midnight, and the only lights that could be seen on the road were the dim yellow lights that were coming from the street lamps. 
My mind was completely preoccupied with my own thoughts. I had a hard time accepting the fact that Lynda was the child of my adoptive parents. 
‘So, all of these, why do they keep her hidden from the rest of the world? Why do they never accept her in front of others? I thought. 
Iwas perplexed and angry at the same time because those people had taken me away from my parents in the past. 
If they had not done it, I could have lived a better life than this. 
When the car was passing the forest side, my eyes caught a glimpse of something. 
I immediately looked out the window and tried to see clearly. The sight of a few wolves running caught my attention.. 
After assuming that they might have gone for a run, I chose to disregard the possibility and instead lean my back against the seat. 
My brows furrowed in surprise when the car eventually turned onto a road that I was already familiar with. Then I realized I was going to the house where I used to live with Adrian. noveldrama
‘So, when the driver mentioned Alpha’s house, he meant this house?” 
Suddenly, it reminded me of what Amanda had told me. Adrian had started living in that house a few months ago. 
The car came to a stop in front of the house. I did not waste any time and got out of the car with my parents. 
As soon as I entered the house, I saw Adrian’s mother crying. 
My legs froze as I wondered why she was crying. Lucas was holding her in his arms and patting her back 
to calm her. 
But when their eyes fell on me and my parents, they appeared to be frozen. 
I walked inside and asked Grace, 
“Why are you crying. Aunt Grace?” 
Grace rushed to me and pulled me into her embrace. 
I was completely taken aback by her actions. With me in her arms, she shed tears. 
Until now, I had never witnessed her broken in such a manner. She looked fragile in that state. She used to be a dominant Luna, but now she appears to be broken. 
I glanced at Adrian’s father, Lucas. He made a slight how to my parents, and they gave it back to him a moment later. 
After breaking the hug, Grace took my hands and held them. “Please forgive me and my family if we ever unintentionally hurt you.” 
Having no idea why she was saying that, I blinked my eyes in confusion. Weren’t they calling us to hand over Jeremy and Cora to us? 
They could be a little upset with Lynda, but what did it have to do with me? 
Grace’s hands shook as they tried to hold my hands tightly. 
“Forgive my family, my child. You saved the pack’s heir, but we never recognized you.” 
###Alpha 329
I was in complete shock. How did they find out about it? It was the past, and I never told anyone about it. Then how did they get to know about it? 
“What are you saying. Grace?” My mother asked. 
Grace let go of my hand and proceeded to walk in the direction of my mother. Her hands were joined together, and she mumbled, 
“We should be punished for hurting your daughter. She had to go through divorce and leave our pack. We could have protected her and made her feel secure here.” 
My parents did not understand what was going on. So my father turned to Adrian’s father and asked, 
“Lucas, will you explain?” 
His tone seemed informal to me. I wondered if my parents had met Adrian’s parents before. 
I had never witnessed them meeting or conversing with one another before. Then how was it possible for them to be so friendly with one another? They used to be Alphas and Lunas from separate packs. 
In that case, shouldn’t they behave like professionals? 
I stared at Lucas as I awaited his explanations. 
“Martin, your daughter is the angel who saved my son so many years ago. Because of her, Adrian is alive now. If she had not rescued him that night, my rival’s men might have killed him. Your daughter took a risk and saved him without thinking twice. She even burned her hand while trying to save him. 
My parents turned their heads to look at him. I lowered my head. 
“It was all in the past, uncle. Let’s not talk about it. I hold no grudges against you two,” I said. 
Grace shook her head, and she said, 
“It is not the past anymore. It destroyed my son’s whole life.” 
With a frown, I looked at her. “What do you mean?” 
She sobbed and cried before responding with a broken heart. 
“He had spent his entire life searching for the girl. He never forgot about her and considered making her his Luna. So, when he discovered a girl with the same burn mark, he offered her his Luna’s position as a repayment for the debt.” 
My eyebrows rose in confusion. “What?” 
Lucas exhaled a deep breath of defeat. He gazed into my eyes. I could see pain within them. 
“Lynda had been tricking Adrian for a very long time. She made up the story that she was the one who had saved him in the past. She even accepted it a few months ago in front of us. We looked into it and found evidence on her side. Now we realize how everything went so smoothly. It was because Jeremy and his wife had been planning everything about it all these years. They wanted their biological daughter to marry noveldrama
our son.” 
I stared at Lucas. I did not know what to feel at this moment. 
‘Adrian wanted to make that girl his Luna?” 
Holding her head, Grace almost fell, but Lucas hurried to catch her. She looked pale, as if she were losing 
her health. 
“Aunt Gracel” 
We all rushed over to her. She closed her eyes and mumbled, 
“What will Adrian do now? It is going to drive my son nsane. How will we stop him? Today, I could see the pain in his eyes behind the anger. The person he was looking for was always in front of him, but he did not recognize her.” 
###Alpha 330
Natalia’s POV 
Natalia’s hands froze as they were holding Adrian’s mother’s hands. She blinked her eyes and took a step 
back. 
She looked away from Grace without any expression on her face. 
“Aunt, you need some rest,” Natalia said with a low tone. 
There was no maid to help Grace at that moment. So Natalla’s mother, Jade, initiated and helped Grace go to a bedroom to take some rest. Grace thanked her politely, as she was losing her mind for her son. 
Jade glanced at Natalia while heading toward a room, then gazed at Natalia’s father, Martin. He gave her an assured nod that he would take care of Natalia. 
Martin then walked toward Natalia, who was lost in thoughts. 
“My child, are you okay?” Martin asked. 
Natalia turned to her father and asked, 
“Dad, how do you know Uncle Lucas?” 
Lucas looked at Natalia the moment he heard her. Martin stroked her hair and replied, 
“It’s a long story. There is no need to discuss it anymore.” 
She did not ask further since her father declined to say anything. 
When her mother returned to the living room, she advised Lucas to contact a doctor. 
“Should I call Max?” Natalia asked. 
Lucas shook his head. “She is fine. I am afraid if Adrian sees Doctor Max at this time, maybe he will not feel good.” 
His words caused Natalia’s brows to furrow as she turned her head away from him. She did not care what was going on there. She did not care about how Adrian would feel about whatever it was. She did not care why Adrian was going to marry Lynda. 
She really did not give a damn about anything right now. 
She was no longer Natalia, who had deep feelings for Adrian Miller. She had become the Natalia, who preferred to avoid the shadow of her past. 
“Uncle, I am very clear about it. I don’t have any problems with any of you. I actually said that to Adrian as well. Even after he took over my pack, I still told him that I could let go of the past; we should not remain anything in our minds and move on.” 
There was a reason why she had said that. 
When she had to divorce that man and leave the pack with her unborn twins, how did she feel? 
Did anyone think about her at that time? She was the one who had to bear all of that. So, why would she care about anyone else’s feelings now? 
‘No one matters to me anymore,‘ she thought to herself 
“I know. But the situation is-” 
“Uncle, let’s not discuss it again. Aunt is sick. This is not the place for it.” 
Lucas glanced at Martin, who also agreed with his daughter. “She is right.” noveldrama
Lucas sighed in defeat and nodded his head. 
“You all can talk. I do not want to meet my adoptive parents anymore, who have been destroying my life. up until now. I am going outside to breathe some fresh air. I will be back shortly.” 
After saying that, Natalia left the house. 
She looked around and felt that the night was getting colder. 
As soon as she started to move, a few guards stopped her. 
“Miss, don’t go to the back side.” 
With a doubtful expression, she questioned, “Why?” 
“It’s Alpha’s order. No one is permitted to go there.” 
? 
Support
###Alpha 331
Natalia frowned and decided not to go to the back side. Taking a look at the guards, she responded,
"I can not go into the back area, but I can still go to the forest. No one can stop me."
The guards did not stop her because she simply wanted to go to the forest.
Natalia shrugged her shoulders as she stepped toward the forest area.
As soon as she entered the forest, she heard the sounds of howling. She stood behind a tree and tried to see who was coming at that time.
She scowled when she saw a man coming in her direction. There were four people and the wolves following behind him.
Her feelings of hatred for him grew stronger. Hearing his mother's words did not shake her heart even slightly. Instead, it became more intense because he had been causing her pain for no reason.
She muttered as she looked at him from a distance.
"Adrian Miller, I will never forgive you."
On the other hand,
Adrian felt like he was losing his mind. His head was pounding all over inside for no reason. He clenched and unclenched his hands for a while.
His hands, chest, and face were all covered in dried bloodstains. He felt the walk back to the house was way too long.
For some reason, he did not want to return home. He wanted to turn around and flee somewhere for a few days to calm down.
When Adrian was almost close to the backside of his house, his legs froze.
Natalia was standing there as if she were waiting for him. Her hands were folded across her chest, and her eyes turned dark blue.
He remembered the dreams in which they hunted him.
Natalia's cold expression did not linger on him long. Her eyes to the wolves,
wolves, who were
WPnoveldrama
Lynda's body by biting her legs. 
She was shocked.
"W-What happened to her?"
She slowly moved her gaze to Adrian's hands and saw blood on his hands.
Adrian lowered his head, looking away from her.
"Leave."
He muttered it to his officials and the wolves behind him.
Theta Emon and Delta Julian grabbed Lynda's arms to help the
wolves and began to pull her theet the house. the
direction 
As they walked faster to get out of e
the forest, Natalia's gaze was drawn to Lynda's injured hand, but she did
not
Cget a chance to glance ather
chest. 
én.swnovels
At the moment that everyone else had left them alone, Natalia turned her head and found Adrian coming closer to her.
His head was low, and his steps were shaking.
The moonlight gave her the sight to see him clearly in the darkness.
"I heard about them and..."
Natalia murmured but paused because, as soon as Adrian stopped in front of her, he fell on his knees.
With his head bowed, he knelt down in front of her.
"It was entirely my fault, Natalia. I wish I had a chance to beg you for forgiveness. But my sins are unforgivable."
###Alpha 332
Natalia stared at Adrian with wide eyes.
This had never happened before. Or she could say she had never heard that Alpha Adrian had ever knelt down in front of anyone else, not even in front of his father.
She was shocked as she stared at him. His words did not reach her mind, as she was too surprised to understand anything. "Ad..."
She stopped herself as her hands tightened into fists. They almost rose to stop him but then she slowly put them beside her.
She stared at him, not knowing what was going on in his mind.
The way he lowered his head, she could not even see his face.
"What..." she cleared her throat and continued, "What is wrong with you?"
Adrian did not speak for a few minutes.
It was as if his body froze in that state.
Natalia bit her bottom lip, as she had no idea what to say. Adrian did not look like he was making fun of her at this moment by kneeling before her. "Adrian, wh-"
"Forgive me, Natalia."
His words interrupted her. She paused and averted her gaze from him.
The strong smell of blood coming out of his body. She wondered if he got hurt anywhere since his hands were full of blood.
She shook her head as she pushed through the thought. She should not care about this man.
It had been a while since he began to seek forgiveness.
But tonight was different. He confessed to her just a few hours ago.
Now, suddenly, he realized the truth about Lynda.
"Have you lost your mind because your Lynda has been deceiving you, Alpha Adrian?" she asked with a sneer.
She could not help but mock him. She could not forget how he used to call her weak and that woman strong. "Forgive me," he muttered once again.
She scoffed at him. "You mentioned
a while back that your sins are
unforgivable. How can you ask
forgiveness? What about my suffering if I let go of everything? Still, told you to let me move on. But what did you do? You again started to create problems in my life." 
He fell silent again. She wanted to go back, but she felt she should see the man losing his pride in front of her.
Her brows lifted when he began to speak again.
"I had been searching for you for so many years. I was so blind to find the girl with that burn mark that I did not recognize when a girl with a flawless body came into my life."
He slowly raised his head to look at her.
As soon as her gaze met his eyes, she took a step back.
His eyes were blurry.
If she had not seen it for herself, she would never have believed Alpha Adrian could shed tears.
Tears streamed down his cheeks, indicating pain. But his expression was bitter. He looked even worse in that state, as if he was broken.
She blinked her eyes and immediately turned around to look away from him.
He did not hold back any longer, speaking up once more.noveldrama
"I have never in my life thought that it was you. I had no idea that you were capable of healing your wounds. I didn't know you were the one who rescued me that night. I owe you my life."
She shut her eyes, trying to control herself. Her heart started to pound inside her. She let out a shaky breath as she kept listening to him until he said the next sentence, which
caused her to open her eyes.
"I don't know what my fate is. The person I desired the most was always with me, but I never secured her in my arms. Now that I have realized everything, she hates me the most."
She clenched her jaw as she felt something pierce her eyes, making them wet.
"Tell me what I can do to relieve your suffering am your culprit. Do you want to kill me? I am allowing you to kill me tonight. I swear I will not shift or move a little to oppose my death at your hands." 
###Alpha 333
Natalia looked at the ground, trying her best to prevent her tears from falling out of her eyes.
It was not easy to live the way she did.
The days she had to pass were not so easy that just killing someone could ease her pain.
The pain he had caused her left a hole in her heart. She had been living her life entirely alone, believing that she could never trust another man. She was quiet, and the entire world fell silent around her.
She wiped her eyes as her eyes turned cold. She turned around and saw Adrian looking at her.
With frigid eyes, she peered down at him.
It broke Adrian's heart even more.
Her eyes were like a dagger to his heart. Her cold face made his situation even worse.
"What do you think of yourself, Alpha Adrian? You can do whatever you want, and once the time has passed, you can ask for forgiveness. Do you think my life is a game to you?"
He shook her head and murmured, "Your life is precious to me."
She could not help but laugh.
"Precious? It's because you now know that I was the girl who helped you that night. Didn't I warn you that your ground would slip?"
He stared at her without answering her. He looked into her eyes.
Under the moonlight, she looked like an ice queen to him. He felt that he was a king who had betrayed his queen and was unable to protect her.
He shut his eyes. More tears fell down his cheeks, leaving him perplexed.
He was confused about what fate had planned for him.
His eyes returned to the woman, his woman, whom he had loved the most for years.
For as long as he could remember, he had only ever committed himself to her.
"How much have I lost in my life, Adrian? What did I gain? I endured every pain for you. You married a girl but abandoned her like strangers for two years, destroying her every day. Even if it were Lynda who saved you, what was that girl's fault?" noveldrama
Natalia took another step back as she continued.
"Let me tell you what was her fault. It was her fault that she was naive and in love with a cruel person who never gave her the happiness that she deserved. She was responsible for ruining her own life. Because not once did he fail to cause her pain. Not even when she was in the operating theater, giving Birth to his children." 
Adrian was shocked. "What are you saying?"
"What? Didn't my dad call you countless times to talk to you about me? When you were there, what did you say to your secretary? You said you did not even want to hear my name. Isn't it funny that I kept calling your name in my darkest dreams?" 
Adrian's heart trembled.
"I-I have no idea what you are saying. I never received any calls from your family."
###Alpha 334
"What?"
Natalia asked with a frown. She shook her head in anger. "Do you have any shame? At this moment, you are still lying."
He wanted to stand up and approach her, telling her that he knew nothing about it.
But the moment he moved, she took another step backward.
So he decided to speak without standing up. He inhaled deeply and replied,
"I am not lying. My secretary never told me that anyone calle—"
Adrian paused when he recalled that he used to have a personal secretary who Lynda selected for him. She told him at the time that she did not believe any woman and that she should choose one of the selected people.
Natalia waited for his reply as her eyes examined his face with a scowl.
"I got it," he said.
She let out a sneer. "I knew it. Such a liar you are!"
"Not your family's call. I got what could have happened. Maybe your dad called me but my secretary declined him from approaching me. She was close to Lynda. So maybe she did it intentionally."
Natalia was taken by surprise. How many more things had Lynda planned?
If Lynda were an ordinary woman without a family, Natalia would have thought it was not easy for her. However, she was the former Gamma's real daughter. So everything was possible for her when she had the support of Jeremy.noveldrama
"If I had received the call, I would have gone to your pack to get you back. After the divorce, I searched for you a lot. But due to your hidden identity, I could not find you. Your family managed to shield you from me completely."
"Why were you looking for me after the divorce? Didn't you want me to leave your life?"
He lowered his head and replied, "I wanted that. But when you left, I realized it was all my anger. I misunderstood you that night. How should I explain this to you? Everything was preplanned, and we were both deceived by your adoptive parents."
She did not take her eyes off of him. His words did not reach her heart, but the way he appeared fragile today caught her off guard.
"I can't forgive you. I don't care who was behind everything, but I just can't forgive you," she mumbled, turning around to leave.
Adrian raised her head to look at her. "Natalia."
She shut her eyes to take a deep breath.
we
“I believe that it would be best if we forgot about our past. I have been telling you this for a long time, dust forget it or live with it; the choice is yours." 
Adrian slowly got to his feet and approached her from behind.
She felt him getting closer, which caused her eyes to flung open. She turned around and looked at him.
"|-|-"
"No matter what, Adrian, you will never understand what I have been through."
"Then tell me how I can feel your pain."
He was about to get closer to her, but she stopped him by pressing her hand on his chest, close to his heart.
Her eyes were sharp, digging into him. But his gaze was soft, looking at her desperately.
Natalia chuckled at his words as he replied,
"Do you really want to feel my pain?"
"Yes," he murmured, losing his mind in front of her.
The closeness between them was
heart for him to ease his pounding would leave him after a unde
heartbeat, but he was afraid but he was afraid that she
"Then, love someone so passionately, daringly, and
desperately that you can not
imagine your life without thel
Toni
person." 
Hearing her, his heart melted. He looked into her eyes and whispered,
"I do."
Natalia did not break eye contact and then said,
"After that, lose her and feel the defeat in love."
###Alpha 335
Adrian froze in his place. His hands trembled as he took a step back from Natalia.
His chest moved from her palm as her hand was still in its position. He let out a shaky breath as he nodded his head.
"If that's what you want, then..."
He could not find any more words to say. Was she not the person he loved the most? Didn't he confess to her a few hours ago? Why was she speaking as though she were talking about someone else?
How could he think of losing her? He could never think of that. He loved her.
He realized tonight that it was always her. Both his wolf and his heart belonged to her. That was why he married her, even if he knew he could avoid the marriage. That night, he felt her wholly and wanted to wrap his arms around her once again. He always caused her pain, but he never considered losing her.
Maybe it was the reason when she suddenly disappeared from his sight, he had lost his mind.
Natalia saw him moving away from her. She looked away and turned around.
She then left him in the forest to bear the pain in his heart all alone.
Adrian did not stop moving backward. His gaze remained fixed on Natalia until she vanished from sight.
His back pressed against a tree. He raised his hand to wipe his face, but his gaze was drawn to his bloodied palm.
He felt disgusted. He turned to the tree and punched it in frustration.
"It's all because of her. She even stopped me from seeing my children's faces when they were born."
He kept punching at the tree until his own blood rushed out of his knuckles.
He did not feel any pain. The pain in his heart was more than anything he could endure.
That night, Adrian did not return home. He shifted into his wolf form and ran for so long he was not even aware of how far he had gone.
He was mad at himself. He wanted something to ease his broken heart. He ruined his beautiful and proud life with his own hands.
The next day, he went to the pack house. The atmosphere was tense as everyone waited for him to return.
He saw her mother fall ill. When he asked Harold about it, he revealed that her mother had been seriously injured by a serious disease. She would need a long time to regain her health.
He did not believe it at first, but Harold showed him medical reports. Adrian felt he had come to the edge of his downfall.
"Where are my children?" Adrian asked his officials.
"They are in their rooms. We brought them today from Natalia's house," Delta Julian replied.
Adrian went to his children's room and opened the door with a broken look.
He only had two kids to whom he
could
his own. Without
Ody to lose now. C
s to en.swnovelt
"Dad!"noveldrama
Aria rushed to him. He lifted her into his arms and stepped inside the room.
"Dad, you said to take care of But we could not do
because she was crel
= Ps om." 
Adrian sat her next to Noah on the bed.
Noah was silently looking at his father. Adrian sat on his knees and looked at them.
"I am sorry. "I made your mommy cry," he told Aria with a bitter expression.
He gently placed his hand on Noah's head and rubbed his hair.
Noah was shocked by his father's upset face. He had never seen him like this.
"Dad, we want Mommy back in our lives."
Adrian's hands froze as he felt the pain Natalia had to endure a few months ago. She had to separate from her children. Today, his children wanted to be separated from him. 
He took his hand away and muttered,
"If you want to move to your mother's house, I will not stop you two."
He got to his feet and turned to leave the room.
Noah and Aria got up from the bed. Aria grabbed Adrian's hand and stopped him by saying,
"Dad, we don't want to move there."
Adrian turned to face them, unsure what Aria was trying to say.
Noah reached out to take his other hand and said,
"We want to live with both of you together."
###Alpha 336
Natalia's POV
It had been a week since I found out about my adoptive parents and Lynda.
The whole week, I thought about how Adrian asked for forgiveness. I wanted to push all of his thoughts but could not keep my cool.
On the other hand, Max went out of the pack for some time. He said that when he returned, he would talk to me about something.
One good thing that happened this week was that Eric was getting better. His health was improving a lot. Since Max was giving him the cure that he discovered for the poison, his health was getting better daily.
I did not know how to thank Max more. I owed a lot to him. He came into my life not just as a second chance but as an angel who could remove all the danger from my family.
"How are you feeling today?" I asked Eric.
These days, he could sit at the table and eat with us.
It made me very happy to see him back in good health.
"I'm fine. All thanks to Doctor Max," Eric replied, chewing his food.
"He is really a good man," my mother said, praising Max.
I nodded my head in agreement.
After a while, my father received a call from the pack house.
The last two days, he began to talk with Alpha Lucas regularly. My mother eagerly looked at my father, yearning to know how Adrian's mother was right now.
His mother was ill, which surprised me when I found out. I thought she was sad, but when Harold announced about her disease, it caused me to feel upset.
"I'm going to my work, bye," I said, getting up from my chair.
"Let me drive you there," Eric told me.
I shook my head. "No, I don't want to take any car. But thanks for asking."
I left the house after wiping her hands and grabbing my bag.
My parents' anger toward Adrian calmed down when they learned about the truth.
The most shocking thing was how he killed Lynda. The day after that night, the news of Lynda's death spread to all of the pack.
People who used to think Adrian
was ruthless, but now they begin to
think that he was a cold-blooded Alpha. They could not believe how
he smashed the woman's heart, who
had been with him for even
UM
years. 
But then, when the officials declared for Lynda's death, all the
Palembers were sanda
betrayed Adrian in a cocked, Lynda
I used to think he loved Lynda. It looked like he could never love anyone other than himself.
I took a cab and went to my coffee shop. Liana seemed pleased to see me back at work.
To get my head back on straight, I had taken a few days off. But now that I was back, I needed to focus on my work properly. "Miss Natalia?"
I heard my name while I was wearing the apron. I saw a young man carrying a bouquet of red roses.
"Yes?
I noticed other employees were glancing at the roses with awe. There were no other customers in the coffee shop because it had just opened. 
The man approached me and gave me the bouquet of roses.
"This is for you."
I frowned at him. He then bowed at me, which caught me off guard. I was no longer considered royalty. Why did he bow to me?
Without saying anything else, he turned and left.noveldrama
The employees started gossiping as they glanced at me and the roses.
I looked at the beautiful roses and found a card inside the bouquet. The fresh scent of roses nearly blew my mind.
When I opened the card, I noticed something written on the inside.
"It's just a bouquet of some beautiful red roses. But I believe they pale in comparison to your beauty."
###Alpha 337
I blinked a couple of times after reading the card. I did not know who could write such things.
"Who sent it?" Liana asked as she walked towards me.
"I don't know," I mumbled, staring at the roses.
The young man looked unfamiliar to me. I did not even get the chance to ask him who sent the flowers to me. Max was also not in the pack.
"Based on how he was bowing to you, I believe it is from Alpha."
Liana's words caused me to pause. I turned to her and asked,
"Do you really think so?"
"Yeah."
Everyone was aware of what Adrian had done to his girlfriend. Liana knew I was his ex-wife. So she assumed it could be Adrian.
My eyes darkened as I raised the bouquet to throw it in the trash can, but another small card caught my attention as it fell on the floor from inside it.
I bent down and grabbed the card to read it.
"Don't throw it. I am the one whom you should throw, not the roses. Next time, when we meet, you can fight me. I will wait for that day."
My fingers clenched the card as I shut my eyes.
'Adrian, what kind of nonsense is this? Do you think I will forgive you if you do these kinds of things?' I thought.
I handed the bouquet to Liana and said,
"Give all of these roses to our customers today. I don't want it."
Liana was stunned by my statement. The other employees were shocked. I looked away from them and focused on the work when I noticed some customers entering the shop.
The entire day went well, as there were so many customers in the shop today. I made myself busy at work.
I gave others a phony smile. My mind kept going back to the bouquet whenever Liana pulled out one rose from it. It was a bouquet of more than twenty roses.
"We are leaving, Natalia."
The employees were leaving the shop. I gave them a nod as I checked the bills for today. After the employees left, I locked the cash box.
As usual, I would have to close the shop at closing time.
When I was locking the gate of the shop, I noticed the sky was cloudy.
It brought back memories of getting wet in the the rain with Max. I chuckled
as I
I
tip called how silly I could be at
swno
times. 
I began
for a cab. A car
while walk down the street top right beside me at Cametnoveldrama
to a
moment. 
I turned around and saw a man stepping out of the car.
I stepped aside as I looked at him.
"Adrian?"
He appeared composed. But his eyes seemed to be desperate.
"Natalia, it is going to rain soon. Get in my car. My driver will drop you home."
I glared at him and replied,
"No, need. Why did you send that bouquet?"
"Did you throw it?" he asked with an upset look.
"No, I gave it to the customers."
Adrian appeared to be dumbfounded. But he regained his composure and said,
"I want to talk to you about something."
"But I don't want to."
After saying that, I started walking ahead. I spotted a cab and quickly hailed it.
I got inside the cab and was about to tell the driver to start it, but
Sone tapped on the window
Sunol
glass. 
I turned to face Adrian, who was motioning for me to open the window.
I rolled my eyes at him and said to the driver,
"Start the car."
###The driver glanced at Adrian and then at me. He started the car but drove slowly. 
“Natalia.” 
I heard Adrian shouting my name from behind the car. I did not pay attention to his voice. 
“Wait.” 
“Don’t leave.” 
“Listen to me.” 
“Hey! Stop the car.” 
I was shocked when he ran to pace the car. The driver immediately stopped the car when Adrian 
reached for the door. 
“Why did yo-” 
I was about to scold the driver, but before that, Adrian opened the door and got inside the car to sit 
next to me. 
I was surprised. “What are you doing?” 
He looked at the driver and said, “Now let’s go.” 
The driver chuckled because he thought Adrian was my boyfriend, and I was mad at him. 
I gave Adrian a stern look and asked, 
“What the hell!” 
He let out a deep breath as he looked at me. I felt awkward because of how close he was sitting to 
1. me. 
I moved a little to make distance from him. I tightened my fists in anger. 
‘What is wrong with you?” I asked him. 
“I have been thinking about what you told me that night.” 
I was confused. “What are you saying?” 
He nodded with a serious expression. “The last seven days went like seven years to me.” 
I looked away from him with an annoyed face. I looked outside the window, watching the running landscape as the car moved. 
The cold wind, mixed with an earthy smell, reached my nostrils and made me feel refreshed. But the man next to me is causing the most trouble for me right now. 
“Natalia, I love you.” 
I froze when I heard him. I scowled as I turned to face him. “I don’t have time for your nonsense.” 
The cab driver laughed at my tone. “Madam, it is difficult to find true love these days. If the young man confesses to you, why not give him a chance?” 
I turned my head at the driver. He was glancing at us through the rearview mirror. 
“Are you serious? Why are you listening to your customer’s conversation?” 
My cold tone made him look away from us. He then focused on the road without letting out any other 
words. 
“He is so right. Gentleman, what is the registration number of your car?” 
“Why?” the driver asked. 
Adrian got on my nerves. What had it to do with him? He might be enjoying everything. 
“I will ask the head Alpha to help you in your-” 
“Shut up. Why are you here? Why are you bothering me?” I interrupted Adrian and asked that furiously. 
Adrian turned his head towards me and replied, 
“I found the solution to your words.” 
I glared at him, but when I heard his next words, it perplexed me completely. 
“You told me to lose her after loving her, but what if my feelings are strong? I will chase her with my, noveldrama
broken heart.” 
“W–What are you saying?” 
He moved closer to me and whispered, 
“Natalia, you don’t love me anymore. But I can still love you from my side. Even if it is one–sided, I will have no regrets later.” 
D 
###“W–What?” 
Natalia asked, as she could not even blink after hearing Adrian. 
He was so close to her that she could feel his heart racing, which indicated that he was nervous. 
His desperate look indicated that he was telling her the truth. It was what he wanted. 
Natalia’s eyes were filled with shock as she looked into his. 
She assumed he would never approach her again after their conversation in the forest that night. 
Adrian’s eyes were full of admiration as he looked at her. The low, dim lights of the street lamps continued to shine on her face, illuminating the lines on her face. 
He could not help but move a little closer to her. He wanted to hold her in his arms and never let go. 
Sudey, the car moved on the bumpy road, causing him to fall onto her. 
When Natalia felt the touch of a pair of warm lips in the corner of her lips, her eyes widened. 
She immediately pushed Adrian away from her body, causing him to back away. 
As if he could not understand how fast everything happened, he cleared his throat and muttered, 
“I am so sorry. I didn’t do that intentionally. The car… 
He paused, looked away from her, and then turned to the window. He rubbed the back of his neck, not knowing what to say. noveldrama
But a smile spread across his lips as he realized he had nearly kissed her. His lips tingled as he wanted to feel the touch of the corner of those soft lips again. But he controlled himself and shook 
his head. 
On the other hand, 
Natalia was unmoved in her seat. She raised her hand and touched the corner of her mouth. Then, let out a long and deep breath. 
Her wolf was fascinated by her mate’s touch. She wanted to shift and get closer to get in touch with 
him. 
Natalia bit her bottom lips and curled her fingers into a fist. 
“Do you find it funny?” she asked, not looking at him, 
“What is funny?” 
“All these things you are doing.” 
Adrian frowned as he turned his head toward her. “Do you think it is funny to me?” 
She looked at him and nodded her head. “Yes. You are behaving strangely. You don’t look like Alpha 
Adrian Miller,” she said in a lower tone so that the driver would not listen to her. 
His frown eased as he gave her a broad smile. “People change when they fall in love.” 
She wanted to punch him with her fist, but instead, she tightened it to control her anger. “Quit talking like this, Adrian.” 
His gaze shifted to her fist and remained there for a while. She noticed it and was about to move her hand, but he grabbed her wrist. 
“What are you doing?” 
He touched her fingers and slowly unfisted her hand. He rubbed his thumb against her palm, where the marks from her fingernails were visible due to the firm fist. 
While rubbing, he said, 
“I know you are mad at me, and you don’t even want to see my face. You don’t care how I am feeling right now, and maybe you will never care. But…” 
He paused and moved his gaze at her, then smirked at her. 
“You are well aware of my evil nature. I can’t help it. I have to bother you for the rest of your life to convince you to accept this ruthless man’s heart.” 
###“Stop the car.” 
Natalia snatched her hand from Adrian’s grip a 
“I said stop the car.” 
looked at the cab driver. 
The cab driver was stunned by her sudden yell. When he was about to turn the car around to come to a stop in a corner, he noticed that another vehicle was approaching from the opposite direction. As a result, the driver had to turn the car to the opposite side. 
As the car moved at such a rapid pace, Natalia’s body moved in the direction of the window. She was on the verge of hitting her head on the window glass when it almost touched her. 
But Adrian pulled her head closer to his chest. His hand pressed against the window glass next to Natalia, preventing it from touching her head. 
Natalia was shocked. 
She had been in a car accident before. That night, she was close to death. That night, this man came to her rescue, almost crashing his car to stop her car. He saved her that time. 
In her hatred of her past, she almost forgot about that incident. 
The driver lost control as he kept rolling the steering wheel to take control of the car. 
Natalia felt an arm holding her tightly to press her against a hard chest. She blinked her eyes while staring at Adrian. 
His expression grew fiercer, as if his mood had turned to dust. He was no longer the sweet man he was a while ago. As if he was trying to protect the most important person in his life. noveldrama
The car came to a stop with a loud screech. 
O 
The bodies of Adrian and Natalia lurched forward, but Adrian did not let go of Natalia. Instead, he removed his hand from the window glass and embraced her tightly. 
The driver turned around to check on them. “Are you both okay?” 
When Natalia looked at the driver, she noticed a small cut on his forehead. 
“You should go to the Pack Hospital.‘ 
The driver touched his forehead and noticed blood. 
O 
Adrian let out a deep breath, as if he were relieved that nothing had happened. 
Natalia tried to move away from him, but he tightened his grip, refusing to leave her. 
He looked at her and asked softly, 
“Are you okay?” 
Her heart clenched in response to his soft tone and worried eyes. She did not want to see them. She 
had no desire to return to the past. Aside from that, she had another man in her life now. She could not let her heart feel weak for her ex–husband. 
She pushed him and replied, 
“I’m fine.” 
The driver’s eyes relaxed as he realized his passengers were safe, but then they widened when he looked at the window glass next to Natalia. 
The glass was cracked, and there was blood rolling down from the crack. His gaze shifted downward and settled on Adrian’s hand. 
His eyes grew larger as he spoke out. 
“Sir, your hand!” 
Natalia lowered her head, and then she was taken aback. Adrian’s palm was gushing blood. 
It looked like he had applied pressure to the glass, causing it to crack and injure his hand. 
Grasping his hand, Natalia uttered, 
“You need to treat your wound!” 
Support 
###Adrian stared at Natalia. It was like he had seen a glint of worry in her eyes, which jolted his heart. 
He smiled at her as his fierce face calmed down slowly. He glanced at his hand. His palm was bleeding. but the pain was nothing to him. 
However, he did not want to show his bravery in front of her. For the first time, he wanted to look weak. 
“You are right,” he muttered in a low tone. 
Natalia lifted her gaze to look at him. His eyes locked with hers. She let go of his hand when she realized she was holding it. 
She immediately turned to the door and opened it. Before getting out of the cab, she said, 
“I’m leaving. Thanks for saving me.” 
Adrian hurriedly got out of the cab after her. He saw her walking ahead. 
With a frown in his face, he ran after her. 
“Hey! How can you be so cruel? Don’t you think I should go to the pack hospital to get my wound treated?” noveldrama
Natalia took a pause to turn to him. “I considered it for a while, but then realized who you are. Just heal it. What’s the issue?” 
Adrian approached her slowly and said, “No, look at my hand. If I leave it untreated, it will get infected.” 
Natalia lowered her gaze to examine his wound. Though his palm was bloodied, she believed he did not need it. His wolf was way more powerful to heal it. So there was no need for anything else. 
“The glass did not break, and it did not pierce your palm anyway.” 
He shook his head and extended his hand toward her. Look at it. How painful it is!” 
She grabbed his wrist and tried to look at his palm. He hissed as though he was in pain. His reaction took her by surprise. 
“Adrian Miller, do you think I am stupid?” 
Her cold tone left him frozen. All the mood of being with her for a while washed away from his heart. He removed his hand from her grip and responded, 
“It’s okay. You can go to your house. I don’t need any treatment. I can take care of myself.” 
His upset tone caused Natalia to let out a sigh. She did not understand why this powerful man suddenly appeared weak. 
‘Did it really hurt him? she thought. 
The cab drove past them but paused for a moment. The driver peered his head out of the window and asked them, 
I’m going to the hospital. Young man, get inside.” 
Adrian glanced at the cut on the cab driver’s forehead and shook his head in response. 
“You can leave. I don’t want to.” 
Natalia parted his lips in surprise. When she noticed the cab driving away from them, she turned to him 
and asked, 
“Why didn’t you go with him?” 
Adrian grinned at her and replied, t 
“Because I want to go with you.” 
Natalia rolled her eyes. Adrian’s car was approaching them, as she caught a glimpse of it from behind. 
Adrian’s driver pulled over next to them and said, 
“Alpha.” 
Adrian’s driver came to follow him here after he left his car outside the coffee shop. 
Adrian opened the backdoor for Natalia. She noticed that he was holding the door with his bloodied palm. 
“You! Did not you say it was painful?” 
He shoved her into the car and lowered himself to her level. 
“Woman, why are you testing my patience? Please accompany me to the hospital. I promise to pay you back for this.” 
###Natalia shut her mouth as she did not have anything to say. She thought accompanying him to the pack hospital would not hurt her. 
Adrian came to sit next to her, and the driver started the car, heading to the pack hospital. 
The whole ride was silent. Natalia did not turn her head away from the window. 
Meanwhile, Adrian stared at her all the time. If a wound could keep her with him, he was willing to be injured every second. 
He looked down at his palm. It would have healed long ago, but he stopped his wolf from doing so. His wolf was also pleased to have the opportunity to be closer to his mate. 
The car stopped in front of the pack hospital. Natalia was the one who stepped out of the car first. She turned and saw Adrian coming out. 
They went inside the hospital. People cast glances at them. Some of them recognized them, while others did not, fortunately. 
Adrian did not care about it. All he wanted to care about was Natalia’s presence close to him. 
His mood was so fine that he did not realize he had a cheeky smile on his face. 
“Stop smiling like a fool. People are watching us,” Natalia whispered in an angry tone. 
Adrian bit his bottom lip to control his laugh. Natalia was shocked by his action. “Have you lost your mind? What is so funny about it? 
With his lip free from his teeth, he cleared his throat. “I am the head Alpha. Why would I be afraid if someone was watching me?” 
She paused, then folded her hands against her chest. “You are doing this intentionally, right? You wanted others to see us together so that Max would get to know about it.” 
As soon as he heard about Max’s name from her mouth, his eyes darkened. He tried to control his wolf, as it wanted to let out a growl. 
He reminded himself that he was not in a position where he could get this woman so easily. 
He lowered his head and kept walking until he reached the reception area. Natalia trailed behind him with a suspicious look. 
When the staff recognized him, a nurse took him to a cabin right away. 
During the time when the doctor was bandaging his hand, Natalia stood next to him. 
“Alpha, this is the first time we have seen you with a wound. Is your wolf okay? Should we call Doctor Harold for a checkup?” The doctor asked with a shaky fone. 
Adrian glared at him. “Just do what you are told.” noveldrama
The doctor immediately bowed to him and closed his mouth. 
When the doctor left the cabin, Natalia spoke out, 
“Done? Now I am leaving.” 
Adrian grabbed her wrist and pulled her back as she was about to leave. 
She gasped as the pull pressed her body against his. 
He returned to his calm demeanor as if this expression was only for her and no one else. 
“You can see, my right hand is bandaged. How will I eat dinner? I am hungry.” 
Natalia’s eyes widened as she realized this man had trapped her. 
I “Leave my hand. My boyfriend will get mad at me if he learns that I am taking care of my ex– husband.” 
Adrian chuckled at her as if hearing about Max did not bother him at all. 
He leaned down near her ears and whispered, 
“I don’t mind if you have a boyfriend. We can have a secret affair, baby.” 
###Natalia’s POV 
Adrian’s words froze me. I could not refrain myself from pushing him. 
My push caused him to move back. His eyes were full of mixed emotions. They were soft, and the dominant aura almost blended with them. It was as if he wanted to hide it from me. 
“You are an asshole.” 
I muttered as I stepped back. 
“I have never seen a shameless man like you. What do you think of me? Do I look like a woman who can cheat on her partner? It’s you, Adrian Miller. You like to do these kinds of things, not me.” 
Adrian stared at me withouting. He remained calm, as if he expected me to react this way. I could not understand why he was acting that way. 
I 
“You can never change, Adrian. Everything you say and do is fake, just like you.” I said that and walked to 
the door. 
As 1 opened the cabin door, a bandaged hand pressed against the door beside my head. 
I was stunned. Adrian leaned toward me from behind. I immediately turned around, only to find him 
closer to me. 
I took a shaky breath as I realized how close we were. His eyes were piercing into mine. He looked angry! 
I gulped and pressed my hand on his chest to shove him away. 
But my hand froze on his chest as I found the wound on his chest that I gave him in the war. 
I slowly removed my hand from his chest and tried to compose myself. 
“What are you doing?” I asked with a cold tone. 
He raised his hand and touched my chin. His eyes met mine as he lifted my chin. 
“Abuse me or push me as much as you want. But don’t call me fake. Whatever I am saying to you is not 
fake.” 
He leaned down close to my face. I could not even blink as his forehead pressed against mine. 
He kept his gaze fixed on mine as his thumb moved slowly from my chin to my bottom lip. 
“You stopped loving me after one or two years of our divorce. But me? I have been in love with you for years. It was always just you in my mind, whether it was the girl who saved me as a child or my ex–wife who left me after our divorce.” 
My heart shook at his words. The way he was speaking, it was like he was feeding me his feelings. noveldrama
Did he really feel something for me? Was the confession about love true? Even if it were true, I could never be with him again. My decision was fixed and final. 
He could never feel what I felt all these years. 
I grabbed his hand and tried to push it. 
However, he pressed both of his hands on both sides of my head and caged me between his arms. 
“If I want, I can make you come back to me forcefully. But I really want to win your heart. Give me at least one last chance to chase you.” 
D 
註 
Support 
###Adrian tilted his head and leaned close to my ear. I assumed he would whisper a warning because he had 
done so before. 
But rather than warning or saying anything, he pressed his lips against my cheek. 
I gasped when I felt that. My hand quickly moved to his shoulders, attempting to move him away. 
But he removed his hands from the wall and wrapped His arms around me to lock me in his arms. 
He pressed his body against mine as he hugged me tightly. I was unmoved in my place. My body jolted as if it desired to be touched by him. 
I 
“Leave me,” I said, trying to move him once again. 
His nose rubbed against my neck as he shook his head, 
His action hitched my breath. His touch on my neck felt blissful to my wolf. I was losing control over both my wolf and my body. 
“Adrian, wh-” 
“You know how much I hurt you. I wish I could rip my heart apart to show you what I feel for you. You are the only woman in my life. I could never touch another woman after you divorced me andnoveldrama
left my life. Everything was only in name. My heart was always yours.” 
My hands froze on his shoulder. The air seemed cold, and I found it difficult to breathe. It was not because he hugged me tight but because of the weight of his words. 
“I wish I could go back to that night when you saved me. I wish I could take you with me and never let you back to your adoptive parents. I would have never let you go away from me. Maybe our lives could have been different.” 
go 
My eyes welled up with tears as I looked at the blank wall beside the hospital bed. 
When my tears fell to his shoulders, he unwrapped his arms around me. 
He appeared stunned as he looked at her. 
“Why are you crying, baby?” He asked and cupped my cheeks. 
I moved my eyes from the wall and shifted on him. “I used to wait for all of these things years ago. But you failed to take care of my heart. Now it’s too late, Adrian.” 
His eyes widened as he shook his head. “No, baby. It’s not late. I know you love me. I will do anything for you Just don’t leave m=” 
I stopped him by grabbing his wrists and took a deep breath out. I removed his hands and wiped my eyes. 
did not want to break down in front of him. 
But I did not understand why, after all of this, I always showed him my vulnerable side, no matter how hard I tried to be cold with him. 
I looked into his eyes and saw a pain in them. Why was I even observing that? Shouldn’t I ignore it? 
“Move.” 
He shut his 
and backed away from me. I opened the door and murmured, 
“Stop wasting your time, Adrian. I don’t love you. I will never be able to love you again.” 
? 
###Adrian’s POV 
I watched her leave me alone in the cabin, I stared at the door when she closed it behind her after leaving. 
It was anger that caused my fists to tighten. I was mad at myself. 
“Why can’t I just control myself?” I roared in anger. 
She was so nice to me a while ago. Why did I even dare to touch her? I even made her cry. 
“All you can do is make her cry. You are good for nothing.” I muttered to myself as I punched on the wall 
next to me. 
“I just hate myself right now.” 
I could not control my anger as I punched the wall once again. A few nurses rushed into my room, only to find my bandaged palm bleeding again. 
When they touched my hand, I yanked my hand away. I pushed them and left the cabin. 
By the time I came out of the hospital, Natalia had already left. I looked around to see where she was. noveldrama
It was late at night, and I was concerned about her safety. 
“Don’t forget who she is.” My wolf reminded me that she was a powerful wolf. 
“I know, but she is my woman. I am still concerned about her.” 
your wife? 
My wolf sneered at me. “Where was your concern in the past when I begged you to go back to your You are the one who deserves all of this, not me. Because of you, I also have to feel remorse.” 
I felt bad for my wolf. He indeed loved his mate a lot. I wish I had heard him years ago and accepted. Natalia in my heart. 
It seemed like I loved her but never realized it. 
I made my way toward my car. My driver emerged out of the car and opened the door for me. 
“Have you noticed where she has gone?” I asked my driver. 
After he had bowed to me, he responded, 
“Alpha, she hailed a cab, then she just left.” 
wher.” 
I got inside the car and said, “Follow her.” 
My driver looked stunned. His reaction caused me to frown. “Do I pay you for your reactions? What are you thinking about? Just follow her.” 
“Y–Yes, Alpha.” 
He hurriedly got into the car and started it. He drove the car in the same direction that Natalia’s cab had 
left. 
My driver was able to catch a glimpse of the cab after driving at a faster speed. 
As soon as I saw the cab heading in the direction of her house, I felt a sense of relief. 
I instructed my driver to slow the speed of my car so that she would not notice that my car was following behind her. 
After some time had passed, the cab pulled up in front of her house. I saw her getting out of the car. 
While I was looking at her from a far distance, I lit a cigarette and puffed on it. 
She looked upset. Even though I was quite a distance away from her, I tried to look at her clearly. The swelling in her eyes and the redness in her nose were both visible to me. She might have cried in the cab during the ride. 
I took out my phone from my pocket without moving my eyes from her. 
When she entered her house, I dialed a number. As soon as the person received the call, I spoke up. 
“Find out what Max Harrison is doing out of the pack. Make him so busy that he will not come back to my pack anytime soon.” 
P 
###“Alpha, where to?” 
My driver asked me when I was busy smoking while thinking about something. 
“Pack house.” 
The driver started the car and turned it in the direction of the pack house. I wanted to go there for my 
children. 
I almost thought about going to a bar to have some drinks since my mind was messed up. But then I felt needy for my close people. I wanted to spend my time with my babies. 
They were not just my children but the traces of my love. I loved their mother very much. I had no idea if I would ever be able to get her back, but I promise that I would never show her any sign of anger. I did not want to see her upset again. That was the main fact. 
I knew only I could make her happy in her life. There is no one else who could love her as much as I did. 
If people thought of me as arrogant about this matter, then I was arrogant. But no one could want her more than Alpha Adrian did. 
As I arrived at the pack house, the first thing I did was check on my mother. After going to the bedroom of my parents, I discovered that the door was already open. It came to my attention that my father was sitting next to my mother. My mother was lying on the bed. 
My father was talking to her, trying to make her laugh realized my father loved my mother a lot. A man could do anything to put a small smile on his woman’s face. 
I did not disturb them and turned left from their room. I walked ahead and went to my children’s room. 
I pushed open the door and took a look inside. Out of all the lights in the room, only the lamp that was placed next to the bed was turned on. 
as I was about to shut the door, I noticed Aria open her eyes. I frowned and went inside. 
Just a 
“You are still awake?” I asked her. noveldrama
Noah sat up after hearing my voice. Aria moved slightly to make room for me to sit next to her. 
“Dad, we were trying to sleep. Will you sleep with us tonight?” 
I could not resist Aria’s doe eyes. In fact, I came here to spend time with them and almost forgot about 
the time. 
gave her a slight nod and then kicked off my shoes. Aria patted on the bed between her and Noah. 
“Dad, sleep here. We want to hug you.” 
I was amazed by her demand. She was cute and demanding. After all, she was my daughter. 
I 
I obeyed my little girl and got in bed. She gave me a bear hug while smiling broadly at me as I laid down. Yeah!! Dad will sleep with us today.” 
As I turned my head, I looked at Noah. “What? Are you coming or not?” I asked. 
He made a pouting face and nodded his head in agreement. 
“Come.” 
I reached out my hand to offer him mine. He hugged me like Aria. Both of them rested their heads on my 
chest. 
While I was holding my twins in my arms, I experienced a bliss that I had never experienced before. 
Noah closed his eyes and mumbled, 
“I want Mommy here, too.” 
I stared at the ceiling as something came to mind. My upset mood turned into a good one. 
“Do you want all four of us together?” I asked them. 
They sat up quickly and nodded at me. I smirked at them and rested my head on my palm before replying. 
“Then ask your mommy to join us on a trip.“) 
BIG SALE: 3500 bonus free lou you 
?
###Natalia’s POV 
“Mommy, please.” 
Aria’s pleading voice rang out of the phone. 
I rubbed my forehead and mumbled, “Baby, Mommy can’t go right now. You know Mommy has a job, right? 
I could hear Noah’s voice a short distance from the phone. 
“Mommy, we will cry if you do not go with us.” 
I bit my bottom lip. It looked like my son was really serious about it. 
My children have been trying to convince me to accompany them on a trip for the past ten minutes. I also wanted to give them my time. However, I had to go to the coffee shop. It was not possible for me to request a leave of absence for more than a single day. 
“Mommy, everything is ready. We had a conversation with dad, and he made arrangements for us to go on vacation. He arranged everything and permitted us to go with you,” Arla said with a sheepish voice. 
To persuade Adrian to allow them to go with me alone, they might try quite a few times. I felt bad for my children. I did not want to break their hearts. 
“It’s okay, Mommy. If you don’t want it, then it’s okay.” Noah said as their phone was on loudspeaker. After closing my eyes, I let out a sigh. “Baby, I’m sorry. Give me some time to see
what I can do. I will make it to you, I promise.” 
My children did not say anything and then hung up the phone. I was so frustrated that I clenched my phone tightly. 
After thinking for a while, I unlocked my phone and looked for Liana’s number. 
When I was about to dial her phone number, she called me. 
I picked up the phone right away and answered it. 
“Liana?” 
“Hey, good morning.” 
“Good morning. I 
lust getting ready to head to the shop. 
After a little silence, Liana uttered, 
“Natalia, you don’t need to come right now.” 
I was stunned. “Why?” 
“The shop will be closed for four days.” 
I was confused after hearing her. “Is everything alright? 
“Yeah. Everything is fine. The shop is under my daughter’s name, Early this morning, a few people came 
into the shop and asked me to collect the paperwork. I had to call my daughter. She plans to return in three days. We can restart the shop once she returns to the pack.” 
I paid close attention to what she said. Her daughter was abroad for many years. She did not come back to this pack for a long time. 
I felt that in that case, Liana could at least meet her daughter. It was a good thing that she could see her daughter again. 
“Don’t stress about anything. If you need anything, you can ask me,” I assured her. 
“Yeah, of course. To me, you are exactly like my daughter. I won’t hesitate.” 
After my conversation with Liana, I felt a sense of relief. I didn’t even have to request a leave, and I was given four days. 
With a bright smile on my face, I called my children. 
Aria answered the phone with a tone that indicated she was upset. 
“Hello?” 
“Baby, I will go with you two.” 
“Really?” She asked in a singing tone, expressing her joy. noveldrama
“Yeah.” 
“Okay, Mommy. We will come to pick you up at night.” 
###I told everyone in my house that I was going with my children on a trip. I was extremely happy. The fact that there was so much going on in my life made me realize that I needed to go on this trip. 
There was a lot of confusion in my mind when I left the hospital last night. I decided to ignore Adrian from now on. 
“Who will go with you three?” my father inquired. 
Having a frown on my face, I asked, 
“Dad, you think I am a kid? Of course, no one. I will accompany them alone.” 
“I believe Alpha Adrian should send one of his officials to accompany you three.” 
“What? Why?” 
Eric spoke out as he was listening to our conversation, and he replied instead of my father, 
“Because they are Alpha Adrian’s children. They must be protected at all costs. People around the packs fixed their eyes on them. There is no way that we can take a chance.” 
After giving it some thought for a while, I finally got up and shook my head. “No need. I will take care of them alone.” 
My mother let out a sigh as she knew how stubborn her daughter was. 
When my children texted me that they were on their way to my house, I got ready. 
I dressed in a long dress and put on a denim jacket on top. The temperature was quite low today. Sol thought about wearing a jacket. 
I 
Because I was not in the mood to wear high heels, I decided to put on a pair of sneakers instead. However, I did bring a few pairs of high heels with me in my luggage. 
I told my kids‘ maids a few hours ago to carefully pack their clothes and everything else they needed. 
My phone rang while I was combing my hair. I assumed it was my children, but I was wrong. 
It was Max. 
“Hello, Max?” 
“What are you doing?” 
“Have you checked my message? I am going with my kids.” 
“Yeah, I checked it. I wish I could join you three.” 
I chuckled and mumbled, 
“It’s okay. We can go another time. 
“Who is going to accompany you three?” 
“Come on. Why is everyone asking me the same question today?” 
Wed 
Max tried to make me understand. “Because we don’t want to put your lives in danger.” 
+15 BONI 
“I heard 
Adrian arranged everything for them. I bet he is sending guards along with them.” 
“Well. Have a safe journey.” 
“Thanks, Max.” 
“I will return soon. I am suddenly stuck with more work. I have to stay here for a while.” 
“That is all right.” 
After speaking with Max, I exited my room with my luggage. 
I said my goodbyes to my parents and Eric, who had gathered at the door to see me off. 
The moment I stepped out of my house, I noticed an unfamiliar car. It was not my children’s car, which they usually use. noveldrama
Aria rolled down the window and said, 
“Mommy, get into the front seat.” 
I was puzzled as to why I would sit in the front seat. Nevertheless, I dismissed the thoughts and smiled at her before turning my attention to Noah, who was sitting next to her. 
During the time that I was walking toward the car, they waved their hands at my family. 
I climbed into the front seat as Aria had told me. 
But as soon as I turned my head, I froze. 
Adrian was sitting next to me in the driver’s seat! 
He waved at me with a sly grin and said, 
“Hi, baby.” 
P 
###“YOU!!!* 
I let out a shocked tone. He chuckled as he muttered, 
“Too cute for that reaction.” 
I gave him a hard look. “What are you doing here?” 
“Going with my family on vacation. Can’t you see that? 
His sassy tone urged me to throw my hands at him. Nevertheless, I tried to calm down but failed to do that when I saw a security guard at my house placing my luggage in the trunk of the car. 
I turned to my children and asked, 
“You two. Why is your dad here?” 
“Mommy, dad is also going with us,” Aria said. 
“What? Why? You two didn’t tell me that he was also going with us.” 
Noah shot back, shaking his head, “We never said he was not going either. Mommy, we are happy that dad is also with us.” 
I could not believe Adrian had tricked me. I turned to the door and attempted to open it. 
“I am not going anywhere with him.” 
I could not open the door because it was locked. I turned my head to Adrian and said, 
“Unlock the door right now. You and I can’t go anywhere together. You can go with the kids if they really want you to go.” noveldrama
He nodded his head as if he agreed with me. I gritted my teeth, thinking he could have gone down and told me to go with the kids by myself, but he chose to go with the kids. 
But I came to the realization that I was so wrong. 
Instead of unlocking the door, he started the car. 
“What are you doing?” 
“I know you won’t listen to me. So I won’t listen to you either.” 
With a grin on his face, he glanced at the rearview mirror. The kids screamed in happiness. 
“Yes! We are going on trip four together.” 
“Yeasss!” 
Hearing my children’s cheerful voices, I bit my bottom lip. Their happy mood soothed me inside. 
For the sake of my children, I assumed I would have to go with a man. 
I leaned my back against the seat and turned my head to face the window. 
I should have thought about it when Aria told me today about leaving at night. If I had known that Adrian 
was going, I would have told them not to take me. There was no way I could even imagine spending a vacation with this man. 
“Don’t you Adrian asked the children. 
think your mom is very silent today? 
They cast a glance at me. Aria mumbled in a low tone, 
“Mommy, are you mad at us?” 
I did not turn to them or reply to anything. I wanted them to understand that I did not appreciate what they had done so that they would not do it again in the future. 
“Mommy, we are sorry.” Noah said with a persuasive tone. 
“If you want, we will not eat ice cream for a few days. Please don’t get mad at us. Pretty please?” Aria said with a cute tone. 
I let out a sigh and turned my head to look at them in the back seat. 
“You don’t have to abandon eating ice cream. Mommy is not angry. But inform me before planning something like this next time.” 
As if Adrian did not seem pleased with my response, he spoke out. 
“Your mommy is lying. She is still mad. She doesn’t look happy to me.” 
-I gave him a stern look, as his handsome side profile was in front of my eyes. 
“So, what do you want me to do? Singing and dancing in happiness that I am going with Alpha Adrian on a trip?” 
He laughed as he glanced at me and replied, 
“I would love to see that, baby.” 
D 
###I tightened my fists. “Why are you calling me that? How dare you?” 
“Calm down, woman. Do you want your kids to see your angry face?” 
I glanced at my children, who were staring at us with innocent eyes. 
“Dad calls mommy baby’. She is his baby,” Aria said to Noah and laughed. 
I turned my head back with anger and let out a deep breath. 
“Shut up, Adrian. Let’s not talk to each other.” 
The entire ride was silent. 
After an hour passed, I still did not know where we were going. I had only heard that we were going somewhere where we could spend three days cheerfully. 
“Where are we going?” I asked Adrian. 
He did not reply to me. I frowned and looked at him with confusion. noveldrama
“Are you deaf? Why are you not replying to me?” 
While driving the car, Adrian made small tapping motions with his fingers on the steering wheel. His long and slender fingers were wrapping around the wheel loosely. She forced her gaze to move away from it. 
She cleared her throat and inquired, 
“I asked where we were going.” 
“Weren’t you the one who told me that we should not talk?” he asked. 
I bit my tongue, realizing that I went against my own words. 
“It’s your fault. You didn’t tell me about the location. I have a right to know.” 
Aria and Noah burst into laughter. I looked at them and asked, 
“What?” 
“Mommy is scolding dad. We never saw dad get scolded before.” Aria laughed again. 
Noah shushed Aria when he noticed Adrian glancing in the rearview mirror. 
“It’s okay. Your dad enjoys hearing your mommy’s scolding. She can scold me as much as she 
I scowled as I fixed him at my gaze. He did not look at me but chuckled. 
My children joined them in laughing. 
I parted my lips in shock. Three of them were teasing me. 
I turned away from them and focused my eyes outside the window. 
After another hour of riding, I noticed the car pass the Dalle River. 
wants 
When we crossed the river, there were a lot of tourists roaming around town. It was a destination for 
tourists. 
Adrian pulled his car over in front of a hotel, 
I was surprised to see Adrian’s guards waiting for us outside the hotel, standing next to three cars. 
I realized he did not want to take any risks with his children, even though he was also accompanying them. It also gave me relief that he took care of them really well. 
I got out of the car and looked around the place. My children got out and hugged my legs. 
“Wow, mommy. The place is so beautiful!” 
“Yeah.” 
I could see the decorations all around the hotel. It was an expensive hotel for tourists but not for the head Alpha of this pack. 
Adrian stepped down and walked into the hotel. I trailed behind him, holding my two children’s hands. 
The manager rushed to him when he saw him and directed his hand to an elevator. 
We followed the manager and went to the top floor. He opened the door of a room. 
“He is your suite, Alpha.” 
I looked around and saw a dining room, a kitchen, and two doors in different locations. I assumed those were our bedrooms. 
Adrian glanced at me, then turned to the manager and asked, 
“Can we have an extra room?” 
I wondered why he said that. That suite was big enough. 
“No, Alpha. It’s a seasonal time. So…” 
“It’s okay. My pack members‘ happiness is my happiness. Let them enjoy their family time.” 
I frowned as I doubted his words. 
“When did he become so warm–hearted? I thought in disbelief. 
Once the waiters arrived to deliver my luggage, the manager bowed to him and left. I was curious about where my children’s luggage was 
Adrian closed the door and said, 
“Let’s go to our rooms.” 
I grabbed the luggage and was about to walk to the room where Aria and Noah were going when a voice stopped me. 
“Well, you can’t stay with them.” 
I turned around and frowned at him. 
“What did you say? Why can’t I?” 
Amanda’s voice came from the room my children had chosen. 
20 
She stepped out of the room and bowed to Adrian. 
“Alpha, I was inside, arranging the kids‘ clothes. I apologize for not being able to welcome you all. I could not hear your voice from the inside. Oh, Luna is also here!” 
Amanda looked at me with a bright smile, 
I smiled at her back with a nod of my head. I was surprised to see her here as well. I learned from the old maid that Adrian had assigned Amanda to care for the children. That could be the reason she was here. 
However, something hit my mind as I turned around to look at Adrian. 
“There are just two bedrooms, and…” 
He rubbed the back of his neck and muttered, 
“And there are no other rooms available in this hotel, so I guess…. we two will have to share a bedroom. 
for now.” 
D 
###I looked at him with a shocked expression on my face. How could he say that? How would I stay with him in the same room? How would it be possible? 
“Have you lost your mind?” I muttered under my breath, noveldrama
“Is there any problem?” Amanda asked with a nervous tone. 
To my surprise, Adrian came up to me and whispered, 
“This woman had never asked for a vacation in so many years. She is our children’s maid now. Will you break her heart by sending her back to my house?” 
“But-” 
“Try to understand. She will sleep with them and be with them all the time.” 
I gave him a glare. It was his fault. Why did he call her here? He could make arrangements for her to spend her best vacation with her family rather than with us, and she could take care of them in the pack 
house. 
I doubted that he did everything intentionally. 
I proceeded to walk to the door after saying, “I am not going to stay in this suit.” 
“There is no other hotel in this area. You have to go very far and then you can get some resorts. If you stay there, you will have a difficult time catching up with us.” 
I clenched my jaw in rage. “Then why didn’t you book one of those resorts instead of this hotel?” 
hey are not safe for my children. That’s why I chose this hotel,” Adrian replied with a calm tone. 
I felt like slapping myself. Why did I even agree to come in the first place? No matter what happened, I should have known that I could never have faith in this man. 
“Luna, if you have problems with rooms, then I can leave,” Amanda spoke out. 
I turned around and looked at her. She was a very caring person. When I did not have anyone by my side, she was always there for me at Adrian’s house. So, looking at her upset and concerned expression made 
me feel terrible. 
Tam n 
not your Luna. Please call me Natalia,” I told her with a soft tone. 
“What is the point of forcing someone? She can call whatever she wan-* 
I looked at Adrian, and he paused speaking. He rolled his eyes and murmured, 
“Do whatever you want.” 
He started walking towards the door of the other room and said, 
“I am guessing you came here for yourself, not for Aria and Noah. You can not even spend a few nights in a room for their happiness.” 
He opened the door and said, “Look, there is a big couch too. We can adjust. But again, it’s your choice. I can compromise because I love my kids more than myself.” 
After giving me a long lecture, he entered the room and closed the door. 
Amanda approached me and took both of my hands in hers. 
“My dear, you can sleep with your kids. I can leave. I should not disturb you four on your vacation.” 
I shook my head as I considered Adrian’s words. 
“It’s okay. Let me see what I can do. You can stay with them.” 
She 
said nothing else and simply nodded at me. I noticed her heading to my children’s room. I walked over to grab my luggage and looked at the door, where Adrian had just entered. 
I bit my lower lip with a confused mind. After waiting for some time, I finally arrived at the conclusion, and then I went to the door and opened it. 
I saw Adrian arranging his clothes in a closet. 
“Oh, you have finally reached a decision? That is good. You chose the right thing,” he spoke out without even looking at me. 
Instead of paying attention to him, I looked around the bedroom. My eyes fell on the couch, and I said, 
“Adrian Miller, you are going to sleep on the couch.” 
P 
###Adrian frowned at me as he approached in my direction 
“What did you just say?” he asked me, standing in front of me. 
“Are you deaf? I said you would sleep on the couch.” 
He scoffed at me. It caused me to glare at him. “Weren’t you the one who said this room has a couch, and you could adjust?” 
He cocked his head to the side and lowered himself to my level. “So? I didn’t say I would sleep on the couch.” 
I folded my hands against my chest. “So you don’t want me to sleep on the couch?” 
“Can’t you see the king–size bed? They arranged the bed only for me but I have no problem sharing it with you. When I said we have to share a bedroom, I guess you didn’t hear the bed.” 
I parted my lips in shock. This man and his sassy responses were on the verge of killing me on the inside. 
I tightened my fists and turned to the door. “Fine. You don’t want to sleep on the couch? I am leaving then. 
He grabbed my hand and turned me around. I gasped when he closed the door and pressed me against it. 
“Stop blackmailing me, baby. You know I can’t let you go,” he muttered as his warm breath touched my face. 
I became as still as a stone. A sneering laugh came out of his mouth as he looked at my face. 
“This look suits you better than your angry look. But since it’s you, I like everything about you.” 
When he placed two of his hands next to my head, I was brought back to my senses after being distracted. 
“It is not even an hour yet, and you have already begun to show your true colors?” I asked him angrily. noveldrama
“Yes,” he replied, nodding his head. 
“What the hell! Move away from me.” 
From beneath his arms, I quickly stepped aside and flew away from him in a hurry. He lowered his head as I rushed to the other side. 
Sneering at him, I said, “You can never cage me.” 
He gave me a smirk. “I swear I can. But right now, I am not in the mood. It’s time for dinner. My children. are hungry, as well as my baby.” 
y man.” 
I pointed my finger at him with a furious look. “Stop calling me that. I am not your baby, you crazy 
He grinned at me like a fool. “Crazy man? Did you give me a lovely nickname? I like it. How sweet of you, baby.” 
My eyes widened in response to his words. “How shameless you are, Adrian Miller!” 
“Very shameless.” 
“Shut up.” 
“Oh, I can’t believe how I will pass the three days. Even your scoldings are so sweet, just like…” 
He took a pause before walking toward me. He whispered loudly into my ears as he leaned in close. 
“You.” 
I blinked my eyes and pushed him. “Stay away.” 
“Or what are you going to do? I haven’t even done anything yet.” 
“I know, what you want. I am no longer interested in continuing to be on this vacation. I am going to leave. I will spend time with them later.” 
After uttering these words, I proceeded to the door. To my surprise, Adrian spoke up just as I was about to open the door. 
“Calm down. I was only teasing you. I will sleep on the couch, only for you.” 
###get it 
I turned around and saw Adrian pulling out his clothes from the closet and making his way to the bathroom. I heaved a sigh and then went to the closet to place my clothes inside. 
After a while, the door to the bathroom opened. I turned around and saw Adrian in casual clothes. 
He was wearing gray sweatpants and a black t–shirt. I realized I was seeing him in casual clothes after a very long time. 
While he was using a towel to dry his wet hair, he made his way to the dressing table. He looked at himself in the mirror while wiping his hair. 
I was curious about when he started to give so much attention to his looks. I had never before witnessed him paying such close attention to the mirror. In the past, he was a workaholic who never stopped burying himself in his work. Perhaps she did not know much about him because he did not return home very often. “Am I so handsome that you can not tear your gaze away from me?” 
I looked away when I heard his arrogant words. I could not help but mock him. 
“Oh, come on. My boyfriend is far more handsome than your ugly face.” 
His hands froze on the towel. He turned his head in my direction and inquired, 
“Your boyfriend is more handsome than me? Nice joke. 
He gave a slight roll of his eyes and then started to wipe his hair once more. I laughed because of his. overconfidence. 
Adrian was a really handsome man, and that was why women were after him. However, a man’s heart was what made him a good person; his handsome facial features were not enough to redeem him. He had a black heart, which I loathed the most. 
“I don’t know about other women, but for me, my boyfriend is my prince.” 
I had a feeling that it would bring down his haughtiness. That was why I said that to him. 
When Adrian returned his gaze at me with a poker face, I tumed around and went to the bathroom, 
clutching a dress and a towel. I walked to the bathroom while smirking. 
I changed into a long night dress after washing up. I walked out of the bathroom only to find an empty 
room. 
When I took a quick look at the clock, I noticed that it was already getting late for dinner. 
I could hear some sounds coming from the outside. As if someone were shattering a plate of glasses, it was terrifying. 
Fearing that something had happened to my children, hurriedly went outside to check on them. 
However, when I opened the door, I saw my children and Adrian sitting at the table. What caught my attention was what they were doing. 
Three of them made noises by tapping the spoons on their plates. 
Aria and Noah were chanting like a song. 
“Mommy, we are hungry.” 
“What happened?” I asked, walking towards them. noveldrama
Adrian stopped tapping the spoon on the plate like a good boy and gave me a sheepish smile. 
“Nothing. They were just waiting for you,” he replied. 
I stared at him with surprise. It was as if Adrian turned into a child with his children. 
But then he winked at me and said, 
“Daddy was also waiting for you, baby. Come, join us for dinner.” 
###I was about to scold Adrian but prevented myself when I saw Amanda walking out of the kitchen with 
dishes. 
A smile appeared on her face as she set the table. I glanced over at her and smiled briefly before taking a seat next to Noah, two seats away from Adrian. 
“Mommy, sit with dad.” 
I was confused. Did Adrian teach them to say these things? They were showing a lot of support for their father around these days. 
I shook my head and got up from the chair I was sitting in. I walked over to the chair next to Adrian and sat down beside him. 
When I saw my children smiling, it helped me to relax 
‘I should not forget that I came here for them,‘ I reminded myself. 
After Amanda had served us, we started eating. I turned my attention to Amana and said, 
“Come sit down with us at the table.” 
The moment she heard that, her eyes widened, and she immediately shook her head. “No, I can’t. How can I sit at the same table with Alpha?” 
I could tell that she had a great deal of respect for Adrian. Because Adrian was the leader of the pack,” there was also a law that we had to follow. 
I turned to Adrian. He had just put a spoonful of food in his mouth when he noticed my gaze and paused. 
“Tell her to sit with us.” 
He was in that state for a few seconds, then pulled the empty spoon out of his mouth. He looked at Amanda, who was bowing to him. 
He cast a glance at me. I signaled him to say that. 
He uttered before clearing his throat, 
“You are welcome to join us for dinner tonight. Take a seat, Amanda.” 
Amanda’s eyes widened as she raised her head to look at Adrian, 
Her eyes turned blurry, as if she got emotional. With a grin on my face, I said, 
“It is just fine, Amanda. You are just like his mother. You have looked after him since he was a child.” 
Taking her time, she carefully retrieved a chair and sat down next to Noah. 
Aria and Noah grinned as if it were the best dinner for them. 
“We are so happy. Mommy and Dad are both here with us. This is not the same as the previous dinner. It’s a good time,” Arla mumbled to Noah. 
I overheard them and understood they were talking about Max. But before I could say anything, Adrian. said to them, 
+IS BONUS 
“Don’t worry, your dad will make your dinner full of happiness like this.” 
I kissed my children on the cheeks and bid them goodnight after we had finished eating dinner together. They went to their room with Amanda to sleep while I went to my and Adrian’s room. 
I walked to the bed while eyeing the empty couch. Adrian had not come to the room yet since he was talking on the phone outside. 
Before sitting down on the bed with my back against the headboard, I made sure that all of the lights were turned off. I then grabbed my phone. 
I was nervous about how I would talk to Max about staying with Adrian. I had no intention of deceiving him in any way, I tried to call Max, but he did not pick up the phone, so I laid down on the bed to sleep. 
After some time, the door slightly opened, and Adrian entered the room. He thought I was sleeping so he did not make any noise. 
As he approached the bed on the opposite side, he grabbed a pillow and then proceeded to the couch in order to sleep. 
At that time, my phone began to ring. 
reached for my phone on the nightstand and saw that it was Max on the other end. 
Taking a quick glance at the couch where Adrian had gone to sleep, I picked up the phone and answered, noveldrama
1. it. 
“Max.” 
Support 
###“Did you get there safely?” Max questioned me as soon as I spoke. 
I smiled while staring at the celling. Due to the moonlight that was coming in through the window, I was able to see the ceiling. 
“Yes, I arrived here safely. What are you doing?” 
“Nothing much. I don’t know how everything suddenly messed up.” 
I frowned when I heard him. “Why?” 
“I told you that there was some work that came up. Alpha told me to accompany him in another pack. Now I have to depart from my pack and go to another pack.” 
“Why so suddenly?” I asked in confusion. 
“I have no idea, Natalia. The other pack’s Alpha called me to meet with him. Maybe he has some health 
issues.” 
I could tell he was tired. I remained silent for a while. 
“Are you still on the phone, or did you fall asleep?” 
“I am listening.” 
As I mumbled that, I noticed Adrian getting up from the couch. 
He walked toward the door, opened it, and then exited the room with the door slammed shut. 
I flinched at the loud sound. Since the room was silent. Max also heard it. 
“Are you okay? What’s that sound?” 
I stared at the door and murmured, noveldrama
“Adrian closed the door.” 
“Adrian? What is he doing there?” 
I realized what I had just said. I bit my bottom lip, thinking about how I would tell him about it. 
“He joined us,” I replied in a low tone. 
“What are you saying, Natalia? Why is he there? If he did something to you, then-” 
“Just relax, Max. He can’t do anything to me. I am strong enough to beat him.” 
Max took a brief pause. I sighed as I realized that I could not tell him that I was sharing a room with Adrian 
Max would get upset and ask me to leave right away, which I did not want. I came here to give my children my time. I did not want to go back right now. 
“What was he doing in your room?” he questioned me with a calm tone. 
“He must have forgotten something, as he took it and left. Don’t worry, I will take care of myself.” 
As I talked to Max for a while, I noticed Adrian returned to the room. 
As soon as he noticed that I was still talking on my phone, he approached me at that moment. 
“I will try to get back to the Crystal Blood Pack as soon as possible,” Max told me. 
“Yeah, Max. Come back saf-” 
Adrian snatched my phone and cut the call. 
His actions left me in a state of shock. 
“What’s wrong with you?” I said this as I was about to sit up on the bed. 
But he pressed his hand on my mouth and leaned down to look into my eyes. 
“It’s late at night. Stop talking on the phone and let me sleep peacefully. You are here to spend your time with your children, not with your boyfriend.” 
I tried to move him, but he just leaned closer to my ear and whispered, 
“Just sleep, okay? I can’t see you talking with another man.” 
###I pushed Adrian’s hand away from my lips. I tried to sit up but got hurt when my forehead bumped into his. 
“Ugh!” 
He immediately moved back, and I sat up. 
He sat beside me on the edge of the bed and rubbed my forehead. “Oh, oh, I’m so sorry. I didn’t know you would get hurt.” 
I glared at him under the slight light of the moonlight. could not see his expression. 
I pushed his hand. “Go away.” 
‘Let me see.” 
“Don’t touch me. Keep your distance from me.” 
“I was jus-” 
*No, go back to your couch.” 
“But- 
“Now.” 
I pointed him to the couch. He heaved a sigh and then returned to his couch. 
I lay on the bed and muttered, 
*This man came here just to disturb me, huh!” 
I said it loudly so he would hear me. I then sent a message to Max that I was getting sleepy. He told me to sleep well. 
The following morning, the hotel organized a tour package for us because it had been pre–arranged with the hotel reservation. Amanda remained inside the hotel while the four of us went outside. She said she 
felt a little sick and wanted to stay. 
I did not force her because it was a matter of health. 
very 
Our destination was a flower garden where every kind of flower was there. Aria and Noah were ve delighted. They took a lot of pictures with me and Adrian. 
When I saw Adrian carrying Aria on his neck, I laughed and walked ahead, with Noah holding my hand. 
Adrian seemed to know how to look after children. I never imagined he could be so good when it came to kids. 
After we had finished our tour of the expansive garden, we noticed that there were a few old women. selling roses outside of the garden. 
“Buy a rose for the love of your life. Rose is the symbol of love,” they said to the tourists, 
Adrian set Aria down and came to a stop next to a woman. 
“Give me one of the most fresh ones.” 
She gazed at him with a gleaming expression on her face. Her eyes met mine as she smiled. The children caught her attention, and she nodded her head. 
“I can tell that you are having a wonderful time with your wife and your children.” 
I was taken aback. I knew it looked like we were a couple, but that was not the case. 
“No, we are no-” 
“You are right. I love my wife a lot. Give me a rose that can express my feelings to her in a better way.” 
I was stunned. My children beamed as if they had won a lottery. 
“Yesss! Dad just confessed to Mommy.” 
I looked at them with wide eyes. Where did they learn these things? 
“Aria, Noah, keep quiet,” I said to them. 
They lowered their heads and whispered something to each other. I wondered what was going through their heads. noveldrama
As soon as I turned my head, I saw a beautiful and fresh rose. Adrian was holding it right in front of me. 
“This is for you.” 
I glared at him, not caring about what others might think of my behavior. 
The old woman chuckled and said, 
“I see. Your wife is mad at you, which is why you take her on a vacation. I hope you can break her anger 
soon.” 
###Third POV 
“Accept it.” 
“Accept it.” 
“Accept it.” 
“Mommy, please accept the rose. 
“Yes, Mommy.” 
As couples around them gathered and cheered for accepting the rose, Aria and Noah also requested their mother. 
Natalia looked around her and felt that she would have to accept the rose from Adrian even if she did not want to. Otherwise, it would create a scene. 
She wanted to leave the place as soon as possible because now people were paying attention to them. If someone recognized Adrian, she believed that they would post it on social media, and everything would spread like wildfire as new rumors, which was something that she did not want at all. 
She turned her gaze to Adrian, who was looking at her with a pair of eyes that were filled with hope. 
She looked away from him and quickly snatched the rose from his hand. 
Everyone clapped their hands together in unison after seeing that. Adrian smiled at Natalia and thanked the old woman. 
The old woman glanced over at Natalia and gave him a slight nod of her head. 
“Your husband looks mature to me, but this young man is deeply in love with you. I can see that in his eyes. You have my blessings with you, my child.” 
Natalia averted her gaze without saying anything. She looked at her children and said, 
“Let’s go, kids. We should head back to the hotel right now.” 
Aria and Noah were happy and did not disagree. Noah grabbed her hand and replied, 
“Let’s go, Mommy.” 
Adrian took Aria’s hand, and the four of them resumed walking 
The whole way back to the hotel, Natalia did not talk to anyone. All the while, Adrian kept glancing at her. What caused his mood to lighten up was that she did not throw his flower today. 
He believed that he was beginning to slowly melt her heart. 
It was the time of midnight, noveldrama
Everyone was sleeping in their rooms. Natalia woke up because she felt thirsty. The next thing she did. was go to the kitchen and get a glass of water. 
When she returned to her bedroom, she noticed Adrian trying to move his body left and right. But the couch was not as big as his height. His legs were bent as he slept on it. 
She walked toward him as she was observing him. She came to a halt in front of the couch. With great attention, she looked at Adrian. The moonlight was coming through the window, falling directly
on him. She noticed the blanket fell on the floor from his body. He was really having trouble sleeping on the couch. She did not know why she wanted to do that, but she kneeled down and grasped the blanket. She covered his body with it. 
She noticed a frown between his brown eyes. She recalled how she used to look at him in the past whenever he fell asleep. She used to think her husband was the most handsome man in the world. So, looking at him was a blissful thing for her. 
She let out a sigh as she realized how quickly time passed and how fate had altered her and her life. This man was not hers, and she did not even want to be with him in her life ever again. 
She stood up and turned around to go back to bed. 
However, a hand grabbed her wrist, stopping her. 
She paused and immediately turned to look at the hand that was holding her wrist. 
She looked at Adrian and saw that his eyes were opened. 
“You were awake?” 
Without replying to her, Adrian pulled her hand, and she immediately fell on him. 
###In the moment that Natalia’s body landed on Adrian, he turned his gaze to Natalia. Her face hid on his neck as if she were still shocked by the pull, and she did not move at all. He could feel the warmth of her body. He sensed something when her breasts were pressed up against him. 
He tilted his head and whispered in her ear, 
“Are you seducing me, baby?” 
Natalia came back to her senses when she heard him. His deep voice, as well as the way her body felt against him, caused goosebumps to appear all over her body. 
She placed her hands on his chest and moved up to look at him. She had an angry face as she asked, 
“How dare you say that?” 
His eyes moved slowly downward until they stopped on her chest. When Natalia lowered her head, she realized that her cleavage was exposed. Almost half of her breasts were visible in front of him since the night dress moved with the pull. 
“Pervert!” 
She tried to get away from his body, but a pair of hands wrapped around her waist prevented her from moving. 
“Pervert? Me? You did not wear anything inside while attempting to seduce me, and you are calling me a pervert. That’s so unfair, baby.” 
His sassy and seductive tone took her off guard. She tried to move away from him, but he shifted his hand on her upper back and pulled her closer. 
Her nose brushed against hers, which caught her breath. She blinked her eyes while looking at him. 
“I will kill you if you don’t leave me right now, Adrian.” noveldrama
“I want to die in your hands. Will it make you happy?” He asked, moving his hand to cup her cheek. 
Natalia glared at him, wondering if he could see her furious expression. 
Adrian did not mind her mad look. Instead, he stared at her. The allure of her beauty captivated him. He had a wish to hold this woman in his arms once again. Tonight, he was holding her. He did not want to let her go anymore. 
‘Leave m- 
Adrian interrupted her by turning their bodies on the couch. He pinned her down on the couch and looked at her. 
Tell me, how can I make you believe that I love you? Why do you misunderstand my every approach, huh? 
His soft yet seductive tone froze Natalia. He did not let her feel the weight of his body since he put all of his pressure on his knees. 
While holding her waist with one hand and cupping her cheek with another, he moved close to her. 
“I have no bad intentions towards you. I only want my woman, my wife, and my mate back. Is it wrong to want that? Why am I not allowed to fix everything I have done in the past? Why can’t you just forgive me 
for once?” 
Natalia was stunned by his words. She looked away from him and said, 
“You already know I have a boyfriend. Stop getting so close to m–mmmnnn.” 
Adrian did not wait for her to finish speaking before he leaned in close and pressed his lips against hers. 
###As soon as Natalia felt his lips on hers, her eyes widened. He moved his lips slowly over hers as he kissed her. His lips captured her bottom lip and sucked, 
Adrian was mesmerized by her soft lips and the sweet scent emanating from her body. Instead of giving her a hard kiss, he gave her a soft, delicate kiss. His hands rose up her body from her waist to her face. 
He cupped her cheeks with both of his hands and kissed her deeply. 
It was what he had been missing all the time. He could kiss her for the entire night. She was his woman, He wanted to keep her safe in his arms. He did not mind how much she remained angry with him; he believed he deserved her anger. 
However, he wanted to express his madness toward her, He loved her passionately, and he wanted to express it through his kisses. 
He licked her soft lips, flipped his tongue, and tried to push it into her mouth. He was longing for the taste of her mouth. He missed the way he made the woman breathless with his kisses. 
As his tongue was about to enter her mouth, he felt a sharp pain in his mouth. He felt blood in his mouth. 
He hissed as he broke the kiss and looked at Natalia. noveldrama
She looked at him with cold eyes. She had just bit his tongue when she realized he had nearly caused her to lose control of her wolf with the kiss. 
As soon as Adrian saw the icy look in her eyes, he felt a pang in his heart. To put a stop to the bleeding. he sucked his tongue. 
“You actually planned all of these to sleep with me, didn’t you?” she asked with a tone that was cold and icy. 
Her words caused his heart to tremble. It caused his eyes to cloud over rather than shine brightly. 
“You think I wanted to sleep with you?” he asked. 
She pushed him really hard. The force of her push caused him to freeze. After moving back, he sat up on 
the couch. 
Natalia hurriedly got up from the couch and stood up. 
“I just want to slap you right now. How dare you kiss me?” she asked with a furious tone, pulling her dress up to her chest and fixing it. 
Adrian looked at her. He was able to observe her fade becoming more ferocious, as if she intended to kill him at this very moment. 
His thoughts of how much this woman repulsed him caused him to feel pain. 
Such a shamel 
He could not make his woman feel good for a moment. 
He lowered his head and mumbled something under his breath. 
“I am sorry, I was just lost…” 
12 
“Lost in what? Lust? You only know one thing, and that is how to end up in bed. I can’t expect anything else from you. You know I am happy with my relationship, then why are you after me to ruin my happy life?” 
He shook his head as he met her gaze. He did not speak but only stared at her angry face. 
She pointed her finger at him and mumbled furiously. 
“Because of you, I am feeling guilty right now. I just cheated on my boyfriend and let another man kiss me. I just hate you more now.” 
Adrian stood up, and she took a step back. She was surprised when he grabbed her hand and pulled her closer to him. 
“Your relationship with another man is not valid to me, 
###She pushed his chest, which caused him to move backward. He came dangerously close to falling onto the couch, but he managed to keep his balance. 
“Not valid? Do you think I need to give you any validation? Who are you to me? Are you my husband? No, Adrian Miller. You are no longer anyone to me. Keep it in your mind as soon as possible.” noveldrama
Adrian bit his tongue in anger. His tongue’s blood, which had previously stopped, began to rush out again. 
“There is no reason for you to feel guilty if you are thinking that you are cheating on someone. Your destiny has chosen you to be with me. So if you are cheating on someone, then it is on me. I am your mate. So before you even consider any other man in your life, you need to give some thought to me. There is no other relationship in this world that can compare to the validity of this mate bond.” 
With a glare in his direction, Natalia took a step forward. 
“What did you just say? I am cheating on you and the mate bond? Then what were you doing with Mila all these years?” 4 
“I didn’t know you were my mate.” 
“And what about the two years of marriage?” 
“I mistook you for a wicked person. It was my fault, and I want to make everything right. But you are not giving it to me.” 
She snorted in response to his statements. “Make everything right? How? By giving me a kiss? Do you think a kiss and a few nights in bed will make me forget all the years I have suffered for you? You must be kidding, Adrian Miller.” 
Adrian clenched his jaw. He was mad at himself. He wanted to be with Natalia. But every time he tried to get closer to her, she reminded him of his sins from the past. 
He took a deep breath before lowering his head. “You were the one who said to love someone daringly.” “I did not expect you to apply all of this to me like a scripted drama. I am not a fool, Adrian. A man can never force himself on the woman he loves. Then it was not love but only lust.” 
He shut his eyes in pain in his chest. Her every word caused it to hurt inside. 
“I really love you, Natalia. I lost you once. I don’t want to let you go this time. I had no intention of having sex with you by trapping you here; all I wanted was to see you sleeping, stare at your beautiful face, and watch you every day.” 
He opened his eyes and lifted his head to meet her emotionless eyes. 
“I just wanted to experience the married life I had missed all these years. I wanted to be with the woman! love and my children all together. I am sorry if I hurt you by planning this. But I don’t want you to leave my life again.” 
###Natalia rubbed her forehead as she made her way to the door. noveldrama
“I can’t sleep here anymore. My ears can’t take your nonsense. All I can say is I hate your touch and your kiss. That’s disgusting!” 
In response to her words, which struck him like arrows in the chest, Adrian clenched his fist. He walked forward and reached the door before her. 
She paused when he opened the door before her. He turned his head to look at her and said, 
“You can sleep in this room peacefully. I won’t disturb you again.” 
Saying that, he turned to the door. As he stepped out of the room, something came to his mind, so he turned to look at her once again. 
She was looking at her indifferently. 
“Please accept my apologies if the kiss was offensive to you.” 
With her arms crossed over her chest, Natalia uttered, 
“All these dramas of yours–when will you stop all of this? A man who loves someone knows how to control himself. You will never learn that. Do you know why? Because you have never loved me. For some reason, you have made up your mind to go after the girl who rescued you. First Lynda, and now me. The quality of patience is something that is extremely valuable in a person’s life. Utilize it on another girl when you are in love with someone else.” 
As he nodded his head in her direction, Adrian took a deep breath and swallowed it. 
“I promise you, I will never touch you again without your consent.” 
She rubbed her lips with the back of her hand and muttered, 
“This kiss was disgusting. Don’t try to do that again if you want to stay alive.” 
She slammed the door in his face after she had finished saying whatever came to her mind at the time to humiliate him. 
Adrian turned around and lea 
He did not show her how upset he was It was not until she shut the door that The pain became apparent on his face. He was experiencing excruciating pain in his heart 
It was not his ego that was hurt, but rather his heart that was burned by the way she looked disgusted by his touch and kiss 
“What can I do to make you understand that I regret not loving you back during those two years? How can I make you love me again?” He muttered under his breath. 
He did not lose his patience despite the fact that she had the ability to hurt him with her harsh words and her cold behavior toward him. He thought maybe he should have not kissed her like that. He scolded himself for kissing her without her permission. 
When he realized that Natalia had experienced the same feelings in the past when he had behaved rudely with her, he let out a sigh of defeat. 
He proceeded to the balcony and stood near the railings. He looked at the bright moon that was about to disappear behind the cloud. 
Fate is unpredictable. Can it ever bring my mate and my lost love back to me?” 
###Natalia woke up late today. It was because she did not get enough sleep last night. She was mad at herself for approaching Adrian in the first place. She prayed that the day would pass quickly so that she could return home 
tomorrow. 
Amanda knocked on the door when Natalia had just come out of the bathroom after taking a shower. 
She opened the door and looked at Amanda. 
Amanda was carrying a tray of food. 
“You skipped breakfast. As it is already noon, I came with brunch.” noveldrama
Natalia glanced at the tray as she observed the dishes. She stepped aside to allow Amanda to enter. 
As Amanda made her way to the bed to place the tray, Natalia asked her, 
“What are Aria and Noah doing?” 
After placing the tray on the bed, Amanda turned to her and responded, 
“They are playing inside their rooms. Alpha called me to take the children into a kids zone. In fact, he sent his guards as well.” 
Natalia raised a brow. “Why can’t I go with them?” 
Amanda chuckled as she replied, 
“Of course, you can.” 
Suddenly, she frowned as a question crossed her mind. 
“Did you talk to him? Where is he?” 
Amanda looked at Natalia carefully, trying to understand her feelings for her Alpha. 
“Luna, you still care for Alpha, don’t you?” 
Natalia’s brows lifted as she looked away and said, 
“No, I wasn’t asking for that. I was just asking for protection.” 
+IS BONUS 
Amanda lowered her head. “He left the hotel early in the morning. When I woke up, I saw him standing on the balcony, smoking. Many cigarette buds on the floor came to my attention, and I understood that he did not sleep last night.” 
Natalia was stunned. ‘Did he spend the entire night on the balcony?‘ she 
wondered. 
“That is not what I should be concerned about, Amanda,” Natalia responded, realizing what she was thinking. 
“Before leaving, Alpha instructed me not to disturb you or disrupt your sleep, so I did not knock on the door early in the morning. Please now eat something.” 
Natalia thought for a second, then said, “Amanda, I will go with all of you.” 
“Are you sure?” Amanda asked her carefully. 
“Yeah. I came here to spend time with my children rather than staying in a hotel and sleeping.” 
Amanda nodded her head in agreement. Natalia finished her meals quickly and changed into a dress to spend the entire day with her children. 
The day went really well. Natalia was overjoyed and felt as if she had returned to her previous life in the Blue Blood Pack. There, she used to go out with her children, and no one was there to recognize her. She could spend as much time with them as they wanted, and there was no one to interrupt or separate 
them from her. 
She wished to get back to her old life. 
She attempted to contact Max, but his phone was turned off, indicating that he was in flight to a pack far away from his own. 
Natalia returned to the hotel with her children and Amanda at night after dinner. 
When she entered the bedroom, she noticed Adrian had not yet returned to the 
hotel. 
She ignored it and changed into her nightgown. She scolded herself for packing nightgowns instead of long pajamas. It was not her fault. She thought it would be just her and her kids. Little did she know, Adrian would be here with them and was going to share the same bedroom with her. 
After changing her clothes, she went to bed. She tried but was unable to sleep. 
She opened her eyes when she heard the sound of thunder outside. She noticed the black clouds in the sky as she turned to look out the window. 
She sat up and got out of bed. To check on her kids, she got out of her room. They were sleeping on the bed while Amanda was sleeping on the couch. 
‘I could have slept with them in bed. Why did Amanda say she would share the bed with the kids?‘ she thought. 
She slowly shut the door and walked to the balcony. Soon, it was going to start pouring. She closed her eyes to feel the wind but frowned when she felt something. 
Her lips trembled as she felt pain in her lower abdomen. Strange sensations started to arise inside her, causing her eyes to become cloudy. 
 ? 
“I am in heat!” 
###Natalia was Insing her mind with every passing second. She could not understand what to do. She did not bring the cure for the heat with her. Despite 
the fact that she was standing on the balcony and in the midst of a chilly breeze, she started to experience a sensation of heat, and her body began to 
sweat 
“Ahh!” 
She let out a low moan as she tried to close her legs tightly. Her entire body and her wolf only desired to mate with an alpha wolf. 
The lust that she felt within her began to intensify. As soon as she felt a few drops of rain falling on her, she promptly retreated a few steps. As she raised her head, she noticed that the rain began to pour. 
She decided to go back to her room. The sensation of her lower abdomen caused her eyes to well up with tears. 
When she felt the pain, she clenched her dress tightly around her belly and closed her eyes. 
She shook her head as rain fell inside the balcony and over her. 
Under the rain, she could not move. Her jaw was clenched tightly, and she grabbed the railing with all her might in an effort to exert control over herself. 
She thought that the chilly rain might make her desire less intense. But she was wrong. The scent of rain was making her crazy, as if it were the best weather to give up herself to someone. 
She closed her eyes to take a few deep breaths. She ran her finger through her wet hair and shook her head. 
“No, I have to control myself,” she mumbled. 
However, as she stepped back to leave the balcony, another scent entered her 
nostrils. noveldrama
Almost immediately, her eyes turned blue. Her mouth opened slightly as she began to inhale the most enticing scent that caused her mind to go completely 
insane. 
*1* BONUS 
As soon as she turned around to get close to the scent, she froze. 
“Natalia?” 
Adrian was standing outside the balcony, looking at her. His hair was damp from the rain. The wet locks hid his hair on his forehead, giving him a very attractive appearance. The first two buttons on his shirt were undone, exposing his chest, which was quite fair. 
She bit her lower lip as the wolf inside her howled for her to run in the direction of her mate. She desired nothing more than to be touched by Adrian. 
Even though Natalia was doing everything in her power to ignore her wolf, she could not deny the fact that she was also experiencing the urge to go to this man. His handsome look made the situation worse for her. His scent was 
magnetic. It was almost as if it was luring her closer to him. 
With a stuttering voice, she let out, “Ad–Adrian?” 
Adrian frowned as he stared at her. He had not returned to the hotel for the whole day because he thought Natalia would not like his presence. He returned late, thinking she was asleep. But when he saw her teary eyes and heard her stuttering voice, he could not help but rush towards her. 
He grabbed her arms and asked, 
“What happened to you? Why are you crying?” 
She averted her gaze from him because she was in excruciating pain. The desire to be mated with a male wolf in the heat was double for her because 
she was not any ordinary wolf but a giant Alpha female. 
Adrian cupped her cheeks, not knowing what was wrong with her. 
“Just tell me already. Don’t make worri- 
He was unable to finish his sentence because a scent, which was floating in the air, came into contact with his nostrils. 
His eyes turned red when he realized what the scent was. It was the smell of her pheromones. 
“Fuck!” 
He growled and could not stop himself anymore. He pushed her to the glass door of the balcony and smashed his lips on hers. 
The kiss made her feel like she was in heaven. It was impossible for her to 
resist the urge to raise her hand in order to touch him. So she grabbed his shirt and pulled him closer to her body. 
###
The thunder rumbled very loudly. There was a flash of lightning that illuminated the two people who were passionately kissing each other.
Adrian kissed Natalia roughly as his hand began to touch her body.
Because his mind had been taken over by the sweet scent that emanated from her body, it was impossible for him to keep his sanity.
She was not any ordinary she-wolf, but his own mate.
Natalia did not stop him because all she wanted at that point was to be touched by him. The warmth of her mate helped to relieve the pain in her lower abdomen.
Adrian broke the kiss when she felt breathless. He looked at her face, noticing that her eyes were closed. Her head was leaning against the glass door. Her chest was moving up and down as a result of the deep breaths that she was taking.
His eyes observed her. Her hair was soaking wet. Her nightgown was stuck to her body, making him go crazy about her.
Suddenly, he recalled last night, which caused him to retrieve a few steps from her.
She slowly opened her eyes and looked at him.
Seeing her teary eyes, which were begging him to get closer to her to wreck her mercilessly, he turned around and walked to the railing, moving away from her.
He was losing his patience, but he could not do that. He had promised not to touch her without her consent. How could he touch her in her heat? It was obvious to him that she would never grant him permission and then push him later.
He tightened his fists around the railing to control his wolf.
"I want her right now," his wolf growled inside him.
He was about to deny it, but a pair of hands encircled his waist. He lowered his head and noticed Natalia rubbing her soft palm over his wet shirt. He was surprised to see her doing this.noveldrama
He turned around to face her. Her head was down, and she pressed her forehead against his chest.
He grabbed her jaw and lifted it to meet her eyes.
"Woman, I don't want to hear that I am using you again. Don't make it hurt for me. You can't even count how many cold showers this Alpha has had to take for you all these years. If I release my beast tonight, it will ruin you completely.'
She bit her lower lip as tears streamed down her cheeks. "I want you."
The sight of her tears was enough to loosen his grip. The change in her eyes from blue to black was a clear indication that she was the one who was speaking and not her wolf.
He cupped his hands around her cheeks and gently stroked them with his thumbs.
The rain was falling heavily on them as the night grew darker.
"I promised you that I would not touch you without your consent. I-"
She cut him off as she spoke up,
'Make me yours tonight, Adrian."
###As soon as Natalia uttered those words, Adrian twisted their bodies and pressed hers against the railing. 
He kissed her while tilting his head to the side. She wrapped her hands around his neck, pulling him closer. 
He pressed his body against hers. She let out a moan while they were kissing, which drove him completely insane. 
He took a step back, fingers running through his wet locks. His eyes were drawn to her appearance. 
“You are going to be the death of me tonight,” he muttered in his deep voice. 
Natalia gasped when he lifted her into his arms. She wrapped her hands tightly 
around his neck. 
She tried to bury her face in his neck, afraid her children would see her in that 
state. 
She rubbed her nose against his neck, sniffing his scent to ease herself. 
Adrian carried her into their bedroom and closed the door with his leg. 
When Natalia heard the sound of the door shutting, she shifted her face away 
from his neck and looked at him. 
He walked over to the bed and laid her down. 
Her gaze focused on him. Adrian caught a glimpse of shyness in her eyes. 
He smirked at her. “Don’t worry, baby. You do not have to keep yourself from moaning anymore. No one can hear us from outside.” 
She parted her lips in surprise. She closed her legs and rubbed them together as she began to feel more wet. It caused her nightgown to lift, exposing her thighs. 
What she was doing in front of him caused Adrian to growl with lust. 
His heart was beating faster. She was in her heat, but he was not in his rut. However, when he saw his woman doing everything possible to seduce him, he went crazy. noveldrama
The beast he had been holding captive for years awoke and took over as his 
lust 
After slowly approaching her, he climbed onto the bed. The sight of his more sluggish steps made her feel helpless and desperate. 
“Adrian, take me already.” 
Her seductive words and the way she moaned his name made him lose his 
mind. 
He wished this night would never end, and he would take her the whole night. 
He grabbed her ankle and drew her to him. His touch jolted her entire body. 
While looking at her, he took off his shirt. She gulped as she saw his perfect body. She wanted to ignore the claw marks she left on his chest. 
Without breaking eye contact, he grabbed her right ankle and pressed it against his chest. 
He began kissing the back of her foot, then moved his lips from her ankle to her knee to her thigh. 
She moaned as his lips brushed against her upper thighs. He roamed his hand on her thighs and leaned down to her face. His hard chest pressed against her soft bosoms as he came closer to her face. 
He kissed her before moving to her neck. When he nuzzled her neck, she hugged him out of sheer pleasure. 
Natalia felt his touch was heavenly, and she was already on cloud nine. 
When his hands touched her breasts, she lost all the control over herself and moaned loudly. 
“Ahhh!” 
###He kneaded her breasts while kissing her neck, leaving his traces of love. 
His mouth moved down to her collarbone. While kissing there, he reached her cleavage. 
He raised his head to look into her eyes. 
“No need for clothes tonight, baby.” 
He reminded her of the night when he had healed her wound. 
Her eyes blinked as they became filled with lust, allowing him to do whatever he wanted with her. She gave him permission to do whatever he desired. 
He did not rip her clothes like he used to do in the past. Instead, he gently lifted her nightgown over her head, leaving her in her black lingerie. 
He licked his lips as her body came to be visible in his eyes. She had a perfect body, just like he used to think of her. It had become more than perfect now. 
He pressed his face on her breasts and began to suck them over the thin piece of cloth. 
He knew she was in heat, and it would be difficult for her to wait too long. So, he ignored his desire to kiss her whole body and took off the last two pieces from her body, leaving her naked. 
He flipped his tongue over her pink nipples repeatedly to give her more pleasure as he hungrily sucked her beautiful rounded bosoms. 
“Ahhh!” 
She was a moaning mess. He wondered if she had ever let another man touch her body or reacted the way she was doing now. 
The mere thought of another man seeing her naked infuriated him. He wanted to make this night unforgettable for her so that she would never forget who she belonged to. 
“Did you let another man-” 
“No!” 
She gave an answer with a moan. His eyebrows rose in surprise. It was as if a weight had been lifted from his chest as a smile spread across his lips. 
“Such a loyal woman!” 
He leaned in to kiss her and moved his hands to her legs. He spread her legs apart and moved his hand toward her entrance. 
She let out a cry of pleasure the moment his fingers touched her core. 
“Please, more. 
When he felt the wetness between her legs, Adrian was taken aback. 
“You are slicking! I want to taste it so bad.” 
She looked at him. He brought one of his fingers up to his mouth and licked 
one. 
“Sweeter than honey. I can eat you all night, baby.” 
She became increasingly aroused by his dirty words, which eventually led to her getting wetter. 
She shook her head in denial. “N–No, I can’t wait.” 
Her eyes rolled back when he listened to her, and he pushed a finger inside her. 
Although his finger was still inside, she tightly closed her legs. Because she desired for his finger to go deeper and deeper, she rolled her waist. 
As he observed her needy behavior, he grinned. He kissed her cheek and murmured, noveldrama
“I will fuck you so hard that you will never forget this heat.” 
D 
###
Natalia moaned loudly as Adrian thrust his member inside her. Her body jerked on the bed as if it were experiencing a sense of rebirth after a very long time.
The feelings that she had been unable to recall for a number of years came flooding back to her. She could not believe how she was feeling right now.
She had never mated to a man while in heat, so she had no idea what this blissful feeling was.
However, she was not aware that this feeling was only because Adrian was her mate. She would have felt differently if there were another man in his place.
"Adrian!"
She let out his name with a pleased tone when he hit her soft spot again and again. She felt like she was in heaven.
Her wolf wanted it more and more. Her body began to heat up, and she was unsure of how long it would last. Meanwhile,
Adrian looked at Natalia while ruining her in bed. Despite appearing destroyed, she still looked stunning. The only person who could have done that to her was him.
He leaned down and moved his hands toward hers. He interlocked their fingers and pinned her hands to the sides of her head.
He then kissed her passionately. The pleasure that he was giving her was so intense that she broke the kiss and moved her head to the left and right in order to endure it.
Adrian's eyes turned red as he was mesmerized by her beauty and the feeling of having her underneath him. The closeness was driving him insane enough to make sure that she was his.
He kept groaning in pleasure, but his mind was focused on giving her more than he was feeling.
She was his top priority in every situation.
His wolf growled inside him as he finally took over. His red eyes moved his gaze from his face to her neck. He cocked his head down and leaned in closer.
He started kissing her on the neck, licking and sucking the skin to leave so many hickeys behind.
At a certain point, he came to a halt in the scent gland. When he caught a whiff of her scent, his canines emerged. As Adrian's wolf was just about to mark Natalia as his, he took over his wolf and tried to control himself. In order to force the canines into the mouth, he clenched his jaw. It was excruciatingly painful for him to control himself at that point.noveldrama
His heart began to feel stabbed as his wolf tried to fight him to take over to mark his mate.
'I can't mark her without her consent. She is in heat right now. I want to mark her with her consent, and she will give me permission to do it. She told me to keep my patience. If I mark her in this condition, she will never realize my love for her.' Adrian told his wolf.
No matter how hard his wolf tried, he endured the agony and did not mark Natalia.
Natalia looked like she was in an addictive state after a few hours. It took Adrian the whole night and many rounds to ease her heat.
When it was early in the morning, Natalia fell asleep. She was drenched in sweat all over.
After wiping her hair and body, Adrian moved her to the area of the bed that was not drench.
The two of them were wrapped in a blanket, and he rested his head on her chest.
A smile appeared on his face as he continued to look at her for a long time.
"I still can not believe we got back together. I will make this day special to you."
He moved his head to her lips and kissed her softly.
"I love you, Natalia."
###Natalia opened her eyes when it was noon. She blinked her eyes to clear her vision. Her gaze shifted to the window, catching sight of the cloudy weather outside. 
There was no one else in the room besides her. noveldrama
With a slow pace, she tried to sit up, but because of the pain in her lower body, she hissed. 
She frowned for a second before rubbing her forehead. 
She bit her bottom lip, as if everything from last night had come back to her. 
After putting all the pressure on her palms, she sat up. The blanket covering her body slipped down from her breasts. She lowered her head and realized she was naked under the blanket. 
Her whole body was sore. Her wolf was calm inside, as if it had found the peace that she had been seeking for so long. 
Something crossed Natalia’s mind as her eyes widened. She reached up to her neck and rubbed the skin. 
She felt a slight pain, which caused her eyes to widen. 
She lost her mind as a thought kept running through her head. She quickly wrapped her body around the blanket before stepping out of bed. 
While taking her steps, she felt her legs become entwined with a cloth. When she looked down, she found her nightgown lying on the floor near the bed. 
She tried to bend down and felt pain. She ignored it and grabbed the nightgown. After wearing it quickly, she made her way to the dressing table while limping. 
She could not remember how many times they had done that to cause her this pain. 
As soon as she stood in front of the mirror, she examined her neck. 
Her desperate eyes calmed down when she did not see what she was expecting. 
She let out a sigh of relief. 
Adrian did not mark her. 
There were a few hickeys that made her skin swell slightly. It was the reason for the pain she felt when she rubbed it. 
She did not waste her time in front of the mirror and rushed to the bathroom 
after pulling out a dress from the closet. 
Under the shower, Natalia noticed that he had left no marks on her body other than a few love bites in her neck. It shocked her because that man was a beast 
in the bed and liked to leave marks on her full body whenever they had sex in the past. 
She did not forget a single thing about last night, as memories came flooding 
in her mind. 
After taking a shower, she went out of the bathroom and glanced at the clock. 
She noticed it was getting latè because today they were going back. 
She hurriedly got ready and applied makeup to her neck so no one would notice the hickeys. 
There was no emotion in her eyes when she was doing everything. 
After packing her luggage, she decided to leave the bedroom. She turned her head to glance at the bed. It was messy, reminding her of everything that she had done last night. 
She looked away and opened the door. As soon as she left the room, she was completely taken aback. 
There was no sunlight entering the living room because all of the blinds were closed, and the room was completely dark. She looked around, and her expression changed to one of surprise when something caught her attention. 
The living room was elegantly decorated with rose petals and candles. In the center of the living room, someone made a big heart shape with rose petals. But it did not move her eyes; what drew her attention to it were the words written inside the heart. 
“I Love You” 
She was about to turn away but froze when a pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist from behind. 
Natalia recognized the man because of the scent that he possessed. 
He kissed her cheek softly and whispered, 
“You should have slept longer. Forget it. Do you like everything around us? I did everything myself.” 
COIN BUNDLE: get more tree bonus 
###Since the moment he awoke, Adrian had been extremely busy. Honestly, he could not sleep for more than two hours. From the moment he opened his eyes, he kept looking at Natalia. He had a smile on his face, which did not look like it would fade for years. 
He had something on his mind, so he left the bedroom after getting a shower and told his kids not to disturb their mother. He instructed Amanda to go back to the pack house with the kids. The children were so obedient to him that they did not bother their mother and left with Amanda. He did not send them alone. He ordered his guards to accompany them back. 
Later, he decided to prepare lunch for himself and Natalia because he did not want to wake her up for breakfast. She could not sleep the entire night because they were captivated by their love. noveldrama
He knew all of her favorite dishes because he had learned everything about her through her diary. He carefully prepared lunch with the help of some online videos. The thought of their lives having changed in a single night made him 
smile. 
“Make me yours tonight, Adrian.” 
This one line from Natalia kept playing in his head, making him happy. She gave him permission last night to make her his own. She wanted him and allowed him back into her life. 
He remembered how she wanted more and more. He was not a gentle guy in bed. But he tried his best to be gentle with her. 
He cut his finger a little bit while chopping vegetables. He saw blood oozing from it. He washed his finger and wiped it with a towel, thinking that it would heal very soon. Then he started to work again. 
But he was surprised that his finger did not heal. He frowned and examined the fresh blood coming from it. 
He assumed that he was not healing because of last night. To keep himself under control, he had to put up with pain. His wolf wanted to mark Natalia because he had gotten closer to his mate after so many years. It was impossible for an Alpha wolf to not mark his mate while making love to her. 
He recalled how much hurt he felt when his canines came out, and he had to push it so that he did not lose his mind and mark her. 
His mind was fixed on one thing. He wanted her to see how much he loved her. She believed he had no patience with her, so he did not love her. But it was not true. He could be patient with her even during the most painful times. 
He bandaged his finger and finished preparing lunch. After that, he decorated the entire living room in a way that was extremely attractive, which could make her happy. 
When Natalia came out of the bedroom, he waited for her to see everything. 
Adrian hugged her from behind, kissed her on the cheek, and spoke sweetly to 
her. 
However, she unwrapped his arms and turned around to look at him. 
The candles around them cast a glow on her beautiful face. 
He could not deny the fact that he was nervous. But he was confident that everything would be all right after the moment. 
He reached into his pocket and pulled out something he had taken before arriving here. He never expected to have the opportunity to express himself in front of her. 
While holding her hand softly, he got down on one knee. He kissed the back of her hand gently and said, 
“I have been eager to ask you this for a long time. When you left my life years ago, I regretted signing the divorce papers. I can not turn back time. But I can assure you that I will never let you be upset for a single day from now on.” 
Letting go of her hand, he carefully opened the red velvet box he was holding. 
From within the box, a dazzling and exquisite diamond ring shone brightly. Her eyes moved at the ring, which calmed him a little. He took a deep breath and asked, 
“Natalia, will you remarry me?” 
###Adrian stared at Natalia, expecting her to accept his proposal and say yes. His eyes were warm and full of love. 
Natalia’s eyes fixed on the ring, which caused him to frown. He took a glance at the ring. Despite the fact that it did not appear to be particularly large, the diamond was the most expensive one. He liked the ring first and foremost because of its design. It was shaped like a moonflower. She was his moonflower, so he bought this for her. 
‘Did she not like the ring?‘ he thought in his head. 
He glanced at Natalia and scolded himself in his head. It could be the reason. He should take her with him before deciding on one. But then how would it be a surprise? 
He was so excited that he could not even wait for their lunch, and for the night to go somewhere, he asked her about it directly. He knew her answer was yes because she had given herself to him last night to become his. But he wanted to make it special for her. Because she was special to him. 
“Natalia, I was in a hurry to decide one, so I-” 
She interrupted him and spoke out for the first time since last night. 
“No, I won’t.” 
His whole body froze, but his hand, which was holding the box, shook a little. 
“What do you mean?” he asked in a low voice. 
Natalia shifted her gaze from the ring to him. His eyes met hers, and his heart nearly stopped beating. 
Her eyes were colder than ever. They had no emotions, as if she did not have any feelings for him. 
“I can’t accept your proposal,” she replied calmly. 
He was shocked at how calmly she replied to him. 
“But why?” he asked without getting on his feet. 
She folded her hands across her chest and asked, 
“What made you think that I would remarry you, Alpha Adrian?” 
His heart started to pound inside his chest. He was not pleased with her indifferent demeanor. His lips trembled as he pursed them, careful not to show her. 
He tried his best to remain composed and said, 
“Why can’t I think that? Aren’t we back together?” 
As if he had said something untrue, her brows knitted together. 
“What are you talking about? Get back together?” 
He stared at her for a while as his mind tried to proceed with what had happened to her. 
‘Did she, by any chance, forget about last night? But this is not possible. She was in her full sense. How can she forget what has happened between us?‘ he thought. noveldrama
He slowly moved down the box but did not put it back in his pocket. He rose to his feet and tried to hold her. 
But she took a step back, which shocked him. 
“Natalia” 
His low tone was heavy with pain. But she was unable to feel it. 
“Maybe you forgot about last night, baby. It’s okay. “You do not need to put too much pressure on your mind,” he said, trying not to offend her. 
He feared that if he enraged her, she would leave. It seemed to him that she had truly forgotten about last night. He lowered his head and closed the box. 
But he froze when she spoke up again. 
“I didn’t forget a single thing. I was in my heat, not drunk.” 
Support 
###Adrian raised his head as he looked at her. “You didn’t?” 
“No,” Natalia answered, shaking her head. 
He swallowed his breath as he moved toward her, not letting her step. backward. 
He held her arms, which caused her to unfold her arms. 
“If you didn’t forget, then why are you surprised about getting back together? There is no longer any distance between us. Let’s remarry, Natalia.” 
Natalia scoffed at him before pushing his hands. “Have you lost your mind, Alpha Adrian? I, Natalia Hansley, will never remarry you. How could you even think that?” 
Adrian was taken aback by her words. His heart throbbed with pain. 
“Why can’t you? You are mine, aren’t you?” 
“Yours? Are you kidding me?” 
He took a deep breath, not knowing what had happened to her. 
“Last night, you asked me to make you yours. I almost marked you, but I didn’t.” 
Natalia’s eyes glowed blue for a moment, then turned back to black. 
“You are lucky that you didn’t. Otherwise, you would be dead. I would have disgusted myself now.” 
It was as if the sky had collapsed over him. He took a step back. 
He did not mark her because he wanted to show her his patience, and he planned to mark her after the wedding to give her the best moment of her life. 
But he did not expect her to say such things. 
His wolf growled inside him in anger, almost taking over. 
In rage, his inner wolf spoke. 
“I told you to mark her. You did not give me control last night. Because of you, we lost the chance again.” 
Adrian was unsure what to say to whom. He was lost in thought, wondering. why she allowed him to get closer to her if she did not want him. 
Natalia stepped closer to him and patted his shoulder. 
“Don’t mind it. It was just one night. I did not take heat precautions and ended up sleeping with you.” 
Wa 
He looked at her slowly, his eyes filled with shock. “Last night just a night for you?” 
“Of course. What did you think?” 
“You said-” 
nt for 
“Now, do not bring up that ‘make me yours‘ thing. I was in the heat and not in my usual calm state. When I said, “Make me yours tonight,” I only that night only.” 
Adrian stared at her with disbelief in his eyes. She raised an eyebrow. “I tell me that I used you and all. Because you equally enjoyed the night, didn’t you?” noveldrama
He gritted his teeth as he muttered, “Very enjoyed it.” 
She gave a nod and looked around the living room. 
“I see you wasted a lot of time doing all of this. But what can I say? I did not think you could be so immature as to believe that one night could alleviate years of suffering.” 
His eyes paused on hers when he heard that. He grabbed her hands softly and mumbled, 
“Can you not let go of our past? Let’s be together with a new life and our children.” 
She yanked her hands free from his grip and moved away from him. 
“I can never let it go.” 
“Is it for Max? Do you like him this much?” he asked with a desperate voice. 
She shook her head. “No, it’s not the reason. I will tell him the truth that I let another man touch me in my heat. I know he no longer deserves a woman like 
me.” 
“Then he will break up with you.” 
“This is what you wanted, right?” 
+16 вония 
“No, I only wanted you back. I didn’t plan anything about last night. I even thought not to sleep in the same room. Last night, I only came here to check on 
you.” 
“I got it. There is no need to explain anything to me. Just think that nothing has happened between us.” 
“What do you mean?” 
She lowered her head to look at her bag. She opened her bag’s chain and took. out a card. 
She grabbed his hand and pressed the card against his palm. 
“Every penny I made from the Blue Blood Pack’s pack company is on this card.” 
He frowned in confusion about what she was doing. 
But her next sentence took him back to the past. 
“Take it as your bed service.” 
D 
###Adrian’s eyes widened with shock. Natalia could read the expression clearly. She appeared surprised that he would make such an expression. 
“What are you so shocked about?” she asked. 
Adrian glanced at the card and asked, 
“Bed service? Do you think last night was a bed service?” 
“Of course. That is nothing more than that. I must say, you did an excellent job, 
she said. 
He stared at the card for a long time without saying anything. He was upset with her for saying that, as well as with himself for silently listening to all of this. 
However, the past came to his mind. 
He did the same thing with her. He referred to the nights she had spent with him as only bed service. He had gone so far that he gave her his bank card in exchange. 
But he remembered that he gave her that card so that she could spend the rest of her life with the money. He was angry with her at the time, so he said whatever came to mind, but his intent was not wrong. 
“Don’t think too much. Once, I used to give you bed services; now you gave me one night. What’s a big deal? Just take it. I know it may not be enough for you. But how much will you charge for a single night? I believe the money is enough for one night. I never used this card, thinking I would
save it for my children’s future. But now that they are with their father, I do not have to worry about them anymore.” 
Adrian clenched his fists around the card. The sharp corner of the card almost 
cut his skin. 
“Okay.” noveldrama
“Okay, what?” Natalia asked. 
He raised his gaze to meet hers and replied, 
boy will nike f 
the panad temon 
he had verwoed fur he would have refused to take it 
illun um getting alms 
deer pure muinton were to 
She overted here to him and add “Yauh, it’s batter for you” 
Adrian hand as intente gere as 
an 
regretted having hors her in the past 
it ever did not grow cold in fact, he 
able to repair the woman because of how 
was afraid that no one would ever be he had broken her heart. 
Adrian. Listen to me. When are you going to stop bothering me? I am done with you I can not keep telling you to leave me alone every day. Why are you ruining my life?” She lashed out in rage 
Hat calm demeanor could not last any longer. She began to look furious. 
“If you continue like this, I don’t know what I will do. I just can’t be with you again.” 
Adrian felt a stabbing in his heart. “What makes you happy? To be with that man?” he asked. 
“Even if Max breaks up with me because of last night, I still won’t accept you in my heart again. You asked what makes me happy. Staying away from you makes me happy.” 
His heart trembled at her words. Her cruel words broke him completely. 
He could not express his feelings to her, but he felt like pulling out his heart to get rid of the pain in his chest. 
He took one last look at the woman in his life before making a decision. He slowly put the ring box back inside his pocket and said, 
“I will not bother you again. You can be the happiest person from now on. I will never come your way.” 
###Adrian’s proposal of remarriage to Natalla was unexpected. She was shocked at first. When she had come out of the bedroom, she thought to react coldly to Adrian. But when he dropped to one knee in front of her, she had no idea why her heart skipped a beat. 
That time, she reminded herself of the past and controlled her heart. There was no way she could let her heart beat this man ever again. She was not a soft -hearted woman who could be melted at any time. 
She was a woman of words. When she used to love him, she loved him unconditionally. However, his chapter in her life ended the moment she made the decision that it was over. She was unwilling to turn the pages once more.. 
When she gave him the card, she expected to humiliate him in the ame way he had done years before. Only she knew how broken she was that day. 
But the way Adrian accepted the card, it offended her. She felt that this man was insufferable. He just wanted what he desired. He did not care about anything else. 
She scoffed at him and shook her head when she heard him say he would not bother her anymore. 
“You said the same thing a few months ago, too. Then you once again came to ruin my life.” 
Her eyes dug into him as she showed how angry she was with him. 
“If 
you 
had not planned this vacation, I might not have had to spend last night. with you. I would not have to feel this guilty inside.” 
Adrian looked at her. She somehow found those eyes painful. 
She turned away from him and walked to her luggage, which she had left a few feet away from the bedroom door. 
While holding it, she turned to face him. “Where are the others?” 
Adrian did not look like he was in a state to reply. His eyes became empty, as if s were speaking with a lifeless body. 
“I’m asking something. Will you answer or not?” 
They went back to the pack house,” he replied after taking a deep breath. 
She gave it some thought before walking toward the door. She paused when he spoke again. 
“I made lunch for you. Have some lunch before you leave.” 
She turned her head and gazed at him. Her expression was one of surprise. She immediately became composed and responded, 
“No, thanks. I will grab something on my way back home.” 
After saying that, she left Adrian there in the hotel room, all alone with his decorations and lunch. 
She felt strange for the first time after all these years. 
“She fell for you, she fell for us, Natalia.” 
She heard Nancy, her wolf, speak to her. She ignored her wolf and left the hotel 
When she walked out of the hotel, a few guards were waiting for her. noveldrama
o 
“Miss Hansley, Alpha has ordered us to take you back to your house,” the driver informed her. 
She was stunned to learn that Adrian had made arrangements for her to go back. Even though she wanted to deny it, there was no point in doing so. So she got in the car and departed from there, leaving so many good and bad memories there. 
Throughout the whole ride, everything that had happened last night captured her mind. 
She bit her bottom lip when her memories began to flash in her mind. She tried to shove them, but her body could still feel his touches. She spent the entire day thinking about how she would forget about this one night. 
When the car arrived at her house, it was already evening. 
She entered the house lazily, looking tired from thinking about so many things. What ate her alive was how she would confess about the night to Max. 
While walking inside, she noticed that there was no one in the living room. She frowned and started looking for a maid. 
When she found one, she asked, 
“Where is everyone?” 
“The young master was moving his hands, so everyone went to his room.” 
Natalia parted her lips in surprise and dashed to her brother’s room, hoping that his health was recovering. 
However, when she entered Jason’s room, she froze. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she noticed that the man lying on the bed had finally opened his 
eyes. 
“Brother!” 
###Natalia rushed toward Jason. Everyone turned around to her when they heard her voice. Her mother was crying in happiness while her father and Eric were standing close to the bed with a bright face. 
All of them were happy, and at the same time, they were surprised to see Jason open his eyes. 
They could not just believe in their own eyes. 
Natalia hugged her brother tightly. “Brother, you opened your eyes! Am I dreaming? I can’t believe it. Tell me it’s true.” 
Jason slowly raised his hand and placed it on her back. 
She cried on her brother’s chest while embracing him. Without him, he had become all alone in her life. His brother was a shadow to him. Wher. 
there with her, no one dared to touch their family, but when he fell sick, 
was 
everyone took advantage of it. The pack members lost their pack, and her family lost their home and respect. Everything turned into dust. 
She sobbed as all the pain she had been holding inside came out after getting her brother back. 
“I missed you, brother. I missed you a lot.” 
Their parents looked at each other with smiles when they saw the love. 
between the two siblings. 
Natalia raised her head and sat up. She wiped her eyes, trying to stop sobbing. 
“Brother, how are you feeling now?” 
eves t noveldrama
Jason blinked his let her know that he was okay. 
“Why can’t you speak? Let me call Max right now,” she said, trying to go back to get her phone from the living room. She left her luggage behind while hurrying here after hearing about his recovery. 
“I tried to call him, but his phone is unreachable,” Eric said to her. 
Natalia stopped upon hearing that. She glanced at her brother with worry. She recalled that when she tried to call Max, his phone was off at that time as well. 
→ +15 BONUS 
“Natalla, don’t worry, Jason spoke out. 
Her eyes widened, “Brother, you are talking!” 
A big grin appeared on her face. 
He nodded his head. “I think I am fine now,” Jason said with a raspy voice. 
His throat was burning, but he still tried to talk to his family so that they would not worry for him. 
Eric helped him to sit up. When Jason leaned against the pillow, he looked around the room. 
“We are at the Crystal Blood Pack right now,” Alpha Martin Hansley said. 
Jade sat beside Jason and asked, “My son, do you know how we passed all these days watching you lifeless? I–I thought-” 
Jason held his mother’s shaken hand and replied, “I am back, Mom. You can 
relax now.” 
Natalia smiled upon hearing that. She looked at her family, who were deli ful today. 
She thought that if the war had not happened, they could have happily remained in the Blue Blood Pack. 
Suddenly, her smile froze when she recalled the war. They did not lose, but her brother submitted himself to Adrian. 
She looked at her brother carefully and took a deep breath, then asked, 
“Why did you submit to Adrian during the war, Brother?” 
Support 
###Everyone turned their heads toward Natalia. Eric walked to her and muttered,” Let’s not talk about it. He has just woken up. It can affect his health.” 
Natalia realized that she should not have asked that to her brother at that time. She bit her bottom lip and lowered her head. 
“It’s okay, brother. We will talk about it later.” 
Jason gazed at Natalia. He looked a little weak, but it was because he had woken up after a very long time. Otherwise, he was feeling perfectly fine from the inside. 
When he heard Natalia’s question, he recalled the war. He could not remember much, but he could remember meeting Adrian and submitting to him. 
, enemy 
“My own friend betrayed me, and the person I used to think was came to give me a hand in the war. I felt the biggest betrayal in my life at that time. I regret the decisions that I made in the past.” 
Jade patted Jason’s hand and asked, 
“So Alpha Adrian really did come to our aid?” 
“Yes, mom.” 
His eyes moved around the room, and he said, 
“He really protected my family’s life, just like he promised me in the war.” 
“Did Alpha Adrian promise you that?” Alpha Martin asked with surprise. 
Eric looked stunned, too. He knew Jason and Adrian had met. But he was not aware of their conversation. 
Jason gave his father a nod and shifted his eyes at Natalia. 
“Dad, I want to talk to Natalia alone.” 
Alpha Martin looked at his wife, and Eric then gestured to them to leave the two siblings alone. 
They left the room, leaving Natalia alone with Jason to have conversations. with each other. 
Natalia, on the other hand, was in confusion. She did not get her answer yet. 
His brother was not the type of man who would give in to anyone. 
“Where are my nephew and niece?” Jason asked, patting on the bed, Indicating she should sit with him. 
As she sat in front of him, she whispered “They are with their dad.” 
“Did you tell him about them?” 
She shook her head while lowering her head. “No, he realized it himself.” 
“How did he do that? They were bound with the spells.” 
“He broke it with his growl.” noveldrama
“I must say, Alpha Adrian is really a powerful Alpha.” 
Hearing Jason praising Adrian, she raised her head to look at him. 
“Brother, why did you do that? You never liked that man.” 
Jason lifted his hand and cupped her cheek. “My little sister, you know how much your brother loves you.” 
She held his hand, saying, “I know.” 
He averted his gaze from her as if thinking about that night. 
“That night, I was on the edge of losing my life. A fear captured my heart, which 
shocked my not the fear of my death but the death of my family. I 
heart. It was could have made you that pack’s Alpha, but I got to know that Alpha Leo’s 
target was you. He wanted to marry you forcefully and, at the same time, obtain the pack. If you refused it, he would have killed you. They had already killed all of our pack fighters, leaving a few to mock us.” 
Biting her lower lip, Natalia tried not to cry. She could feel the pain that Jason could have felt that night. 
However, Jason returned his gaze to her and said, 
“But at that moment, a man came to me like a knight. I thought he had come to exact revenge for the disrespect I had shown him, but instead, he told me something that really touched my heart and broke all of my hatred for him.” 
Natalia parted her lips. “What did he say?” 
Jason took a deep breath and replied, 
“I came here only for your sister. I promise I will not let her die. I will protect her, even if it means my death. She and your family will be saved.” 
Natalia froze after hearing those words. Jason was telling her what Adrian had told him–the exact words. 
He let go of her cheek and placed his hand on hers. 
“That foolish man, he really loves you, Natalia. He was unaware of the truth that Aria and Noah were his children. Despite the fact that they are ot his biological children, he said he is willing to accept your children.e promised. me to take care of them like his own because they are your children.” 
Jason lowered his head for a while without letting out anything. When he found Natalia was also silent, he glanced at her and said, 
“That was the time I realized no other man could protect you like him. If someone loves you after dad and me, it’s him. I was on the edge of death. He was a strong man capable of protecting my family and pack members. Sol submitted to him rather than losing my pack to another Alpha.” 
D 
###Natalia came to her room with so many thoughts and different emotions. Her body lay on the bed as her eyes closed. noveldrama
She could not just forget what her brother had told her about Adrian. 
How could an Alpha be willing to accept another man’s heir? Not even an ordinary Alpha but a head Alpha. Everyone knew no one would accept that. 
Then why did Adrian want to do that? 
Her eyes slowly opened. She looked at the ceiling with a heavy heart. 
Her brother said that Adrian went to the war just for her. 
Her brother, who used to hate Adrian the most, talked like Adria his heart. 
ad melted 
Her breath hitched when she recalled last night. She slowly lifted her hand and placed it on her chest. 
Tears rolled down her eyes. 
Last night, she heard him tell her that he loved her. She wasn’t asleep at that 
time. She had made herself deaf because she was too cold to hear what he was saying. 
She wiped her eyes to take a deep breath. Today, she showed Adrian how she felt when he had treated her that badly in the past. 
However, right now, she felt that it was time to let go of everything. 
She would part ways with everyone. It was true that her suffering was unmatchable. Adrian was not struggling in the same way that she was. But she did not want him to feel anything anymore. 
She decided to leave this pack since Jason had recovered. It would be better if their paths stayed apart. 
Liana had texted her to let her know the shop would open today, and she was welcome to start working from tomorrow. 
Natalia spent the whole night thinking about Adrian. 
There was something inside her that regretted her behavior toward Adrian today. She could have been less cold to him. 
The next morning, 
She got ready to go to the coffee shop. When she left her room, she forgot to take her phone with her. She thought of taking it after having breakfast with her family. This would be the first meal that she was going to have with her brother after his recovery. 
As soon as Natalia entered the living room, she was shocked. 
There were a lot of men standing in the house. 
She glanced at her family, who appeared to be shocked as well. She walked to them and tried to understand the situation.” 
“What happened?” she asked, looking at the papers that we laced on the tea table close to the couch where Jason was sitting. 
Everyone turned to her. Natalia frowned as she made her way to them. 
“Are you all going to say something? And who are these people?” She asked and came to a stop next to her mother. 
Everyone glanced at each other. Natalia had a strong feeling that something had happened. 
When his parents did not reply to her, she turned to the men around the house and asked, 
“Who are you, and why are you all here at our house?” 
The men gently bowed, and one of them responded, 
“Alpha Adrian sent us here for Alpha Jason.” 
Natalia’s heart sank. Did Adrian learn that Jason had awoken and sent his men to hurt her brother? Was it because she insulted him yesterday? 
However, the man continued to speak, and what he said really sent Natalia into 
tate of shock. 
“We are here for Alpha Jason’s protection. Alpha Adrian has announced that he has returned the Blue Blood Pack to Alpha Jason.” 
###Natalia was taken aback by the news. Her eyes widened as she turned her head toward her family. Now she understood why they were not replying to her. It was because they were also astounded. noveldrama
Why did Adrian do that? Jason had already submitted to him. There was no promise that he made about giving back the pack to Jason either. 
Then why? 
“Brother?” she mumbled, looking at Jason. 
Jason let out a sigh as he had no words. 
Alpha Martin rubbed his forehead as if he were speechless. “Alpha Adrian turns out to be a very kind man.” 
“I can’t believe he announced that!” Natalia’s mother, Jade, said. 
Eric stared at Jason as he was eager to know his Alpha’s decision. 
Jason tried to get up. Eric and Natalia were about to help him, but before they could, the men reached him and helped him stand up. 
Jason shook his head as he looked at his parents. 
“I can’t take over the pack again. That man won it. It was not like I had surrendered to him, and the war had ended. He killed Alpha Leo and won the war by himself.” 
Alpha Martin stood up and patted his son’s shoulder. “That’s our home, Jason. Our ancestors worked hard to build that pack. Alpha Leo was your friend, and he betrayed you with his tricks.
That’s why you got sick and almost lost the war. If you were healthy, you would have won the war.” 
Jason smiled at his father and replied, 
“Dad, I know you are thinking about me and our family. I also thought about it and submitted to that man during the war. However, the way he saved you all and allowed us to stay here in his pack with respect, I can’t do that. I am not sure what it is right now. But I can’t accept that pack. We can live there as pack members or pillars, but not as the royal family anymore.” 
Alpha Martin felt really proud of his son He was indeed a good man. He was ready to lose the chance to get his pack back. He did not have any ego, and he was doing what he thought was right. 
Natalia stared at her family. She did not know what she should think right now. 
Why did Adrian seem so different to her right now? 
He decided to give up a pack! No other Alpha would leave a piece of land for another Alpha, so thinking about giving a whole pack to the woman’s brother who had divorced him and kept rejecting him was impossible. 
“So the decision is final. I am not taking over the Blue Blood Pac-” 
Jason could not complete his sentence, and he paused when his eyes fell outside the house. 
A few cars came to a stop outside the house. 
Alpha Adrian stepped out of one of the cars. He walked inside the house like a king had entered. Even if someone did not know him, he could be recognized by his aura. 
Natalia’s family bowed to him slightly. 
Jason looked at Adrian with a warm smile and greeted him with a bow. 
“Alpha Adrian, it’s been a long time.” 
C 
###Adrian looked at Jason calmly; his eyes were serene. 
“No need to bow to me anymore. You are the head Alpha of another pack. I am no longer your Alpha,” Adrian said to Jason, then glanced at his parents and 
Eric. 
Adrian gave them a nod and roamed his gaze around until they paused on the woman standing near the couch. 
Natalia immediately looked away from him. He moved his gaze and fixed his eyes on Jason again. 
J 
Jason looked at Adrian carefully. He had always despised this man and considered him a criminal who had ruined his sister’s life. However, everyt changed, and now he had a feeling that only this an was able to handle his 
sister. 
He was the best match for his sister, and fate did not make the wrong decision 
for them as it made them mates. 
When Eric told him this morning about Natalia and Max being together, he did not want to accept the fact. However, it was his sister’s life. He would never make her personal decision. She had suffered a lot in her life, and he had not right to make this big decision in her life, 
“Alpha, I never thought I would bow to you. But what you did for my family is really unbelievable. Thank you for taking care of them in my absence. About the pack, that’s your pack now. I can’t accept it.” 
Adrian was silent for a moment, then signaled them to the couches. 
“Will you not at least allow me to sit?” 
Jade immediately spoke up, believing he was correct and that the gesture was disrespectful to a head Alpha. She said, 
“Alpha, please take a seat. I am setting up the breakfast table. Please don’t leave today without having a meal with us.” 
Adrian did not deny it and gave her a nod. Jade felt relieved and went to the kitc 
Everyone sat on the couch except Natalia She remained standing where ahe had been for the entre time Adrian did not give her another glance, either. 
“I didn’t accept your submission for forever I thought to give it back before accepting it. I never went to the war with the intention of grabbing it from you and your family You were sick, and your Safety was important, so I did not declare it before I had some problems with your sister about the children. That was why I behaved rudely with your parents. I apologize.” 
Alpha Martin shook his head in response. “What you are doing is more than enough. We should thank you.” 
Adrian told Jason that he would have to take over his pack again because it was his decision. He had no desire to take control of that pack, so he handed it over to Jason. 
Jason was left with no other option but to comply with Adrian’s de ion. He assured Adrian that he would never forget that and that he would be there to assist him whenever he required assistance. 
Jade called them for breakfast, and the breakfast table was really silent. 
To break the silence, Adrian asked Jason about his health. He said Max was a really good healer who saved Jason’s life. 
“I heard from Eric about the misunderstandings. Gamma Jeremy planned. everything to ruin your life by fixing his real daughter with you,” Jason said. noveldrama
Natalia was quiet all the time, but when she heard her brother, she paused eating and glanced at Adrian. 
###Adrian did not look at anyone and replied, 
“That was not only his fault. I am equally at fault here. I ruined your sister’s life, and she has been suffering for me all these years.” noveldrama
Natalia got up from her chair and said, 
“I’m leaving for the coffee shop.” 
Everyone looked at her, except Adrian. It was as if he was avoiding looking at her. 
She turned around and left the dining room. She went out of her house and stood there for a while. 
She did not know why she could not take a step forward. She left ti because she did not want to hear about their past again. 
able 
If her brother decided to take over the Blue Blood Pack again, that meant they would leave this pack soon. 
She also wanted to leave this pack. It was because she wanted to go back to her old life again. She did not want to remain here to face her past again and again. 
She unhurriedly checked her bag and realized that she had forgotten to take her phone. Before leaving her room, she thought to take it from there, but right now, she did not want to go inside her house, 
She could not call a cab, so she decided to walk to the bus stop. 
She was walking down the street, thinking about her future. In her mind, she was ready to tell Max about what had happened during her heat. There was no way she would put that man in the dark. 
She felt ashamed that she had a boyfriend, but still, she pulled another man close to her. She was in her right mind and did that. Why did she do that? That one night changed everything, including her relationship. She felt she had cheated on Max. 
Si was aware that Max would end their relationship. But she could not deny he had helped her brother and Eric. Every doctor had said Jason would 
die. However, Max was the only one who helped her brother recover. She would have to thank him first before confessing about the night. 
When she got to the bus stop, she was about to take a seat and wait for a bus. 
At that time, a car came to a stop beside her. 
She turned around and saw Adrian stepping down from the back door. 
She looked at him, not knowing why he was here. Did she stand outside her house for so long that he had already finished breakfast and arrived at the bus stop? 
Adrian’s eyes met hers. She felt her heart race. She turned her gaze away from him and asked, 
“Is there anything you would like to tell me? Where are you here?” 
Adrian stepped toward her and stopped just inches from her. 
She noticed he had a folder in his hand. She frowned when he gave it to her. She grabbed the folder and asked, 
“What is this?” 
He replied with a calm tone, 
“The custody of my children.” 
She raised her gaze at him. “Why are you giving me these papers? They are already with you.” 
He did not move his eyes from her and muttered, 
“I gave you custody. You are free to live with your children.” 
D 
###Natalia was shocked. “W–What?” 
She immediately opened the folder and began to read what was written inside 
1. it. 
She saw that Adrian was telling the truth. She could now live with her children. She was not required to wait for three days of each week to pass before she could see her children again. She could see them whenever she wanted. 
“Your family is leaving this pack tonight.” 
Natalia froze when she heard that. She looked at him and asked, “Tonight?” 
“Do you want to leave right now?” he asked with an upset tone. 
She 
could see he did not look happy. However, the expressive nature that he had been possessing for all of these months had dried up, and he had evolved into a man who did not show his feelings to other people. 
Adrian took a deep breath, as if it were tough for him to remain calm. He cleared his throat and said, 
“I realized I hurt to the extent that there is no way to repair your heart for me. You said you would be happy without me, and I granted your wish. I like to see you happy. So even if it means to let you go, I will not take a step back to make you happy.” 
She blinked her eyes when she felt something pierce in the corner of her eyes. 
Didn’t she want that? So, why did she feel like her heart was in pain inside? 
She looked away from him and handed the folder to him. 
“Of course, I will leave tonight if my family is going to leave. However, I can not bring Noah and Aria along with me at this time. They need their father more than me. I can’t snatch their rights from them.” 
Adrian held the folder and nodded at her without replying to her. 
e mumbled, “Have a good life then.” 
When he turned around, it was as if they were saying their goodbyes and everything had come to an end between them. 
Despite the fact that she felt her throat itching to let out a word, she managed to speak out. 
“Another thing.” 
He stopped and slowly turned to her. “Yes?” 
“If I leave your pack tonight, I am not sure when I will come back. But if I want to meet them, please send them to me.” 
“They are your children. You can see them whenever you want.” 
She nodded and shifted her gaze away from him. He did not move his eyes. 
She glanced at him and spoke again. 
“You are not alone but single a father. Marry a good woman who will accept your children. Even if you have heirs in the future, remember that Noah is the rightful owner of the pack. Love him and Aria equally with your other children.” noveldrama
Adrian gave her a bitter smile and replied, 
“I will never get married again. That’s why I will never reject you as my mate, either. But you are allowed to move on and let another man mark you in order to break the mate bond. I promise that I will never cross your path again. I hope you get everything you deserve in your life.” 
###Natalia saw Adrian’s car drive away from the bus stop. She closed her eyes and thought in her head. 
‘This was what I wanted all these times, I wanted to stay away from him and he is now doing the exact thing. I should be happy that now I can live my life by myself. My family got back their lost pack. My children got what they deserved and would be powerful under their father’s shadow, they got the name of their father too. I don’t need anything else. I can live a peaceful life now.” 
She took a bus and went to the coffee shop. When she left her house, she thought of joining the coffee shop as an employee again. But now, she would have to go there to resign. 
That one vacation changed everything. It caused her to betray Ma her brother woke up after she came back, she would have to leave her pack her children. 
al 
When she arrived at the coffee shop, she entered with a sad smile. She would have to say goodbye to Liana. She was like a mother figure to her. 
As soon as Natalia went inside, she saw an unfamiliar young woman standing behind the counter. 
With a surprised look, Natalia closed the glass door behind her. The bell rang over her head, indicating that someone had entered the shop. 
The woman turned her gaze at her and smiled at her. 
“You must be Natalia Hansley, right?” 
Natalia was more surprised when she looked at the woman’s face. She looked quite like her. But they had different faces. It was their eyes and their jaws, which were quite similar. 
“You are?” Natalia asked, walking toward her. 
“Hello, I am Lily. The shop owner, Liana’s daughter,” the woman replied. 
“Oh, you are her daughter!” 
F ulia smiled at her and stopped near the counter. “So finally, you are back! Your mom really works hard for you. It’s great to meet you finally.” 
Lily shook her head. “Well, I am grateful to meet you actually. You are from a royal family, yet you work with my mom. You helped her a lot. She always talks about you.” 
At that time, Liana came out of the changing room. Her face brightened when she looked at Natalia. She came to hug her and introduce Lily to her. They said. they had already introduced each other. 
Liana stroked Natalia’s hair and said, 
“We resolved all the paperwork. We can work together again.” 
Natalia lowered her head and mumbled, noveldrama
“I can’t. I am going back to my old pack.” 
Liana’s hand paused on her head. She slowly moved her hand from her head and reached for her hand. 
“Will you leave this pack forever?” 
Liana appeared to be very upset. But she also knew that Natalia was a royal woman, so working on her shop was temporary for her. 
Lily told them to sit and talk. She turned to the change the tag of the shop from close to open, and made two cups of coffee for her mother and Natalia. 
Natalia thanked Lily when she was going to the changing room to wear an 
apron. 
“Anytime. I think I should help mom as long as I am here in this pack. I will leave in two months,” Lily replied. 
Natalia smiled at her in response. Lily went to the changing room, and Natalia got busy talking with Liana. 
At that time, someone entered the coffee shop. Natalia and Liana turned their heads to the door. 
Natalia rose up from her chair when she saw Max. 
“Max? You are back!” 
www 
“Wh 
were you? I called you so many times,” Max said. 
20 
67 
“I forgot my phone at home,” she replied quickly. 
She was nervous that she would have to tell him the truth now. 
“You two can sit. I am going to make a coffee for you,” Liana said to Max, standing up. 
Max had just nodded at Liana and made his way toward Natalia. 
However, Natalia caught something strange when Max froze his movement. 
His eyes changed color as he sniffed something in the air. As just Lily came out of the changing room, Max let out a growl. 
“Mate!” 
D 
###Natalia was taken aback. She slowly turned her head toward Lily, who looked frozen at the door of the changing room. 
“Mate?” Natalia mumbled as she was confused by the situation. 
Was Lily Max’s mate? 
She thought the reason behind Lily’s shocked face was because she heard a stranger calling her his mate. 
However, when Natalia shifted her gaze back to Max, she saw a surprise in Max’s eyes as well. It was not a shock but a surprise to see someone familiar. 
Max hurried to Lily and grabbed her arms. 
“It’s been a while. Where have you been? I have been looking for “ou 
everywhere. Why did you just disappear?” 
Natalia froze when she heard Max’s words. Her brows furrowed as something flashed through her memories. 
She recalled the night when Max entered the coffee shop for the first time. He was drunk, and he said the same things to her. 
Her eyes widened when she moved her gaze toward Lily. It looked like Max’s words were the same at both times. 
Did that mean that night Max thought of this woman when he told her those 
words? 
Did he approach her because this woman and she looked alike? 
Natalia was too shocked to react. 
Lily looked away from Max and mumbled, 
“I went abroad. I wanted to do something in my life. I didn’t know you would wait for me.” 
Lilana grabbed Max’s hand and pushed him away from her daughter. 
“W” t are you saying? You are Natalia’s boyfriend.” 
“But your daughter is my mate,” Max said back. 
“How can it be possible? You are with someone else now. You can’t ruin my daughter’s life. Reject her.” 
“NO.” noveldrama
Max’s wolf growled as he took over him. 
Natalia was speechless. She was nervous to tell Max about her heat. However, it looked like fate had already planned something else. In fact, it made it easier for her to break up. 
She stared at Max and saw how he was looking at his mate. 
She took a deep breath and spoke up, 
“I think we need to talk.” 
As if Max had realized what he just said and did, he slowly tu d to Natalia. 
“Natalia…” 
“Let’s talk.” 
Max came out of the coffee shop with her. With his head low, he kept quiet for a long time. 
Natalia folded her arms across her chest. She was very upset with Max. It was not because he found his mate and wanted to accept her. 
It was because of the reason he had approached her in the first place. 
“It’s true. I approached you because you look like her. I loved her for a long time. But before I could confess to her, she left the pack. I tried to contact her, roaming around the world. But I could not get in touch with her because her mother never revealed where she was.” 
Natalia stared at him, not knowing what to say. She let out a shaky breath. 
She was hurt that she thought Max genuinely liked her. Little did she know, he always thought of her as a substitute for Lily. 
She could not get mad at him either, because this man saved her brother’s life. 
+15 ROHUS 
“I am sorry, Natalia. Please forgive me. I can’t…” he muttered. 
Natalia smiled at him and patted his shoulder. 
“You saved my brother’s life. Thank you for coming into my life like a miracle. If you hadn’t agreed to help me, Jason would have died.” 
Max looked at Natalia with sad eyes. He liked Natalia, although he thought of her as Lily. However, now that Lily had come back and turned out to be his mate; he could not let her leave again. 
“I came back to this pack in a hurry only for your brother. I heard the news of him taking over his pack again. So I was concerned about his health and returned here.” 
“Thank you, Max.” 
Natalia took a few steps back. Max shut his eyes, as everything had changed in a few days. 
“I–I am really sorry, Natalia.” 
D 
###“It’s okay. I also did something that would have led you to break up with me anyway. I don’t want to lie. I was in the heat the night before yesterday. Adrian was with me that night,” Natalia uttered. 
Max’s brows lifted in surprise. However, he controlled himself as he realized it was time to let her go. 
“I always want to protect you. But that guy really loves you. I am a man, and I know other men’s intentions. He cares for you. He once warned me about. digging up my past so that I could leave you. I didn’t take his warning that seriously. But now I realize he must have learned my love for Lily. In fact, he was the one who made me remain in my pack so that he could spend the vacation with you.” 
Juse of 
Natalia recalled that Lily had to come back to this pack suddenly ! the shop issue. Max told her a few days ago that his workload was getting heavier, unusually. He had even told her that another Alpha called him for help unnecessarily. 
“We are over, Max. You can be with your lost love again. Mark her and marry her to give her a good life. You are a gentleman,” Natalia said with a smile. 
Max nodded his head and replied, 
“I think you should also return to your love. I was your boyfriend, but I always felt empty inside because you were never mine. You gave me a chance, but I never forgot the man you once loved. It’s your thought that you hate him. But in reality, you still love him, Natalia.” 
Natalia did not respond to his reamrks. She inhaled deeply and said goodbye to Max. She then took her leave from Liana and wished Lily a happy life with Max. She understood that Lily also loved Max. It was good that she did not come between two ex lovers. 
She went to the pack house before going back to her house. She met Adrian’s parents. Lucas was upset that she was leaving. She met Grace, who was sick. 
Grace hugged her and told her that she would always be grateful to her for saving her son. 
Natalia met her children. She thought Noah and Aria would cry that she was 
leaving the pack. 
But, to her surprise, they did not shed tears. Instead of crying, they said, 
“Dad said Mommy also has a life too.” 
“We can go to meet Mommy anytime we want. We promise Dad that we will not cry.” 
Natalia pulled them closer and cried. She did not want to leave anymore after seeing them, but she would have to leave. 
She told them to take care of themselves. She told them to always obey their 
father. 
Like good children, they promised her that they would not bother anyone. 
While making her way to the entrance, she met Adrian’s officials. 
“My Alpha did wrong with you, but he tried to make everything right too. I hope you won’t hold any grudges against him in the future,” Patric said. 
She shook her head and replied, “I will not. When I cross the border, I will leave. my past here.” 
When she walked out of the pack house, she found Adrian’s driver waiting for 
her with his car. 
“Alpha ordered me to drop you at your house.” 
Natalia turned to the pack house and looked at it for the last time. She waved her hands at her children and Adrian’s parents, then got in the car and left. 
Tears rolled down her eyes as the car moved out of the pack house. 
She could not notice that someone was watching her from a window on the noveldrama
second floor. 
His serene eyes turned blurry as they kept fixed on the iron gate from where his car had left. 
“Dad, Mommy left.” 
Noah’s v…e caused him to blink his eyes. He turned around and saw his two children. 
He kneeled down toward them and pulled them into his embrace. 
“Dad is sorry that he could not fulfill his promise. He could not give your mommy back to you.” 
Aria and Noah shed tears while hugging their father. They were trying to be strong in front of their mother, but when she left, they broke down. 
Adrian hugged them tightly and consoled them. 
“Don’t cry. It’s your dad’s fault. He made your mommy upset in the past. From now on, he will not be with her, and she will never cry either.” 
P 
###Days passed as everyone got back to their old lives. But a person could not move on in his life, and that was Adrian Miller. 
It felt as though he had lost the aura that used to envelop everyone around him. The last few days, he was not doing well. 
He seemed to feel strange inside him, and that was his wolf’s reaction. His wolf was slowly losing his strength. He could not heal his wounds like before. It took time for him to heal and recover from his physical pain. 
Whenever he tried to talk to his wolf, he only wanted one thing, his m 
Adrian could not give that to him. Because he had let Natalia go. He wanted to give her a free life where she would not have any fear of him, where she did not have to lose her happiness for him. 
Aria and Noah were doing well. They often went to meet their mother and stay in the Blue Blood Pack with her for a few days. So it was easy to handle the children for Adrian. 
But Adrian’s mother was getting sicker with each passing day. It really worried him every day. 
Harold told him that he was trying his best to help his mother. 
Once Max met Adrian to talk about Lily since she was this pack’s member and he was her mate. Adrian permitted him to take his mate with him to his pack. That time, Max gave him a cure to help his mother. Though it worked for a few days, later his mother’s body could not accept the cure. Her body began to get side effects from it. 
As the weather was sunny and the wind was warm, the black car crossed the border of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
The car was heading to the Blue Blood Pack. 
Adrian’s eyes were fixed on the changing landscape. He decided to come to this pack to meet someone. He thought about it for a while, until last night he made the decision to step into this pack. 
s late at night when the car came to a stop in front of an old house. 
19 
Adrian got out of the car with Beta Patric. He walked toward the house. 
“I stopped keeping an eye on him since you let go of this pack,” Patric stated while looking at the door. 
Adrian pressed the doorbell, waiting for someone to open the door. 
An old man opened the door and looked at who had come. His eyes brightened when he noticed who it was. 
“Alpha Adrian?” 
Adrian looked at the old man. He did not change much. It had been nearly a year since he last saw him. He still looked strong. 
“Qadir.” 
The old man stepped aside to let him enter his house. Adrian and Patric entered the house. 
Adrian went to sit on a couch. Patric sat next to him. Qadir walked to the kitchen and prepared two cups of coffee for them. 
He was so old, but he was living all by himself. So it was not too much work for him. He had a habit of staying like that. 
Adrian glanced at the coffee but did not touch it while Patric sipped on it. 
“I came to talk to you,” Adrian said. 
Qadir sat on a couch and gave Adrian a mysterious smile. “I told you last time that you would have to come to me.” 
Adrian recalled the day when he met Qadir. That time, he was arrogant. He did not believe him. But today he had to come back to him. 
Adrian lowered his head and muttered, 
“It’s getting hard for me to stay alive like this. How long will I live with this punishment?” 
Patric gulped as he saw his Alpha breaking down. He also lowered his head, as he had no opinion about this. 
Qadir let out chuckle as he said, 
“You are too late. If a bird flies from a cage, do you think it will ever come back. to it?” 
Adrian lifted his gaze to look at Qadir. 
“I tried to stay away from her. I will try to do that until my death. I want her to stay happy.” 
“I know.” 
Patric cleared his throat and asked, 
“Adrian’s health is not good. Do you have any solutions for it?” 
Qadir heard him and thought for a moment, then replied, “My child, I a doctor.” 
Adrian lifted his hand to stop Patric from asking anything further. He questioned Qadir, noveldrama
“Is there any way I can change my fate?” 
“No.” 
not a 
Adrian nodded at him and rose up from the couch. “It’s okay. I’m leaving then.” 
Patric also stood up to leave. However, Qadir got to his feet and said something to stop Adrian from moving. 
“Danger is rushing toward you. It will be the toughest moment of your life. It will decide whether you die or fate will give you a second chance.” 
###A Few Months Later 
Adrian was having dinner with his children. He was all alone with them in the dining room. Since his mother was sick, she always had meals with his father in their room. 
Aria and Noah were getting bigger day by day. Adrian loved to spend his time. with them. In his life, he had only one thing, and that was giving his time to his children. They were the apples of his eyes. 
“Dad, can we go to meet Mommy tomorrow?” Aria asked. 
Adrian looked at Aria. Her smile was enough to persuade him. He shifted his gaze at Noah, whose head was down. 
Noah was getting training daily. He was growing up to be the best Alr 
“Sure,” Adrian replied. 
Aria got down from her chair and hugged Adrian. He kissed on the tip of her forhead and said that he was fine with any time they wanted to go to meet their mother. 
He was not unaware of Natalia. She returned to her job as the CEO of the pack company of the Blue Blood Pack. Jason had returned to his health, and both of the siblings were doing good jobs and maintaining their responsibilities well. He heard she was not with any other man yet. But, like always, men were after her. 
As he was having dinner with his children, the door of the dining room flung 
open. 
Gamma Benjamin rushed inside. Adrian frowned at him. “What happened?” 
Behind Benjamin, all of Adrian’s officials entered the dining room. 
“Alpha, someone attacked our pack.” 
Adrian’s frown eased as he rose up from the chair. He looked at his two children and grabbed their hands. 
“Go back to your room and don’t come out until your grandpa tells you,” he told 
them, and dashed over to their room from the dining room. 
He kissed their foreheads and said, 
“Don’t forget that you both are strong. Don’t forget to support your mommy in every situation.” 
They could not understand why their father was saying that. They knew about wars because they learned about them in school. They began to cry, but Adrian told Amanda to handle them since she was now in charge of taking care of them. noveldrama
Adrian closed the door of his children’s room as he came out of the room. He 
looked at his officials. 
Their heads were down. For the first time, Adrian saw fear in their eyes. 
“Why are you all scared?” he asked, making his way to his parents‘ room. 
His officials followed him behind. Theta Emon murmured while walking, 
“Alpha, we are ready to fight. But what about your health…” 
Adrian turned to him and replied, “Until my death, I will look after my pack members. They are my responsibility.” 
After saying that, he went to his parents room. His mother was sleeping, so he did not wake her up. 
He talked to his father alone in the room for a while. 
“Are you sure, my son?” Alpha Lucas asked. 
Tears were visible in his eyes. Adrian hugged him and said, 
“Trust me. Your son will not lose the battle. Even if I die, this pack will always be my family’s home.” 
D 
###After taking his homes from fie fall, Adijen halt the puds houen with hum 
the 
Jan batt 
the 
fightern 
But of the pack house, all of the pach flere were waiting for him to lead the 
They were going in the war Adian ditut Innw how another Alpha dared to stland his parch But he bow that senede very cows had ravented lie seert alad his health in the opponite party Oderwien, who had the audacity to allah Alpha Aditan’s pack? I was clen hat they knew his woll was sick and weak night now 
When Aditan went close to the border, Beanw many wolves, grewling at him 
His eyes turned red ne he chin 
They were taken aback 
They thought Alpha Adian could not shift. They were not aware of his stren vel 
Addan ran toward the wolves. He killed whoever come into his sight noveldrama
And the war began 
So many wolves started fighting each other. The blue sky turned dark under the black clouds, Under the sky, the whole forest turned red with the blood of the wolven 
The black giant wall caught everyone’s bention. Anyone could see Adrian from afar beenuse of his large body. His black fur was moving with the wind no he ran forward. He ploread his sharp teel on a wolf’s neck while his claws digged their bodies. 
Adrian lost his temper, as he did not let go of any chance and killed every single wolf who came to fight 
He learned that it was Alpha Maxwell from the west side. He attacked his pack with more than thousands of pack fighter 
Adrian had re 
fighters. He knew he would win the war 
He did not show any mercy to others and kept fighting for his pack. When he reached Alpha Maxwell, he wanted to kill him. 
But suddenly, Maxwell’s beta threw a wooden stake toward his Alpha. 
Maxwell grasped the stake with his teeth since he was also in his wolf form, and rushed toward Adrian. 
Adrian tried to dodge, but he pierced the stake in his arm. It did not look like a normal stake. 
Adrian’s whole body froze as an unfamiliar pain shot through his body. 
He glanced at the stake and saw his blood coming out of his arm. His arm became numb immediately, demonstrating that it was filled with poison. 
Adrian frowned when he realized that it was the technique Alpha Leo sed in the last war when he tried to kill Jason. Everything did not seem to fit w…. Adrian. 
Adrian growled in anger and bit on the stake, then pulled it out of his arm. It caused him to feel numb. 
“Who sent you here?” 
Adrian asked Maxwell in the mindlink. 
Maxwell thought he had won the war, so he laughed and replied, 
“Someone who helped us destroy you. You will die very soon. The poison in the stake is the same poison that has been inside your body all these times. You are going to see your death, Alpha Adrian.” 
###As Maxwell jumped on Adrian to kill him as soon as possible, Adrian scoffed and hit him with his head.
His canines were sharp as a knife, and he walked to Maxwell, who had just fallen a little far by the push.
His men came Adrian's way to stop him. But Adrian bit them while limping because he almost lost one leg's strength because of the stake.
With the strength of three legs, the black wolf made his way to the gray wolf.
Before Maxwell could stand up to attack him again, Adrian bit his neck to lift him up and then smashed his body to the ground.
*Alpha Adrian will protect his pack till his death," he said to Maxwell.
All of Adrian's officials rushed toward him when they noticed him biting Maxwell.
Blood gushed out of Maxwell's head, and he would die in a few minutes. But with pain in his head, Maxwell said to Adrian,
"We merged three packs to kill you. You can kill me, but what about the other two? They are coming in your way. Soon they will attack you and kill you."
Gamma Benjamin growled at Maxwell and bit his leg, then tore it apart from his body in anger. Meanwhile, the others tried to kill Maxwell's officials.
Adrian stared at Maxwell until he died on the ground.
The war stopped when one of the two Alpha lost his life.
All the pack fighters of Alpha Maxwell had no other option but to submit to Adrian to save their lives, and they hailed for him since he had become their new Alpha.
The night passed in the forest as Adrian did not return to the border.
Rather than going back home, he decided to go forward with his fighters. Because he did not take Alpha Maxwell's words lightly. He prepared his men to fight again for the next day.
As Maxwell said, another pack's Alpha came after Adrian. But Adrian had to fight not only for his pack but also for his life. The poison that spread on his body by the stake moved really fast. He could not kill the second Alpha but only injured him. That Alpha ran away from the war in fear of his life; however, he did not forget to damage Adrian's health more.
The next two days were really difficult for Adrian.
The atmosphere of war did not ease. He was not in the Crystal Blood Pack but in the Moon Phillip Pack. He won the pack by killing Maxwell, but other Alphas would come here to kill him very soon. He intentionally did not go back to his pack, the reason was that he wanted to save his family.
*Adrian, what should we do now? Your health is getting worse every passing hour," Beta Patric said with a cold heart.
He was worried for his Alpha and his best friend. He could not believe how everything was going so wrong. As everyone set up tents in the middle of the forest and sought refuge there, they were inside one of the tents.
Adrian leaned his back against the wall of the tent.
"Your Alpha is dying," Adrian said with a chuckle.
*Alpha, please don't say that we will save you," Gamma Benjamin said.
Theta Emon and Delta Julian stood in a corner with their heads low. If it were about fighting, they would have tried to win it, but it was about Adrian's health, they were losing it. The poison was numbing his body slowly. He shifted back after facing many difficulties. If the war continued and he would shift to his wolf form once again, it would be the end for him.
Adrian stared out of the tent into the pitch-black sky. There was a smile on his face, which hurt his officials. *Delta Julian."
"Yes, Alpha?"
Everyone calmly waited for Adrian to command something about the war, but all four were shocked when they heard Adrian's statement.noveldrama
"Go back to the Crystal Blood Pack and announce that their Alpha is going to die."
"W-What?" Patric asked, stuttering as he could not believe his words.
Adrian turned his gaze from the sky, looked at Julian, and then commanded him.
"Announce it to my whole pack that Alpha Adrian has stepped down from his position and declared a new Alpha of their pack. I talked to Dad before coming to the war. Just go to him and tell him to declare it. Remain by his side when he will declare it as a witness on behalf of your Alpha."
"Who is the new Alpha? Noah? But he is too small to="
Adrian shifted his gaze at Patric, which caused him to stop talking. Adrian took a deep and shaky breath, then replied,
"Natalia Hansley will be the new Alpha of my pack."
###The morning was not so good for Natalla. It was because her wolf had been reacting strangely for the p reacting strangely for the past few days. She had no idea why her wolf started howling inside her without any reason. 
Whenever she asked her wolf about it, she only replied, noveldrama
“I want my mate.” 
Natalia could not forget Adrian. She took over the pack company again. But her mind could not focus on her work and was instead thinking about the night of her heat. She could not think of anyone else or move on. It was like her life was paused after coming back to this pack. 
Her children came to meet her every month. Sometimes they talked about their as passing his father. She could not help but feel curious about how Adria days. 
It was because of his words that she could not forget- “I will never marry anymore. For me, you will always be my wife.” 
Natalia let out a deep breath as she thought her day started like a daily one. But the door of her room flung open. 
She turned around and found Eric. His eyes were wide as if he was frustrated. 
“What happened?” Natalia asked him immediately after looking at his 
expression. 
“Natalia, let’s go do 
go downstairs hurriedly. There is something you have to know.” 
After saying that, Eric grabbed her hand and dragged her downstairs. 
Natalia was taken aback by his action. When she came downstairs, she saw 
Delta Julian. 
“Julian?” she mumbled with confusion. 
Jason looked at Natalia carefully and said, 
“Nata” Adrian has declared you the new Head Alpha of his pack.” 
Natalia frowned at him. “What are you saying?” 
Jason glanced at his parents, then shifted his gaze to Natalia again. 
“Adrian’s health is not so good. He is injured, and maybe…” 
Natalia’s eyes widened as they turned blurry. “Maybe what, brother?” 
Her heart shattered into pieces when she heard her brother again. 
“Adrian is dying. Before his death, he wants to hand over his position, so he has declared that you are the new Head Alpha in his pack. Only his pack and we know about it. 
Natalia shook her head in disbelief. “No, it’s not possible. He can’t die,” she murmured, taking a few steps backwards. 
Everyone in Natalia’s family felt terrible for Adrian. Delta Julian lowered his head in sadness. He could not express how helpless he and other officials were. They tried to talk to Harold, but it seemed like there was no one who could help Adrian now. 
“I am going to send my men into the war to help him in the war. But I am afraid that it would not change the fact that his body is injured. Delta Julian said his whole body is currently full of poison. Only a healer can try to cure him. However, I heard Max say that he could not help him. It was not under his control anymore.” 
Natalia’s brows raised when she heard his brother. “Poison? but-” 
Delta Juliana interrupted her and told her everything about Adrian’s sudden health issue that started a few months ago. 
“We are helpless to see our Alpha like this,” Delta Julian said, tightening his fists. 
Natalia felt tears stream out of her eyes. She wiped her tears and said, 
“Take me to him.” 
Everyone was stunned. 
“But it’s a war going on there,” Jade said to her daughter. 
Natalia shook her head and replied, 
“Mom, I can’t stay here quietly, thinking about how to rule his pack after his 
death. I can’t see him die.” 
Delta Julian opposed it as he said, “You are now our head Alpha. If you go to the war and anything happens to you, we will lose the pack.” 
Natalia gave him a bitter smile. “I will not let him die when I am still alive.” 
Delta Juliana’s brows lifted as he immediately bowed to her in respect. 
“I’m coming with you. He helped us once; it’s time to return his help,” Jason said to Natalia. 
Natalia looked at Jason and stopped him by saying, 
“Brother, please. You need to be here. You need to take care of Adrian’s parents and his children.” 
Natalia took her leave from her family and left their pack house. 
She shifted with Delta Julian and began to run for the Moon Phillips Pack, where Adrian was. 
While running as fast as she could, Natalia thought in her head, 
“I am coming for you, Adrian. Please don’t die.” 
D 
###“Adrian, I can’t believe you love her this much. You made her your pack’s head Alpha! I mean, we can understand her brother. He had no other options but you. But you did it out of love. You knew she would move on with another man, but still, you gave her the power to rule your pack,” Beta Patric said.. 
He was sitting with Adria in their tent. The night was very cold, and Delta Julian had not returned from the Crystal Blood Pack yet. 
They took shelter in a side of the forest that was close to a village. Since Adrian won the pack and had become the head Alpha, they managed to give everything in their hands to help him and the pack fighters. 
that 
the 
They sent them clothes, food, and drinks. Everyone was surprised villagers were happy to get Adrian as their new Alpha. It was because their old Alpha never cared for them or even did anything for their village’s 
development. They were living very poor lives, yet they helped Aurian and the pack fighters. 
There was a silence inside the tent as Adrian did not reply to Patric. He closed his eyes in agony. His whole body was burning with fever. The poison was spreading in his whole body very quickly. 
After some time, Beta Patric got to his feet. Adrian opened his eyes and looked at him. 
“Where are you going?” 
He saw Patric look in a hurry as he made his way to leave the tent. “I’m coming back.” 
“Is everything okay? Did they attack at this hour?” Adrian asked, trying to move. 
Patric shook his head and replied, 
“Calm down. Let me see. I think Julian has returned.” 
Adrian nodded his head and closed his eyes again. His pain was increasing with every breath. He did not say anything to his officials because tomorrow they would have to fight. 
Though his death was inevitable, he did not want the other Alpha to attack the 
what would парр 
believed Natalia would handle it. 
He had seen her power in the last war. 
Suddenly, a familiar scent reached his nostrils, which shook his wolf inside. He immediately opened his eyes and looked around. 
There was a hurricane lamb inside the tent. But outside, there was no light. So he could not see anything from inside the tent. He tried to glance outside the tent to make sure everything was okay. noveldrama
The tent was thick enough that no one could see what was happening around it; no one could see what was going on inside either. 
Adrian’s eyes flashed red for a moment as the scent got closer 
J closer. 
He was about to stand up, but before that, all of his officials opened the tent slightly. 
A silhouette of a giant wolf came into Adrian’s sight. His eyes widened when he realized who the wolf was. 
The black wolf entered the tent and turned to the officials. All the officials, including Patric, bowed to the wolf, left the tent, and closed it from outside. 
The wolf turned to Adrian and looked at him with dark blue eyes. 
Adrian’s raspy voice came out with a fear of danger. 
“Natalia? Why are you here?” 
###Natalla looked at Adrian as soon as she turned to him. Her wolf howled in front of him, showing the pain she was feeling after watching her mate in that state. 
As Natalia moved toward him in her wolf form, Adrian pulled her closer to him with his left hand to embrace her. 
“Why are you here? You shouldn’t have dome. Have you come here to meet me for the last time? I’m happy that you are here to see me. But you need to go back before the sun rises.” 
Natalia closed her eyes as soon as she felt his fingers graze her fur. She nuzzled his neck and smelled his scent. noveldrama
She realized that he had a high fever. She moved her head and gazed at him. 
Adrian cupped her face with his left hand. His right hand caught her attention, and there she saw his bandaged arm. 
Adrian patted her head and said, “Shift.” 
When he saw she was not even moving, he thought she did not want to shift in front of him. 
So he grabbed his blanket and wrapped it around her body. 
“You can shift now. I will not see your naked body. I promise.” 
He turned his head to the other side, assuring her that he had no bad intentions toward her. The man was on the edge of death. How could he even 
think that? 
Natalia shifted back and held the blanket around her body. She looked at Adrian carefully. She could see how pale he had become in a few months. He lost his glamorous appearance as the poison spread through his body. 
Adrian turned his head when he realized that she had shifted back. 
His eyes froze when he saw the woman sitting on her knees close to him. Her soft hands were holding the blanket, hiding her naked body from him. 
Her beauty felt blissful to his eyes. A smile appeared on his lips as he spoke, 
I 
“Are you angry that I made you my pack’s Alpha without your permission?” 
Natalia could not reply: Her even became tearful as she heard his weak volen She had never thought she would ever sep him in this condition. 
“You did not let out a word after coming here. Do you still hate me this much?” 
After saying thus, Adrian lifted his hand, but paused in the middle. He curled his fingers and decided not to touch hor. It was as if he was afraid of making her 
Natalia bit her bottom lip as tears rolled down her cheeks, 
“How dare you declare that you are dying 
Adrian’s brows rose when he heard her furious tone. “It’s true, I’m dying.” 
Natalia shook her head. “You won’t. How can you die so easily after aking me suffer all these years?” 
Adrian chuckled as he found her anger cute. He sighed and put his hand on her head. He rubbed her soft hair and said. 
“I need to tell you something.” 
“What?” she asked in a low tone. 
Adrian removed his hand from her head and leaned his head back against the tent. He looked into her eyes and said, 
“I accept everything was my fault. I am passing my last moments while thinking about you. Now my heart has also stopped waiting for you. It’s not that I am not in love with you anymore. But I no longer have the ability to get your back.” 
COIN BUNDLE get more tee bonus 
###Almost immediately after Adrian had finished his sentence, Natalia moved closer to him and encircled his torso with her arms. 
Adrian was taken aback by her action. He thought she had come here to scold him. 
While she was hugging him tightly, Natalia placed her head on his chest. 
The blanket slipped from her upper body as her breasts pressed against his bare chest. He was only wearing a pair of black joggers. 
“Stop talking like a fool. You still have every ability. Nothing happened to you,” she mumbled. 
Her words caused Adrian to experience a sharp pain in his chest. He was passing his last time well, and there was no hope in his hea o stay alive or fight back. However, the moment this woman embraced him, fear began to spread throughout his heart. It was the fear of leaving her. All of a sudden, he desired to stay alive and to be able to hold this woman in his arms forever. 
He reached out and grabbed the blanket that was rolled around her waist. He covered her bare back with the blanket and pressed his hand on her back. 
“Do you mean I still have a chance?” he asked with a laugh. 
She broke the hug and looked at him. Her hair cascaded down to cover her beautiful and soft bosoms. 
His gaze swept across her body before returning to her face. “Woman, you know that I am going to die, don’t you? Have you come here to tease me?” 
She hit his arm lightly. 
“Shut up.” 
Adrian groaned as if he were hurt. Natalia’s lips trembled as she hurriedly touched his right hand. 
“I am so sorry. Did it hurt?” 
Adrian shook his head and smiled at her. “I didn’t feel anything. I was just teasing you.” 
“You! At this stage, are you thinking of having fun?” 
He glanced at her hand, which was holding his right hand. 
“This hand turned numb. I am not feeling anything.” 
Natalia blinked as she tried to shove the tears away. noveldrama
Adrian wiped her tears with his finger and muttered, 
“Don’t cry. I know you are a soft–hearted woman. If anyone had been in my position, you would have felt the same way. It’s okay. Don’t be like this. You have to rule my pack. Be stronger. Just don’t give my throne to your future husband. I know you will love him, but I don’t want anyone else to rule that throne but you.” 
Natalia clenched her jaw. She never thought she would have to ask the question to him since she was the one who always talked about moving on. 
“Do you really think I will marry another man?” 
Adrian gently stroked her cheek with his knuckles and whispered, 
“I don’t want to say that, but I want you to find the best man who will give you the love that I could never give you in your life. Respect is very important in life. Find someone who will give you respect. 
D 
###Natalia chose to ignore his words because they caused her heart to feel hurt. She lowered her head and asked, 
“That day after my heat, I shouldn’t have said those things to you. I am sorry.” 
He shook his head in response. 
“Please don’t feel guilty for anything. I got what I deserved. Maybe it is my end. This is how fate decided to close my chapter. You said nothing wrong. I did the same to you and got back a little from you. There is nothing for you to 
apologize for. I took your card and kept it in my study room. Since I am dying, I can’t spend the money. You can use that for Aria and Noah though,” he said and chuckled. noveldrama
His remarks were causing Natalia deep emotional pain. It was like he was saying his last wishes to her. 
She could not help but realize that she still loved this man. 
She never forgot him. All of her life, she was only affected by one man, and that was him. 
How could she let him go now? 
“Natalia, I want to tell you that I have always loved you. You are the only woman in my heart, and I can not forgive myself for how I had ruined your life. If you can, please forgive me, thinking that it is my last wish.” 
Natalia kept crying while listening to his words. She did not stop her tears and let them flow out. 
Once again, Adrian wiped away her tears. 
“Don’t cry. I promised my children not to make their mother cry for me again.” 
Natalia nodded her head and wiped her tears away. She took a deep breath and said, 
“You asked me something a few months ago. I rejected you that time. Will you ask me that again? Maybe I will change my answer.” 
He laughed when he realized she was talking about the re–marriage proposal. 
“My baby, you missed the chance. Now the time is over.” 
She glared at him. “I am not kidding.” 
He shook his head and closed his eyes. “I can’t. You are lucky that you didn’t accept my proposal that day. Otherwise you will have to prepare yourself for becoming a widow right now.” 
“Adrian, I-” 
He cut her off and muttered with closed eyes, “No, you don’t have to sympathize with me. I don’t deserv-” 
But he could not complete his sentence because, before that, Natalia cupped his cheeks and crashed her lips on his. 
his 
Adrian’s body jolted when her soft and sweet lips touched his. He open eyes and looked at her kissing him. Her lips slowly moved on his, and her eyes were closed tightly. 
He could not control himself as he melted at the kiss. He pressed her body against his and kissed her back. 
Though he was sick, he did not miss the opportunity to kiss the woman of his life. He kissed her passionately. 
When he pushed his tongue inside her mouth she did not stop him. She played her tongue with his and ran her fingers on his bare chest. 
Her fingers froze on a wound, and she broke the kiss. She lowered her head and saw her claw marks on his chest. 
She slowly caressed her fingers on the marks. 
“I am sorry for that night. I lost my temper and hurt you in the war, where you only came to save me.” 
Her gaze returned to him, and she asked, 
“Didn’t you say you want me to heal your wound? I can heal it for you.” 
###Chapter 393
A smirk formed on his lips, and he shook his head.
"Natalia Hansley, are you in your heat again? Why are you seducing the man who is going to die? If you say you want to use me again, I can still help you, but my body is not in a good state right now. I am afraid the poison will harm you too."
He said those words with a sly grin, but Natalia could see the pain in his eyes.
She took a deep breath and said,
"Adrian, mark me."noveldrama
Adrian was stunned by her words. His smirk faded, and his brows furrowed.
"What are you saying?"
Natalia nodded her head. "Mark me. You need to heal yourself. If you mark me, I can heal your wounds by giving you my strength."
"No, no. I can't mark you. You have a life. You don't have to live as 'Alpha Adrian's mate' for your whole life. A mate bond can not save me."
Natalia scowled at him, but a few seconds later, her wolf took over as her eyes turned blue.
*Then don't forget your mate is an Alpha too. Let me mark you, Mate. Your mate is the biggest healer that every Alpha wants. Her blood is poison itself, which can cure her mate without any doubt."
Adrian's eyes turned red, indicating that his wolf also took over him.
*Healer?'
Soon after, their eyes turned back to black. Adrian shook his head in denial. "No, you don't have to save me. I am aware that you are the one who saved me in childhood. But now, you don't have to force yourself to be my mate just to save my life again.'
He grabbed her arm and moved her away from his body. "I am calling Benjamin. My gamma will take you back to your pack safely."
Natalia was also an Alpha. She did not like how he pushed her away from himself.
So before Adrian could call any of his officials, she moved closer and got up on his lap, straddling him.
He was stunned when he felt her naked body on his lap. The blanket was not covering her lower body anymore.
Her eyes turned blue when she wrapped her hands around his neck. She leaned close to his face and whispered, *Keep quiet and let me mark you, Adrian Miller.
He turned his head away. "I can't let this happen. I promised to free you from myself. How can I let you mark me and force you to stay in my life again? You don't love me anymore."
Natalia cupped his cheeks with her hands and turned his head to make him look at her.
She glared at him and said in anger,
'Did the poison spread to your brain as well? Why did I come here? To see you die? Can't you see that I also love you?"
Adrian froze as if all the pain and agony had left his body and heart in a second after hearing her.
"Do you still love me?"
She caressed her thumb on his cheeks and replied, "Yes, I still love you, you crazy man. All these times you
roamed around me; now that I have come to you, you are acting foolish."
He took a deep breath and asked,
'But I want to ask you something. Will my poison harm you?"
"No."
"What about my proposal?"
"You are taking advantage of this situation now. What a cunning man!"
He smirked at her. "Since you also love me, I can take a little advantage now, you know."
She smiled when she saw him getting back to himself.
"What about the proposal?" she asked.
Adrian kissed her lip and asked,
"Will you remarry me, Natalia Hansley?"
She lowered her head and replied,
"Yes, I will.'
Her reply drove him insane, as he was going to kiss her again. But she pressed his chest to push him.
"What happ-
Adrian could not complete but let out a groan when Natalia tilted her head and kissed his neck. Her canines emerged, piercing his neck and marking him as hers.
###
Adrian felt unbearable pain in his neck. It was as if her canine had a poison, and it ran down from his neck and spread throughout his whole body like a cure.
Adrian pulled her closer to him, pressing her naked body to his chest.
Slowly, he began to feel ease, and the pain was fading away.
But the mark arose inside him.
As soon as Natalia moved back after licking the mark, Adrian grabbed the back of her neck and kissed her.
Natalia could not deny that she was also aroused by marking him. It gave her a feeling of possession. She was an Alpha, and she marked her mate as hers.
She kissed him back while wrapping her hands around his neck.
She felt something bulge beneath her and poke her bottom. She froze as she stopped kissing him.
She looked at him as sudden shyness rushed inside her. She was so engrossed in marking him that she did not realize how boldly she was sitting on his lap, naked.
She tried to move, but he groaned and grabbed her waist to keep her unmoved.
"I didn't mean to seduce you in this state. You are injured right now, so-
*Fuck my injury. I can't control myself when my mate is here sitting on my lap naked."
Adrian twisted their bodies, which caused her to lay on the ground over the blanket that had fallen from her body a few minutes ago.
"What about others? They will come here."
Adrian kissed her chin and muttered,
"No one will dare enter without my permission. Nor will anyone see what's happening inside. Just allow me to have you now. If I stay alive, I will mark you mine after our remarriage."
Natalia nodded her head in response.
The night was very long.
The flame inside the hurricane lamp moved just like the two bodies moved with each other.
They were no longer a divorced couple, but had become mates. One marked her mate, and the other would mark her after marrying her again with respect.
They made love all night, finally finding love after so many years of suffering.
When Natalia woke up, she found herself on Adrian's chest. His left arm was protectively holding her.
Natalia looked at his handsome face and realized that the heaviness in her heart that she had been holding all these years had finally vanished.
She realized that this man really loved her a lot. All the things that had happened were not all his fault, but the misunderstandings and the gameplay of their fates. But finally, they were together.
She could not believe she had accepted Adrian, and he also loved her so much. It felt like a dream to her. They had their children, and they would live a happy life from now on.
She glanced at Adrian's right arm. She slowly moved Adrian's left hand and sat up. She gently touched his right hand and kissed the back of the hand.
"Is it still numb?" she muttered, knowing that he was asleep.
She leaned on his chest and kissed his wound.
"I believe it will also heal soon."
When she was about to move, a pair of hands grabbed her bare waist.noveldrama
She gasped when she saw him open his eyes.
"You were awake!"
He smiled at her and smooched on her lips. "Just a few minutes ago."
At that moment, Beta Patric opened the tent and came inside.
Adrian quickly covered Natalia's upper back, the only thing visible from Patric's side.
"What the hell, Patric?"
Patric did not look like in a sense to look at anywhere or think about anything. He immediately replied, "Come out faster. We are under attack!"
###After uttering those words, Patric hurried outside. 
Natalia looked at Adrian in shock and said, 
“You stay inside. I am going outside.” 
“No, I can move my left hand now. I will come with you.” 
“Then let me go first.” 
Natalia did not give Adrian time to think as she shifted into her wolf form and rushed outside. She had no time to find clothes and wear them. It was a war, and she would have to fight in her wolf form anyway. 
But as soon as she came out of the tent, she was stunned. 
The wolves were fighting each other. She saw a few men who had not shifted 
yet. 
She made her way to the men; however, she was shocked when she saw a familiar face. 
She could not help but speak in the mind link. 
“Harold!” 
Since she had recently become the head Alpha, everyone heard her and turned their heads to look at her. Every official was equally shocked to see Harold. They could not understand why he was there, or how he knew they were there. noveldrama
What confused everyone about him was that he was not standing alone but with the head Alpha of another pack. It was the third Alpha who was supposed to attack Adrian. 
Why was Harold with him? 
That Alpha was about to approach Natalia, but Harold stopped him and walked towards Natalia. 
“Look who’s here, our new head Alpha,” Harold said. 
Natal brows furrowed as her blue eyes baffled a little. 
SANOU B1+ 
“What are you doing here with this Alpha He is our pack’s enemy.” 
Harold let out a laugh. “Enemy? He is not your enemy. Do you know who your biggest enemy is? It’s me.” 
Natalia’s eyes widened. 
She heard growling beside her. Gamma Benjamin rushed toward Harold to attack him, but Harold pulled out a knife from his waistband and stabbed it in Benjamin’s arm. 
Benjamin groaned on the ground. Beta Patric and the other two officials were so angry that they went after Harold together. It caused Harold to take a few steps back. 
The other Alpha, who had come for the war, told his men to kill everyone, and the battle began. 
Natalia ignored Alpha and dashed in Harold’s direction. She could not believe Harold, whom she had thought of as a friend, was their enemy. 
But the question was, Why? 
Beta Patric dodged the knife attack and bit Harold’s leg. Harold managed to hurt Patric and others. 
“Harold, why are you doing this?” Natalia asked him. 
The officials stopped attacking Harold because they wanted to know the answer as well. 
Harold stood up and limped towards her. “I came here only to kill Alpha Adrian. Where is he? He must be lying somewhere, lifeless. But don’t worry, I won’t hurt you. Because after marrying you, I will become the leader of the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
“What are you saying?” Natalia asked with shock. 
Harold let out a dark laugh and replied, 
“You thought I was your well–wisher? No, dear. I was the one who planned everything. I am not Harold Reid, but Harold Pierce.” 
###Natalia froze in her place. 
“Pierce?” 
As if the officials were aware of what was going on, they rushed to the Alpha, who had arrived for the war, and attacked him. They fought with his officials and tried to kill the Alpha to stop the war 
Harold shrugged his shoulders, showing no concern for the Alpha being attacked. He answered Natalia by saying, 
“That is right, Pierce. Gamma Jeremy was my father, and you all killed him. I was the son of his first wife, but he never acknowledged that. I had his word. that he would assist me in taking control of the pack. But then that man betrayed me and wanted his daughter to be the Luna of this pack.” 
Natalia looked at Harold with disbelief. Harold did not stop, as he got a chance to say whatever was on his mind all these years. 
“I believe it is fortunate that my father and his family died together. Otherwise, he would continue to support Lynda. I helped her a lot by keeping the truth hidden. I was the one who changed your name into her name in the hospital report when Adrian’s father asked me about it. I lied to Adrian about Lynda’s health. I helped them keep the secret about your children from Adrian. I knew Adrian would accept those children years ago, but I was the one who 
manipulated you into believing Adrian would kill your children. I played with your mind and forced you to leave the pack. 
Though Natalia was in her wolf form, the shock was still visible in her eyes. 
“No, it’s not true,” she said in mindlink. 
Harold smirked at her and asked, 
“Do you want to know more? Adrian’s father was not that deadly sick. I lied to everyone and forced you to give me Max’s cure so that when I planned to kill your brother, no one could save him.” noveldrama
Natalia’s body trembled in shock. The more Harold was talking, the more she was getting broken inside. She used to believe this man and think that he was her and her children’s life savior. But it was the complete opposite. 
? IR BONUS 
7 was the one who informed Alpha Leo so that Adrian could go to your rescue and both of you could die in the war together. But my plan failed when Adrian returned after killing Alpha Leo I gave Alpha Leo those poisoned staked with the intention of killing you all. But that man was a loser, he could not fight and died ” 
“How could you, Harold? I thought you were my friend, Natalia mumbled to 
him in her mind link 
Harold shook his head, as if he considered her an idiot. 
“Friend? Oh, my dear, I will become your husband very soon. Do you know what the biggest thing I will do in my life is? I will kill your ex–husband. He believed he was superior, didn’t he? But he doesn’t know that someone can be one step. ahead of him. I was the one who gave Alpha Maxwell that isonous stake, just like I gave Alpha Leo. Do you know why that poison affects Adrian? It is because I gave him a poison that gradually reduced his wolf’s strength. He considered me to be his loyal doctor and took treatment from me. It was easy for me to inject the poison into his body. Now he has reached the point where no one in this world can save him. 
The Alpha, who had come with Harold, shoved Adrian’s officials and rushed toward Natalia. He did not care about what Harold was talking about. His mind was fixed on Natalia because if he killed her, he would get the Crystal Blood Pack. 
Natalia was so caught up in Harold’s words that she did not notice Alpha approaching her. 
Patric screamed in the mind link to alert Natalia, but it was too late for her to respond. 
“NATALIA!” 
D 
###Alpha 397
Because when Natalia turned around, that Alpha was a few inches away from getting close to her. 
Harold was also shocked because he did not want Natalia to die. He wanted to 
imprison her so that he could force her to submit to him and give him the position of the pack’s leader. 
However, as the Alpha was about to stab Natalia’s wolf, a hand grabbed the knife with a tight grip. 
Harold’s eyes widened when he saw that it was Adrian who stopped the knife. 
“A–Adrian?” 
Adrian snatched the knife away from that Alpha, though his palm was bleeding. He grabbed the back of the man’s neck. 
Before that man’s officials could reach Adrian, he stabbed the knife on his neck. 
“Your biggest fault is that you believed in this knife too much and didn’t shift for the war. 
Adrian let go of the man. His lifeless body fell to the ground, and the war stopped. 
Adrian turned his head at Harold and asked, 
“So what were you saying? I am lying somewhere lifelessly, right?” 
Harold looked at Adrian with wide eyes. His eyes scanned Adrian’s body, and he saw that his legs looked fine over the black joggers. He was shirtless. There were only two wounds on his body. A wound on his right arm and a wound of claw marks on his chest. 
However, his eyes fell on his neck. 
“A mark? Did she mark you?” Harold asked with confusion. 
Adrian rubbed the edge of the sharp knife on his neck that he used to kill the Alpha and replied, 
“Yeah, she accepted me. Isn’t it a great thing, Doctor Harold?” 
Natalia turned around and looked at Adrian. She then said to him in her mind a link that 
everyone could hear. 
“He poisoned you. He planned everything, Adrian.” 
“Don’t worry, baby. I knew it was his plan when Julian told me he refused to come to 
treat me after the war. It was only him and my officials who knew about my health problems. 
How did other Alphas know?” 
Harold shook his head as he felt that he could not take a step back now. 
He rushed toward Adrian to kill him. But Adrian did not move or shift in his wolf form. 
Instead, he said to Natalia, 
“He is your culprit. He is your prey.” 
Natalia realized how Harold had betrayed her all these years. Her Alpha blood boiled as 
she let out an ear–piercing growl. It shook everyone on the ground except Adrian. 
Natalia dashed over to Harold and bit his arm when he was startled by her sudden 
movement. 
She bit so hard that his arm ripped from his body. Harold was shocked when he found his body without his hand. He growled but could not shift. He held the knife and stabbed Natalia’s neck. 
He successfully stabbed it in Natalia’s neck, which shocked everyone around her. 
Adrian’s beta turned to Adrian to see him. 
But Adrian did not react. 
After a few seconds, Harold saw a red mark glowing on the back of Natalia’s neck. It looked like two daggers crossed. 
Harold’s hand was shaken as she saw the daggers glowing red. 
“You are the healer! The two daggers healer that people had been searching for!” 
He could not believe his eyes. How foolishly he stabbed the knife in her neck when its poison would never work on her. She herself was poisonous. Her whole body was a poison and, at the same time, a cure for any wound. 
Harold kneeled his head on the ground and begged, 
“Forgive me.” 
He thought Natalia would let go of him because he knew Natalia was a soft–hearted 
woman. 
But he had not seen her other face yet. 
Natalia growled at him and bit his neck. He tried to break free himself; he cried to others 
to save him too. 
However, nobody stepped up to help him. Natalia ripped his head apart, biting his neck as hard as she did his arm. 
Feeling guilty for having trusted Harold, she stared at his lifeless body. 
Adrian rushed to her and embraced her wolf in his arms. 
He kissed her head, and his nose nuzzled her fur. He rubbed his hands over her black fur and said, noveldrama
“Don’t give a damn about anything. As we decided last night, we will only live a happy life and forget about our past.” 
###Alpha 398
People around the grand hall were looking at the stage, fixing their gazes at the two people who were looking at each other. 
The hall was decorated so beautifully that it looked like heaven to all the guests. 
Everywhere they looked, everything was luxurious. But the most beautiful bliss was watching the handsome man in a black suit and the lovely woman in her bridal gown. 
“Do you, Alpha Adrian, accept Natalia Hensley as your wife, Luna, and your mate?” 
The whole hall turned silent after hearing the priest. 
Adrian looked at the woman in front of him. 
It had been two months since she marked him. 
She was not only his mate but also the love of his life. He smiled at her when he noticed she was nervous. noveldrama
“Yes, I do.” 
Natalia bit her bottom lip as she averted her gaze away from Adrian. Her cheeks turned red when she heard his deep voice. 
“Do you, Natalia Hansley, accept Adrian Miller as your husband, Alpha, and your mate?” 
She had already accepted him as her mate two months ago. The proof was right there on his neck. She blinked her eyes with a small smile and replied, 
“Yes, I do.” 
”? 
pronounce you as husband and wife. All hail to you both, Alpha and Luna.” 
As soon as the priest said that, all the guests in the hall cheered for the newlywed couple. 
After returning from the war, Natalia returned Adrian his position, as she had never accepted his position as her own. It was always his throne, not hers. But yes, she could rule it as his Luna. 
Natalia glanced at her parents, who were smiling at her. Their eyes were filled with tears. It was a tear of happiness. They were witnessing their daughter’s marriage. 
Her brother Jason looked pleased as he finally saw his sister get married to someone who would protect her like he used to protect her. 
Adrian’s parents were also sitting next to them. They all looked like a family now. It appeared that their marriage was a ribbon that connected the two packs and put an end 
to years of rivalry. 
“Yes! Mommy and Daddy!” 
“We are going to live together now!” 
Noah and Aria dashed toward them as soon as they stepped off the stage. Adrian cradled Aria in his arms while holding Noah’s hand. 
He raised an eyebrow at them. They both gave him thumbs up. Aria hugged his neck while Noah hugged his legs. They were very happy with their father. 
He did not break their promise and got their mother back to their lives. He fulfilled his promise to them that the four of them would live together. 
When Adrian put Aria down, she and Noah hugged their mother. Natalia bent down and kissed their foreheads. 
“My babies, are you both happy?” 
“Yes! We will live together. We can also go to our schools with both of you on the parents‘ meeting day. We will have fun together whenever we want,” Aria said cheerfully. 
Noah nodded his head with a grin. 
“Yes, and we do not have to go to Mommy’s house to meet her because she will be living with us.‘ 
11 
康 
###Natalia’s mother, Jade, cleared her throat and said, 
“You mean, you don’t like to go to Mommy’s house and play with your grandparents?” 
Noah’s eyes widened as he shook his head. No, granny. I didn’t mean it.” 
Everyone laughed at the cuteness of the two children. They were all satisfied, with pleased expressions on their faces. 
Adrian’s officials congratulated Natalia. She thanked them. Patric winked at Adrian and whispered, 
“Finally, you made her yours, huh?” 
Adrian smirked when he heard that. “Yes, finally, she is mine. I will never let her go now. She is only mine.” noveldrama
Patric cleared his throat and patted his back. “Relax, Alpha. Calm down. Otherwise, who knows, you may have ended up marking her right here in front of us.” 
Adrian paused as he turned his head at Patric. Patric smirked at his best friend, whom he had successfully teased. 
However, Adrian turned out to be shameless. “Why not? I don’t have any problem 
with it.” 
“Are you sure? Where has your possessiveness over ‘My woman‘ attitude gone?” 
Adrian gave him a sly grin and replied, 
“I said I don’t have any problem with it. All I need to do is pull out everyone’s eyes so that they can’t watch her in the state when I mark her.” 
Patric gulped when he saw his sinister grin. Bro, calm down, please.” 
Adrian chuckled at his words. He met Jason, and they hugged each other. 
Who would say they used to be rivals? 
Eric also congratulated Adrian since there was no problem between the two men any longer. 
Adrian noticed Eric was looking at Alpha Wade’s daughter, Tyra Campbell. She blushed and looked away from him. 
“She is not that young. Why are you keeping yourself from approaching her? She told me that she likes you,” Adrian said to Eric, patting his shoulder. 
Adrian invited the Storm Forest Pack so that Eric could meet his mate again. It was Natalia’s request to him. 
“Her dad will not agree. He wants an Alpha for his daughter.” 
“I have already talked to him. He is okay with her daughter’s mate. And why does he need an Alpha when a Beta is more than enough for his daughter?” 
Eric was stunned by hearing Adrian. He hugged Adrian. “Thanks, Adrian.” 
“It’s okay. You left my woman’s side; that’s enough for me.” 
They chuckled, remembering how they had fought for Natalia before. 
Natalia went to speak to Adrian’s parents. Alpha Lucas patted her on the head. 
“I have always wanted you to be my daughter–in–law. 
Grace hugged Natalia and said, “You have saved my son’s life twice. Then you came back and saved me from that poison by making a cure for me. Who thought we would get a healer as our daughter–in–law? You are a blessing to us.” 
As the celebration party continued, Adrian and Natalia met Max and Lily. Max told Adrian to take care of Natalia and apologized to Natalia for breaking her heart. Natalia insisted that she be the one to express gratitude to him for saving his brother. 
After the grand feast, every guest began to leave the venue. 
When it was time to leave for the bride and groom, Adrian opened the back door of his car and gestured for Natalia to get in. 
Natalia waved at everyone. In fact, her children were also happy that she was going with their father. Grace told them that their parents should have some alone time. 
Adrian brought Natalia to his villa, where they had lived during their marriage. 
When Natalia opened the door, she gasped. The whole house was beautifully adorned with roses. 
She heard the sound of the main door being closed as she surveyed her surroundings. 
As soon as she turned around, Adrian picked her up into his arms. 
“Adrian!” 
###“Shhhh” 
He pressed his finger on her lips while carrying her with one hand. As he removed his finger from her lips, he held her with his both arms and went upstairs to their 
bedroom 
The bedroom looked gorgeous. Beautiful scents of candles were in the air, and she could smell them. 
Adrian did not wait any longer, as he closed the door with his leg and shoved her 
onto the bed. 
She blinked her eyes as she saw how he was looking at her. She felt shy because of the intensity in his eyes. 
He moved closer to her as he climbed onto the bed. He leaned down and kissed her. 
The kiss heated up as he turned her on. She wrapped her hands around his neck and twisted their positions. 
She pinned him down. 
He sat up while holding her in his arms and leaned his back against the headboard. 
He smirked and said, 
“This is how life will be from now on. An Alpha wife and her equal desire to be the top.” 
Natalia ripped off his shirt and replied, 
“I want to heal your wound. You told me I could do that only after I took the vows.” 
Adrian was stunned, but then he grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her closer to his mouth. 
“Why not? I was just waiting for it, baby.” 
She looked into his eyes while lowering her head toward his bare chest. 
She did exactly what he did to heal her. Without breaking their eye contact, she kissed his chest and licked on the claw marks. 
He groaned as he felt pain, but then it turned into pleasure. 
He pressed her head closer to his chest, feeling her tongue roll over his wounds. It was so intimate that he felt his member twitch inside his pants. 
The moment she moved her head from his chest after healing his wound, Adrian grabbed her waist and pressed her back against the mattress. 
“You don’t know how much I want to love you right now. I can make love to you the whole fucking night.” 
He did not rip her gown because it was her wedding dress, but he removed it quickly. When he stripped her naked in front of him, his eyes scanned every inch of her body. 
Natalia bit her bottom lips as she tried to hide herself with her hands. She felt shy in front of his eyes. Every time he looked at her body, it felt as if he were seeing it for the first time. 
Adrian leaned down, pressing his body against hers. He kissed her while his hands kneaded her breasts. 
He broke the kiss and attacked her tender bosom. His tongue rolled over one nipple while his fingers played with the other. noveldrama
Natalia did not hold it and moaned loudly since they were all alone in the house. 
Slowly, Adrian moved down as his lips stopped on her core. She gasped when he started licking her folds. 
As he told her in the night of her heat, he could taste her all night long. 
When she came into his mouth, her body began to shake. 
He wiped her with his tongue and then got out of bed. He took off his clothes while looking at her. 
She wanted to conceal herself from his gaze. She glanced at his member and let out a shaky breath. It stood tall just to get into her entrance. 
When he sat between her legs, he began to rub his member on her entrance. 
“Ahhh!” 
She was a moaning mess because, without even pushing, he was giving her so much pleasure. 
Adrian leaned down to kiss her while pushing his member inside her. He thrust 
inside her and did not have any intention to show any mercy tonight. 
Natalia dug her nails into his back with pleasure when he deepened the kiss. 
After a passionate kiss, he moved toward her neck. His canines emerged, and his eyes turned red. 
With all the pleasure he was feeling right then, he pierced his canines into her neck while thrusting inside her. 
“ADRIAN!” 
She moaned his name every time he hit her tender spot. The pain of the mark, combined with the pleasure she was experiencing, became painful pleasures. 
Adrian licked her neck where he had marked her and moved his lips to kiss her again. 
They came together while holding each other. His member was still throbbing inside as her core was clenching it tightly. 
They could not stop there because Adrian kept making love to her over and over. 
Except for moans and groans, the only thing echoed in the room was their confessions of love for each other. 
“I love you, Natalia.” 
“I love you too, Adrian.” 
###Alpha 401
The sun rose so brightly, as if it were more than just a new day, but the beginning of something new. 
Inside the bedroom, the glowing sunlight moved in and fell on the couple who were sleeping together while holding each other. 
The sound of the birds chirping was so refreshing that it was more like listening to a beautiful song. 
Adrian’s eyes were open. 
With his eyes fixed on the woman who was lying on his arm, he looked at her intently. He smiled when she turned to hug him tightly. 
He lowered his head and kissed her on the top of her head. 
“Sleep well?” he whispered in her ear. 
“Hmmm.” 
Natalia took a deep breath, inhaling his scent. She felt like she was in heaven. 
Something was strange with her today. She was feeling light yet more powerful, 
She was already powerful, so what made her feel that way? 
Then she felt him rubbing his nose on her neck. She realized that he had marked her last night. 
She slowly opened her eyes and turned her head to look at him. 
He did not give her the opportunity to look at him as he smashed his lips against hers. 
She wrapped her hands around her neck, moving to let her naked body press against his under the quilt. 
He deepened the kiss. It was slow yet passionate. He was kissing her dearly. 
After breaking the kiss, he rested his head on her neck. 
“Was I too rough with you last night?” he asked in a low tone. 
Upon hearing him, she recalled how he pounded her and did not let her sleep the whole night. 
She equally wanted that. However, she had witnessed his inner beast emerge while he was drunk with lust. The lust he had suppressed for years had come 
out. 
She did not mind the slight pain in her lower abdomen. She was on cloud nine and it was a consequence for that. 
“No,” she mumbled in reply. 
He kissed her neck on his mark and said, 
“I am afraid I will destroy you. How will you survive?” 
“Your wife has the Alpha strength to handle you, Alpha Adrian.” noveldrama
When they returned to the pack house, everyone welcomed them with happy faces. 
Everyone was relieved that the Crystal Blood Pack had gotten their Alpha and Luna back. 
Since Natalia had returned the head Alpha position to Adrian, she was now the Luna of the pack. 
After talking with all the officials, Adrian decided to arrange the crown ceremony very soon. 
“Two months,” Patric spoke out. 
All of them were discussing the date of the crown ceremony in the meeting 
hall. 
“Why do we have to wait for two months? We can do that this weekend,” Adrian said, feeling desperate to declare Natalia his Luna. 
Even though she had already become Luna after marrying him, an official ceremony was required. 
“Qadir said that. He said two months later there is a date that is good for the crown ceremony,” Patric replied. 
Adrian wanted to oppose it, but he recalled who Qadir was and what abilities he had. So he accepted the date and decided to go with it. 
“Okay. Then arrange everything in two months. The whole pack should celebrate the day. Arrange a feast for them. It should be like the biggest festival they had ever seen in their lives.” 
Adrian’s words amazed his officials. 
Gamma Benjamin smiled at his alpha and said, 
“Alpha, you are doing all of this for Luna, aren’t you? You want to make her feel special.” 
Adrian looked at him. Benjamin thought he had offended him, so he 
immediately lowered his head and bowed to him. 
“You are right. I am doing everything for her,” Adrian replied, leaning his back against the head chair. 
Gamma Benjamin slowly raised his head to glance at him. He let out a sigh when he noticed his Alpha was calm and composed. 
They were grateful to Natalia. Because only that woman could make their Alpha this calm. He had become a lover boy who was madly in love with his wife. 
###Alpha 402
As time passed, 
Natalia turned busy learning new things about what a luna should know as a luna of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
She realized that everything was different from the Blue Blood Pack. 
Fighting in the war beside the Alpha leader was not the only job for a Luna. She would have to learn their rules, the lives of the pack members, their problems, and how to find solutions. 
With hope in her eyes, she began to learn everything one by one. 
Noah and Aria were the happiest kids in the pack right now. They attended school every day proudly, just like other kids. 
Whenever it was a parent meeting, both Adrian and Natalia went to attend it together. 
It was awkward and frightening for the entire school to see Alpha and Luna, so they instructed the principal and teachers to treat them as if they were just another student’s parents. 
Two months went by. 
This weekend was scheduled to be the crown ceremony. 
Natalia had learned a lot of things. Because of her power rank, she was able to acquire knowledge more easily and quickly than others. 
It was a late evening when Natalia was roaming around the pack house during her break time of her learning lesson. 
Suddenly, her steps halted when she came across a closed room’s door. 
She was surprised that she had never come to this side of the pack house. According to the maids, no one usually went there. 
“We were told Alpha’s father closed it many years ago. So even Alpha does not come here,” an old maid explained. 
$ 
Natalia was eager to step inside the room. However, the maid stopped her. 
“Don’t go there.” 
“Why?” 
“It is closed for some reason. We should not open secrets from the past.” 
Natalia shrugged her shoulders. “But I am the Luna of this pack. I can go anywhere I want.” 
She refused to listen to the maids and proceeded to the room. She noticed the door was locked from outside, and she did not have the key. 
She turned to look at the maid and asked, 
“Where is the key?” 
“I don’t know, Luna.” 
Natalia nodded her head and told the maid to leave. 
When she saw the maid leaving the hallway, she turned to the lock and looked at it carefully. The lock was quite old. 
She would have to find the key. 
She was about to call her ex–secretary, Diva, who had always been by her side, to make a key for it. 
But before that, she heard a voice from behind. 
“What are you doing here?” 
Her body jerked as she suddenly heard someone. She realized it was Adrian’s 
voice. 
She turned around and saw Adrian looking at her. noveldrama
“I was thinking of going inside the room,” she said with a small grin. 
Adrian walked up to her and stopped in front of her. He examined her face and said, 
“You look beautiful, my baby.” 
She blushed and pushed on his chest. “Move. I was asking you about this room.” 
Adrian glanced at the door and replied, 
“I have never gone inside. Dad forbade us all. He said he has his own reason to do it. So I never asked him or Mom about it.” 
“But-” 
Adrian cut her off as he lifted her up into his arms. 
“Forget about this room. I want to take you to our bedroom right now. 
Natalia patted his shoulder. “Someone will see us. I am on my break right now.” 
He leaned in close and brushed his lips against hers. He smirked at her and whispered on her lips, 
“Who cares?” 
###“Mommy, you are queen.” 
Aria’s sweet voice echoed throughout the bedroom. Natalia glanced at her daughter through the mirror, who was wearing a beautiful dress. She looked adorable in that dress. 
“Queen? Who told you that?” Natalia asked, fixing her white gown. 
It was not like her bridal gown but a little different. Around her waist there was a golden belt that shaped her body perfectly with the gown. She was ready to go out. 
It was not any normal day, but the day everyone had been waiting for two months. 
Today was the Crown Ceremony, where she would be crowned as the Luna of the Crystal Blood Pack. 
“Dad said that,” Aria replied. 
Natalia was stunned. “Okay. If Mommy is his queen, then what are you?” 
“Princess,” Aria replied with a sheepish smile and rushed to hug her legs. 
Natalia chuckled and patted on her head. 
She bent down and kissed on her cheeks. “Your dad loves you and Noah a lot.” 
She shook her head. “No, he said he loves you the most.” 
Natalia’s cheeks flushed. She took a deep breath and mumbled, 
“Your dad is getting shameless day by day.” 
“Why did you say that, Mommy?” 
Noah’s voice came from behind. 
Natalia turned her head and saw Noah entering the room in a black suit. He 
Hooked like little Adrian. 
“Nothing, baby.” 
Chapter ana 
“Mommy, you are so beautiful,” Noah complimented his mother. 
Natalia indeed looked breathtaking. After Adrian had marked her, her beauty was increasing with an invisible force. 
“Thank you, Noah.” 
She told them to stay beside her in the hall since there were so many pack members who would be there. 
“Don’t worry, Mommy. We will be with Amanda,” Aria assured her. 
“Good girl.” 
Adriam’s mother, Grace knocked on the door when she noticed the children 
and mother’s sweet conversation. 
“Mom.” noveldrama
Natalia said and approached Grace. 
Grace stared at Natalia with awe in her eyes. “I have never seen such a graceful Luna before.” 
Natalia lowered her head and blushed. 
“Mom, maybe because of the makeup.” 
“What are you saying, my dear? If someone appreciates your beauty, then let them do that. You are beautiful. But beauty alone can’t make someone graceful, but power does. You have both, which makes you different from others.” 
Natalia understood what she was trying to say. She was not only beautiful but also had the Alpha rank, which a very rare woman had. 
“I promise I will be a fair Luna who will protect the pack and the pack members. I won’t disappoint you, dad or your son.” 
Natalia vowed to her mother–in–law. Grace was happy to hear that: She nodded her head and said, 
“Then let’s go? It’s almost time.” 
195 ROWER 
+ 
Natalia glanced at her children. They came to grab her hands. 
They left the room together and headed to the hall where the crown Geremony was going on. No other guests from outside the pack were invited, Adrian only invited the Blue Blood Pack as outside visitors. 
As soon as Natalia entered the hall, everyone looked at her with amazement. 
They had already known what ability she had. If she wanted, she could rule a pack alone herself, 
As she stepped forward toward the guests, her gaze wandered around the hall, looking for the person of her heart. 
“Where is Adrian, Mom?” Natalia asked Grace, 
Grace looked around for Adrian and responded to her, 
“Maybe he has not made it here yet.
###+25 BORBUS 
1. t. 
Every guest was eage r for the crown ceremony to begin. 
“Where are your husband and his officials?” Jason asked Natalia. 
Natalia was talking with some guests. She turned to Jason and hugged him. 
Though she had learned how Luna should behave, she could not control herself after meeting her brother. 
“Brother!” 
“Alpha Jason,” he reminded her. 
She cleared her throat and broke the hug. “Yeah, yeah. Alpha Jason.” 
She smiled slightly at him. 
Jason raised his hand and placed it on her head. 
“I am surprised how my sister has turned into someone else in just two months.” 
“Into someone else?” she asked with confusion. 
“In a good way, my baby. You are going to become the Luna of a pack, but for me you are still my little sister. I am happy that Alpha Adrian didn’t disappoint me. He turned you into a happy woman. Just looking into your eyes, I can tell how happy you are with him.” 
Natalia nodded her head. “You are right, brother. I am very happy with him. He loves me so much. He never failed to take care of me. Our past was dark, but we came together at the right time.” 
“Done talking with your brother? Now it’s our turn,” Natalia’s mother, Jade, said. 
Natalia embraced her and her father, Alpha Martin Hansley. 
They looked proud of their daughter. 
‘What a powerful lady you are!‘ Martin said with a smile. 
34 
+25 RCRES 
Adrian’s father, Alpha Lucas Miller, approached them with Grace Miller. 
Both families looked very happy. 
“You haven’t answered my question yet,” Jason whispered when he saw the elders talking to each other. 
Natalia glanced at the main door, waiting to catch a glimpse of the person she had been waiting for. 
“He got a call from his company, so he had gone there an hour ago,” she replied. 
“Then where are the others? His officials?” 
Natalia realized that her brother was right. Adrian’s officials except Patric did not usually go to the pack company. 
“Maybe he needs them,” she mumbled. 
Jason nodded his head and glanced at Noah and Aria. He went to them and began to play. The kids were thrilled to meet their uncle after a long time. 
Natalia’s eyes were fixed on the main door. Many people approached her to talk. She spoke to them but kept looking at the door. 
An hour went by, and Adrian did not come back. 
Natalia was talking to her mother when she heard a sound of breaking. 
She turned around to face the source of the noise. 
She noticed a glass had slipped from Alpha Lucas’s grip. He was on the phone with someone. 
Natalia rushed to him and asked, 
“Dad, what happened?” 
With a pair of startled eyes, Alpha Lucas looked at Natalia. 
He cut the call and said, 
“Natalia, some rogues burned down our northern village. Villagers are currently 
trying to protect their lives.” noveldrama
Natalia clenched her fists in fury. 
“Don’t worry. I kill the rogues,” she said. 
Her sweet expression became fierce as her eyes turned dark blue. 
“Dad, please call Adrian. Tell him that I am leaving for the village.” 
After saying that just as Natalia was about to turn around, Alpha Lucas sa 
“Natalia, Adrian is already there.” 
###Chapter 405
"What!"
Natalia was taken aback by what Alpha Lucas was saying.
"But Dad, he said he was going to his company..." she paused when she recalled her brother's words.
Why would Adrian go to his company with all of his officials?
Her family and all the guests looked at her and Lucas, trying to figure out what had happened so suddenly.
Eric had just arrived in the hallway. When he realized the situation was not so good, he approached Natalia and asked,
"What happened?"
Jason joined him and asked the same question.
Natalia was fixated on Lucas, eager to learn the truth.
Alpha Lucas looked at Eric, then fixed his gaze at Jason, the he replied,
"It was Gamma Benjamin's call. He said they didn't go to the company but to that village to save the villagers." "But why, Dad? Why didn't they tell me for once? I could have joined them," she said with a desperate tone.
"I don't know, my dear. Maybe Adrian did not want you to be there. He didn't want you to be worried," Alpha Lucas said.
Natalia rubbed her forehead, not knowing if she should wait in the ceremony or go to the village to join Adrian and his officials.
'Is my son okay?' Grace Miller asked.
Lucas wrapped his hand around her shoulder and assured her. "Don't worry. Benjamin said Adrian is fine, but..."
He swallowed his breath and muttered, "He said maybe rogues will come to attack our packs. He gave me a call to let us know they would not be able to return tonight."
Jason glanced at Eric, who immediately nodded his head. It looked like the Alpha and Beta had a conversation with each other in their mindlink.
Eric turned around and said to the guests,
'Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention, please?'
Natalia looked at him. Eric told the guests to leave for tonight.
"What are you doing?" Jade Hansley asked Eric.
"Mom, let him do what he is doing," Jason said to his mother.
*Jason, shouldn't we give Adrian and Natalia a hand in this situation?" Alpha Martin asked.
Jason nodded his head. "Of course, dad. I have already told my officials to accompany me to that village. We will assist Adrian."
Natalia grabbed Jason's hand when she heard him.
"Brother."
Jason looked at Natalia. He noticed her concern for her husband. Though Alpha Adrian was a powerful Alpha, his wife could not just let go of her concern in any situation.
"Don't worry, Natalia. Everything will be fine."
Natalia shook her head in response. She glanced at her and Adrian's parents, then said,noveldrama
"Please take care of Noah and Aria in my absence."
Alpha Lucas was stunned. "What are you planning, Natalia?"
Natalia glanced at the guests who were leaving the hall.
That crown ceremony was not going to happen.
Her husband, her Alpha, was not here.
How could she think of putting the crown on her head without him? The Luna could only be crowned by the head Alpha of the pack.
She took a deep breath, thinking, 'I hope you and the villagers are okay, Adrian.'
Her heart began to beat a little faster than usual as she thought whether Adrian would be okay fighting alone against rogues.
Because if the rogues had decided to attack the Crystal Blood Pack, then they must have a plan.
After considering everything, she looked at her family and said,
'I am going to the village with my brother."
###Chapter 406
Natalia walked out of the pack house, determined to leave and reach the village as soon as possible.
Her gaze lowered to her body, settling on her gown. It was a royal gown that only the Luna of this pack could wear.
She did not know why, but she was not feeling well. How in the world could someone set a village on fire? How about the people of the village? Did they survive?
She also feared for the other members of her pack.
"We will not be able to get there soon by road. We need to run to get there as fast as we can," Eric said.noveldrama
Natalia listened to Eric and glanced at her brother. He gave her a nod, and the next thing was he shifted into his wolf form.
All of the officials of Jason shifted after him. Jason had taken many pack fighters of the Crystal Blood Pack. They heard about the upcoming war against the rogues, they were ready to jump in the war.
Natalia saw all the wolves begin to run toward the direction of the village.
Natalia closed her eyes, trying to shift into her wolf form.
"I am not feeling well today," Nancy, her wolf, spoke out.
"Why? Adrian needs us," Natalia said as she immediately flung her eyes open.
"I am not feeling good for our mate," Nancy replied.
Natalia's lips parted in surprise. She could feel strange about the matebond. She had no idea what was happening so suddenly.
"Is he in danger?" Natalia asked her wolf hurriedly.
"I don't know. I can't connect with him."
As soon as she heard Nancy's reply, Natalia shifted into her wolf form. Her gown ripped as the black giant wolf's paws hit the ground, and she dashed behind the other wolves, who appeared smaller in comparison to her.
She left them behind in a flash and made her way to the village.
Natalia felt a sense of unease in her heart that she could not describe.
Natalia arrived at the village within an hour.
She could see the orange flame blazing from a distance, nearly reaching the sky. The houses of the pack members are burning along with all the trees around.
Her nails screeched against the ground as she stopped herself from approaching the fire.
She was shocked to see that everything was turning into ashes. Fire service vehicles were everywhere. She understood that they were there to put out the fire.
"Don't jump into the fire, Natalia!"
Jason shouted at her in their mindlink.
Natalia did not listen to him and jumped into the fire that had broken out in the trees in front of her.
She dashed inside, hoping to find Adrian and the others.
She noticed that many villagers were getting out of their houses. Some of them were burnt. People from the pack hospital were assisting them in getting out.
She was confident that all the people would be rescued very soon.
As she ran past the village, her gaze fell on the forest. She witnessed some wolves fighting each other.
She recognized them as rogues after smelling their scents from afar.
"Benjamin was right," she muttered as she growled at the rogues in front of her.
She began to kill them, trying to stop the war. As she kept fighting, her brother had also followed her to join her in the war.
In a few minutes, Natalia found Gamma Benjamin, who was fighting tooth and nail.
She noticed other officials except Patric. Then she realized that Adrian was also not there. The way they were fighting, demonstrating that they had killed most of the rogues.
She rushed to Gamma Benjamin and asked,
"Where is your Alpha?"
Benjamin's wolf immediately bowed to him as he felt submitted to her Alpha wolf.
But he did not reply, which shocked Natalia. She growled at him and asked again.
"What's wrong? Where is Adrian? Why are you all fighting alone?"
Benjamin lowered his head and replied,
"We lost Alpha in the war. We searched for him while fighting the rogues, but he is nowhere to be found."
###Chapter 407noveldrama
Natalia took a step back. She could not understand what Benjamin was trying to say.
"What do you mean?"
A rogue came her way, but she was lost in thoughts. So the rogue could viciously claw her arm.
She became enraged because of the pain in her arm. She turned around and growled at the wolf.
She killed the rogue and turned back to Gamma Benjamin.
Delta Julian and Theta Emon were fighting with other rogues.
"We lost Alpha and Beta Patric in the war, Delta Julian said from a distance in the mind link.
"Did they get stuck in the fire?" Natalia asked with a trembling voice.
The three officials glanced at her for a moment before shaking their heads.
*No. They were with us in the war," they assured her in their mind links.
Natalia let out a deep breath, thinking that they were okay. They might have gone too far away while fighting. They would be back soon.
"We will find them. Don't worry, Natalia, Jason said as he was fighting with some rogues.
Natalia listened to her brother and focused on the fight. Her huge wolf could not let any rogue alive in the war. She killed the rest of them and ended the war.
Jason and all of his officials equally helped them. The pack fighters who had come with them joined the war and let the rogues know whose territory it was.
After the war, Natalia started to run forward.
"Where are you going?" Eric asked from behind.
Natalia did not stop when she replied,
"I am going to find Adrian and Patric. I am trying to mind link them, but it's not working. How could they have gone so far, and if not, why did they close all the links to contact them?"
Jason told Eric to let her go wherever she wanted. He knew his sister would not listen to anyone.
"Let's join her," Jason ordered his officials.
Adrian's officials also joined Natalia, as she was the Luna of the pack.
That entire night elapsed.
But they still had not found Adrian or Patric.
*Adrian, this is not funny. Where are you?" Natalia said as she tried to connect the link again and again.
On the other hand, Jason instructed the fire department and all doctors to examine those who had been burned in the fire.
Since they could not find him, he was afraid that Adrian had been injured in the fire.
When Natalia arrived at another pack's territory, her paws paused. In anger, she scratched the ground with her claws.
Her blue, glowing eyes pierced the hill visible from the forest.
From there, she could not enter the other pack. Adrian was also unable to enter just any pack without first making an official announcement.
Where was Adrian?
Everyone requested Natalia to go back to the pack house. They tried to console her by saying Adrian would return with Patric soon.
Natalia paid no attention to what anyone said. She searched for Adrian tirelessly, from one border to another. She had lost her sanity out of fear of losing him.
Three days passed, and Natalia did not shift or return to the pack house.
She got sick because she had not eaten anything in days.
Jason told her that her children would die if she did not return to the pack house. How would they survive without both of their parents?
Just for the sake of her and Adrian's twins, Natalia went back to the pack house empty handed and heartbroken.
###Chapter 408
It had been two weeks since the rogues attacked the pack's village.
The whole pack had turned upside down. Everyone wanted only one thing, and that was, where was their head Alpha?
They could not find Adrian, nor could his body.
Was he alive?
If so, where was he?
Natalia's life became colorless. The woman who used to be so beautiful and powerful had turned into a broken
woman.
Adrian's parents lost their hopes. They loved their son a lot. They could not take it when they found out Adrian had gone missing.
Alpha Lucas had a heart attack because he thought his son was dead. Yearning for her son to come home, Grace constantly cried in a corner of their room.
Only a miracle could do that.
Aria and Noah tried to support their mother, showing her that they were strong children.
They believed their clad was fine and went somewhere.
'Mommy, please eat something. Dad will scold you if he comes back and sees you not eating anything." Noah said to Natalia.
Aria was holding the spoon of food close to Natalia's mouth. They were trying to convince her to eat something.
*Please, Mommy. For Dad's sake, eat something," Aria mumbled.
Natalia tried hard not to cry in front of the twins.
She had no idea what she was going to do without Adrian.
After all these years of suffering, they had just only gotten married and wanted to start a new life, but what fate had done to her?
She loved Adrian so much that she did not want to live without him. However, she could not even die because of their kids. They were Adrian's love for her.
She opened her mouth to eat.
As soon as she chewed the food, she felt a pungent taste in her mouth.
She immediately rose up from the bed and covered her mouth.
"Mommy, what happened?" Noah asked.
Natalia could not reply to him as she rushed to the bathroom.
She vomited while crying. She washed her mouth and looked in the mirror.
She had been throwing up for the past few days. She assumed it was because she was so depressed that she could not digest any food.
She wiped her face and tried to make a smiley face for her twins. She could not make them cry for her.
However, just as she was about to grab the doorknob, her head started spinning.noveldrama
She closed her eyes and shook her head.
She opened her eyes once she felt a little better. Her eyes widened as she came to a realization.
She left the bathroom hurriedly and told her children that she was going somewhere.
*Take us with you, Mommy," Noah said.
"No, baby. Mommy will be back soon."
Natalia did not say anything to anyone before leaving the pack house. She went to the hospital with a scarf covering her face.
She had not forgotten what had happened the last time.
She kept her identity hidden from others and asked for a health checkup.
The waiting did not last long as the female doctor smiled brightly at her while handing her report.
*Congratulations, dear. You are two and a half weeks pregnant."
###Chapter 409
It was a shock to Natalia. Her suspicion proved to be accurate. She slowly touched her belly and mumbled,
"Is there a child inside?"
She lowered her head and looked at her belly.noveldrama
Her eyes began to well up with tears as she reflected on how she had brought up Aria and Noab without Adrian.
When she was pregnant before, she believed Adrian did not love her and that there was no hope of saving her twins, so she had to leave him.
But at this moment, she had nothing in her mind. That man had shown her so much love that she wanted to leave this world and go to where he was.
She believed Adrian had not died. Her wolf did not want to believe it either.
Her fate may have been unfortunate, but it could not have given her this punishment in order to force her to live a life of punishment.
'Miss, are you okay? You don't look happy. Don't you want this child?"
"No, I want this child," she responded right away.
Grasping her dress with her fist, she murmured,
"I want this child."
With sorrowful eyes, she turned around and walked out of the hospital.
She was completely lost. The entire pack was under her command. But she could not do anything as her mental health was not stable right now.
She could not even consider doing any work for this pack right now. Everyone in the pack wanted to know about Adrian, but she had no idea what to say.
She began to walk outside the hospital. The chilly weather made her feel cold on the inside. The cold wind ruffled her scarf and moved away from her face.
As she tried to conceal her face again, she noticed someone familiar staring at her from a distance.
She was stunned and turned away from the man.
She tried to walk faster in the opposite direction. But the person was quick enough to reach out and grab her hand.
"Why are you running away?"
She shut her eyes, realizing she had been caught.
She turned around and looked at the person.
"Benjamin."
Gamma Benjamin looked at her with doubtful eyes. His gaze shifted to her scarf, which she was using to hide her face.
"Why are you hiding your face? Is your face okay?" he asked again.
Natalia shook her head. "I am fine. I just came here to check on my health. Nothing else. What are you here, Benjamin?'
He loosened his grip as he looked away from her. She let out a deep breath.
"You were keeping an eye on me, weren't you?'
Benjamin lowered his head. "You are my Alpha's wife. He is not here. Even the Beta Patric is missing. So it should be the Gamma's responsibility to look after the Luna of the pack."
Natalia gave him a sad expression. "Benjamin, did you get any updates on your Alpha?"
She asked him the same question every day, and he gave a simple answer.
"Very soon."
Natalia nodded her head and was about to walk past him when his eyes fell on the report on her hand.
She did not pay attention to the paper she was holding. He grabbed the paper and said,
"Let me see if your health is okay. You could have told me to contact our newly hired physician."
Benjamin took a pause when he saw what was inside the report.
His eyes widened as he raised his gaze to look at her.
"You are pregnant!"
Natalia held back her tears. She glanced at him and said,
*Please don't tell anyone about it right now. It will make the situation even worse. Without the head Alpha, his child's life will be in danger."
###Chapter 410
Natalia returned to the pack house with Gamma Benjamin. She went to Adrian's parents to check on them.
Alpha Lucas's health had improved slightly. But Grace did not look well. She had been sick before, and Natalia had to cure her. Now, with the depression she was feeling for her only son, she was losing her health.
Like the other days, the day went by while Natalia waited for Adrian to come back home.
The night passed, just like the nights Natalia cried in loneliness for her husband.
The next morning,
Natalia took a shower while carrying a heavy burden in her heart. Her eyes were puffy, and she appeared to be in a state of distress. Her family called her to ask if she was eating properly. Jason assured her that his men were trying to find Adrian in different packs.
Natalia could not help but try to show them that she was strong. However, only she knew how she was feeling on the inside.
She had not told anyone yet about her pregnancy.
Only Gamma Benjamin was aware of it and he promised her not to tell anyone about it for now.
Natalia instructed Delta Julian to drive Aria and Noah to their school. She did not want anything to disrupt their lives.
"Mommy, we will be back soon to have lunch with you," Aria said, kissing her cheek.
"Okay."
Noah hugged his mother and said,
Mommy, don't cry, okay?"
For a moment, Natalia felt that he was Adrian.
Noah received everything that his father possessed. He even spoke maturely, just like his father.
Natalia released him from the hug and caressed his head. "Okay, my baby."
She said her goodbyes and watched them leave the pack house.
She remembered her mother telling her to send the children to the Blue Moon Pack for some time. They would take care of them. But she did not let them go. It was because she was already lonely. If the twins left her side, she would be all alone.
She went back to her room and locked herself. She lay down on the bed and began to caress her belly.
"Where are you, Adrian? I am sorry. It was not only your responsibility to protect me. I am an Alpha too. I should also protect you from all dangers."
Her heart was pierced by the thought that he might never return.
She began to cry, wondering what could have happened to him.noveldrama
How could someone just disappear like that? Did they take him and Patric somewhere, then kill them in their territory?
She gasped as her mind flashed back to nightmares in which she saw some wolves killing Adrian.
She sat up and wiped away her tears.
Her heart was trembling, and she was feeling that she was the most helpless woman in the world.
While she was deeply immersed in sorrow, a knock on the door jolted her out of her reverie.
She turned her head to look at the door.
The door opened, and Amanda entered the room with a shocked face.
"What happened, Amanda? Are Mom and Dad alright?" She asked Amanda about Lucas and Grace.
"L-Luna," Amanda said while huffing.
It appeared that she rushed all the way here.
Natalia got out of bed and asked,
"Amanda, what-
Amanda interrupted her as she smiled brightly at her and said,
*Luna, Alpha is back."
###Chapter 411
Natalia was shocked. She felt as if it were a dream where she heard about Adrian.
She had been searching for him for two weeks. She would lie if she said she did not think something might have happened to Adrian.
But after hearing about his arrival, it was almost like she was in a dream.
*Luna?"
Amanda patted on her shoulder when she noticed she was lost in her thoughts.
*Luna, just now some guards called Gamma Benjamin about Alpha's arrival in the pack. He said Alpha is coming back to the pack house."
Natalia came out of her thoughts as a smile spread on her lips.
"He is back?"
Manda's eyes welled up with tears as she noticed Natalia's happiness.
After Alpha went missing, her gracefulness, which everyone had seen at the wedding, was nearly lost.
Now Amanda could catch a glimpse of that old Natalia again.
"Yes, Luna," Amanda replied.
Natalia did not ask her anything else, as she did not need to know anything else. Her husband was back, and it was enough for her.
She rushed out of her room. When she passed the maids who were bowing to her, her legs began to shake.
She ignored everyone and made her way to the stairs. From the upper floor, she had a clear view of everyone downstairs.
Adrian's parents were standing there while waiting for their son. Gamma Benjamin, Delta Julian, and Theta Emon stood alongside some guards.
It was because they had secured the best bodyguards for Adrian as soon as they learned of his return.
They had no idea where Adrian was, but they could not take a risk about their Alpha's life again.
Without pausing for a moment, Natalia dashed down the stairs.
Her cream-colored gown was so simple that she looked fragile in it.
All of the people turned their attention to her. The fact that she was going to become a Luna in the near future slipped her mind.
Her only desire was to see Adrian, and she completely lost her mind.
"Natalia, Adrian has returned," Adrian's mother said as she approached to hug her daughter-in-law.
Natalia nodded her head as she smiled at her. "Yes, Mom."
She tried to control her tears from falling. It was time for joy, not for tears.
The guards from outside rushed inside and declared.
'Alpha is here!'noveldrama
A few cars came to a stop in front of the pack house. Natalia looked at the cars, biting her bottom lip as she waited to see Adrian.
Her heart skipped a bit when she saw the man stepping down from one of the cars.
Natalia's gaze lingered on the man in the black suit.
'Adrian'
She mumbled in a low tone.
Her heart rate increased as she watched him enter the pack house.
His handsome face struck her heart.
Just as before, he appeared to be stronger. But his head was covered in a bandage, so Natalia frowned, assuming he was hurt.
She felt like it had been years since she had not seen him. These two weeks felt like decades to her. Adrian's officials greeted him. His parents hugged him and expressed how much they missed him.
Alpha Lucas turned his head at Natalia and told Adrian,
"We all missed you, but she was missing you the most."
Adrian's eyes moved from them and shifted on Natalia.
The moment his eyes met hers, Natalia lost all of her control. She rushed toward him.
She hugged him, forgetting that everyone was around them.
She embraced him tightly and mumbled,
"I missed you, Adrian."
Adrian lifted his hands and wrapped his arms around her waist.
"How are you?"
His deep voice made her raise her head and look at him.
Tears streamed down her face. She wanted to tell him that she was not doing well without him. She wanted to give him the good news about their unborn children.
"Where have you been, Adrian?"
She saw him parting his lips to say something, but before he could let out anything an unfamiliar voice came from behind him.
"Adrian."
Adrian let her go of Natalia and moved aside to look behind him.
Everyone looked over to see who had just entered the packhouse.
Natalia saw a young woman walking into the house. She came to a halt beside Adrian and grasped his arm.
She smiled at everyone and replied,
"He was with me."
###Chapter 412
Natalia glanced at the woman's hand, which was holding Adrian's arm.
Her eyebrows arched as she slowly lifted her gaze to Adrian.
She took a step back when she noticed the woman hugging his arm.
It was then that Beta Patric walked into the pack house.
All the officials hugged him, welcoming him back. He was in the other car, so it took him some time to arrive.
Natalia could not move her attention from Adrian. She was waiting for Adrian to remove the woman's hand from him. But it did not seem he was feeling any discomfort around the woman.
"Who is she, Adrian?" Grace Miller asked her son.
It did not look good the way the young woman was hugging her son.
The young woman cast a glance at Grace. She had a beautiful face with a pair of soft emerald eyes. Her beauty was capable of attracting any man she desired.
She looked innocent and young, much younger than Natalia.
Adrian looked at his mother and replied,
"Mom, she is Hazel Leighton."
"Okay, but who-"
Alpha Lucas interrupted his wife as he asked,
"L-leighton?"
There was trembling in his voice. Everyone including Natalia turned to look at Lucas.
Lucas's eyes were clouded. "Which pack does she belong to?" he asked with a stressed tone.
Adrian's eyes grew darker as he muttered,
"The Black Haw Pack."
Alpha Lucas's eyes widened. He stepped back, nearly falling. Delta Julian quickly grabbed his arms to keep him from falling.
Alpha Lucas's reaction was something that caught everyone off guard.
Natalia redirected her gaze to Adrian. She noticed him staring at his father without approaching him to help him.
"What happened to you, Lucas? Are you feeling any pain in your chest?" Grace asked, holding Lucas's hand. She thought her husband had gotten another heart attack.
Alpha Lucas tried to compose himself. Instead of responding to his wife, she looked at the young woman named Hazel Leighton and asked,
"What brings a member of the Leighton family here?"
Natalia was perplexed as to why Lucas was talking about the girl's family as if they were the enemy of this pack. Beta Patric gazed at Alpha Lucas and replied,
*She saved Alpha during the rogue attack. Alpha had been targeted by the rogues' leader. At the time, she was the one who saved both him and me. We were injured. She sheltered us in the Black Haw Pack."
Natalia was a little surprised when she learned that the woman had saved Adrian's life. She should not have assumed that she had any bad intentions toward Adrian. She might be misinterpreting the situation.
Adrian was already married and had two children.
She let out a sigh and said,
'Thank you for saving my husband, Hazel."
Her voice did not move. She looked straight into her eyes. However, when she said 'my husband', she used a more forceful tone.
Hazel fixed her gaze on Natalia and gave her a warm smile. She let go of Adrian's arm and moved towards Natalia. She reached for Natalia's hand and spoke softly in a tone that sounded like honey to everyone. However, her words were bitter, which surprised Natalia.
*Natalia Hansley, Nice to meet you. Don't worry about him. He is fine now. I took care of him like my own husband."noveldrama
###
Natalia's eyes grew almost cold as she looked at Hazel. But before she could react further, Hazel burst out laughing.
*Look at your face, Sister. I was just joking. Don't worry, he is all yours. I took care of him without realizing he was the Alpha Adrian we had always heard about."
Natalia did not move her gaze away from her. She was not stupid. She caught her intention in her words.
However, her heart skipped a beat when she heard a deep voice.
"My wife doesn't like this kind of joke. So never dare to do that again."
Adrian's voice and words caused Natalia to feel relief in her heart.
She was on the verge of believing that he had taken another woman in their married life, just like Lynda.
Hazel turned around to look at Adrian. His dark eyes pierced into hers.
Hazel immediately turned away from him and looked at Natalia.
*Please tell him not to kill me. I apologize if I offended you, sister,"
Natalia noticed tears well up in her eyes. She blinked, realizing she had made a hasty judgment about this young
woman.
Before Natalia could say anything to her, Hazel hugged her tightly and whispered in her ear,
"I treated him for weeks, but he tried to kill me once. Please tell him not to kill me."
Natalia's heart warmed a little at her gentle, pleading tone. She glanced at how Hazel was hugging her tightly. It convinced her that this girl was clingy to everyone. So her hugging Adrian's arm was not something she was thinking about.
Natalia raised her hand and patted her back.
*Relax. He will not kill you."
Hazel pulled away from her hug and smiled at her. "Thank you, Sister. Ah, I forgot to ask you. Do you mind if I call you sister?"
Natalia stared at her for a while. The girl seemed innocent to her. She reminded her of Diva, her personal assistant.
"Sure," she muttered.
Her gaze shifted to Adrian, who appeared to be in a bad mood. He was looking at his father, who was staring at Hazel with a puzzled expression.
His mother glanced at him and asked,
"Adrian, why is she here?"
Adrian moved his eyes at his mother and asked,
"Is this how you will treat your guests, Mom?"
Natalia's eyebrows rose. She did not know who Adrian was angry with or why.
"She is our guest for some days. She will leave the pack soon," Patric said on behalf of Adrian.
Natalia cast a glance at Hazel, who stood next to her looking around the house.
Adrian turned to Gamma Benjamin and said,
'Benjamin."
"Yes, Alpha?"
*Tell the maids to tidy a room for Hazel."
"O-Okay, Alpha."
Gamma Benjamin hurriedly made his way to talk about it to the maid. On his way, he cast a glance at Natalia.
She nodded her head at him. He averted his gaze and went to the maid's quarter.
"Notify the entire pack that Alpha Adrian has returned to his pack. He will deal with what has happened over the last two weeks," his deep voice shook others.
His officials lowered their heads and went back to work. Now that their Alpha was back, they felt at ease.
With a sidelong glance at his father, Adrian muttered,
"I will talk to you later, Dad."
His tone was angry, as if it were alarming for his father.
Before Natalia could understand anything, Adrian made his way to her and grasped his hand.
Hazel tried to speak up.
"Adrian, I-"
Adrian turned to look at Hazel, causing her to stop and swallow her breath.
He composed himself and said,noveldrama
"You are wrong. She is not Natalia Hansley. She is Natalia Miller, the only wife of Alpha Adrian Miller."
###Chapter 414
Natalia did not know what to say. She had no idea why her cheeks had heated up. She lowered her head and bit her bottom lip to conceal her shy smile.
The way Adrian defended her in front of this woman, it touched her heart.
It revealed a protective side of him, leading her to believe it was her Adrian.
"Let's go," Adrian murmured, dragging her upstairs.
Natalia parted her lips, not knowing where they were going.
She cast a glance behind her at the others. She saw Adrian's father was not happy at all. Grace appeared perplexed by her husband's behavior.
When Adrian brought Natalia upstairs, she noticed him take her to their bedroom.
She fixed her gaze on her handsome husband as they walked together.
She glanced at her hand that he was holding gently, as if she were fragile to him.
She wanted to hide her shyness from him. Her eyes were filled with tears. She still could not believe that he was back.
Adrian opened the door, and they stepped inside. Adrian let go of her hand and looked around to see if everything was still the same as before.
Natalia smiled as she looked at him and closed the door.
But as soon as she closed the door, Adrian turned around and pressed her back against the door.
Natalia let out a loud gasp.
Adrian moved closer to her. He lowered his head to meet her level and asked,
"I asked you how you were. You did not reply to me, baby. Are you mad at me?"
Natalia could not hold back her tears, which streamed down her face.
"I was not well, Adrian. I was sad, upset, and mad at you. I had been searching for you for so long. Do you know how many nights I cried and how many days I spent at the border waiting for you?"
Adrian's eyes moved as he noticed her tears. He lifted his hands and wiped them with his thumbs.
He cupped his cheeks and tilted his head. He whispered into his lips,
'I missed you, too. But I was not in a condition to return."
Hearing him, she glanced at his head. She reached up to touch his head.
"What happened to your head? Did you get hurt? Is it still painful?"
He grabbed her hand and placed it around his neck.
*Don't worry about me. I am sorry for everything that has happened over the past few days. You can punish me for keeping you waiting. But please don't cry, baby."
The realization dawned on Natalia that he had become more gentle in front of her. He was not as angry in front of her as he was in front of others a while ago.
For her, he was her Adrian.noveldrama
"I don't want to punish you. I am happy that you are back."
He smirked and asked, "How happy?"
With a flush, Natalia tried to shove him.
'Let's talk about it late-.'
He did not let her complete her sentence as he grabbed the back of her neck and smashed his lips against hers.
###
Natalia shut her eyes close as soon as Adrian's lips touched hers. It was blissful to feel his lips on hers again.
She felt like it was what she had been missing-him, his kisses, and his touches.
Adrian moved his hands and wrapped them around her waist, pressing his body against her. He deepened the kiss, expressing how much he missed her.
She put both of her hands around his neck and tried to pull him closer.
He groaned during the kiss.
Opening her eyes, Natalia broke the kiss right away. Her worried eyes slid to him.
"What happened?" she asked.
He shut his eyes as if he were in pain, taking deep breaths.noveldrama
She reached up to touch the bandage on his forehead.
"Did I hurt your head?"
He opened his eyes and gazed at her. He shook his head slowly. "No."
'Adrian, you'
He pressed his thumb against her lips. "Ssshh."
She blinked her eyes and stared at him.
His deep eyes studied her, as if they were scanning every detail of her face. His gaze shifted to her neck, where they drew attention to the mark-his mark.
Natalia looked away from him and blushed under his gaze. She felt as if she had returned to the days before their first marriage, when she loved Adrian and was completely devoted to him.
Adrian lifted her chin to make her look at him. "Let me see you for a long time. You have no idea how much I missed seeing this sight."
Natalia looked into his eyes. She was blessed to have Adrian in her life.
He was her husband, mate, Alpha, and the king of her heart.
Adrian was caught off guard as she removed his hand from her chin. But the next moment, Adrian let out a sigh.
Natalia gave him a tight hug. She sobbed in his chest and mumbled,
"I thought I had lost you. I did not want to come back to this pack house without you. I had to live here alone."
Adrian embraced her back and asked,
"When did my woman become this emotional?"
Natalia released him from the hug and shoved his chest. "Stop making fun of my emotions, Adrian Miller."
He chuckled at her. He wiped her tears and leaned in her ear.
"Now stop sobbing, or I will make you sob in different ways."
Natalia tightened her fists.
'Adrian!"
He laughed and shook his head. He backed away from her and turned around.
'Have you eaten anything? Let me prepare something for you," Natalia said with a soft tone, like the obedient wife she used to be years ago.
He made his way to the closet and opened it.
"Let me take a shower, then I will join everyone."
Natalia stared at his broad back. He looked so strong. But he appeared to have lost weight. Perhaps it was due to his injury.
*Adrian, Patric said Hazel saved you. How did she do that? You were in our pack, fighting with rogues. Then how did she come to save you?"
###
Upon hearing Natalia, Adrian's hands froze on the clothes he was moving.
Having observed it, Natalia inquired,
"What happened?"
The fact that Adrian did not respond to her caused her to furrow her brows. She walked up to her and tapped on his shoulder.
Adrian grabbed his clothes, closed the closet door, and turned to face her.
*Adrian, I asked you something."
She was curious about how that young woman had saved such a powerful Alpha in a war.
Adrian was a formidable Alpha who every Alpha was afraid of. He was the only Alpha to win three wars in a row while also winning packs.
Then how could a woman like Hazel find a way to come to the aid of him during the war?
Adrian's eyes met hers, and she found them strange.
In response, he turned his gaze away from her and said,
"Let's not talk about it. I was wounded in the war, and she was a good doctor who treated me."
Natalia heard him, but there seemed to be something missing. She could not figure out why she could not trust his words.
She arched an eyebrow while folding her hands against her chest.
"I did not like the way she touched my husband."
Adrian's brows lifted. His lips curved up into a smirk.
"I see. You are possessive of your husband."
She rolled her eyes. "Of course I am. I hope you are still aware of who your wife is."
After saying this, her eyes turned glowing blue.
She intended to tease him. But she was surprised by his expression.
The smirk disappeared almost immediately. His eyes darkened, as though he was uncomfortable with something. "What-"
Adrian turned away from her and said,
"I am going to take a shower. Let's talk about it later, okay?"
Natalia's eyes narrowed as her folded hands loosened. She watched him go to the bathroom and then closed the door.
Her eyes turned back to black. She was staring at the bathroom door.noveldrama
"What is wrong with him? He was fine a few minutes ago," she murmured to herself.
She assumed it was because of the wound on his forehead. Maybe he was not feeling well.
She exited the room and headed downstairs. With a smile on her face, she told the maids that she was going to make Adrian's favorite dishes.
The maids helped her in the kitchen and set the table in the dining room.
When she was ready to call Adrian and his parents, she heard loud voices from the living room.
She went into the living room and saw her twins had returned to the pack house.
"DAD!"
Aria and Noah dashed to Adrian, who was walking down the stairs.
They hugged Adrian's legs as soon as he reached the final step.
Adrian knelt down to look at them.
"How are you two?"
They hugged his neck.
"We missed you, dad," Noah said.
"Yeah, I love you so much, dad," Aria added.
Adrian kissed their heads and asked,
"Did you look after your mother while I was away?"
Natalia bit her bottom lip to hide her smile while staring at them.
Noah broke the hug and replied,
"Mommy cried again. But we did our best to stop her."
"Don't worry. Dad is back."
Aria kissed his cheek and asked,
'But where were you, Dad?
Adrian raised his gaze and muttered,
"Somewhere Daddy should not have gone."
###
Aria and Noah were confused by their father's words. But they were overjoyed that their father had returned. They were confident he would.
Adrian stood up straight and held their hands.
"Have a meal with Dad," he said to them.
They grinned at him happily and nodded their heads at them.
Natalia walked towards them and said to the children,
"No, you should get cleaned up first."
"No, please, Mommy. We will go after-
Adrian cut Aria off as he said,
'Listen to your mommy. Go and return quickly. Dad will wait for both of you."
Hearing him, they yanked their hands and dashed upstairs to their rooms to freshen up.
Natalia laughed at their actions. They were very adorable. They were ecstatic to see Adrian after such a long time.
Adrian gave a quick glance at the stairs before turning away. Natalia's bright smile caught his attention.
Natalia shifted her gaze, and Adrian caught it.
She blushed as she noticed how carefully he was looking at her.
He moved closer. She gulped and lowered her head.
"You look weak. It seems like you skipped your meals lately."
His tone was kind of angry, showing his care for her. She raised her head to look at him.
She smiled at him and replied,
"You had left your twins with me. They watched out for me."
He lifted his hand and cupped her cheek. His thumb brushed against her cheek softly.noveldrama
"You have to be stronger."
She sneered as she mumbled, "You know I am an Alph-
"So what if you are an Alpha? You still seem delicate to me, and I have to look after you. So, starting now, you must eat well. I will ensure that."
His words and calm tone hit her heart, and it was like a bell of love rang inside it.
She gripped his wrist and brought her cheek closer to his hand. She could not express her happiness in words.
She remembered what the doctor had said in the pack hospital. She was pregnant.
Since Adrian was back, she felt that it was the best time to let everyone know the happy news.
*Adrian, I have something to tell you."
Adrian gave her a gesture with his head to continue. She took a deep breath and started to speak again.
"Adrian, H am-'
Natalia could not say what she wanted to say. Because a voice interrupted her.
"Were they your kids?"
Natalia spun around to see Hazel coming down the steps. She shifted her eyes and noticed that Hazel was wearing one of her dresses.
"This dress? Where did you get it from?" Natalia inquired as she moved toward the staircase.
Hazel lowered her head to look at her dress. She then returned her gaze to Natalia and replied,
*Sister, one of your maids gave it to me. She said before the wedding you stayed in a room and so a few of your dresses were there."
Natalia realized that she had spent a few days in Aria and Noah's room after the war and before the wedding. So there were a few dresses left.
Hazel stepped into the last step and spun around to show her dress.
"Adrian, don't I look like her?"
###Chapter 418
Natalia was stunned by what Hazel said. She looked over at Adrian, who was glaring at Hazel.
"How dare you go upstairs? Who granted you permission to go there?"
Adrian's angry voice caused Hazel to flinch. She quickly took Natalia's hand and hid behind her.
"I was just-
Adrian approached Natalia and grabbed Hazel's hand from behind her. He appeared to be ready to reprimand her.
But Natalia held his hand to prevent him from doing so.
'Let it go. Maybe she did not have a dress to wear."
Adrian's angry eyes met Natalia, which shocked Natalia. He was always gentle with her. So looking at his angry eyes made her feel strange.noveldrama
"Natalia, when I said she was only a guest, I meant it. You do not need to give her so much value that she becomes one of us. Because she is not."
Natalia's hand loosened around his arm as she looked away from him. She turned around to confront Hazel.
She noticed Hazel's eyes were wet with tears. She seemed to be scared.
"Hazel, you don't look that weak. You managed to save Adrian somehow. So you must be a strong woman. Why are you in tears?" Natalia asked.
Hazel held Natalia's hands and mumbled in a low tone.
"I d-don't want him to be angry at me. I only wore this dress. I thought-
Adrian raised a brow and muttered,
*No one cares about what you think. Stay here for a week, like a dignified woman. I will manage to get you back to your pack very soon."
After saying that, Adrian made his way to the dining room, leaving the two women alone.
Tears rolled down Hazel's eyes, which made Natalia feel bad. But she also did not like how Hazel behaved toward Adrian.
"Look, Hazel. I don't know anything about you. But I can tell you one thing. Don't wish for something that can't be yours. It will only hurt you."
Hazel wiped her tears and looked into Natalia's eyes.
"W-What are you saying, Sister?"
*Maybe you are too young to perceive the world as a fantasy. I owe you good behavior because you saved my man. My husband is a man who can capture any woman's eyes, but I am the only woman in his heart."
Seemingly stunned, Hazel's eyes widened. "I never considered taking him away from you. I am a frail woman who saved him luck by chance."
Natalia gazed intently into her emerald eyes. Her skimming eyes lingered on her eyes for a long time.
After a while, Natalia's eyes glowed dark blue, which caused Hazel to take a step back. She appeared to be terrified.
Was it Nancy, Natalia's wolf, who scared her? Or was it because her eyes were more fierce than even the Alpha males she had seen before?
"W-Who are you?" Hazel mumbled while looking at Natalia.
Natalia's face was not calm as she stood in front of Adrian. She dug her eyes at Hazel and replied simply but with a strong tone with power in her voice.
"I am the Luna of this pack."
###Chapter 419
Hazel's gaze remained focused on Natalia's deep blue eyes. She swallowed and lowered her head then uttered,
"Sister, I am not after anyone. I have my own reason to come here. Adrian, take me here-"
*Alpha, Natalia said, interrupting her.noveldrama
"What?" Hazel asked with a confused look.
'Call him by his rank. Stop calling him by his name. Because except for his family, no one is allowed to do that."
Natalia's words came out like sharp knives. She was very clear about her possession.
The Alpha blood running in her body was the reason behind her anger and possessiveness.
The difference between her and other ordinary she-wolves was that they could only feel it and could do nothing but tell the person they loved. However, Natalia possessed the power and ability to kill anyone with a single blink of her eyes. She was a very strong wolf who Alpha males begged to have.
As her wolf had previously stated, she was the cure that every Alpha desired.
"But he is not the Alpha of my pack. So I am not obliged to do that. Aside from that, he doesn't mind when I call him by his name."
Natalia arched her brow in response to Hazel's statements. Why did she feel like she had some power in her voice?
Wasn't she in tears a while ago?
As Natalia clenched her fists and prepared to wam Hazel, her twins' quick descent down the stairs captured her attention. She immediately turned her eyes back to black and made a calm face in front of them.
"Mommy, where is dad? We are back," Aria said with excitement.
Natalia signaled them to the dining room. The two kids glanced at Hazel.
Hazel wiped the corners of her eyes and gave them a warm grin.
*Aria, Noah, she is Hazel. She is our guest for some days." Natalia said to the twins.
"We have already met her, Mommy," Noah replied.
Natalia was confused. "How did you meet her? Where?"
*She was in our room when we got there. She said she is our aunt," Aria said with a sweet tone.
Natalia turned her head towards Hazel. "You were in their room?"
She nodded her head. "Yeah. When I got down stairs, I asked Adrian if they were his children. Remember, Sister?" Hazel asked innocently.
Natalia assumed one of the maids had taken her to their room to give her the dress to wear. So she did not raise any further questions about it.
Hazel bent down toward the children, and her grin broadened.
"You are very cute. Do you know that?"
Hazel's questions caused Aria's face to brighten. "Really?"
Hazel gave Aria a nod. Her gaze then turned to Noah.
Noah was calmly standing next to Aria. He had no smile. He was kind of introverted, so he could not just get along with others in a short time. He needed time for that.
Hazel reached up to put her hand on Noah's head. She tousled her hair and gave him a close inspection, as though she was studying him.
*You are exactly like your father. You are the heir of this pack."
###
Noah cast a glance at his mother. Natalia stood still and calm. She was glad that Hazel knew Noah was the heir of this pack.
"Let's go. Your dad is waiting," Natalia said, grabbing both of the twin's hands.
They happily walked with their mother to see their father again.
In the dining room,
Adrian was sitting on the head chair, talking on his phone.
*Ask him to visit our pack. I want to talk to him about something important."
His voice was calm, but his gaze was not.
Natalia had just stepped into the dining room with the twins. She noticed Adrian was not in a good mood.
She silently picked up the twins and seated them near Adrian's left side. Then she took her seat, which was the right seat next to Adrian.
Hazel also came into the room. She seemed perplexed. She walked up to Natalia and sat beside her.
Natalia stared at Adrian, waiting for his conversation to end.
*Organize everything as quickly as possible. I can't let her stay here for a long time."
Natalia realized he was talking about Hazel. She looked over at Hazel and noticed that her head was lowered.
When Adrian hung up the phone, he looked at Natalia.
'Let's eat. It's been a while since we last ate together."
Natalia responded with a smile and a nod. She stood up and took his plate before serving him food.
Adrian kept an eye on her at all times. Natalia could feel his gaze on her as well.
"I told the maids to call Mom and Dad. They must be coming." Natalia said to Adrian after placing his plate near him on the table.
Adrian waited for his parents while others did the same. Natalia cast a glance at the twins. They were whispering to each other.
"What happened?" Adrian asked them.
"Dad, what happened to your forehead? Why do you have the bandage on? Are you hurt?" Aria asked.
"Yes, baby. Dad got hurt a little. It looks like he is not as strong as your mommy."
His words stunned Natalia. She put her hand over his.
'Don't say that. Everyone knows who you are. That's why you are their only target. Like others, you are also a werewolf, so being hurt is normal.."
Adrian looked into her eyes and muttered,
"I am sorry. You had to cancel the crown ceremony for me."
"It's okay," Natalia replied.
*Crown Ceremony? What is it?" Hazel's voice came from next to Natalia.
Natalia turned to her and asked, "You don't know about it?"
She shook her head and started to speak in an excited tone.noveldrama
*No, I have never heard of it. We only have a diabolic night when all the wi-"
Someone cleared their throat, interrupting Hazel before she could finish.
Everyone turned their heads and saw Alpha Lucas and Grace enter the dining room.
Alpha Lucas made his way to his chair and sat down. Grace moved to the next seat. They looked at Hazel.
Alpha Lucas questioned Hazel in an agitated tone.
"What are you so excited about? Your culture and way of life are not the same as ours. There is nothing more for us to learn about it."
###Chapter 421
Natalia looked at Alpha Lucas. She was trying to understand why he said that. She wondered why Hazel's culture differed from theirs.
She glanced at Hazel, who stared at Alpha Lucas. She did not look innocent the way she behaved all the time. For some reason, Natalia was unable to comprehend something that she looked in her eyes.
'Alpha Lucas must be very proud of his culture. But I am curious why his people abandoned their promises. Is it a part of your culture that you struggle to keep your promises?"noveldrama
Everyone's attention was fixed on Hazel. The sudden confidence of the young woman surprised Natalia. However, what caught her more attention was her words.
What promises was she talking about?
"You and your people, everything is just-
"Relax, Dad."
Adrian's voice was enough to stop his father from continuing to speak. He shrugged his shoulders and began to eat.
Noah and Aria noticed their father started to eat, so they did the same.
Alpha Lucas and Grace were staring at their son. Meanwhile, Natalia was looking at Alpha Lucas.
'Dad, are you hiding something?" she thought in her mind.
She had many questions for Adrian. She would ask him everything at night when he would not be busy.
He had a lot to deal with since he had only recently returned.
All of the officials were also extremely busy. There were numerous projects that were on hold. They needed to continue their work.
The dining table remained silent. Adrian left the dining table after finishing his meal. Hazel did not speak out again. Others were similarly quiet.
Natalia spent the entire day lost in her thoughts. Adrian was not at home. He went to his company. Patric went along with him. Other officials were certain to carry out Adrian's orders.
Adrian Miller possessed the ability to calm the entire pack and hold back all of the deals that had nearly slipped from the Crystal Blood Pack's grasp. He only needed half of the day to reclaim the old stage of his pack.
At night in the pack house,
Natalia was walking back and forth in the living room. While waiting for Adrian, she kept her gaze fixed on the main door. She was afraid he would disappear like he had two weeks ago. This fear had settled in her heart.
She did not want to lose Adrian again.
"Luna."
Natalia heard Amanda's voice from behind. Before she could turn, Amanda rushed to her and held her hand.
Seeing Amanda's worried expression, Natalia asked,
"What's wrong, Amanda? Are you okay?"
Amanda shook her head. "Luna, let's go with me to the children's room."
Natalia was taken aback. "The children's room? Is everything alright? Why are you not saying anything, Amanda?"
Natalia's heart pounded faster with worry. Amanda answered with a concerned expression,
"Noah is running a high fever."
Natalia dashed upstairs and went into her children's room. She opened the door and found Aria sitting on the bed. Beside her, Noah was lying on the bed.
His face was red, and his eyes were closed.
Natalia ran to him and placed her hand on his forehead to check his temperature.
Her eyes widened when she saw Noah's whole body was burning at a high temperature.
"Call the pack doctor immediately."
###Chapter 422
Amanda looked at Natalia and said, "Luna, I don't have the new pack doctor's number."
Natalia rubbed her forehead and asked her to call Gamma Benjamin.
When Amanda called Benjamin, he had just entered the pack house. After hearing about Noah, Benjamin rushed into the room.
*Natalia," Benjamin said, walking into the room.
Natalia was sitting next to Noah. So when she heard Benjamin, she stood up and looked at him.
'Call our new doctor immediately. He is running a high fever."
Benjamin did not waste any seconds as he dialed the doctor.
In ten minutes, the doctor showed up at the pack house to check on Noah.
"It's surprising. Since he is not sick with a cold or cough, what could be causing this fever?" the doctor said.
Natalia glanced at Benjamin. He questioned the doctor right away.
"That's why we called you here, doctor."
The doctor stood up after writing down a prescription. He handed it to Benjamin, then turned to Natalia. He bowed slightly to her and said,
"I prescribed some medication. He will be fine. It is possible he got a fever due to the seasonal change.
Natalia gave him a nod before shifting her gaze to Noah. After the doctor left, Benjamin called Adrian to inform him about Noah. Then he went to buy the medicines.
Natalia sat down next to Noah. Aria came over to hug her.
"Mommy, Noah's body is shaking!" Aria said while crying.
She loved her brother a lot. She and Noah shared a unique bond that set them apart from their other siblings. It was because they were twins.
"He will be fine. He is a strong kid," Natalia assured Aria.
Natalia ruffled Noah's hair while keeping her gaze fixed on him. She decided to wipe his body with lukewarm water. It may help to reduce his fever slightly.
She got out of bed and went to the bathroom. She walked out with a bowl of water and a cloth. Amanda extended her hand, indicating that she could do that. But Natalia said she could do that. She wanted to take care of her child on her own. Her son needed his mother right now.
She sat on the edge of the bed beside Noah. Aria was watching her mother take care of her brother.
After soaking and twisting the cloth in the water, Natalia covered Noah's forehead with it. After a while, she wiped his body and covered him with two blankets.
The door suddenly swung open. Natalia turned her head and saw Adrian walking inside with a worried face.
"How is he doing now?" he inquired, approaching the bed.
Natalia sat up straight and responded, "The doctor said he would be fine. Benjamin went to get the medicines."
Adrian sat next to her and placed his hand on Noah's forehead. He could feel his body's heat rising.
"He told me what the doctor had said. He is on the way with the medicines."
Natalia nodded her head. She stood up and was about to grab the bowl to change the water.
However, she felt her head spinning, causing her to nearly fall.
Adrian hurriedly stood up and held her waist to prevent her from falling.
She blinked her eyes, trying to regain consciousness. Her blurred vision became clear.
Adrian was gazing at her. He cupped her cheeks and asked with a soft tone,
"Are you okay?"noveldrama
She stood up straight and nodded her head. "Yeah. That usually happens. So don't worry."
Adrian's brow furrowed, but then his gaze froze on her face.
"How often does this happen? Are you... pregnant?"
###Chapter 423noveldrama
Natalia looked into Adrian's eyes. For some reason, she could not see the excitement in his eyes to know the answer.
"What if I am?" she asked, giving him a doubtful look.
Adrian stroked her hair and replied,
"By hearing your question, I can guess the answer is no."
Natalia parted her lips when she noticed he let out a sigh as if he wanted to hear that answer.
'Noah opened his eyes!"
Aria let out in a louder voice.
Adrian and Natalia both turned to Noah and saw him blinking.
They sat beside Noah. Natalia held his hand and rubbed it.
'My baby, how are you feeling?"
Noah looked at Natalia and mumbled,
"Mommy, it hurts."
His low tone could be inaudible to others, but Alphas like Natalia and Adrian heard it clearly.
Natalia felt tears well up in her eyes.
"Where do you feel hurt? Tell Mommy."
Adrian moved closer to Noah and looked into his eyes.
Noah became silent as he looked at his father.
'Does it hurt in your head? Uncle Benjamin will bring your medicine soon. Don't worry."
Noah pursed his mouth, trying to show his father that he was a strong kid. After all, when Adrian used to train him, his first words were, "No matter how much you are in pain, you cannot show others that you are weak; it will only make them believe that you are incapable."
Natalia caressed Noah's hair and kissed his forehead.
"You will be fine, my baby."
Natalia's words gave Noah some power. Aria began to cry as she noticed her brother shaking inside the blankets.
A few minutes later, Gamma Benjamin came into the room. He noticed Adrian was sitting on the bed.
He immediately bowed his head and said,
"Alpha."
Adrian took a look at the medicine and motioned to Benjamin to give it to Natalia.
Benjamin walked up to the bed and handed it to Natalia.
Natalia quickly grabbed it and gave Noah the medicine that the doctor had prescribed for the night.
Benjamin left the room after spending some time there. Adrian did not move from his son for a moment.
As it took longer to ease Noah's body temperature, the night felt long.
When Natalia saw Noah's fever was decreasing, she felt relieved.
Aria dozed off in Adrian's chest as he leaned on the bed's headboard.
Meanwhile, Natalia ran her fingers through Noah's hair. Her eyes were fixed on him. She was worried for his health.
"He is your son. Don't worry about him. He is stronger like his mother."
Adrian's words caused her to turn her head to look at him.
"Hmm? My son? Not yours?"
Natalia glanced at Adrian who was holding Aria in his arms.
Usually fathers loved their daughters more than their sons.
"Of course both are mine. But he got your eyes, the powers, and the abilities. I can't forget how his mother came to me when I was almost dead in the war.
Natalia smiled at him. "I can do anything for you, Adrian."
While holding Aria in his arms, Adrian moved closer to Natalia and kissed her forehead.
Natalia blushed and looked at their twins. She mumbled softly,
"Once we have another child-"
"No."
Adrian unexpectedly interrupted her, which shocked her. She looked at him and asked,
"What?"
Gazing at the twins, Adrian uttered,
"We don't need another child, Natalia. We are happy with our twins."
###Chapter 424
Natalia was startled. Her hand was close to her belly. She slowly placed her palm on her belly while staring at Adrian.
"Why don't we need another? That will be our child, Adrian."
Adrian frowned at her and asked,
"Do you want to have another one? Natalia, we now have an heir and an heiress. I don't want another child. You and the twins are enough for me."
Natalia felt her heart trembling from within. Before even getting to know about the news of the unborn child, he was telling her that it would be an unwanted child.
Her eyes turned blurry as she looked away from him. She slowly rose up from the bed.
"Where are you going?" Adrian asked.
She turned away from him. Biting her lower lip to control her tears, she took a deep breath and replied,
"I will be back after a while."
After saying that, she left the bedroom.
Tears rolled down from her eyes. She wiped her tears while heading to the balcony.
She ran into Amanda along the way.
"I didn't tell Alpha's parents about Noah's fever as you told you," Amanda said.noveldrama
"Good," Natalia replied in a low tone.
"Luna, are you okay?" Amanda inquired, gazing into her tear-filled eyes.
"Noah will be fine, Luna," Amanda said, assuming Natalia was crying for Noah.
"Yeah. You can go to sleep now, Amanda. Your Alpha will be in the children's room to look after them."
"Oh, okay," Amanda replied.
Natalia walked past her and made her way to the balcony. All she needed was some fresh air. She did not know what to feel right now.
She was so excited to tell Adrian about this baby! It was impossible for her to be with him when she was first pregnant. He had already expressed his regret at not being with her when Noah and Aria were born.
However, what happened to Adrian? Why did he not want to have another child? What should she do now? She was already pregnant.
She approached the balcony, which was surrounded by darkness. She entered the balcony and moved in the direction of the railing.
She stopped walking when she saw that someone else was also standing there.
Glancing at him, she uttered,
"Benjamin?"
When Gamma Benjamin looked around, he saw that Natalia was there. He was smoking there. So when he saw Natalia, he quickly threw the cigarette to show her some respect as his Luna.
"Natalia, what are you doing here?"
Natalia looked away from him and mumbled.
"I would like to be alone here for some time."
She continued to walk toward the railing and held it tightly. The moonlight illuminated her face.
She closed her eyes, tears running down her cheeks.
When she remarried Adrian, she expected her life to change.
But why did she feel like she was living in reverse?
"Are you crying?"
Benjamin's voice came from behind her. He sounded surprised. He had never seen her like this before, not even when Adrian went missing.
Natalia used to cry in her room, not in front of others. Everyone saw her cry only after Adrian returned to the pack house.
Natalia slowly turned to Benjamin, who was aware of her pregnancy.
She looked at him with teary eyes and replied,
"Benjamin, he doesn't want this child."
###
Benjamin was shocked after hearing Natalia.
"What are you saying? I think you are mistaken. Alpha is not like that."
Natalia looked away from him. She was also taken aback when she heard Adrian's words.
"What did Alpha tell you?" Benjamin inquired, seeking to understand the true circumstances.
Natalia remained silent as her eyes roamed around in search of a way to pause, just like her mind. When Benjamin noticed that she was not replying, he asked another question,
"Did you tell him that you are pregnant?"
Natalia looked at him and shook her head in response.
*Then? How can you tell that he doesn't want this child?"
Natalia wiped her eyes and mumbled,
"He said he doesn't want another child."
Benjamin raised his brows. "Natalia, you need to tell him about your pregnancy. Maybe he will change his perspective."
Natalia clutched the railing, believing that even if Adrian agreed to take this child, it would be a compromise for him.
She stayed quiet for a while. She thought that she could not hide it from Adrian, and Benjamin was right about it. So she turned around. She found Benjamin still there.
"I think you are right."
Benjamin smiled at her. "Alpha loves you a lot. Your child means everything to him. He will never abandon any of your children. After all, they are his blood."
Natalia nodded her head and considered returning to Aria and Noah's room.
She looked over at Benjamin and said,
*Thank you, Benjamin. You have been with me like a friend for the past few weeks."
He shook his head and replied,
*You are my Luna. As a Gamma, I must protect my Alpha and Luna."
Natalia raised her hand to pat his shoulder. "You are a very protective Gamma."noveldrama
After saying that, she turned to leave but stopped. She saw Hazel standing behind them.
Natalia frowned at her.
"What are you doing here?" she asked her.
*N-Nothing. I was feeling bored, Sister," Hazel replied.
Benjamin walked toward Hazel and inspected her with his keen eyes.
"Were you eavesdropping on us?" Benjamin asked in a cold tone.
Hazel's eyes grew wider. She raised her hands and shook them.
"No, no. I didn't hear anything."
She rushed up to Natalia and grabbed her hands.
*Sister, trust me, I did not listen in on your conversation with him."
The innocence on her face caused Natalia to give her a benefit of doubt.
"Okay, I got it. Don't roam around the pack house at night. Go back to sleep," Natalia said to her.
Hazel gave her a smile and nodded. "Okay, Sister."
Natalia made her way out of the balcony. She was thinking about how to tell Adrian about their unborn child.
She believed she would make him understand about it. He loved her so he would understand that another child would not cause any problem in their lives.
But as soon as she stepped out of the balcony, she heard Benjamin's voice from behind.
"Hazel!"
When Natalia turned around, she saw Hazel lying on the ground.
###
Adrian was sitting on the bed. His gaze lingered on the closed door ever since Natalia had left the room.
Cloudiness crept into his eyes. His expression changed from calm to fierce. He took a quick glance at Aria and then Noah.
He slowly lowered Aria's head onto the pillow next to Noah and got out of bed.
He made his way to the door to leave the room. However, his steps came to a halt. He turned his head to look at the twins.
His hands tightened around the doorknob. He drew a deep breath and released the doorknock.
He turned around and walked over to the couch near the bed.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a pack of cigarettes. He took out one cigarette and placed it between his lips.
His eyes were once again forced to gaze at the twins. He clenched his teeth around the cigarette.noveldrama
His hands shook when he put down the cigarette. He threw the cigarette to the floor as if he were in anger. His eyes turned red.
The handsome face that had always caught everyone's attention became more fierce, which could scare any
woman.
The door opened all of a sudden without any knock.
His eyes returned to black as he assumed it was Natalia.
But it was not Natalia who had just entered, but rather his beta, Patric.
Patric glanced at him before closing the door. Patrick's gaze shifted to Noah.
"I heard he is sick," Patric said as he approached the couch.
"Hmm.'
Patric's legs came to a halt as he directed his gaze towards Adrian, scrutinizing him closely. "Adrian?"
Adrian's eyes were on the floor. Walking over to the couch, Patric took a seat beside him. "Ad-"
Adrian lifted his head and turned to him. Patric gulped as he realized how enraged his Alpha was.
"W-What happened?"
Adrian's eyed turned red as he looked into his eyes and replied,
*Find out what Natalia is hiding."
Patric looked at him with a frown. "What are you saying? Why would she hide anything from you? Didn't you notice how happy she was when we returned to the pack?"
Adrian looked away from him and muttered,
"I saw it, but-
He could not finish the sentence as he hissed. With a groan, he grasped his forehead. He was trying to keep his tone low so that the children would not wake up.
Patric's eyes widened. His focus shifted to the bandage wrapping around Adrian's forehead.
He immediately grasped Adrian's arm and said,
"Ad-Adrian, we should-
Adrian gazed at him, which caused Patric to tremble from inside.
It was because Adrian's red eyes turned glowing brown. It was as if someone had mixed the green color into his red eyes and changed them.
Adrian pushed Patric's hand away from his arm.
"Leave me," he said with a deep, painful voice.
Patric let out a shaky voice.
*A-Alpha!"
He appeared helpless as he witnessed the pain his Alpha and best friend were going through. Adrian clutched the bandage. He almost ripped it, but a voice from the other side interrupted him. 'Dad?"
His hands froze. His eyes turned back to black. He turned his head and saw Noah calling him.
He blinked his eyes a few times and got up from the couch. Patric was stunned by his sudden change. Adrian looked at him as if nothing had happened just now, and he was not in any pain a few seconds ago. "Do you want me to call Qadir?' Patric asked.
"No. The Hansley family will learn about it. This is not something I can involve her or her family in. No matter how powerful she is, this is something beyond her control. Her life is precious to me," Adrian said and made his way to Noah, who was looking at him.
'Adrian-'
Adrian cut Patric off by turning to him with a cold face.
"As I told you before returning to the pack, don't tell her anything about this."
He was about to look away from him but paused and added,
"Go and find out if Natalia is pregnant."
###Chapter 427
Natalia hurried over to Hazel and took a close look at her. "What happened to her?" she asked.
Benjamin gazed at Hazel with a frown. He got down on his knees and patted her cheek lightly.
"Are you pretending in front of us? Then don't do that, because we don't have the time to appreciate your acting." Benjamin's words stunned Natalia. She put her hand on his shoulder and said,
'Benjamin, she passed out. Pick her up."
Benjamin did not have any interest in doing so. But since it was Natalia's order, he would have to do it.
He lifted Hazel and proceeded to the room where she was staying. Natalia followed him behind.
On their way, a few maids noticed them.
The maids rushed to a room and knocked on the door.
Grace opened the door and looked at the maids.
"Why are you here at this hour? Is everything okay?" Grace asked them.
The maid could tell that she was sleeping by observing her drowsy expression. The maids glanced at Alpha Martin, who had also woken up by the knock.
"Let them in, Grace," Alpha Martin said.
Grace stepped aside to let the maids enter the room. The maids bowed their heads to Martin and said,
"You instructed us to keep an eye on Hazel."
Grace raised her brows and turned to face Martin. "What am I hearing? You set a spy on our guests? Come on, Martin. I understand she is different from us, but you did not have to do that. Adrian said she would leave soon, right?"
Martin sat up and focused on the maids, ignoring his wife's words.
"Do you have any news?" he asked the maids.
The maids nodded their heads. One of them informed Martin,
"We saw her wandering around the pack house. She went to the balcony for some time, then she came out in Gamma Benjamin's arms. Luna was with them too."noveldrama
Both Martin and Grace were confused.
Another maid tried to clear the things as she said,
'She seemed to be unconscious. Maybe Hazel is ill. Luna looked concemed. "They were on their way to Hazel's bedroom."
As soon as Martin heard that, his eyes widened. Grace glanced at her husband, who had been acting strangely since meeting Hazel.
Martin got out of the bed. He groaned in anger as if something had really hit his mind.
"Check to see if they have called any doctors. Try to stop them from doing so."
The maids left the room after hearing Martin. They were his maids, whom he assigned to keep an eye on everything in case someone betrayed him or his son.
Martin's words shocked Grace. "Martin, how cruel are you? That child must be sick. You are telling them to stop calling doctors? Are you out of your mind?"
Martin dashed out of the bedroom, heading for Hazel's room. Grace trailed behind him.
"I am asking you something."
Grace's voice came from behind, but Martin was not in the state to say anything. He was no longer as strong because he had a heart attack shortly after his son disappeared. But after learning that he was staying in the Black Haw Pack, his health tumed worse.
"That Leighton family has returned to destroy our lives. I can't let them do that."
###
When the maids arrived at Hazel's bedroom, they discovered that Natalia and Gamma Benjamin were standing outside of the room.
"W-We saw that Miss Hazel looked unconscious; is she okay?" A senior maid questioned Natalia.
Natalia answered with a shake of her head,
"Don't know. Maybe she is having a difficult time adjusting to the weather here. She is from a whole different place."
Natalia's tone was calm and polite. Though she was their soon-to-be Luna and a woman with Alpha rank, she always talked to the senior maids politely. She never behaved rudely with young maids either. Because of the uniqueness of her aura, people were compelled to bow down in front of her, despite the fact that she had not yet been officially declared to be the Luna of this pack.
"What is going on inside?" A young maid asked.
"Why are you even asking? Go back to your rooms, everyone," Benjamin replied with a cold tone.
The maids immediately lowered their heads. Their gamma was hot blooded, and they did not want to lose their lives.
*Take it easy, Benjamin. Maybe they are worrying about our guest,' Natalia said to Benjamin with a small smile. "We called a doctor, and he is checking on her."
When the maids heard Natalia, they exchanged glances with one another, their eyes widened in surprise. They could not stop Natalia from calling the doctor. How could she have acted so quickly that she had already called the doctor?
Natalia noticed their scared expressions and wondered why they were so concerned. Perhaps they were also drawn to Hazel's innocent behavior.noveldrama
'Benjamin, please notify Adrian."
"What about the kids? Are you going back to them?"
"Tell someone to be with the kids. I would like to stay here and hear what the doctor says."
Benjamin tried to mind link Adrian, which failed unexpectedly. So he decided to go to the twin's room to call Adrian.
At that time, Alpha Martin and Grace had arrived. Benjamin glanced at them but did not ask anything and headed to the twin's room.
When Alpha Martin heard that Natalia had already called the doctor, all the colors washed away from his face. "Dad, are you okay?" Natalia asked, looking at him.
The door opened, and the doctor emerged from the room. Natalia's attention shifted to the doctor.
Natalia entered the room to see if Hazel had come to consciousness.
Behind her, Alpha Martin and Grace also walked into the room. The maids left from there since Alpha Martin himself was there. They were afraid to lose their jobs because they could not do one thing properly.
*Is she alright? What happened to her, doctor?" Natalia inquired, glancing at Hazel, who was lying on the bed.
"You don't need to worry about her. At this stage, fainting is normal," the doctor replied.
Natalia froze when she heard that. Her gaze moved toward the doctor.
"What do you mean by this stage?"
The doctor smiled at her, realizing that everyone was unaware of it.
"She is pregnant."
###
Everyone in the room was shocked. Natalia shifted her gaze at Hazel and thought,
*Pregnant? She is unmarried. Does she have a lover? Do her family members know about it?'
Many questions popped into her head. She thought they could not keep Hazel in their pack any longer. But again, she thought Hazel was afraid to tell her family about it and came here to take shelter.
"Impossible!"
Alpha Martin's loud and angry voice echoed throughout the room. It caused Natalia to turn around to face him.
"This woman can't be pregnant. Examine her again. I think she needs to go to the pack hospital. We need a clear check for this. We can't just believe-'
"Dad, what are you saying?" Natalia interrupted him.
His behavior was confusing her. "He is a senior doctor from our pack hospital. I personally called him. Our private physician can't check on anyone except our family, so I request him to come and check Hazel. He can't be wrong."
Alpha Martin closed his mouth. Grace walked toward the bed and looked at Hazel.
"We need to inform her parents as soon as possible."
At that moment, a voice rang in the room as the owner of the voice entered.
"What do you need to inform her parents?"
Natalia turned her head and saw Adrian walking inside with Benjamin. She recalled what she had decided on the balcony.
She would tell him about her pregnancy tonight. But before that they needed to do something about that young girl living in their pack as a guest.
She took a deep breath and said,
*Adrian, Hazel fainted on the balcony. Doctor Smith checked her and said she is pregnant."
Adrian's eyes were on Hazel until he heard Natalia. His eyes moved, and he slowly turned his head towards her. "What nonsense?"
His reaction was quite the same as his father's. Natalia did not know what was wrong with them.
Adrian shot a glare at the doctor, which caused the man to shake inside.
"A-Alpha-'
"How many weeks?"
His question astounded Natalia. She blinked her eyes, not understanding why he was asking so many questions. The doctor stuttered and replied,
'Alpha, the fetus is very fragile. It looks around two weeks."
Something hit Natalia's mind as she felt a pang in her head. At first, she was perplexed by Adrian's question until she heard the doctor's reply.
"Two weeks?" she mumbled.
Adrian was also in Hazel's pack for two weeks. Everything struck Hazel's mind, from the way Hazel always tried to get Adrian's attention to the pregnancy.
"You can leave right now. Don't tell anyone about this," Alpha Martin said to the doctor.
When the doctor left, everyone went silent. Natalia's eyes were on the floor as she could not move her gaze and let out any words.
She was shocked. Her Adrian could not do that. He was injured, and this girl only saved him. That was what Adrian had told her.
Hazel's fingers moved as she came back to her consciousness. No one approached her because they were not in that state of mind.noveldrama
Adrian looked at her and asked with a cold tone,
"Are you pregnant? Whose child is this?'
A startled expression appeared on Hazel's face. She started crying and placed her hand on her belly.
"A-Adrian, this is your child."
###
Natalia was only in disbelief, but when she heard Hazel, she felt as if the ground had moved beneath her feet.
A dizziness gripped her head. Suddenly, her legs started shaking, and they became unbalanced. She was on the verge of falling to the floor. Gamma Benjamin rushed over to her and wrapped his arms around her shoulders.
'Natalia, are you okay?"
As she struggled to maintain consciousness, Natalia clung to his arm with all her might. Her eyes began to well up with tears, but she was adamant about not allowing them to flow out her eyes.
He turned his head to look at her and then moved closer to her. Natalia pushed his hand away from her hand when he tried to hold it.
Her gaze did not meet his eyes, nor did she look at his face. She did not have the courage to do it.
Was there anything left after so many years of suffering?
"Adrian, is that true? Is this child yours?' Grace, Adrian's mother asked.
While Adrian was staring at Natalia, he clenched his jaw tightly. His mother did not receive a response from him.
His silence confirmed to everyone that it was his child. Natalia pushed Benjamin away with a gentle push and then exited the room.
Benjamin chased after her. "Natalia, you didn't tell him about your preg-"
Natalia turned to him. Her eyes were red in tears, streaming down on her cheeks. It caused Benjamin to shut his mouth.
"There must be some misunderstanding."
Natalia could not help but laugh at it. "Misunderstanding? That woman is pregnant, Benjamin. That woman is carrying your Alpha's child. Now I understand why he rejected the idea of having another child with me. Because he had already prepared one for him with another woman."
Benjamin was speechless. The only thing he could do was stare at Natalia without uttering a single word.
"Don't tell that man about my pregnancy."
He was stunned and immediately said,
"But it will not stay hidden from him for long."
Natalia took a step toward him and said,
"I will kill you if you tell him about my unborn child. That man doesn't deserve it."noveldrama
After saying that, Natalia left. Benjamin stared at her back until she disappeared from his sight.
Meanwhile, inside the room,
Alpha Martin glared at Hazel.
"You came to ruin my son's life. You are only pretending to be a pregnant woman. I will find out everything tomorrow, and if your health come out clean, I promise your life will-
"Dad."
Adrian's voice stopped his father from speaking further. Alpha Martin glared at his son before turning to his wife, who was still in a daze.
*Leave me alone. I need to talk to her," Adrian muttered.
Hazel's eyes widened as she experienced a surge of fear within her. As soon as Adrian's parents left the room, Adrian went to Hazel and grabbed her neck.
His grip was so strong that it could kill the woman.
"What are you planning?"
###
It appeared as though Hazel was struggling to catch her breath. She made an effort to move his hand away while holding it. However, he was so powerful that she could not just break free of his hold on her neck. She patted his hand, trying to push his hand.
But soon she came to the realization that she could triumph over his strength. She closed her eyes tightly. When she opened them again, her eyes were glowing green.
There was no longer any sign of innocence in those emerald eyes. Something was burning inside that could have destroyed anything.
She gave his hand a quick glance before firmly grabbing his wrist.
Adrian hissed as if he was experiencing a burning sensation around his wrist. But he did not want to leave her easily this time.
As Hazel tightened her hold on Adrian's wrist, he felt a jerkiness throughout his body. A groan came out of his mouth as he immediately released her throat.
When he looked at his wrist, he noticed that it was swollen and looked almost burned.
He glared at Hazel in anger.
Hazel started hacking up a cough. Air rushed into her throat, and she huffed.
After taking a deep breath, she looked at Adrian and said,
"You can't do to me what your family did with my mom years ago. Have you forgotten how you awoke in my bed weeks ago? This child is yours, Adrian."
Adrian grabbed her neck again. He had lost his mind. He would never allow this woman to have his child under any circumstances. He did not even care if it was his blood.
"I will kill you and your child together. Except for my wife, no one is allowed to bear my child."
This time Hazel did not try to push him. She responded to him with a chuckle and said,
*Kill me and this child? Sure, you can do that. But what about the Leighton family? They are aware of this child. Otherwise, why do you think they let you out of their pack alive?"
Adrian's fingers froze as if he were reflecting something.
A flashback occurred in his mind, and he recalled how he had gotten back to the Crystal Blood Pack from the Black Haw Pack. It enraged him even more. He was already furious, and this woman pushed him to the limit.
*Adrian, have you ever thought about who kidnapped you as a child? Or why did your dad force you to marry someone so hurriedly? Your dad made you marry that woman secretly years ago so that he could get rid of..."
Adrian dug his nails around her neck, thinking about ripping her head from her body.noveldrama
But it did not stop her as she continued,
"He thought the Leightons would never find out about it. It was not wise for you to remarry. It reached them with the air. Now they will come here very soon to snatch your woman's Luna's position, which has always been mine since the beginning."
###There were loud crashing sounds coming from Alpha and Luna’s bedroom. 
The maids outside the room cover their ears while standing outside. They looked terrified. They wanted to knock on the door, but they were too afraid to do it. 
“What happened to Luna suddenly?” a maid asked others. 
“Who kno-” 
The maid who was replying paused as her eyes fell on Adrian. He was walking towards the bedroom. 
“A–Alpha!” 
They immediately bowed down to him. Adrian glanced at the door, where the sounds of breaking things were coming from. 
“Leave.” 
The maids hurriedly left, leaving him to handle his wife alone. 
Adrian held the doorknob tightly. His ears perked up when he heard angry growls from inside. 
He shut his eyes and tried to take a deep breath. After calming himself down, he opened the door. noveldrama
As soon as he entered the room, his steps halted. There were so many broken things scattered across the floor. The woman standing near the window caught his attention as his gaze shifted from the floor. 
As if she realized it was him, she grabbed the flower vase next to the window and threw it in his direction. 
It almost hit his forehead, but he moved aside to avoid the blow. The vase smashed into the wall. 
Adrian looked at Natalia’s face. It appeared to be fierce. It looked like she was waiting to kill him, 
Even Alphas who wanted to pursue this woman because they thought she was a soft woman may be scared by this look. 
She was not an easy woman to handle. He used to believe that only he was capable of doing it. But after what she had learned today, it would be very 
difficult for him. 
Her dark blue eyes were digging on him. Adrian felt she was giving him the same look she gave him when she nearly pierced his heart in the war while he was trying to save her in his brother’s pack. 
Adrian closed the door and made his way to her. 
“Natalia” 
His voice was gentle and low. Natalia was glaring at him until he came close to her. She grabbed his neck and pushed him against a wall. 
Adrian’s back collided with the wall so hard that it nearly broke his bones. But he let out a shaky breath, trying to control his own wolf to react. 
“So, what do you think of me? A play toy? You can marry me at any time, get a new girl, and repeat the process. Everything is funny to you, isn’t it?” 
His heart shook in response to her chilly tone. He had seen this Natalia after a long time. He regretted his actions because she had returned to being a soft woman soon after their remarriage. Now his action caused her to change again. 
He looked into her eyes. His eyes were soft, trying to convey what was in his heart. He then muttered in a lower tone. 
“I swear, I have no idea how this all happened.”
###Chapter 433
Natalia stared at him for a long time after hearing him. He closed his eyes and rested his head against the wall, not attempting to free his throat from her grip.
"You are such a weak man, Adrian," Natalia scoffed, releasing the grip.
Her eyes turned back to black as if her wolf did not want to hurt her mate anymore. She took a step back and turned around. She then walked toward the nightstand.
Adrian opened his eyes and saw her grabbing her phone.
"What are you doing?" he asked her.
"I'm calling Jason."
Adrian's brows lifted as he rushed to her and grabbed her phone away from her.
"You can't call him. You can't involve your family in our private matters."
Natalia's eyes widened when she heard him. Her rage, which she was trying to control, boiled over once more.
*Private matter? Is it still considered private? A woman is pregnant with your child, Adrian."
Her eyes showed the pain she was feeling. Her tone was very calm, as if she were a zen.
Adrian was scared by her calm demeanor. It was not a good sign.
"You have the right to punish me for my actions. We can handle this matter."
"Handle this matter by how? Killing that woman? Should I kill her with my own claws?" she asked him, gritting her teeth.noveldrama
"If you want, you can-' Adrian replied.
He was interrupted by a stinging feeling on his cheek.
Natalia slapped him hard.
He tightened his fists, shutting his eyes.
"That woman is carrying your baby, and you just agreed to kill her? What about the child? This was the reason I left you many years ago. You would have done the same thing to me.
Adrian turned his head to her and shook his head.
"I would have never done that to you. You are my woman. I can never think of it." Natalie let out a chuckle. Her eyes turned teary. She looked like a mad woman. She snatched her phone from his hand and made her way to the closet. Adrian's eyes followed her, but he froze when he noticed luggage near the closet. When Natalia held the handle of the luggage, he went to her and grabbed her hand. "Where are you going?"
Natalia glared at him and replied,
Leave my hand. I am leaving you forever. I will never come back again."
Adrian shook his head and cupped her cheeks. His calm expression became desperate. *Please don't leave. Trust me. I was completely unaware of it. I was unconscious and..." He struggled to find words. Natalia pushed his hands, causing him to backtrack his steps.
"I don't want to be with a weak man like you. Are you a real man, Alpha, who relied on women to save him? I saved your life twice. It was not enough. Another woman appeared out of nowhere, claiming you needed her help. Now she is pregnant! Just wow. I wonder how she helped you. Perhaps she helped you to satisfy your desire."
"NATALIA!"
"Shut Up!"
Natalia grabbed her luggage and said,
*After all you have done, you still have a face to show me? You are a shameless man. I will never forgive you for what you did. I regret remarrying you, Adrian."
###Natalia wiped her tears and made her way to the door. But Adrian stopped her by saying. 
“If you leave, I will destroy the Blue Blood Pack.” 
Natalia turned around with a frown after hearing his cold voice. Her frown deepened when she noticed his eyes had turned a glowing brown. 
Her hands trembled when she saw how Adrian looked different from how he looked a few minutes ago. 
He gave her a smirking look. “Don’t forget that your brother submitted to me in a war. So killing him won’t be a problem to me. As you may know, I have extensive experience killing Alphas during wars.” 
Unaware of what had happened to Adrian and his eyes, Natalia blinked. 
She wanted to rush to him to ask what was wrong with him. But her broken heart refused to go close to him. The truth was, he betrayed her. He said he was unconscious, but how could an unconscious man make a woman pregnant? Without a doubt, he was lying to her. 
“You are a coward. You know my brother will kill you if he learns the truth.” 
Adrian approached her and stopped in front of her. He lowered his head to reach her level and looked into her eyes. 
Natalia’s eyes immediately turned blue. Her wolf growled inside. 
The dark blue eyes met the muddy brown eyes. 
She felt like it was not the Adrian she had known. 
“A–Adrian?” she mumbled. 
“She is carrying my child. Just take it or leave it. Do not expect me to seek your forgiveness. Because I am not that man who will beg for your forgiveness. If you leave, she will take your place.” 
Natalia’s eyes grew wider. Her blood was boiling as she stared at him. She 
+25 BO**US 
did not know how many abilities Adrian had to change his eyes color like 
that. 
So she ignored his eyes and focused on his words. She gripped his collar and growled at him. 
“I can make your life miserable if I want 
Adrian did not move his eyes from hers Natalia found his eyes very strange as she kept looking into them. 
However, Adrian hissed and backed away, holding his forehead. 
Natalia was stunned. He groaned while holding the bandage. 
Natalia watched him groaning but did not move toward him. She was furious with her husband for cheating on her. There was no way she would show any care after learning this truth. 
Adrian did not say anything else to her and left the room, avoiding her gaze. 
Natalia was in a daze. The way Adrian said he would never ask forgiveness killed her heart inside. This man would never change. His love for her was fake. She would never be happy with him. 
She wanted to turn and leave, but her twin’s faces came to her mind. She closed her eyes, thinking that she could not destroy their future for them. She had just remarried Adrian, and if she left him again, it would affect her brother’s reputation in his pack. noveldrama
On the other hand, her wolf refused to leave. The Alpha inside her wanted to take over the Luna’s position and rule the pack. The mark on her neck and the matebond were still there. 
She once again tried to grab the luggage, but she stopped as her hand touched her belly. 
“I will not repeat what I did last time. I will not run away. This throne, this position–everything is mine. How can I allow another woman to have it?” 
###Chapter 435
Inside an old house,
An elderly man grinned broadly as he observed the young boys and girls.
The boys and girls were all teenagers. Looking around the room the old man had just unlocked, they looked very interested.
"Sir, can we use this?" a girl asked curiously while pointing at a transplant bottle. Inside, there was blue liquid.
Reaching the table, the old man picked up the bottle. He swirled the liquid inside, and it instantly turned black.
The teenagers froze, staring at the bottle with wide eyes. One of the boys rushed toward the old man and asked, "Sir, how did you do that?"
The old man let out a chuckle and replied,
"We are wizards. Werewolves are unaware of many aspects of our lives. Do you know why?"
The teens shook their heads in response.
"It is because they are not connected to any covens. Wizards and witches are different from them, yet they are very useful. Otherwise, why would your Alpha send us to me?" He said to them.
The teenagers thought for a moment before nodding their heads with smiles on their faces.
They were teen witches and wizards from various packs. Every year, a small group of people had the opportunity to visit him and learn new things from him.
"Sir, we are very fortunate to meet you. Even at this age, you are incredibly powerful and strong. Why are you living here alone? Where is your family?'
The old man's smile faded. He looked away from them and answered,
"I don't have a family."
A girl stepped toward him and said politely,
"Sir, we heard you had-"
"I only have one family, and it is the Hansley family," he said, interrupting the girl.
The teenagers kept their mouths shut, believing that they could not offend the most powerful hybrid.
He was none other than Qdir from the Blue Blood Pack.
They had traveled all the way to this pack specifically for him.
The teenagers began to learn about various herbs that could save people, as well as new potions that could cure diseases.noveldrama
While everyone was learning about magic, a boy's gaze fell on something.
He noticed a large jar in the corner of the room. It was covered with a red cloth.
"What's that?" the boy asked.
Everyone focused their attention on the boy, then on the jar. They became curious about what was inside.
"Looks like a water jar. Do you restore water here? Is it moon water?"
The old man glanced at the jar and made his way to it.
*This is not an ordinary jar. It can alert us to the most serious threat we had not considered."
Saying that, he grabbed the red cloth and uncovered the jar.
It was nighttime, and the jar was near the window. The water in the jar sparkled in the moonlight.
The teenagers peered at it from afar, afraid to approach it. They could only see water as ordinary witches and wizards.
However, Qadir's view was completely different from theirs.
Grasping the jar with his hands, he looked inside.
As he concentrated on the shimmering water, her green eyes glowed.
But his breath caught in his throat as his vision changed. The old man gripped the jar tightly, as if he were holding it to keep a support from falling.
His eyes changed color from green to white. His vision shifted, and he saw something unexpected that he could never have predicted.
He saw two faces with two different colors of eyes. A young woman with glowing green eyes stared at a black wolf with glowing blue eyes.
Even though the woman had power in her eyes, the black wolf approached her and growled, causing Qadir to shake from the inside.
###Qadir’s legs trembled, which the teens noticed. They hurriedly rushed toward him and held his arms. 
“Sir, are you okay?” 
They could not see Qadir’s white eyes because they had already turned green when his hands left the jar. 
Qadir took a deep breath and looked at the teenagers. He collected himself and responded, 
“I feel like I am aging a lot.” 
The teenagers smiled at them, thinking that he was kidding. The teens had come to learn from him, especially considering his advanced age. 
Qadir instructed them to focus on other s. Then he covered the jar with shaken hands. 
When the teenagers left, it was already late at night. He was about to close the door when a hand came up and stopped him. 
Qadir carefully opened the door wide and looked at the man standing there. “Beta Patric?” 
Beta Patric’s eyes were filled with stress as he looked at Qadir. He uttered in a low tone, 
“Qadir, we need your help.” 
Qadir frowned at him. His hands remained firmly gripping the door. 
For the first time, Beta Patric noticed this type of reaction in his face. He was always welcoming whenever Adrian had come to him, even after Adrian tried to cage him. 
“Are you alright, old man?” Patric inquired with a suspicious look. 
Qadir averted his gaze and stepped aside, allowing him to enter his house. 
“Please come. How can I not welcome Alpha Adrian’s beta?” he said. 
Beta Patric walked toward the couch, but he did not sit. He seemed to be in desperate need of something. He returned his worried gaze to the old man as he spoke, 
“My Alpha is not feeling well. He-” 
“Did he go to the Leightons?” Qadir asked, moving toward the couch. noveldrama
Patric’s eyes widened. The more he learned about this man’s abilities, the more he was captivated. 
“My Alpha didn’t want me to come to you. After we had an argument, I came here. I have a request for you. Don’t inform the Hansley family about this.” 
After taking a seat on the couch, Qadir motioned for him to take a seat on another couch. 
When Patric sat on a couch, Qadir reached out to the kettle to pour some tea for him. But Patric shook his hands and said, 
“I don’t have much time for this.” 
Qadir glanced at him and said, 
“There are wounds on your body. This tea is nourishing tea. It will help you 
to heal them.” 
Patric parted his lips in surprise. Even though he had not shown him his wounds, he could see them. 
While pouring tea into a cup, Qadir asked, 
“Why is Alpha Adrian afraid to tell the Hansleys about this? Isn’t he the almighty Alpha who has returned alive from the Leightons, despite being the Miller family’s heir?” 
Patric lowered his head and muttered, 
“He is afraid that Alpha Jason will take his sister away from him. He doesn’t want to lose his wife. However, there was another woman who had come 
with us. We had to bring her along. It was Adrian’s decision. She saved Adrian during the war.” 
Qadir placed the cup in front of Patric and asked, 
“Really, Beta Patric? Isn’t it the other way around? Does Alpha Adrian need someone to save him?” 
Patric looked into his green eyes with disbelief. He looked away and asked, 
“Last night we found out that she is pregnant. Is there any way to know whether the woman is carrying Adrian’s child? We can not even test the DNA before seven weeks. Adrian’s marriage is in danger.” 
“Indeed, she is carrying Alpha blood. There is no doubt.” 
Patric clenched his jaw with disappointment. He was afraid to tell this to Adrian. 
“What will my Alpha do now? It is all going to be chaotic. Natalia will never forgive him.” 
Qadir’s green eyes shone as he spoke, 
“Tell him to protect her.” 
Patric lifted his gaze and asked with confusion, 
“Protect her from whom? Natalia is strong enough to protect herself from that woman.” 
Qadir shook his head and replied, 
“Your Alpha is shielding the wrong woman. Tell him to protect that woman from Natalia.” 
“What are you saying?” Patric asked with a shocked face. 
Qadir’s eyes became cloudy, as if he were seeing something. 
“This is the reign of Luna Natalia. This is not Alpha Adrian’s war, where he is trying to keep his wife safe from harm and quietly absorb all the blows to himself.” 
“But they are after-” 
He cut Patric off and said, 
“The Moon Goddess gave him an Alpha as a mate for a reason. He can’t always protect her and ignore her abilities. It’s the beginning of his Luna‘ rule. She will morph into a Luna that no other pack has seen before. But If she kills that woman, she will regret it forever.” 
X 
###In front of the mirror, 
A woman was looking at herself. She was dressed in a long black dress. The dress was backless but full- 
sleeved. 
Her gaze was drawn to her reflection in the mirror father than to her dress. It was as if looking at herself helped her gain patience. She took the long earrings and put them on. Her hair was styled down. noveldrama
A knock on the door interrupted her as she pulled her hair to her shoulder and began to comb it. 
“Come in.” 
The door opened, and a man stepped into the room. 
“Nat-” 
He paused when his eyes landed on her., 
“Benjamin.” 
He quickly averted his gaze away from her and lowered his head. He cleared his throat before saying, 
“As you told me to call out for a pack meeting, every Alpha in our pack is coming here to attend the meeting.” 
Natalia’s lips curved into a smile as she mumbled, 
“I knew you could handle it. That’s why I got ready for the meeting.” 
Benjamin lifted his gaze and looked at her. She put the comb on the dressing table and turned to face 
him. 
“Did he try to stop the meeting?” 
He shook his head and replied, 
“Alpha learned that you want to take over the pack company. He says it is fine with him.” 
She clenched her jaw as if she were not happy after learning that. She shrugged her shoulders and nodded her head. 
“Okay.” 
They walked out of the room together. The maids who passed by the bedroom noticed them. When their attention was drawn to Natalia, their eyes widened. 
They bowed to Natalia. She did not look the same today. Something about her made them fearful. She was dressed in a royal gown, and the makeup she applied gave her a confident look. She was gorgeous. 
“Morning, Luna.” 
Natalia nodded her head at them. She made her way to the children’s room to check on Noah. 
Because it was afternoon, both of the twins might be asleep. 
“I am going to check if everything is okay. Delta Julian is handing everything in the meeting room,” Benjamin said. 
Her footsteps came to a halt as she turned to face him. “Why? Where is Beta Patric?” 
“We are not sure. I heard he had an argument with Alpha, and he left the night before yesterday.” 
Natalia was perplexed for a moment before chuckling. 
“He must be fed up with his so–called Alpha. He was not aware of his Alpha making other women pregnant around, was he?” 
Benjamin froze as he stared at Natalia. He discovered Natalia laughing out of pain. 
Natalia went to check on Noah while Benjamin went to work. 
Noah recovered as his fever subsided. Aria was with him, taking care of her brother. 
Natalia told them to be good children and to stay with Amanda because she was going to be busy with work from now on. 
Natalia left the children’s room and headed down the stairs. She was about to go to the area where the meeting hall was. But she turned her heels and glanced at the other wing of the pack house: 
Unknowingly, her steps took her in the opposite direction. 
After some time walking, she came to a halt when she noticed a woman standing near the locked room. 
###Hazel was standing outside of the locked room. Her gaze was fixed on the lock, focusing her attention there. 
Her eyes glowed briefly before returning to normal when her phone began to ring. 
She checked her phone to see who had called her. 
She received the call and mumbled, 
“Hello.” 
“Did you get it yet?” the person on the phone asked. 
Hazel glanced at the door and replied, 
“Not yet.” 
“How long? We will be there soon.” 
Her hand trembled, holding the phone near her ear. “I will let you know very soon.” 
The person hung up the phone. Hazel slowly removed her phone from her ear. 
But at that moment, someone approached her from behind and whispered in her ear. 
“Are you looking for something inside?” 
Hazel immediately turned around and clutched her chest. Her body jerked her body up. Her eyes widened when she noticed it was Natalia. 
“You almost scared me to death,” Hazel said. 
Natalia raised her brows and asked, 
“Why so scared? Is this how you will give birth to Alpha Adrian’s heir?” 
Hazel took a deep breath and composed herself. 
“Look, Sister-” 
Natalia raised her hand to stop her. “Stop your acting in front of me, okay? What do you expect after snatching my husband away from me? Let me guess. I will give my position to you, and you will become the Luna of this pack?” 
She then gave Hazel a mocking look and murmured in a frigid tone, “Dream on, Witch.” 
Hazel’s eyes grew wider. Natalia frowned at her. 
“What did you think? It will be hard for me to learn about you and your pack. The Black Haw Pack, the land of witches and wizards.” 
Hazel’s expression slowly changed. Her face no longer appeared innocent. She grinned at Natalia and said, 
“If you are already aware of my identity, then you also know that we have the ability to see things that 
werewolves can’t.” 
After saying that, her gaze shifted to Natalia’s stomach. Her grin evolved into a smirk. “You are pregnant, right?” 
Natalia’s eyes widened. They glowed blue as she grabbed Hazel’s neck and pushed her against a wall behind her. Hazel closed her eyes when she felt pain in her back. 
She immediately held her stomach instead of attempting to remove Natalia’s hand from her neck. “If you dare to tell anyone about it, it will only take me a minute to kill you, witch. The wolf inside me wants to tear your body apart. But as a woman, I don’t want to hurt that unborn child of yours.” 
Natalia’s voice was sharp, piercing Hazel like a knife. Hazel opened her eyes, which had turned glowing green and looked into Natalia’s eyes. It was as though she tried to manipulate her with her gaze, but she failed. 
Natalia’s blue eyes were so powerful that her magic failed completely. Instead, she felt something in her stomach. 
Hazel let out a cry and clutched her stomach. 
“Please don’t kill my baby.” 
Natalia glared at her, thinking that she was pretending. Because her grip was not too firm. noveldrama
At that time, she heard Adrian’s voice from behind them. 
“Leave her.” 
04 
###Natalia rolled her eyes before releasing Hazel’s neck. She turned to look at Adrian. “Look, who’s here? Your hero, lil sister,” Natalia said it loudly while looking at Adrian. 
He had a furious look. Ignoring his gaze, Natalia turned to face Hazel. 
She lifted her hand and placed it on Hazel’s head. She then said to Hazel in a low tone, 
“Don’t worry about this door. Very soon the key will be in my hand. I also want to know what you are looking for and what they have been hiding all these years.” 
When Natalia was about to remove her hand from her head, Hazel grabbed her wrist and looked at her. 
“Why do you find things that are forbidden so fascinating?” 
Natalia smiled at her, yanking her hand from her grip. 
“Because another woman is after my husband and carrying his child.” 
Hazel glanced at Adrian, who was behind Natalia. He was standing a little away from them. 
Natalia turned around. She started walking, ignoring Adrian. When she was about to walk past him, he grabbed her wrist and turned her around to face him. 
Her body pressed against him, and his cold eyes met hers. 
Natalia glared at him and muttered, 
“Leave my hand.” 
Adrian refused to let go of her hand. She smiled at him and asked, 
“Are you mad at me because I hurt your…” she paused as if she were at a loss for words. She tilted her head to look at Hazel. 
“What shall I call you, dear? Mistress? Wannabe? Or his future wif-” 
Adrian’s grip tightened around her wrist, causing her to pause. She returned her gaze to him and asked, 
“What is the problem? Are you concerned about losing your reputation if I take over your pack company? Now even if you want, you can’t stop me.” noveldrama
“If I want, I can do many things that no one can,” he replied, looking into her eyes. 
She burst into laughter. “So true. You can get another woman pregnant, which most loyal Alphas can’t do.” 
Adrian’s grip loosened around her wrist. She moved back and patted his shoulder. 
“Go and give her a shoulder to cry on. She is too weak to handle my blow.” 
Adrian glared at her in response. 
“What? Still angry? You don’t want me to attend the pack meeting, do you?” 
Adrian’s gaze moved to the dress that hugged her body perfectly, and he whispered, 
“Why did you wear this? You are going to attend a pack meeting, not a pack party. Are you planning to seduce other men wearing dresses like this?” 1 
Natalia lifted her brows. “Dresses like this? It is a fully–covered gown. Oh, no, wait. It is a backless dress.” 
She turned around and moved her hair from her back to reveal her backless dress. 
Adrian’s eyes darkened. “Go back and change this dress.” 
Natalia turned back to him and grinned at him. 
“You are right. I think I can seduce a few men in this dress. My Alpha turned out to be a cheater anyway. Who will tell me what? I will show them what their Alpha has done.” 
Adrian stared at her. His eyes turned cloudy, changing their colors. Natalia noticed them, not caring anymore. 
Natalia turned around and made her way to the hallway. Her expression hardened, and her smile vanished. In front of him, she was holding back both her anger and her breath. 
She heard Hazel’s voice from d 
“Ad–Adrian, I-” 
Adrian interrupted her by yelling at her, 
“Shut the fuck up! You are the reason all of this is happening.” 
###Natalia came to the hallway. When she turned her heels in the direction of the meeting hall, she ran into Alpha Martin. 
She looked away from him and came to a halt. Alpha Martin gazed at her. He cleared his throat and said, 
“Natalia, I heard you decide to take over the pack company.” 
Without looking at him, she replied, 
“Yes, dad.” 
“Are you mad at Adrian?” 
Hearing his question, she felt it was a joke. She slowly lifted her gaze to meet his eyes. 
“What if it were me who ended up getting pregnant with another man? What do you think? How would your son react?” 
Alpha Martin’s eyes grew wider. He was not expecting her to say that. He used to see a polite Natalia who always spoke to him with careful words. 
Natalia did not care anymore. Though it was neither his nor Grace’s fault, she was too distraught to care about anything. 
“Why do people call your son Almighty? For killing Alphas in wars and claiming packs? That is something I can do as well.” 
Alpha Martin stared at her for a while. 
O 
Through the windows, Natalia glanced at the cars parking outside the pack house. She realized that all of the Alphas had already arrived for the meeting. 
So she lowered her head and walked past him. But she stopped when she heard him from behind. 
“There is something I want to talk about. But I am scared to reopen it. I tried once and nearly lost my son 
years ago.” 
Her brow furrowed as she turned around. She looked at his back. 
“What are you talking about? Is it related to Hazel’s pack?” 
Alpha Martin turned around to face her. Concern could be seen in his eyes, and it appeared as though he was even frightened to discuss the matter. 
Natalia noticed it clearly; however, she was not interested anymore. 
“It doesn’t matter anymore, dad. Nothing can change what your son has done. I will never be able to forgive him. I am here to protect my and my children’s positions. There is no way I can let another woman’s child inherit the throne that belongs to my children.” 
Alpha Martin stared at Natalia when she turned and headed to the meeting hall. 
There were sounds of voices in the meeting hall. But when Natalia entered the hall, everyone fell silent. 
With confidence on her face and a perfect body that had a gorgeous appearance, she walked into the hall. 
Every Alpha hurriedly got up from their seats and bowed to her. 
Her gaze shifted to each Alpha as she approached the head chairs. Everyone was about to sit back on their chairs, but they were shocked when they noticed her sitting on Adrian’s chair instead of her own 
chair. 
With a gracious look, she sat on the chair and looked at them. 
“Sit.” 
Her voice was cold. The Alphas quickly sat back as if her Alpha voice hit their cores. 
How could they forget who she was? She was a powerful Alpha she–wolf who saved their Alpha during the war. 
Gamma Benjamin, Delta Julian, and Theta Emon, the three officials, were present in the meeting. 
Natalia glanced at Benjamin, who nodded his head. Natalia turned to look at the Alphas and said, noveldrama
“From now on, I will handle your pack company. Without my approval, you can’t pass a single penny to another pack. Tell every other pack company allied with ours that they are not allowed to be with the Black Haw Pack if they wish to be with us.” 
Because no one knew about Hazel and her child, they assumed the Black Haw Pack had offended their Luna. 
An Alpha raised his hand. Natalia gave him the nod to express his opinion. 
“Luna, right now the biggest alliance of the Black Haw Pack is the Blue Blood Pack.” 
###After hearing the Alpha, Natalia was taken aback. 
“What are you saying?” Natalia asked, frowning at the man. 
The other Alpha glanced at the Alpha, uncertain if his information was accurate. 
It’s been a while since Natalia left the Blue Blood Pack’s company. She had never heard of the Black Haw Pack while she was ruling. So, why did her brother suddenly start to support them? It was not long before he awoke from his illness. 
What caused him to align with the wizards? 
“Let’s cut this off. We do not need to worry about the Blue Blood Pack. We will talk to them about it,” Gamma Benjamin said to the Alphas. 
Natalia came out of her thoughts and agreed to Benjamin. However, she was still confused. She thought that she needed to talk to his brother about this matter. She had not told him about what Adrian had done. It was because she knew how much her brother loved her. He would not let her stay with a cheater for a single day and take her away from this pack. So she would have to talk to him about this pack only. 
After giving the Alphas some directions about the companies that merged with their pack company, Natalia ended the meeting. 
To show their respect for her, the Alpha rose from their seats and bowed to her. 
“Make sure you do not forget to eat dinner before you leave.” 
Natalia told them that she had made dinner arrangements for all of them. 
All of the Alphas were completely captivated by her. The focus of their attention was drawn to her flawless body and the beautiful features of her face. Her body clung to the dress, but the fact that it was black made it appear respectable. 
Her beauty enchanted them all. They felt it was forbidden to have such thoughts about their Luna. It was impossible for them to forget who was behind her. If they had thought anything extreme about his wife, even if it was in his absence, he would have pulled out their eyeballs. 
Natalia walked out of the meeting hall. Her hair was tucked behind her back to conceal her back. She had no intention of luring other men. But she did not know why she put on the dress in the first place. Was it just to show Adrian that she had finally slipped from his grasp? 
While walking, Natalia unlocked her phone. Her perplexion was telling her to call her brother and ask about the thing she had learned in the meeting hall.\ noveldrama
She entered the living room and took a seat on the couch. She decided she should see the Alphas off after dinner. 
She tried calling her brother a few times, but it was unreachable. 
She had a desperate feeling. So she gave Eric a call. 
Eric answered the phone after only two rings. 
“What’s up?” he spoke out. 
“I am good. What about you and others?” she asked, trying to talk calmly. 
“Fine. Your mom has been calling you for two days. Where have you been?” 
“I was a little busy. Where is your Alpha?” 
“He is out of the pack for some pack meetings.” 
Natalia rubbed her forehead, wondering if she should ask Eric about the Black Haw Pack. But she eventually decided to wait for her brother. 
“Tell Jason to call me when he comes back.” 
“Sure,” Eric assured. 
Natalia ended the conversation. But then her gaze fell beside her. She noticed a silhouette behind her. 
She immediately turned to see Hazel standing behind the couch. 
She gave Hazel a hard look. She noticed Hazel’s stunned expression. 
“Were you evesdropping on my private conversation?” 
With a look of disbelief on her face, Hazel blinked her eyes. 
“J–Jason? You were talking about Alpha Jason?” 
A frown appeared on Natalia’s face as she asked, 
“Do you know my brother?” 
###A car came to a halt in front of the pack house. Beta Pátric stepped out of the car. His gaze shifted to the other vehicles parked there. 
With a frown, he looked around. He walked to the main door and looked at the guards. They greeted him respectfully. 
“Who has come?” Patric asked. 
“We had a pack meeting at the pack house, and our sub–Alphas from the pack came,” one of the guards answered. 
Patric gave him a puzzled expression. He asked if they were aware of the reason. 
He was shocked to learn that Natalia was taking over the pack company. 
Patric entered the pack house and went straight to Alpha’s office. 
As soon as he reached the room, he opened the door. 
A man was standing near the long window, holding a glass of wine. 
Patric quickly entered the office room and closed the door behind him. 
As if he smelled him, the man asked, 
“Why are you back? I thought you had left the pack forever, Beta Patric.” 
Patric clenched his jaw and stared at his back. He walked up to him and stopped next to him. noveldrama
“Adrian.” 
Adrian did not respond to him, as his eyes were fixed outside. 
Patric let out a sigh as he tried to forget the fight between them. He fought with Adrian before leaving the 
pack to meet Qadir. 
“I went to see Qadir,” Patric stated. 
“What made you do that? Didn’t I stop you from doing that?” Adrian asked, turning his head toward him.. 
When Patric noticed Adrian’s calm demeanor, he raised his brows. He thought Adrian might be desperate, and based on what he had heard from the guards outside, the situation was dire. 
However, things turned out to be the opposite. 
Patric shifted his gaze to Adrian’s hand. He was holding a glass of wine. Patric shook his head and murmured, 
“You screwed up, Adrian. And you are drinking here? Everything is slipping out of your hands. Is this how you want your end?” 
Adrian sipped on the glass and turned his gaze back outside the window. 
Patric moved slightly to see what he was looking at. When Patric saw Natalia and the other Alphas step outside the pack house, his expression changed. 
Patric was surprised to see her smiling while speaking with the men. She appeared normal, as if she had not been broken by learning of Hazel’s pregnancy. 
Then he heard Adrian, 
“A man in love is the weakest creature. When he is alone, he can beat the entire world, even if it means dying. But when his woman is beside him, she turns into his biggest weakness, making it easy for others to make her their prey to catch him.” 
Patric averted his gaze away from Natalia after hearing Adrian. 
“Qadir knows the truth,” Patric said. 
Adrian glanced at him and muttered, 
“Is there anything that man does not know?” 
Patric looked at him and shook his head. He thought about what conversation he had with Qadir, then he replied, 
“He knows it’s the other way around. It was not Hazel who saved you during the war, but you saved her.” 
###Adrian took a gulp of his drink and muttered, 
“That old man truly has a vision.” 
Patric swallowed as he spoke again. “And he said you should protect Hazel from Natalia.” 
Adrian’s grip around the glass tightened. His eyes darkened. Patric looked away from him and said, 
“I was shocked when I heard that. He said you should let Natalia fight her own battle. It is her war to fight, not yours. But she should not hurt Hazel.” 
Adrian relaxed his tightly held grip, as though attempting to calm himself. 
“He had no idea what was going on with you when I asked him about it. He said there is no way that anyone can do something on Alpha Adrian.” 
Adrian’s keen eyes were concentrating on something. Patric glanced at him and muttered, 
“He said the man who broke his years–long spell with just a growl can’t be possessed by another witch or wizard.” 
Patric waited for him to respond. He could see Adrian did not look like how he last saw him. He appeared carefree, as if he did not have much to worry about. 
“Don’t you think Gamma Benjamin is getting too close to your Luna these days?” Adrian muttered. 
Patric frowned at him, tilting his head to look outside. He noticed Natalia speaking with Benjamin about something. Her hand was holding his arm. He was talking to her without lowering his head, looking her in the eyes. 
Patric looked at Adrian in disbelief. “Bro, I was talking to you about a serious matter, and you are here keeping your eye on your wife from afar? Are you for real? For the last two weeks in the Black Haw Pack, you were terrified to death. How is it that you are so at ease right now?” noveldrama
Adrian chugged down the wine and placed the glass on the frame of the window. He looked at Patric and raised an eyebrow. 
“I was scared for her and my children’s safety. Now I am back. Who will dare to look at them?” 
Adrian moved over his desk and sat behind the desk. Patric approached a chair and took a seat. 
“I asked about the child. Qadir said-” 
“Is he a doctor?” Adrian interrupted him. 
“Bro, he has the vision to see things that we can’t see. Last time you went to him before the war.” 
“What did he say? That the child is mine?” Adrian asked, glaring at Patric, 
Patric lowered his head, not knowing how Adrian would react. But he would have to let him know. 
I guess that is what he said.” 
Adrian stared at Patric for a moment before chuckling. He shook his head and said, 
* 
“You went to the wrong person this time, Patric.” 
Patric lifted his gaze to look at him. “What do you mean?” 
Adrian looked into his eyes, which had turned glowing brown. Patric blinked, concerned that he was losing his mind. 
But Adrian did not move and did not look like he was in pain. However, he had anger in his eyes. 
“Now he will tell me if the child is mine? Does he think I am stupid?” 
Patric was baffled. “D–Do you discover the truth? Is that not your child?” 
Adrian grinned at him. “Don’t you trust your Alpha?” 
“I do. But that day you were in her bed, and when everyone reached, they caught you and her in the room… 
Patric paused as a flashback to that day played through his mind. 
He pushed the memories away and turned his gaze back to Adrian. “When I asked Qadir about the child, he confirmed that she is indeed carrying Alpha blood.” 
Adrian smirked when he heard that. 
“Remind him that Alpha Adrian is not a fool. By giving a twisted answer to my Beta, he wants me to protect that witch.” 
###
Chapter 444noveldrama
Patric rose up from the chair. "Adrian, what are you saying? Why would he want to protect Hazel? What is his connection with her? He never left the Blue Blood Pack either."
Adrian grabbed a file and muttered,
"You should have asked him. Why did you return with only half of the information?"
"Because I thought..."
"That is why you should not blindly trust anybody." Adrian paused and looked at him. Then, he continued,
'The only person you should blindly trust is your Alpha."
Patric slumped back in the chair as his shoulder gave out. He felt relieved that Adrian was not the father of Hazel's child. He was concerned about Adrian and could not think of any other option but to visit Qadir.
He took a look at Adrian's bandaged forehead. There was a wound inside the bandage that would never heal. Because it was not a hit of any werewolf but a powerful wizard.
He assumed that Adrian was feeling pain because of that wound, and it was the reason why his eyes kept changing. Though Adrian refused to admit it, Patric suspected they had done something to him that was causing him such pain.
"But you had an argument with Natalia that night," Patric said. He could still remember how angry Adrian was. It was the reason why he and Adrian fought.
Adrian leaned his back against the chair and let out a deep breath. His eyes returned to black.
"If I had not provoked her by saying those things that night, she would never have chosen to stay here." "What about the pack company? Your reputation? Your Luna took control of the pack business."
'Doesn't matter to me. As long as she is in front of my eyes, she can take over my pack as well.
Patric stared at Adrian for a while. "Do you remember how Qadir's spell caused you to lose recognition of your children? You thought they were another man's blood. You were still willing to accept them. Now when someone is telling you that the child is yours-"
Adrian stopped him by saying,
'That was a different case. Are you saying Hazel and my woman are the same?"
"Then who is the father of Hazel's child? And why is she lying? Just to become the Luna of our pack? Are you going to kill her?"
Adrian shook his head in response. "If I wanted to kill her, I could have done so when I awoke and found her beside me in bed."
Patric recalled Adrian almost killing Hazel that day, something Hazel had also told Natalia.
"What are you planning, Adrian? There is no way you are so relaxed without any plan in your head."
Adrian grinned at his beta, who knew him better than anyone else.
"I will let Natalia run the company if she wants to. It will strengthen her."
"Why don't you try to talk to her?"
"She won't listen to me. I tried that night. She is a short-tempered Alpha, just like your Alpha," Adrian said, reaching for his neck as if thinking about her hard grip around it.
"Adrian, what will you do to Hazel?"
"Hazel is shielding her child from me and trying to fulfill her family's wish. First, find out about that bastard who got her pregnant. Until then, keep pretending that we believed her. Let the Leightons live in a bubble."
"Are you sure we can handle it, Adrian? The Black Haw Pack has shown us their worst side. Those were painful days for you. I was afraid you would die and that we would never be able to return here."
Adrian closed the file that he opened a few minutes ago, then replied,
"I am not my dad. If a page from the past has already been turned, I will not leave it to my son to deal with in the future. I am going to end this chapter forever."
###It was late in the evening. 
Natalia was not at home. She instead went to a nightclub. She was so upset that she did not want to stay in the house where she would have to see Hazel. Seeing her face always reminded her of Adrian’s cheating. noveldrama
She was in so much pain in her heart that she had almost forgotten she was pregnant. She was gulping drinks after drinks to forget her pain for the night. 
Gamma Benjamin wanted to come with her. But she told him that following her was not his only job. 
She was currently in a private cabin to avoid being recognized. 
She sipped the drink and took in her surroundings. 
There were a few young men along with some women. 
The women were nearly sitting on the men’s laps to get closer to them. However, Natalia had no companion with her. 
She scoffed at the men who cast glances at her. 
“Cheaters. I bet they all have their wives in their house who are thinking that their men are in a business meeting right now,” she murmured in a low tone. 
One of the young men got up from a couch and approached her. 
“Miss, are you alone here?” 
She rolled her eyes and chose to ignore him. Sitting on a couch, she turned her back on him. She grabbed another glass of drink, telling herself to forget about the man who cheated on her. 
She sensed a dip in the seat beside her. She looked over and saw that the man had taken a seat next to her. 
The man’s eyes were on her backless dress. His gaze traveled from the back of her neck to her lower back. 
Are you new here?” he asked. 
Natalia raised her eyebrow. She let out a chuckle and moved closer to the 
man. 
“What do you do for a living?” she asked with a soft tone. 
The man chuckled at her unexpected approach. He placed his hand on her arms, which were covered by her full sleeves. 
“I am a businessman, darling. What about you?” 
She glanced at his fingers and muttered, 
“I guess you never get the chance to meet Alpha and Luna.” 
The young man was taken aback, but then smirked and moved his mouth close to her ear. 
“Why? Are you seeking our Alpha? I heard he is deeply in love with his Luna. So no chance. You can not get him into bed. What about me, though? I can give you whatever you want just to warm
my bed.” 
Natalia’s eyes darkened as she heard him speak about Adrian. She grabbed the man’s collar and drew him to look at her. 
“You are wrong. Your Alpha is not that loyal husband. He is capable of cheating on his Luna. After all, no one can resist their desire.” 
The man was caught off guard. But then he laughed at her words, assuming that she, like the other women in the pack, wanted to be with the head Alpha. 
Natalia pushed him away and grabbed another drink. She was completely out of control. She had no idea what she was doing or blabbering. 
The influence of alcohol was disconnecting her from her wolf. 
After a while of drinking, she thought about going back to the pack house. 
However, when she tried to stand up, the man next to her grabbed her hand and pulled her back. 
“Where are you leaving?” 
Natalia looked at the man, glaring at him. The man sensed a power emanating from her, but ignored it. 
“Come on, let’s have fun. You look sad as if you have just broken up with your lover.” 
She glanced at his hand which was holding her arm and muttered angrily, 
“Leave my hand before I kill you.” 
###The other men who noticed her resistance laughed at her. Natalia glared at them in rage 
You are very hot and wild. I really like it. If you don’t want me to take you here in front of them, then come with me,” the man said. 
Natalia was an alpha. It was not like she could not defend herself against the men. But for some reason, she was unable to get her wolf to respond. 
Was it because of the drink she had? Did anyone spike on it? 
With a confused look, she gazed at the man. 
To her surprise, he got up from the couch and began to pull her along with 
him 
“Where are you taking me?” she questioned. 
“A place where you can kill me in bed.” 
Natalia did not stop the man; instead, he allowed him to drag her wherever he wanted. She thought she would really kill him tonight. 
The man walked out of the cabin and past the crowd. He brought her the area of the private rooms. 
Natalia’s legs froze as she heard moans from the other rooms. 
She was losing her mind slowly, which stunned her. 
“D–Did you do something with my drink?” 
The man smirked and replied, 
“I just helped you get turned on.” 
He pushed her into a room before she could react. 
He closed the door. He took off his suit jacket and moved in Natalia’s direction. 
Natalia glanced around and realized that it was a room for couples. A small table near the bed was cluttered with items. With her mind jumbled, she noticed a few condom packets and a bottle of wine. 
She felt that she had messed up the situation. 
“Look, I am not those women you are thinking, okay? I can kill you anyti-” 
The man did not let her finish as he pushed her into the bed. 
He climbed on top of her, trying to move her hair so he could kiss her neck. 
She grabbed his shirt, intending to claw him. However, her claws did not 
emerge. 
She was startled when she realized that she was lost in defense. She tried to push the man but could not because her head was spinning like crazy. 
“Move. Don’t touch me.” 
“I have never seen another woman like you. So stunning and seductive. This body deserves to be praised by men. Why are you hiding it inside your dre-” 
The man was interrupted when the door flung open and slammed against the wall. 
The man turned his head to see who had entered the room. His eyes grew wide upon seeing a furious man walking into the room. 
Natalia looked at him with blurry eyes and muttered, 
“Adrian?” 
The young man quickly stood up from Natalia and asked, 
“Who are you?” 
Adrian’s eyes were on Natalia, who was on the bed. She sat up. The man moved when Adrian took off his suit jacket and wrapped it around her shoulder. 
“So you came here to be her hero?” The man said and reached out for the 
bottle from the table. 
When Adrian made Natalia stand to her feet, the man smashed the bottle in his arm. 
Natalia hissed when she felt a slight pain in her cheek. She collapsed onto the bed once again. 
“Stay away. This woman is mine. Who are you?” The young man asked Adrian. 
Adrian slowly turned his gaze toward the young man. His hand was bleeding from the hit, but he did not move or hiss for a single second. He glared at the young man, who took a step back by his gaze. 
Adrian’s eyes shook him from inside. He assumed he could not offend Adrian. 
“L–Look, I am new here. I just moved into this pack. I do not know who you are. Are you some sort of successful businessman? Take her. Just take her. You can take her with you.” noveldrama
When the man tried to run away, Adrian grabbed the back of his neck and smashed it against the glass of the small table. 
He growled at him and asked, 
“How dare you touch my wife?” 
###With a groan, the man collapsed onto the floor. The glasses‘ flank was piercing his face, causing his entire face to bleed. 
He started crying aloud when Adrian kicked him in the manhood. 
“A new member of my pack? Then I should discipline you.” 
He gave him another kick. “Don’t touch the woman who doesn’t want to be touched by you.” 
When the man fainted in pain, Adrian backed away. He turned around and saw Natalia staring at the man. 
Adrian walked up to her and grabbed her hand. 
She yanked her hand back and gazed at him. 
“What brought you here? Go away.” 
Adrian frowned at her when he realized how drunk she was. She was not in her right mind. 
He grabbed her wrist again and pulled her up. 
“If I had not come, he-” 
She shoved his chest. She pointed at her finger at him and said, 
“I don’t want a weak man like you. I would have killed that man anyway.” 
Adrian felt pain in his arm when she pushed her. But he shrugged his shoulders and replied, 
“Yes, I did witness your powerful killing of the man in bed.” 
When Natalia realized there was nothing she could do to stop the man from forcing himself on her, she froze. 
“That man did something with my drink.” 
Adrian shifted his gaze to the man and glared at him. If glare could kill 
someone, that man would have died. 
“That’s how people lose their senses, you know,” he said, turning to Natalia. 
She raised her eyebrows and asked, 
“So you are comparing your situation to mine? Are you telling me that you were drunk like this and… how silly! I thought you went to save your pack members, not to drink at a club,” she muttered, nearly losing her balance. 
Adrian grabbed her hand and pulled her closer to him. 
“You are not thinking straight. Let’s go home.” noveldrama
“Home? Where I have to see another woman with my husband’s child, I can 
not call it my home,” she said, pushing his arms. 
He stared at her for a moment, then muttered, 
“As you wish.” 
He picked her up in his arms and walked out of the room. 
She slapped him on the chest. While murmuring, 
“Leave me alone, you cheater. I don’t want to go back to that house.” 
People around him looked at them. The people who recognized them were shocked seeing their Alpha and Luna there. 
He grabbed her head and hid it against his neck. He lowered his lips to her ear and said, 
“Don’t move. They will capture you like this, and you will regret it in the morning.” 
Natalia did not care what he was saying. She kept slapping her hand against his back and moving her legs in an attempt to free herself. 
Adrian left the club and made his way over to his car. 
His driver got out of the car and rushed to open the back door for them. 
After putting Natalia inside, Adrian took a seat beside her. Just as the driver 
Chapar 447 
was going to shut the door, he glanced at Adrian’s arm. 
“Alpha, your arm is wounded.” 
“Start the car,” Adrian replied, ignoring his words. 
The driver climbed into the car and started it. He was about to turn the car in the pack house’s direction. But Adrian stopped him by saying, 
“To my residence.” 
###Inside the car, 
Natalia moved her head against the back seat. The scent emanating from the jacket that surrounded her body made her feel warm. 
Her eyes were closed and her lips were parted. 
“I won’t forgive you, Adrian,” she kept mumbling. 
The man beside her focused his gaze on her. He was observing her every 
move. 
She sobbed while saying, “I hate you.” 
He tightened his fists while looking at her. She unconsciously shifted her head to his chest. 
His hand lifted to move the hair strands away from her face. His eyes darkened when he saw blood on her cheek. 
He wrapped his arm around her and pulled her closer. He wiped the blood from her cheek and saw there was a cut on her cheek. He realized that when 
the man smashed the bottle on his arm, she got hurt that realized that when 
time. 
With his wounded hand, he rubbed her cheek with her thumb and murmured, “I’m sorry, baby. I never intended to hurt you.” 
He leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. As if she could feel his touch and realized it was him, she tried to push him. 
He tightened his grip on her waist and pulled her onto his lap. She opened her eyes and tried to clear her vision. 
He pressed her head against his chest and leaned down to lick her wound. 
She patted his hands as though she were feeling pain in her cheek. He did not let her go as he rolled his tongue against her cheek. 
She gave up fighting and fisted his shirt against his arms. Feeling pain in his 
Injured arm, he closed his eyes. It appeared that it had not begun to heal because there were broken pieces of the bottle pierced in his arms. 
Nevertheless, he did not push her away. Instead, he kissed her cheek after healing it. He stroked her hair and murmured, 
“Sleep. I know you have not slept for the past two nights.” 
Natalia closed her eyes slowly and fell asleep on his chest. 
When she opened her eyes, she was lying on a bed. Her surroundings were completely dark. She sat up immediately when something came to her mind. 
She remembered that a man was taking her to a room, and then he tried to force her. 
Natalia could not think further as she removed the blanket from her body. 
As soon as she stepped one leg out of bed, the door opened and the lights in the room turned on. 
She paused when she noticed it was a familiar room. It was Adrian’s house where she used to live before. 
She shifted her gaze to the door. 
Adrian entered the bedroom shirtless. Her eyes moved his chest. She was about to move them away from our bare chest, but they shifted on his arm and froze. 
“W–What happened to your arm?” she inquired, seeing his muscle filled with blood. 
Adrian shut the door and walked to the closet. He took out a first aid kit and walked over to the couch near the bed. 
He set the box on the table nearby and motioned her to it. 
“Care to help me with it?” 
Natalia averted her gaze from him. 
“So weak you are!” she mumbled intentionally. noveldrama
He let out a sigh and replied, 
“Yeah, too weak to get wounded while saving you at the club.” 
###When Natalia heard Adrian, her eyes widened. Because her thoughts slowly turned to the reflection of what had happened in the club. She remembered how he came to the room and got these wounds. 
She gulped and cast a glance at him. She slowly rose from the bed and walked toward the couch. 
She sat on the couch, a little away from him. As she thought to pick up the box, she said, 
“I am only helping because you are my children’s father. Otherwise, even if you die, I don’t-” 
He grabbed her hand and pulled her toward him. Her body pressed against his bare chest, causing her to gasp. 
“I don’t what? You don’t care? You won’t care if I die?” 
She gritted her teeth and glared at him. 
“You are right. You…” 
Her eyes turned blurry. “You are a cheap liar. I was not enough for you. You always need another woman in your life.” 
His eyes darkened as he let go of her hand and wrapped his arm around her waist, causing her nose to brush against his. 
He looked into her eyes and muttered angrily, 
“In my life, if there is one woman I love, it is you. I never wanted another woman and only wanted to find you. At this moment when I need your trust, will you call me a cheater?” 
“I don’t trust you anymore.” 
She pushed his arms, trying to move away. He shut his eyes when her hand hit his wounded arm. 
She was not expecting this. Her heart ached when she saw him in pain. She 
tried to control his anger and said, 
“If you don’t want to get hurt, then let me just clean it.” 
His hold on her waist loosened. But he did not avert his gaze from her. 
She brushed aside his gaze and opened the box. She moved back and carefully examined the wound. 
She used cotton to wipe his blood, and as she did so, she noticed that the broken pieces of the bottle were penetrating his skin. After grabbing a pair of tweezers and removing them, she felt a sense of unease. 
One by one, she placed the pieces on the table. She then applied medicine to his arm. While she was blowing it lightly, she hissed as if it were her wound. 
When she raised her head to look at his reaction, she froze. He was staring at her. He did not look like he was in pain. 
She remembered his one arm being broken when she went to save him from the poison during the war. He never let out a groan, as if he never felt any pain. 
She moved and bandaged his arm hurriedly. After that, she put the box on the table and tried to stand up. 
However, he grasped her wrist and pulled her back. She was taken aback when she landed on his chest. 
He wrapped his arms around her body. She tried to move, but his grip tightened. 
“Adrian Miller, leave me.” 
His gaze caressed her face before moving to her lips. 
“How can you expect me to leave you when you are alone with me and there is no one to disturb us?” 
With a scowl, she reached for his neck with her hands. 
“I think you forgot my grip around your neck. Should I remind you, Alpha? How about trying my kick? My legs are also very strong. I have been trained as a Luna.” 
He smirked at her and muttered, 
“Your legs? Why do you need them to use in kicks? I would love to rest them. on my shoulders.” noveldrama
Her eyes grew wider after hearing his words. Her cheeks flushed, but she was mad. 
“These things… you did these things with that woman, right? Tell me how many nights you have spent with her,” she asked, possessiveness sparkling in her eyes. 
He tilted his head to the side, kissed her on the chin, and answered, 
“Not a single night.” 
###Alpha 450
Natalia froze when his lips touched her chin. She felt her wolf reacting to her. Her wolf yearned for him to touch her again. 
His hands slowly moved up and down her waist, encircling it tightly. noveldrama
She closed her eyes, sensing his touches, unable to resist. His lips trailed over her neck, brushing on her skin. 
She could not react to his words, as she could not even hear him. His touch and kisses were enough to distract her from anything happening around the world. 
“Why did you go to the club?” he whispered, brushing his nose against her neck. 
Hearing his deep voice, Natalia’s eyes flung open. She grabbed his shoulder and shoved him away. 
Adrian moved back to lean his back against the couch. He looked at her but did not remove his hands from her waist. 
“I hate you, Adrian. You are trying to get closer to me in order to distract me. What do you think? I will forgive you?” 
He looked into her eyes without giving her any answer. His gaze was deep and keen, which made her feel nervous inside. It was tough for her to keep eye contact with 
this man. 
She tried to get up from his lap. But his grip tightened as he replied, 
“I said I never slept with that woman.” 
His reply caused her to look at him with shocked eyes. “Then where did this child come from? Why the hell is she claiming it as yours?” she asked, getting mad at him. 
His grip loosened around her. He broke the eye contact and said, 
“I don’t know.” 
She frowned at him. “What a loser! Now you are declining about your own child? Like 
this?” 
He moved his gaze and glared at her, which caught her off guard. She lifted her brows and mumbled, 
“Don’t you dare give me this look. You are the one who made another woman 
pregnant; I am not one who had slept with another ma—” 
She paused when he suddenly grabbed the back of her neck and pulled her toward his face. 
His eyes pierced hers as he spoke, 
“Never dare to say that again, not even in your dreams. I will kill that man first and then punish you to the core, where death will be easier.” 
His voice was cold as ice, and his gaze was fierce Natalia’s wolf submitted to him inside. It was because he was her Alpha, the Alpha capable of submitting another Alpha before him. 
“Why? “You do not have the guts to taste your own medicine?” 
His fingers around the back of her neck tightened as he drew her closer, causing her nose to rub against his. 
“Natalia Miller, just because I love you, you can’t take advantage of my love like this.” 
His lips almost brushed against her. He closed his eyes to lean. However, she pressed her fingers against his lips and said, 
“I refuse to believe you. I can also kill that woman just like you said about another man.” 
He opened his eyes and glanced at her fingers. She removed them from his lips. 
“I have nothing to do with that woman. She is pregnant, but she is not carrying my child. I can’t remember doing anything with her.” 
She glared at him for a while and uttered, 
“Then prove it to me, Adrian.” 
###Alpha 451
Adrian stared at her cold eyes. Their anger was visible to him. He caressed his fingers on the back of her neck and replied with an assured tone, 
“I will prove it to you very soon.” 
Natalia felt a burden move through her heart. She closed her eyes for a moment. She felt dizzy in her head. She wanted to believe Adrian. Even though she had decided not to give him another chance. 
However, if he stated so confidently that he was not the father, it could be true. She could only hope that. 
But what if he was influenced by something and made the mistake? How might things turn out for them? He said he was unconscious. But how did he get hurt and lose consciousness? 
Many questions popped into her head, and she wanted to hear the answers from him. 
She remembered how she had asked him questions, and he had ignored them. He had said that he did not want to talk about it! 
She took a deep breath and then opened her eyes. 
But as soon as she opened her eyes, she gasped. Because Adrian moved his hand to her head and pressed his lips against hers. 
Her eyes widened by the sudden kiss. 
She forgot to push him as she shut her eyes and let him kiss her. 
His kiss was not rough like other times. In fact, his lips were soft against hers. He kissed her gently. His lips nibbled her bottom lip, then licked it with his tongue. 
Natalia’s hands moved to his bare shoulder. She could feel him pressing her body against his, as if he did not want any space between them. 
The kiss made her heart melt. 
She did not know why, but no matter how angry she was at this man, his one gentle kiss could shake all the anger away in her heart. 
She forgot the cries and hatred that developed in her heart for him. His one reassuring response could sway them all. 
He tilted his head to kiss her deeply. 
Her fingers reached to his soft looks to caress them. But her fingers stopped at the bandage covering his forehead. 
He was so engrossed in the kiss that he did not realize her touching the bandage. 
Natalia had a feeling that Adrian would not let her see his w ds. She wondered why a powerful Alpha like Adrian could not heal a wound. Even his broken arm healed by himself in just one night after she saved him during the war. So, what was the deal with this wound? 
When she was about to unwrap the bandage, Adrian froze and broke the kiss, 
“I–I want to see your wound,” she said, stunned by his reaction, 
He grabbed her hand and shook his head. 
“You don’t have to. It will=” 
He interrupted him and said, 
“I can heal your wound.” 
He looked into her eyes and asked, 
“So you now care about me? Will you mind if I die?” 
Natalia looked away from him and mumbled, 
“I will not answer it until I have proof in my hand.” noveldrama
# 
He let out a sigh and removed her hand from the bandage. “There is no need to see this.” 
She frowned at him. “Adrian, don’t make me mad. I am speaking to you nicely. Let me see it.” 
He refused it again and moved her from his lap, then made her sit next to him. 
“You should sleep now. You look tired.” 
Saying that, he tried to stand up. But Natalia held him and grabbed her face with her hands. She hurriedly opened the bandage before he could stop her again. 
But as soon as the bandage came off and revealed his forehead, Natalia’s eyes widened in shock. 
“T–This! H–How did you get this wound?” 
###Natalia was shocked after seeing the wound in Adrian’s forehead. She thought it was a wound that she 
could heal. 
But after seeing the wound, she doubted she could heal it. 
“How did you get this scar?” she mumbled, staring at his forehead. 
He had a wound on his forehead that looked like a burning scar. 
As she reached out to touch the wound, her hand trembled. 
Natalia shifted her gaze at him and furrowed her brows. “How did you get this wound? Why are you not replying to me?” she asked again. 
She remembered the night when the pack was attacked by the rogues. That night, one of their villages caught fire. Natalia assumed he got the wound from the fire. 
As her fingers were about to touch his wound, Adrian immediately grabbed her wrist to stop her. 
“Don’t touch it,” he said. 
“Why?” she asked. 
He shook his head and let go of her hand. “It’s not a wound that you can heal. So don’t waste your time on 
it.” 
Natalia was confused. Her eyes were once again drawn to the mark. She felt her heart shake inside by the depth of the wound. 
She could not imagine how much pain he had to bear when he got this. 
A hand came to her sight, and she closed her eyes. Adrian placed his hand on her eyes. 
“Don’t look at it. It’s ugly.” noveldrama
She did not open her eyes. She was upset. 
He removed his hand from her eyes and grabbed the bandage to wrap it around his forehead again. 
Natalia slowly opened her eyes. She saw him trying to bandage his forehead. 
She looked at him carefully. 
Suddenly, she remembered the war she had gone to save him from. 
That night, he was on the edge of death. It was the night when she realized that he really loved her. He 
had stopped her from healing him, and he was not even afraid of death. 
Natalia moved a little closer to Adrian, which caused him to pause. 
His eyes met hers. 
She grasped the bandage and removed his hand from it. 
She moved her legs and pressed her knees on the couch to raise and move toward him. 
His face was closer to her chest when she bent toward his forehead to examine the scar. 
Her finger caressed over his wounds. He shut his eyes as if he were in pain. 
She lowered her head and kissed his scar. 
“It’s not ugly. It’s just painful to see,” she mumbled after moving her lips from his forehead. 
She glanced into his eyes. He fixed his gaze on her, and they remained that way for a while. 
Natalia let out a shaky breath and asked, 
“What are you hiding from me, Adrian? What is it?” She asked in a low tone. 
“What if I don’t want you to know?” he asked, looking into her eyes. 
She turned her gaze away from him upon hearing his words. She bandaged his forehead, not knowing what treatment he was getting for it. Because she could not heal a burning mark. 
‘I will find out everything, Adrian,‘ she thought. 
& 
When she was finished, she tried to get out of the couch. 
However, Adrian wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his head against her chest. 
“I want you, baby. Will you let go of everything for tonight and be with me like we were before?” 
###Natalia’s hands moved to his shoulders. Adrian thought she would push him away. But Natalia did not push him. Instead, she rubbed his shoulders and moved her fingers to his soft locks. 
When he felt her fingers on his hair, his grip tightened around her. 
Natalia was silent, which gave him peace.. 
He was holding her in silence, which was exactly what he needed at that moment. 
After a while, he unwrapped his hands and raised his head to look at her. When his head moved, it brushed against her breasts. 
She looked into his eyes without saying anything. 
Adrian ran his hands on her back and got to his feet. 
He motioned her to the closet and said, 
“Go and change your dress. You can’t sleep in this dress.” 
She assumed it was a signal for her to join him in bed. Without anything in her mind, she nodded her head and got down from the couch. 
She went to the closet and looked through her dresses. She grabbed a nightgown and went to the bathroom to change. 
Adrian sat back on the couch, staring at the bathroom door. 
His phone, which was on the small table near him, rang. 
He glanced at the caller’s name. 
He did not receive the call. 
Rather, he reached for the cigarette packet and pulled out one. When he lit the cigarette, his phone stopped ringing. 
However, after a second, it started to ring again. noveldrama
He let the smoke out of his mouth, then grabbed his phone and received it. 
As soon as he got the call, the person on the other end spoke up, 
“Alpha Adrian.” 
White listening to the person, Adrian took a deep puff of smoke. 
“I was informed that you were looking for me,” the person said with a strong voice. 
Adrian was quiet, which caught the other person off guard. 
“Alpha, is there anything serious? Why do you suddenly need me? I never thought you would ever search for me.” 
This time, Adrian broke the silence and said, 
“Did I disturb your daily life? Were you in any experiments?” 
“Well, you can say that.” 
“I don’t care.” 
“Yeah, I know. That is why I am curious why you are suddenly thinking about me. You never search for me, even though I have heard you are on the verge of death. So why did you suddenly feel the need for my assistance?” 
“It is time for you to pay me back,” Adrian said. 
The person remained silent for a moment before asking, 
“What happened, Alpha?” 
Adrian glanced at the bathroom door as he answered. 
“It’s Leightons.” 
“They are back?” 
Adrian was about to respond when the door to the bathroom opened. He moved his phone away from his ear and ended the call. 
His gaze was drawn to Natalia, who was dressed in a black, sexy nightgown. 
Natalia approached the couch to see what he was doing. 
After switching it off, he placed his phone on the table. 
He stood up, causing her to stop walking. 
She let out a gasp as he bent down and lifted her into his arms. 
He walked over to the bed and laid her down. She bit her bottom lip, thinking he was engulfed in lust. In her assumption, he wanted to have her right now, and since he was in pain, she wanted to give in. 
She was taken aback when he went to turn off all the lights and returned to the bed. 
Her eyes widened when he climbed on top of her and kissed her forehead before saying, 
“When I said I wanted you, I didn’t mean to have sex. I know you are mad at me, and you have all the right to do that. I won’t do anything until I solve your confusion and break your anger. I don’t want you to think that I am using your body for my desire.” 
She looked at him. The moonlight streaming in through the window allowed her to see his face. 
After lowering himself, he leaned against her chest and rested his head there. 
He hugged her body and muttered, 
“Let’s sleep like this. Just hold me in your arms. I promise that I will make everything right.” 
###Natalia’s sleep broke when she heard the sound of a door closing. 
She opened her eyes but immediately shut them. She felt her head aching like hell. She bit her bottom lip and lifted her hands to rub her eyes. 
Her eyes slowly opened again, and she gazed at the ceiling. 
It took her a few seconds to remember what had happened last night. 
She recalled how Adrian was hugging her tightly while sleeping. When he was asleep, his face appeared so innocent. She had allowed him to embrace her throughout the night. 
She looked at her fingers and remembered running them through his soft hair. 
His relaxed face came to her mind. It was as if he had not slept in a long time. 
Pressing her elbows against the mattress, Natalia sat up on the bed. She moved back to reach the headrest and leaned against it. 
All the blinds were open, so the sunlight was coming into the room easily. She rubbed her forehead, resting her head against the headrest. 
“This ridiculous headache!” she mumbled. 
She looked around the room. Her eyes fell on the door. 
She realized Adrian had left since she heard the sound of closing the door. 
“Did he leave me again?” she asked herself. 
She recalled Adrian’s wound. Her heart felt a pang by just thinking about it. 
The wound was more painful than she thought. 
Unexpectedly, her hand moved to her other hand, where the burn scar used to be. 
But after getting Adrian’s mark, it became invisible, as if his mark had the ability to heal it. 
She caressed her skin, taking deep breaths. 
C 
Her mind was messing with many questions that she knew Adrian would not answer. However, she would have to figure out the answers on her own. 
S 
C 
She was the Luna of a pack right now. How could any woman just come and want to take her husband away from her by pretending to be pregnant with his child? noveldrama
She felt relieved that Adrian had cleared her last night that he had done nothing. She remembered his words about only wanting her and never sleeping with another woman. 
Her hand moved down to her belly, and she smiled. She was happy that her child did not have to face the devil side of Adrian. He could be the devil to everyone else in the world, but he was a soft man for her.. 
She decided to tell Adrian about her pregnancy but not before learning about Hazel’s unborn child. Because she wanted to discover the truth first. 
425 BOWS 
Adrian would have to prove to her that what he said last night was not a lie and that the woman was carrying another man’s child. 
Natalia thought about going to the bathroom to wash up and leave the house. 
As she just removed the blanket from her body to get down from the bed, the door of the bathroom opened. 
She froze as her eyes went to the bathroom door. 
She saw Adrian coming out of the bathroom. 
‘So he didn’t leave?’ she thought. 
She saw that he had taken off the bandage covering his forehead. The wound was visible there. She clenched her teeth, thinking that she could not do anything even after becoming a healer. 
Her eyes moved to his eyes, and they locked with hers. She averted her gaze and shifted it to his body. 
Upon seeing only a black towel wrapping around his waist, she gulped. 
Water droplets dripped from his wet locks onto his bare upper body as he approached the bed. 
###Natalia could not just move her eyes from his body. Her gaze drew to his abs. 
“Liking it?” he asked with a smirk. 
“Huh?” 
She immediately looked away from him and blinked her eyes. 
When he came to her side of the bed, she moved back. 
He bent down and grabbed his phone from the nightstand. He turned his head to her and said, 
“What? I was just taking my phone.” 
She nodded, waiting for him to move so she could get out of bed. 
However, he had something else on his mind. 
He stood up straight and turned to face her. 
Seeing that he was not moving, she glanced at him. 
She saw him staring at her chest. 
She lowered her head, realizing that her nightgown was too loose, exposing her half breasts. 
She quickly fixed her nightgown, only to hear a chuckle, 
“Newlyweds, aren’t we?” 
She took a deep breath before looking at him. 
“I was just-” 
She paused when he placed his one knee on the mattress and bent down toward her. 
Natalia swallowed her breath. After last night, she could not find anger for him in her heart, which surprised her. 
Adrian looked into her eyes and leaned in her face. 
“You should react according to your feelings. If you are shy, then let it be. I like it when my wild woman gets shy after giving me a hard time at night,” he said. 
His deep voice and warm breath touched her cheek. Her heart, which only beat for him, began to race faster. 
Did he mean she treated him too coldly? 
He tilted his head. His lips touched her ear, which caused her to close her eyes. 
When he bit her earlobe, she pressed her hands against his chest. 
He grabbed her hands and rubbed her fingertips against his abs. Her breath caught as she felt them under her fingertips. 
She let out a low moan as he nibbled her earlobe. 
He kissed her cheek and said, 
“CEO Natalia, if you moan again, I will forget my promise. I will ruin you on this bed and not let you go to the company today.” 
Natalia’s eyes flung open as she realized that she had taken over his company. 
She turned her head, and their noses brushed against each other. 
“Your conny…” 
He stopped her by pressing his finger against her lips. While fixing his gaze on her lips, he muttered, 
“That’s your company now. Remember how I used to visit your pack for deals? To be honest, I used to go there only to see you. I miss those days, I miss that woman who liked to rule over wealthy businessmen.” 
Natalia sighed and removed his finger from her lips. 
She turned away from him and said, 
“I was mad at you. I made this decision out of anger. People will make fun of you, Adrian. How can a Luna take over a pack company when the Alpha is still alive? Because I am his heiress, l’used to run my dad’s pack company, but this one is different. People will doubt your abilities and success.” 
Adrian moved back and stood straight. He placed his hand on her head. 
While stroking her hair softly, he replied in a gentle tone, 
“Being in control of your woman is not a sign of a strong man. A man who can push his woman forward and give her a high position without caring about his own is the most powerful man from
within.” 
She let out a low moan as he nibbled her earlobe. 
He kissed her cheek and said, noveldrama
“CEO Natalia, if you moan again, I will forget my promise. I will ruin you on this bed and not let you go to the company today.” 
Natalia’s eyes flung open as she realized that she had taken over his company. 
She turned her head, and their noses brushed against each other. 
“Your company…” 
He stopped her by pressing his finger against her lips. While fixing his gaze on her lips, he muttered, 
“That’s your company now. Remember how I used to visit your pack for deals? To be honest, I used to go there only to see you. I miss those days. I miss that woman who liked to rule over wealthy businessmen.” 
Natalia sighed and removed his finger from her lips. 
She turned away from him and said, 
“I was mad at you. I made this decision out of anger. People will make fun of you, Adrian. How can a Luna take over a pack company when the Alpha is still alive? Because I am his heiress, I used to run my dad’s pack company, but this one is different. People will doubt your abilities and success.” 
Adrian moved back and stood straight. He placed his hand on her head. 
While stroking her hair softly, he replied in a gentle tone, 
“Being in control of your woman is not a sign of a strong man. A man who can push his woman forward and give her a high position without caring about his own is the most powerful man from within.” 
* 
###Natalia stared at Adrian for a long time. He also did not move his hand away from her head. 
None of them broke eye contact. 
Natalia felt ease in her heart. She almost assumed that this man had changed again, but she was wrong. In front of her was the Adrian who could do anything for her and her happiness. 
“Adrian, you were telling me the truth, right? That child→→ 
“Not mine,” he cut her off. 
She let out a long breath. 
But then, in the blink of her eyes, Adrian leaned down and planted a kiss on her lips. 
It was only for a second because the next thing Natalia felt was him removing his hand from her head. She watched him move away, heading to the closet. 
She slowly lifted her hand and touched her lips. Her cheeks flushed. 
She got down from the bed and moved toward the closet. 
She stood next to him, watching him take out his clothes. 
She focused her gaze on his injured arm from last night. 
It was healing, so she was relieved. Her gaze shifted upward and stopped on his forehead. 
She looked at his wound carefully. She wondered how he got it. 
“You haven’t told me how you got this wound,” she mumbled. 
He turned his head to face her and noticed her worried yet curious look at the same time. 
“I am afraid if I tell you, you won’t be able to hear it.” 
His words sent shivers around her spine. She realized what he had meant by that. 
She inhaled and asked, 
“Was it so painful that I can’t hear it?” 
He smiled at her and shuffled her hair. 
“It’s so excruciating that you will encircle me in a fearful embrace for eternity.” 
Her eyes widened. He let out a chuckle at her expression. 
She pushed his hand away and asked, 
“Is it too painful? Even more painful than how I almost pierced your chest?” noveldrama
She reminded him of the wound on his chest that did not heal for a long time, or she could say that he did not let it heal. She was the one who healed that wound on their wedding night. 
Adrian moved closer to her, which caused her to press her back against the closet door. 
Adrian came to her eyes level and replied, 
“Frankly speaking, that was the most painful wound in my life. I went to save a woman who I love, but she wanted to kill me. I felt like dying at that time. But I thought it was my redemption.” 
Natalia blinked her eyes and looked away from him. She should not have brought up the past again. She only wanted to tell him that she could handle hearing anything. 
“If you are so curious, why don’t you wait for a while?” 
She shook her head and gazed at him. 
However, she froze when she saw his eyes shift from black to brown. 
“Y–Your eyes. What’s with the sudden change?” 
He shut his eyes as if he were in pain. He murmured with a painful tone, 
“It’s because of the wound.” 
###Natalia immediately cupped his cheeks, causing him to open his eyes. 
“Look into my eyes,” she said to him. 
She wanted him to feel her wolf. She wanted her wolf to handle the situation. 
Her eyes turned dark blue as she dug her gaze into his. 
Adrian furrowed his brows while looking into her eyes, but then he shut his eyes once again. 
He let out in a deep voice, “Don’t.” 
He moved back. Natalia’s hands were in the middle of the air. She watched him backing away from her. 
“Adrian,” she mumbled. 
She recalled how many times his eyes changed like that in front of her. 
She felt a pang in her heart when she realized that most of the time, he felt pai his wound, and his eyes changed when she was too close to him. Even last night, he felt pain. 
He turned around and ran his fingers through his hair. “I will see what I can do about it,” he said with a frustrated tone. 
Natalia did not make the situation more difficult for him. She pulled out a dress out of the closet and 
rushed to the bathroom. 
During the shower, she recalled what had happened all these days. By how Adrian was making everything clear to her slowly, she realized that he was also not having good days in those two weeks. 
When she got out of the bathroom, she found the room was empty. 
She glanced at her phone, which was on the small table near the couch. 
She remembered leaving the phone in the private cabin while drinking in the club. She wondered how Adrian got her phone from there. 
She grabbed her phone and walked out of the bedroom. 
She went downstairs and looked around the house. There were no maids in the house because no one lived there anymore. Amanda was also shifted to the pack house to take care of Noah and Aria. 
Natalia heard some noise coming from the kitchen. She stepped toward the kitchen and was stunned 
when she reached there. 
She saw Adrian was making breakfast. He looked so handsome with the black apron over his white shirt. 
Leaning against the frame of the door, she watched him plating the food. 
“Done, let’s go,” he said without turning around. 
Her brows lifted as she stood straight. “You knew I was here?” she asked, moving closer to him. 
“Of course. I can smell you from afar,” he replied and turned to her. 
Her steps paused. She looked away and reached out to the tray of food that he was holding in his hands. 
“Give it to me.” 
He moved aside and headed out of the kitchen. 
“No way. Just relax and have breakfast with me.” 
With a small smile on her face, Natalia followed him. He went to the dining room and set the table. 
He removed the apron, placed it on a chair, and then pulled another chair out for her. 
She sat down and looked at the food. With their aroma, she believed they were delicious. 
He sat down on his chair and served her food on a plate. 
She took a bite, and her brows shot up. 
“It’s tasty!” she exclaimed, turning her head towards him. 
She grabbed a plate and served him food; then she said, 
“Taste it. It’s delicious.” noveldrama
Adrian grinned at her and muttered, 
“It’s not more delicious than you.” 
###Natalia picked up on his words. Her cheeks flushed. However, she did not respond. She lowered her head and finished her food. 
After eating her food, she turned her head to look at Adrian. 
“How did you get my phone? It was in a-” 
“Private cabin?” he cut her off. 
She looked away from him and nodded her head. 
“I was… I don’t know what happened to me last night. I went to get some drinks. Then…” 
She paused since he was aware of what happened after that. 
“I was concerned about you, so I tracked your location.” 
“I see.” 
ear if I had not found 
“But when I found your phone but not you in the cabin, I was out of my mind you, I would have burned down the club. That man in the cabin told me about the man who took you away.” 
Natalia’s eyes became darker as she muttered, 
“They are not saints either. They didn’t try to stop the man; in fact, they were laughing as if it were normal.” 
Adrian kept quiet for a moment after listening to her. He then placed his hand on hers and said, 
“Don’t worry. Whenever you want to go to a club, I will accompany you.” 
She gave him a quick glance before slipping her hand out of his grasp. 
“I hope you will work for Hazel’s pregnancy and find out the truth very soon.” 
Having said that, she stood up from her chair. He exhaled deeply while looking at her. 
“I am leaving for the pack company,” she said, turning around to leave the dining room. 
“I am not going back to the pack house today. Will you come back here from the company?” he asked. noveldrama
She paused for a moment before turning to him. 
“Why are you not going back?” 
“have something to handle from here. If you come, then I will-” 
She interrupted him by saying, 
“No, I am not coming back.” 
He nodded, shutting his mouth. “I see. You need some time to think things over.” 
She shook her head. “It’s not like that. Noah got sick a few days ago. Aria is also with him. They need me. I am their mother.” 
He folded his arm as if he were angry with her. 
“What about me? I am your husband. Don’t I need you?” 
She stared at him for quite some time. In her heart, she also wanted to be with him. She also had the desire to spend more time with him. 
However, she had something else on her mind for tonight. She would need to concentrate on it first. 
Seeing her silence, he muttered, 
“Take my driver with you.” 
“Okay, see you tomorrow,” she mumbled. 
He remained silent as she turned around and exited the dining room. 
His eyes were fixed on the door. 
After a while, he dialed a number. 
The other person received his call and said, 
“Alpha.” 
Adrian’s eyes darkened, and his voice became colder as he spoke, 
“Find out about the people who were in the private cabin last night where I found Natalia’s phone. Send 
me every one of their names and their information.” 
###After exiting the house, Natalia began to walk. 
She was thinking back on everything that had happened up to this point. She trusted Adrian, but she was not going to go easy on him. It was not because she still had a little doubt in her heart; it was because she was upset with him for not sharing anything with her. 
She turned to look when she heard the sound of a horn. 
Adrian’s car was heading towards her. She paused and moved to the side. 
The car came to a stop beside her, and the driver quickly got out. 
“Luna, Alpha ordered me to send you to the pack company,” the driver said, opening the back door for her. 
“Oh, yeah. I forgot,” she said, getting into the car. 
During the ride, she thought about Adrian’s wound. She slowly moved her hand to the back of her neck, where the mark of a healer was located. 
“I wish I could heal him,” she mumbled. 
Whenever she thought about the burn scar, her heart shook inside, thinking about the pain he had to endure. 
She remembered his color–changing eyes and closed her eyes in deep thought. 
When she arrived at the pack company, everyone was stunned. While they were aware of her arrival and the news of her taking over the company, they were curious to understand the reasons behind her and their Alpha’s decision. 
When she passed by, everyone rushed toward her and bowed to her. 
A young man approached her and greeted her. 
“Good morning, Luna. I am Luis. I will be your personal assistant from now on.” 
“Morning, Luis,” Natalia greeted him in return. 
Luis gave her a tour of every department. 
Natalia recalled coming here to deliver Adrian’s coffee. At that time, she was an employee of Liana’s coffee shop. 
Suddenly, she had an urge to go and meet Liana. It had been a while since she met her last. She had seen her daughter with Max in her wedding ceremony. They looked really happy together. She hoped Liana was fine as well. 
“This is your cabin, Luna,” Luis said, opening the door of the CEO’s cabin. 
Natalia entered the room. She looked around. The past memories came to her like flashbacks. 
The room reminded me of how Adrian healed her fingers while sucking them. 
She realized she had many past memories of Adrian no matter where she went. She prayed that 
everything would be solved soon so that they could return to their normal lives. 
Natalia made her way to the desk. She sat in the chair and closed her eyes. She could still smell Adrian’s scent there. noveldrama
‘I will return your place to you, Adrian. I am not the type of woman who would take advantage of a man who is going through a difficult time,‘ she silently said to herself. 
Luis was standing near the desk, his head lowered. 
“Give me the files with our most recent projects.” 
“I am coming back soon with the files, Luna,” Luis said and dashed out of the room, thinking that she would get mad if he delayed. 
Natalia leaned her back against the chair while observing the office. 
At that time, her phone rang. 
She noticed it was her ex–secretary, Damia’s call. 
She immediately received the call and asked, 
“Have you made any duplicate keys for that door yet?” 
###Damia remained silent upon hearing Natalia’s question! 
Her silence did not set well with Natalia, so she asked, 
“Why are you quiet, Damia? You called me to inform me about the keys, right?” 
Damia cleared her throat and said, 
“Miss…” 
Natalia observed that her voice was very low. “Are you okay? Is everything alright in the Blue Blood Pack?” 
Natalia began to worry about her pack. It dawned on her mind that her brother was out of the pack. 
“Miss, everything is alright. I–I went to some shops, and they said that they could not make a key for that lock.” 
Natalia’s brows arched as she was confused. “What! But why?” 
“They said it’s an ancient lock and only power can break it. You can use ordinary keys, but it would not open.” 
“What rubbish!” 
Natalia rubbed her forehead, thinking that her pack’s locksmiths were not doing a good job. 
“Have you told them that they did not need to worry about money?” 
“Miss, I said to them. But they told me to go to an ancient locksmith who lives in the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
“In this pack?” 
“Yeah. They said that the key could only be made in that pack.” 
D 
Natalia turned silent. Natalia’s curiosity grew as she wondered what had prompted others to create a special key for that room. She wanted to know what was inside. 
e 
She remembered Hazel looking at the door for a long time. It was like all of her intentions were based on what inside the room. 
“I need to go to that locksmith,” Natalia murmured. 
“Miss, can I go with you?” Damia asked. 
Natalia frowned at her question. “Why? What about your job in the pack company?” 
Damia took a brief pause before replying, 
“Miss, can I be with you? Since the CEO changed, Alpha changed my position in the company. Though the salary is higher than before, I want to stay beside you. My mom…” 
“What about your mom?” 
Natalia recalled that she once said her mother was sick. 
“She…. passed away a month ago.” 
Natalia was stunned. She felt bad for Damia. She was like her little sister. When she was the CEO of her pack company, Damia helped her a lot. Everyone used to mock her in the beginning, thinking that she would not be able to work properly with that great responsibility; however, Damia was the only employee in that company who always supported her and worked hard with her as her assistant. 
“Okay, you can come to the Crystal Blood Pack.” 
“Really?” Damia’s voice cheered up. 
“Hmm. But you have to leave the Blue Blood pack and come here as soon as possible. I will have to go to that locksmith.” 
“Sure, Miss. But what about Alpha?” 
“I will talk to my brother. He won’t refuse my request.” 
“Thank you so much, Miss.” 
“Come safely, bye.” 
Natalia hung up the call. Thinking about the door, her head started to spin for no reason. 
“Because of the pregnancy,” she murmured. noveldrama
Someone knocked on the door. She turned her head and said, 
“Come in.” 
Luis opened the door and entered the room. He walked toward the desk and placed a few files on it. 
“Here are the recent deals that we are working on, Luna.” 
Natalia stared at the files for a moment, then raised her gaze to him. 
“Do you know where the ancient locksmith lives?” 
###Luis appeared to be shocked. 
“Ancient locksmith? Luna, do you need a locksmith? I can manage the best locksmith right now.” 
“No, no. Not the best one. I want to know about the ancient locksmith,” Natalia said. 
Luis looked like he had no idea about it. So Natalia let out a sigh and said, 
“Forget it. Get back to your work.” 
She reached out to one of the files that Luis had just placed. 
She opened the file and started to check about the deal. As she was reviewing it, she realized that Luis was still there, standing near the desk. 
Natalia raised her gaze from the file and asked, 
“Do you want to say something?” 
Luis lowered his head and said, 
“Luna, if you want, I can check it for you.” 
“Check what? About that ancient locksmith?” 
“Y–Yeah.” 
“Okay. But don’t tell anything to your Alpha.” 
Luis glanced at her. She raised a brow and asked, 
“What? Are you my assistant or his?” 
Her voice was cold, just like she used to be in the Blue Blood Pack. She was not a soft woman who flickered around here and there with a bubbly nature. She was known as CEO Natalia, a figure that other businessmen used to fear in the business world. 
“Y–Yours,” Luis replied. 
“Then go and collect all the information about that locksmith, including his current address.” 
“Okay, Luna.” 
When Luis left the room, Natalia focused on the files. 
But her mind was in the locked room. Her mind began to conjure up possibilities for what might be inside the locked room. She wanted to know what Hazel’s connection with that room was. 
Maybe that room can solve all the problems in our lives,‘ Natalia thought. 
The whole day passed in the office. Natalia did not forget to check what her children were doing. Besides being a businesswoman, she was a mother too. That was how she passed her old days in the Blue Blood 
Pack. 
It was late evening, when Natalia was ready to leave the office. 
Luis came to her office room and handed her a file. 
“Here is all the information about our ancient locksmith, Luna. I tried my best to get all of his details out.” 
Natalia grabbed the file and gave him a warm smile. 
“Thank you, Luis. You helped me a lot.” 
Luis was surprised to see her smile. He immediately nodded his head. “Anytime, Luna.” 
As she exited the company’s building, she saw Adrian’s car parked there. 
Natalia held the file tightly and thought, noveldrama
‘Is Adrian here?‘ 
She glanced at her file and took a deep breath. She did not want to show it to him. 
She noticed the car started to approach her. When the car stopped right next to her, the driver came out and said, 
“Alpha ordered me to send you to the pack house.” 
Natalia thought, ‘Oh, so he is not here.‘ 
She sighed in relief when the driver opened the backdoor, and she found no one inside. Her grip loosened the grip on the file. 
She got in the car and sat on the backseat. 
As soon as the driver closed the door, Natalia’s phone rang. 
She pulled out her phone from her bag to receive the call. 
Her eyebrows shot up when she realized whose call it was. 
“Brother!” 
###Chapter 462
? 
Natalia immediately received the call and spoke out first.
"Brother?"
Jason's calm voice came out of the other side as he said,
"Natalia."
"Brother, where are you?"
As if he could understand her desperate tone, he replied,
"I am in the Blue Blood Pack. Why? What happened? Is everything okay there?"
"In the Blue Blood Pack? But when I asked Eric, he told me that you were out of the pack. When did you come back, brother?"
The driver started the car. Natalia immediately grabbed the front passenger seat and gestured to the driver to stop the car.
The driver hurriedly stopped the car and parked it on the side.
She put the phone away for a second from her ear and said to the driver,
"Wait a minute."
The driver understood that she needed some privacy. So he nodded his head and went out of the car, leaving her inside to converse with her brother.
"I heard from Eric that you were looking for me. I was out of the pack for a few days for some work. I got back today."
Natalia leaned her back against the seat, glancing outside the car.
The weather conditions were extremely cold. The chilly wind made contact with her face, causing her to raise the window and express her discomfort in a hushed tone.
"Brother, I had something to ask you."
"Ask anything you want. I am your brother. What's there to think about?"noveldrama
She was silent for a while. She was confused if she should ask him about what was on her mind. Wasn't it a derogatory question for him?
"Natalia, do you need any help with your pack?"
Suddenly, something caught
Natalia's mind. She gulped when she
realized that her brother had no idea about her taking over Adrian's company. to
She was afraid that once he learned about Hazel and her child, he would misunderstand Adrian, just as she had.
"Brother..."
She paused, not knowing how to tell him about this.
However, she changed her mind. She could not let him know about all of this until Adrian found out any proof against Hazel. "Brother, I heard our Blue Blood Pack is now backing Black Haw Pack. May I know why?"
It was the question she wanted to
?
ask him. If he had not supported the
pack, it would have been easy
?for
her to destroy that pack's economy and all the financial support. to 
But now, in this case, her biggest rival was her brother.
She was waiting for her brother to tell her about it. But what she got from him was just a simple answer, which was, "It's personal."
She blinked her eyes as she could not understand what he meant.
"Personal? Brother, that pack is dangerous. Do you have any idea who they are?"
"I know they are different from us.
But they also have the right to live like us. They need to develop more. I just gave a hand to them to stand straight, nothing else." to 
Natalia tightened her grip around her phone. Her eyes turned cold. She could not control her rage, as she said,
"You need to break all the deals with them, brother."
###Chapter 463
? 
Jason was stunned upon hearing her. He could not understand why she was saying that.
"Natalia, what's wrong?"
Natalia shook her head as she gritted her teeth and muttered,
"I want their downfall, and here you are supporting them? Why, Brother?"
Jason paused for a moment before calmy asked,
"Why are you after them? I have not heard any mention of them visiting the Crystal Blood Pack. Trust me. They are not a threat to your pack." "Not a threat?"noveldrama
She scoffed at his words.
The biggest threat they had already sent to them. It was Hazel and her child.
"I can't understand what you are saying. Did they offend you?" Jason uttered.
"If they did, will you hurt them?" She asked directly.
Jason could not reply. Natalia was shocked by her brother's silence.
"What is your connection with that pack, brother? Do you know they are enemies of your sister's pack?"
"Enemy?"
"Yes, Enemy. They are after your sister's happiness. Now, don't ask me anything more because I can't explain anything to you right now. I need time."
"Natalia, you are confusing me. I think you are not in your right mind. I need to talk to Adrian about it."
Natalia's eyes widened as she said,
"No, no. Don't call him. He is not well."
Jason seemed perplexed. "What happened to him? I was informed that he has returned in good health."
Natalia rubbed her forehead with her fingers as she started to feel stressed.
"He got a deep wound on his forehead. It doesn't look like it can be healed."
"You are a healer-"
She cut him off and uttered,
"It's a burning scar. I can't heal him."
She almost wanted to say that she would try. But then her hand slowly reached to her belly. She caressed it and mumbled, "I can't try."
"What is the connection with it to the Black Haw Pack?"
What
"Because Adrian had been there for two weeks. He was not missing; he was in that pack with that pack's people. They did not treat him well and harmed him. I don't know what, but there is something that is connected to the two packs. think there was a rivalry between them in the past. Do you know anything?" to 
"No, I don't."
"Then you should know. I am searching for the truth. All I can say is back off from the deal with them."
"It's a contract. How can I-"
Natalia let out a pleading voice. "Brother, please?"
Jason turned silent. As if he were
giving a thought about it, he
remained quiet for a while. She also
gave him some time to think, praying that he would agree with her to 
MS
In the business world, canceling deals between two packs was very difficult. Some of the packs went bankrupt if they did not fulfill the conditions of termination. Natalia was afraid of the clauses of cancellation. to 
What if that pack made the deal that was impossible to break?
Jason let out a sigh, giving the impression that he had reached a point.
"Okay, let me see what I can do about it."
Natalia's eyes lit up. "Thanks, brother."
But the next moment, all the color faded from her face when she heard his brother again.
"I am coming to your pack next week."
###Chapter 464
? 
"Why?"
Natalia asked as soon as Jason finished his sentence.
Jason doubted her and asked,
"What, why? Can't I come to visit my sister's pack?"
Natalia bit her tongue. It was not like she did not want her brother to come to this pack. However, if he saw Hazel and learned about her child, there might be a big fight between him and Adrian.
Her brother was very protective of her. He would not listen to her and take her away from Adrian.
"You can visit. But given that you have just returned, you must be extremely busy with work."
She tried to make an excuse. She did not want him to see Hazel in the pack house and learn about her accusations against Adrian.
"That's why I said next week, Silly," his brother said with a chuckle.
She almost smacked her forehead in frustration. She had no other choice but to say,noveldrama
"O-Okay."
She hung up the call and closed her eyes. She did not know if his brother came to this pack how he would react.
Natalia lowered her head and saw the file, which contained all the details of the ancient blacksmith.
The old blacksmith of this pack was called Charlie Marzano.
He used to live in the town, but something happened with his family, and he had to shift to a village.
There were no details about what had happened with his family years ago; it caused Natalia to frown. She turned a few pages and found where he used to work.
She read the whole file in a few minutes. She learned many things about the man. She wondered if he really could be of help in her matter. to 
Swne
'Only he could make a key for that lock. I have to go to the village to meet him,' she thought.
She glanced at her phone, realizing that she had forgotten to talk to her brother about Damia.
She believed that when Damia arrived, she would discuss her situation with Jason. She believed Jason would not feel any problem with it in fact, it was Jason who had established Damia as her personal assistant years ago. to 
Natalia turned her head to signal the driver to enter the car.
The driver bowed his head from a little far, and then he rushed toward the car. He got in the car and started it.
When Natalia saw he was taking the road that was leading to the pack house, she bit her bottom lip.
She was feeling tense and unwell at the same time.
"Turn the car," she said.
"What?" The driver asked.
"I said turn the car," she said again.
The driver glanced at the rear view mirror and asked,
"Luna, where to?"
Natalia took a deep breath, thinking not to go to the pack house. She would talk to her children and tell them to sleep. She trusted Amanda that she would manage her children. to
Swn
Natalia exhaled, as there was only one place where she could find peace at the moment. So she replied,
"Take me to your Alpha's residence."
###Chapter 465
? 
The car came to a stop in front of a large villa. From inside, Natalia could take a look inside. The blinds were slightly parted, revealing the dim lighting inside the villa.
She shifted her gaze away from the villa and lowered her head to look at the file she was holding.
"Miss, we arrived," the driver said, assuming she was not aware or was in a daze.
She took a deep breath and nodded her head.
"I know."
The driver hurriedly got out of the car and opened the door for her.
She stepped out of the car and walked toward the villa.
There were no guards outside, as if Adrian had told them not to be there.
With slow steps, Natalia made her way to the front door.
She lifted her hand to open the large door. Before opening it, she glanced at the file.
There was no way she would let Adrian know about it. He did not need to know what she was doing. It was her choice to learn the truth by herself. She went inside and found no one in the living room. She looked around, trying to look for him.
"Where is he?" she mumbled.
She glanced at the way the kitchen was. Though she had no appetite to eat, she walked toward the dining room, trying to see if he had his dinner done.
Natalia, seeing that all of the rooms were empty, turned her heels and went upstairs to their bedroom.
She was surprised that Adrian was not inside the room.
Didn't he say he would be here tonight?
Did he change his mind since she had told him that she was not coming?
She walked toward the closet and stopped on her side. She put the file inside securely and let out a sigh.
She grabbed a nightgown and closed the door.
She then went to the bathroom to take a quick shower.
Her mind went back to what her brother said to her on the phone.
He was coming to this pack next week.noveldrama
What would happen if he found out Adrian was being blamed for a pregnancy? How would she explain to him?
Natalia's mind roamed back to Adrian. Why was he not here?
After taking a shower and putting on the nightgown, she left the bathroom.
While rubbing her hair with a soft towel, she walked out of the bedroom.
She was not in the mood to eat anything. She was not hungry at all. She wanted to have some fresh air, so she decided to go to the balcony. to 
As she came close to the balcony, she heard the sound of a female voice.
Her steps froze when she heard the familiar voice.
"Adrian, why don't you come back to the pack house? Why are you doing this to me and my child? Don't you have any care for your own child?" to
swne
Natalia's eyes darkened as she did not move.
move
That was Hazel's voice. Adrian appeared to be at home on the balcony. He was talking with Hazel on his phone, putting it on loudspeakers. to 
Natalia stood right there to listen to what the other person would reply.
Adrian was silent. It made her want to move closer to the balcony door, so she did.
She caught sight of Adrian's back as he smoked and gazed at the landscape before him.
Then she heard him respond to Hazel in a deep voice.
###Chapter 466
? 
"I am afraid I will kill your child if I do."
Adrian's voice was chilly, and it came out as a warning.
Natalia was silent, not letting out a sound. However, as if he could feel her presence, he turned around, and their gaze met.
"Adrian? Please don't kill the child. I am afraid to stay here alone."
Hazel's voice was coming out of the phone as the phone was on loudspeaker.
Natalia forced her gaze away from Adrian's dark eyes. She shifted her gaze to the phone, which lay on the railing's frame.
She slowly walked toward it while rubbing her hair. She removed the towel and placed it on the railing before grabbing Adrian's phone. "Hello? Adrian? Are you listening to me?"
Natalia glanced at Adrian, who looked surprised to see her. His curious gaze was visible to her.
"Don't disturb my husband. He won't come back. Because I am with him and I will always be."
After saying that with a cold tone, Natalia cut the call.
Adrian's eyes did not move from her.
She was the one who broke eye contact again. She moved to the railing and grabbed it lightly. She saw how the trees were moving because of the cold breeze.
Adrian also turned around. His eyes were now focused on the forest, the darkness inside them fading slowly.
Natalia turned her head to look at him.
When the cigarette was about to touch his lips again, she lifted her hand and grabbed his wrist to stop him.
He gazed at her and asked,
"I thought you wouldn't come."
She immediately removed her hand and looked away from him. She mumbled in a low tone,
"I also thought I would not want to stay here."
She thought about something and added,
"But it looks like no matter where I go, I can hear that woman's voice everywhere."
Adrian took a deep puff before smashing the cigarette bud on the frame. Then he turned to her.
"I made it look like I trusted her. She should get some overconfidence When people are overly confident, they make mistakes. I am waiting to grab it." to 
She nodded her head without looking at him.
They both were silent for a long time. She could feel his gaze over her all the time.
After a while, she felt him getting closer to her.
When she turned her head, he moved his hand and wrapped it around her waist.
She felt a shiver on her body at his touch.
He moved behind her and hugged her.
"Brother said he is coming next week," she told him.
Adrian's hands that were wrapping around her waist froze.
She turned around to face him. Sensing his nervous expression, she remembered how he had stopped her from contacting her brother because he was afraid he would take her away. to 
"Did you tell him anything?" he asked, arching his brows.
Natalia looked into his eyes and replied,
"No, but you need to do something real quick before his arrival."
Adrian heard her, but his eyes shifted her lips. Natalia
his
Soticedet.
gaze and closed her to 
He did not kiss her; instead, he picked her up in his arms.
She was stunned.
"What are you doing?" she asked, wrapping her hands around his neck.
Adrian did not reply as he went to their bedroom.
He gently lay her on their bed and pulled her into his arms.noveldrama
He kissed her forehead and said,
"Before I lose control of myself, sleep in my arms."
###Chapter 467
? 
The next day,
Natalia woke up early. She found Adrian sleeping, leaning against her. He was in a deep sleep. So she slowly got out of bed.
Like the old days, she got ready and prepared breakfast for him.
She did not wake him up and left for the company. She did not forget to take the file with her, which had the address of the blacksmith.
She did not talk about it to anyone but planned to go there today.
As the whole tiring day of work had finished, she thought about leaving the company.
At that time, a young woman came and knocked on the door of her office room.
"Come in," she replied.noveldrama
As soon as the young woman entered her office, Natalia jumped on her seat.
"Damia?"
"Miss!"
Damia rushed toward her.
She came to hug Natalia. Natalia smiled at her and hugged her back.
"How are you, Damia?"
"Miss, I am happy. After seeing you, I am really happy right now. It is as if I am seeing my family member."
Damia's excited tone made Natalia feel warmth.
She stroked her hair and said,
"Didn't I say you can call me Sister? I am your sister. You can always be with me."
Damia felt emotional, and Natalia could see tears in her eyes.
She grabbed the file of the blacksmith and walked out of the office room with Damia. Since Natalia had already told the receptionist about Damia's arrival, she did not stop her from coming.
But when Natalia's assistant, Luis, saw her going out with Damia, he rushed toward her.
"Miss, are you leaving?" he asked.
"Yeah, I have some stuff to do. You can also leave."
Lifting her hand to look at the watch, Natalia uttered,
"It's already late. You can go back to have family time. See you tomorrow."

He bowed to her after glancing at Damia for a second. Damia lowered her head as they continued to walk, as she did not know anyone here except Natalia. 
Natalia
a
Vic a glimpse of Adrian's
car outside the company. Like last night, Adrian had sent his driver to
pick her up. Content beloppe
However, tonight, she would not go back to him. She wanted to go somewhere else.
Instead of going over to Adrian's car, she hailed a cab and left with Damia for the blacksmith's address.
On the way, she caught up with Damia about everything.
"Why don't you go for a few days in the Blue Blood Pack? Everyone misses you a lot."
"Damia, when did brother return to the pack?"
"He is back? When? I didn't know about it. Maybe it is because I left before he returned."
Natalia realized that his brother had called her as soon as he reached his pack.
"Can you tell me how many times he left the company to go out of the pack?"
Damia was surprised when she heard her question. She thought for a moment before replying,
"Beta Eric can provide you with an accurate answer. But, yes, he left the pack a few times."
Natalia frowned as she mumbled, "A few times?"
Damian nodded her head and mumbled,
"Who knows what was so important that he had to leave board meetings and go out of the pack suddenly?" 
Swno
###Chapter 468
? 
Natalia was confused as to why his brother often went out of his pack while leaving the important board meetings. And why might this be the case? Because she remembered that when she was in the pack, he disliked going outside. Even all important pack meetings used to take place in the Blue Blood Pack.
Natalia fell silent, completely immersed in her thoughts.
Damia glanced at Natalia, trying to get a new conversation as she thought she had said something that she should not have said.
"How is life in this pack? How is Alpha Adrian?"
Natalia blinked her eyes, getting out of her thoughts. She turned to Damia and smiled at her.
"He's good."
She tried to hide her fear in her heart, which was clenching inside all of a sudden.noveldrama
She needed to figure out how to fix everything before it was too late.
Two hours went by while the car continued to move forward.
The car moved into the village side as it passed through the old town.
Natalia was thinking about the ancient locksmith. What stated in the file was that the man was a very old man, older than Qadir.
She could just hope that he could help her.
The skies were becoming cloudy.
The clear weather began to darken as black clouds obscured the blue color of the sky.
Natalia closed her eyes and rested her back against the seat.
A few minutes later, she heard a loud crack of thunder. Her eyes flew open.
She pressed her hand against her chest as she began to feel strange. It was not as if she was afraid of thunder. But her heart began to race. It was a feeling that something terrible was about to happen.
She pulled out her phone and dialed Amanda's number. Amanda did not pick up the call. It made her worry more.
She then dialed her mother-in-law's number.
When Adrian's mother received the call, she spoke first.
"Mom, is everything okay in the pack house?"
Andrian's mother, Grace, was stunned when she heard Natalia's question. She had just had dinner with everyone, and everything was okay. 
swnov
"Everyone is okay except you and Adrian. You two don't come h We
the situation was
for you both. But at least both. But at least
Natalia politely interrupted her and said,
"Mom, I will be there soon. Would you please check if Noah and Aria are okay?"
Her mother understood that she
was worried for her children. So she
quickly checked on the twins and
replied, et
"They are asleep. Don't worry, Natalia."
"Thanks, mom. Please take care of yourself."
After having a short conversation with her, Natalia hung up the phone. Even though she had already checked on her twins, she felt uneasy. Thinking if this child was fine, she slowly ran her hand over her belly. Seeing that Natalia was sweating, Damia held her hand and asked,
"Sister, are you not feeling well?"
Natalia inhaled deeply and balled her fists in her dress.
"I don't know. I began to feel strange shortly after crossing the town," she mumbled in response.
At that time, her phone rang. When she glanced at the screen, she saw it was Adrian's call.
###Chapter 469
? 
She quickly picked up Adrian's phone. She brought the phone near her ear. She was about to ask if he was okay; he cut her off and asked, "Where are you?"
Natalia paused herself. She could not move after hearing his voice. He did not seem unwell or in any danger.
So he was also fine, then why the hell was she still feeling like that?
"I am outside," she replied, trying to calm her breath.
Adrian turned quiet as if he could hear her loud heartbeats.
Her gaze moved outside the window. A few drops of rain began to land on the windowpane. The yellow lights of the street started to illuminate the raindrops.
Natalia's gaze was drawn to the slow movement of the raindrops as they combined with other drops.
At that time, both of them were listening to each other's breath on the phone.
After a minute of silence, Adrian asked,
"Are you coming home tonight?"
Natalia blinked her eyes.
He again said home. It was true. His residence was their actual home, where they used to live before. "No."
"Why?"
"I have some stuff to do."
Adrian exhaled deeply, which made her heart beat increase.
"Okay."
His calm and soft tone caused her to feel a pain in her heart.
What if Hazel had not come into their lives? They would have been happy right now.
She had not forgotten how he held her in his arms last night. They fell asleep peacefully in each other's embrace. "Bye," she uttered.
When she noticed he was not cutting the call, she took a shaky breath and cut the call.
Damia watched her every move from beside her. But she was silent. She was worried for Natalia.
Are we doing the right thing by going to that man? Can he help sister?' Damia pondered.
After about half an hour, the car entered a forest road. The car sped along the rough road.
Natalia feared it might harm her
ild. So, she placed her
her belly to protect it el
"Be careful, driver. The lady beside me is not an ordinary person," Damia said to the cab driver.
The cab driver glanced at the rear mirror, not knowing what Damia was saying.
"The address you both gave me is this location," he explained.
Natalia looked around, realizing they had entered the forest.
The rain had stopped a while ago.
The cab driver stopped the car in front of an old, shabby wooden house.
Natalia and Damia both stepped out of the car. Natalia paid the cab driver and asked,
"Can you please wait for us here?" We will go again."
The cab driver thought for a moment then said,
"Okay, you have one hour. I will go back if can't, and you will not be
able to you
o get a cab here notenoveldrama
Natalia agreed with him and gazed at the house.
She covered her strong scent and headed to the door of the house.
Damia knocked on the door, and they waited outside for someone to open it.
An old woman opened the door. Natalia inquired about the person she had come here to meet.
"Oh, you are here for him. He is inside. Please come in.”
Natalia's gaze shifted away from her
and
see
to the room. She could
e many keys scattered on the floor. 
So she got to the right place.
Swno
###Chapter 470
? noveldrama
"Caspian Brooks?"
Natalia asked as she walked toward the old man who was sitting on the wooden floor while slamming a hammer on a key.
Though he was an old man, his hands were not shaking while working. His hands tightened his grips whenever his hammer went close to the keys. Hearing his name, the old man raised his head slowly. He adjusted his glasses and tried to look at Natalia carefully.
"Who are you, child?" he said with a weak voice.
Natalia realized that he was not as strong as she had thought about him. It was just that his hands were professional when he was working. "Gentleman, I need your help."
The old man set down his hammer and looked at the old woman behind Natalia and Damia.
"Please sit," the old woman said to them.
The house was really small. It would not be a lie for her to say that the entire house was equal to her and Adrian's bedroom in the pack house.
The old woman was about to grab a stool for them. But Natalia shook her hands to stop her.
"We can sit on the floor."
The old man and old woman were both taken aback. By looking at Natalia's clothes, they could guess that she had come from a very wealthy family.
Natalia slowly sat down on the mat that lay on the floor. Damia quickly followed her lead and sat beside her.
The old man looked at Natalia and asked,
"How may I help you?"
Natalia and Damia exchanged a glance. Damia nodded her head at her and turned her gaze to the locksmith.
"We have a lock that you need to unlock."
The old locksmith gave her a nod and said,
"Enlighten me about it. Let me see if I can help you."
Damia unlocked her phone and went to her gallery. She clicked on the photo that Natalia had sent her a few days ago. "We need to open this door."
She zoomed in on the photo and showed him the lock, which had a red old seal. She handed him the phone and made sure he could see it clearly. 
The old man adjusted his glasses again and brought the phone closer to his eyes.
Almost immediately, his eyes widened.
"T-This!"
Natalia saw his reaction and uttered,
"Yeah, this. I need to unlock this door. Please help me with the keys."
The old man raised his gaze from the phone and looked directly into her eyes.
"How can you go near this door? Who are you?" the old man asked.
Natalia
not want to introduce herself
Un taken aback. She did
as
e wanted to hide here
identity. So she said, 
"I am Luna's friend. She wants this, so she sent it to you."
The old man handed the phone back to Damia. He shook his head and said,
"I can't help you. I can't make a key for this door."
Natalia frowned at him. "But all the locksmiths said about you. Why are you refusing to help us?"
The colors of his face drained as he replied,
"It's not any ordinary lock. The door ё
has been spellbound for years. The lock was made by my father, and it was spellbound by my father's sister, who was a witch." 
###Chapter 471
? 
Natalia was shocked. Why would anyone try to spellbind a door? What could be the reason?
Her heart rate dropped as she remembered Hazel talking to someone while standing outside the door.
Is this door the reason Hazel is wrongfully accusing Adrian? Does she want to go inside? Is there something inside that she wants?'
So many questions popped into her head. She wanted to know the answers. Only by opening the door could she get the answers.
"Do you know what's inside there?" Natalia asked with a confused tone.
The old locksmith shook his head. He averted his gaze from them. His eyes became cloudy, as if something was reflected in his mind.
"My father had a close relationship with the royals. All the lock on the packhouse's doors was installed by him."
Natalia focused on his words. She was eager to know about his thoughts.
"It was about forty years ago. One night, Alpha came to our house. I was working with my father. I have two children who were also working with me. My father was old but popular. So when Alpha came, he said he wanted my father to work for him instead of me. He said it was very confidential, so I could not join in my father's work. That night my aunt was at home. I saw how she was shocked after learning something from Alpha, as if something really bad happened. I only heard them saying, "We need to cage it before they take it from us." I can clearly remember her words."
Natalia tried to understand everything.
What had they caged and what did others want?
If she uncaged it, would she be in this critical state of her life?
"So you can't help me?" she asked.
The locksmith simply shook his head. "Me? Except for the pack's Alpha leader, no one can help you. Tell Luna to ask him. If he wants, he has the ability to open it."
Damia paid close attention to everything. She was perplexed. She had never heard these things in the Blue Blood Pack. It appeared that the Crystal Blood Pack had kept so many secrets in its chest for years.
"What if Alpha refuses to open it, but Luna does?" Natalia retorted back.
The old man was surprised to hear her. He cleared his throat and replied,
"She is capable of opening it. Only a power can open the door and break the spells. We have heard Luna is a formidable lady. She is an Alpha in rank." 
Natalia's eyes lit up with hope. She nodded her head, a smile spreading across her lips.
"You are right. She has power. She can use her strength and open the door as well."
The weather started to worsen
again. Natalia cast a quick glance outside the window. She noticed the cab driver turned on the headlight. He began to press honks to inform them that he was leaving. Content
"Didn't he say one hour? What's wrong with him?" Damia whispered to Natalia about the driver.
Natalia rose to her feet and spoke,
"It's okay. We got our answer. Let's go."
She hurriedly left the house with Damia to go back to the pack house.
When the car drove out of sight, something came into the ancient locksmith's mind.noveldrama
His brows rose up as he said to his old wife,
"There is one thing I forgot to tell her."
Turning to her husband, the old woman asked,
"What?"
While gazing at the trees, the locksmith replied,
"If anyone breaks the lock with power rather than spells, and anyone nearby is possessed by a witch, the effects will be stronger than before." 
###
It's been two days since Natalia went to visit the ancient locksmith. She had been thinking hard if she could open the door.
She even made a few attempts the last two nights. But she failed to open it.
She realized she did not have much power to break the spell and opened the door.
If an Alpha could break a spell, only one person was capable of doing so.
And that was Alpha Adrian Miller.noveldrama
Natalia recalled how he broke Qadir's spell during the war. He got to know about Noah and Aria at that time.
Natalia wondered if Adrian would ever try to open this secret room.
She did not know why she was intrigued by the room.
It was late at night.
Natalia decided to go to the door again tonight.
As she approached the door with slow steps, her heartbeat started to get slower for no reason.
Was her unborn baby okay?
She caressed her belly with a deep breath.
'Let's try again," she said to herself and walked toward the door.
She glanced at the lock, which bore a red seal.
She looked at the door and lifted her hand. She pressed her palm to the door and closed her eyes.
She frowned when she heard a whisper in her head.
"Open the door."
Her eyes flung open. She stepped backward.
She turned around and found no one. She did not know why she felt that someone was calling her to open the door.
She turned to the door and thought,
'Is there someone inside?
She shook her head. "No, no. It's not possible. Why would Dad lock someone inside? The old maid mentioned that Dad had locked it before Adrian's birth."
Why did Adrian never feel any curiosity to open this door? She remembered asking him about it once, and he told her not to think about it.
"Does he know anything? Then why is he not doing anything?"
Natalia did not go to the villa for the last three days. She received a daily call from Adrian asking if she could visit. All she did was turn him down.
While living here, she had to face Hazel every day. Hazel began to avoid her, seemingly understanding that confronting her was beyond her capabilities.
Sometimes Natalia overheard her talking to someone, telling them that,
"I am trying, but my power doesn't work on the lock."
It was obvious to Natalia that she was talking about the door.
She would try again if it meant unlocking the spell-bound lock was their only hope to get back in their old lives.
Natalia held her breath and reached out to the lock.
She closed her eyes and took a long breath.
When her eyes opened, they were dark blue.
Her hands began to move the lock in desperation. She let go of the lock and began pushing the door with her hands.
Just like the previous two nights, she was unable to open it.
She huffed and nearly accepted her defeat.
However, something began to itch her on the neck.
She touched the mark on the back of her neck.
She was a powerful healer. How could she forget that?
Her blood was the most powerful liquid. It had the ability to transform into either a cure or a poison.
###
She lowered her head, looking at the lock. It had sharp edges.
She raised her hand and grasped the lock. She swept her palm across the jagged edge after pressing it firmly against it.
Immediately, blood spurted from her hand, soaking the lock.
Natalia gripped the lock tightly as she felt a burning sensation on her palm.
Her dark blue eyes glowed as she made her final attempt. Taking hold of the lock, she exerted all her strength to pull it.
She moved back when the lock broke, and it came to her hand from the door.
She was surprised to see that the lock had finally broken.
She returned the lock to its previous position without closing it.
She lifted her head and took a few shaky breaths before opening the door.
As soon as she opened it, she felt as though she was blinded. Because all she could see was darkness inside.
She stepped inside the room.
She flinched as the door behind her slammed loudly.
There was no more light coming from the open door. The darkness completely engulfed her in its grasp.
She started moving her hands to find a window so she could use the moonlight to see what was inside the room.noveldrama
"I am an idiot. I should have brought my phone with me."
While she was moving in a certain direction, she reprimanded herself.
'But after two defeats, who thought I could open the door tonight?" she mumbled.
Unexpectedly, she found a window.
As soon as she opened the window, she looked at the moon, who was shining brightly.
She expected that she would see something very mysterious inside.
She was ready to see it.
So she opened the window widely to let the moonlight inside and turned around to see what was inside the room.
She was stunned when she saw the whole room was empty. There was no furniture, paintings, or anything.
However, there was something on the ground.
It was an urn.
Around it were many lines. They resembled a star. The urn was positioned in the center of the star.
"What is so important in it that Dad has been hiding and that Hazel's family wants?"
While mumbling, she dashed to the urn to look inside.
But just as she was about to reach the urn, her legs tripped on something, despite the fact that there was nothing else around her but the lines drawn with white chalk.
She fell to the ground. Her hand brushed against the urn, causing it to crash loudly against the floor.
Her eyes widened when she noticed the urn had broken.
But that was not the end of her surprises.
Her heart started to beat faster when she reached out to touch the ashes that spilled from the broken urn on the ground.
Before she could touch it, all of the lines that resembled a big star caught fire, preventing her from doing so.
As the fire approached, she clutched her belly and backed away. She was still on the floor, so she could only move backward.
She came to the realization that she had reached the center of the star, and the fire was all around her.
###
Natalia's eyes began to change from blue to black. She had no idea what was going on. The flame was growing hotter around her.
She could feel the heat on her body.
She was not afraid of herself but of her unborn child.
"Now what am I going to do?"
She tried to stand up, but she realized that her ankle was hurt.
She tried to collect herself and looked around to see if there were any gaps. But she had no way of getting out of the fire.
She turned her focus to the urn.
"What was inside that caused the fire?"
She examined it carefully. Her eyes widened as she observed the ashes blending with the air and dissipating. She looked out the window and saw the moon.
The ashes appeared to be desperate to fly away through the air, and the moonlight was providing the power. If it was a war and she had to fight the wolves, she could have handled it.
But how would she fight against fire?
Natalia sat up straight and pressed her palms on the floor to stand up. She hissed as she felt pain in her legs. She did not know why, but her legs were getting heavier as if something was pulling her to the floor.
With all the strength she had, she stood up, putting all the pressure on one leg.
Even if she jumped, she would get burned.
What should she do now?
Her body could not withstand the heat. She felt her head start to spin around.
She shut her eyes and shook her head.
"No, no. Not now."noveldrama
Her body collapsed on the ground in the midst of the fire.
Her palm, which had nearly healed from opening the door, was pierced by the sharp flank of the broken urn.
Her bloodied palm swept across the floor. She wanted to get away from the fire.
She was not alone. She was carrying an unborn child. She could not die like that.
At that moment, she had no other choice but to scream for help.
"HELP!"
*PLEASE SOMEONE HELP!*
She realized that she should not have opened the door.
Her eyes welled up with tears. Her only thought was to figure out a solution. She had no idea that her actions would lead to unintended consequences.
"I am sorry, my child," she said, sobbing.
Her powerful body could not do anything against the fire.
She did not know what the star lines were.
It was the strongest power lines that came together to form a star in the Witch's world. It was pentagram that could be used to both imprison and empower evil witches.
It was something that she should not have crossed. She broke an urn that was supposed to be broken. The ashes were blown into the air, which should not have left the room.
Despite the light of fire, she saw darkness slowly envelope her.
She began to lose consciousness.
Only one name came to her mind at that time.
Her heart began to call his name, for fear of losing their child.
Her wolf, Nancy, howled inside, pleading for help to survive.
Natalia slowly closed her eyes, her hands clutching her belly. Before she passed out, she tried calling her mate one last time in her heart.
"Adrian..."
### 
Under the warm light, Adrian was sitting on the couch. His gaze kept shifting to his watch. He took a few glances at his phone, which was lying on a small table near the couch.
Except for the living room, all of the lights in the house were turned off. It was because he worked late into the night.
The files on the table were evidence of how much work he had done.
Though Natalia took over his company, he did not stop working. Besides work for pack development, he was also working on office work. He did not put her under any pressure to work.
In the last few days, he asked if Natalia could return to the house. However, she consistently declined, saying that she preferred to remain close to Aria and Noah.
It was not like he did not want to see them. But he did not want to cause more misunderstanding between him and Natalia by staying where Hazel
was.
In the silent living room, his phone's ringtone rang loudly.
He quickly grabbed the phone thinking that it was Natalia.
However, it was not her but an old man who had been waiting to call him.
"Alpha!"
As soon as he received the call, the man spoke up in a firm voice.
"Did you get my message?" he asked the man.
"Yes, Alpha. I will head over to the Crystal Blood Pack the moment you permit me."
Adrian heard him and tapped his fingers on the couch's hand rest. His gaze moved around the room, and he took shallow breaths.
Today he was not feeling very well. He wondered if he should get a full body checkup. After returning from the Black Hawk Pack, he did not visit his private physician. Perhaps something happened to his body.
"Alpha?"
He swallowed his breath when he heard the man calling him.
"I am all ears," he muttered, clenching his fist that had been tapping before.noveldrama
"Alpha, I arranged everything as you said. I cast all of the spells and prepared everything. If you tell me, I can come to your house this week."
The old man's voice was not polite but not rude either. He kept calling Adrian Alpha" to show minimum respect; however, there was a tone behind it, indicating that he was not happy with him. 
Adrian leaned back against the chair, closing his eyes.
?
"Do everything you are required to do. Open the door and take the thing out of the room. I don't want any of my family members to get hurt because of it." 
Adrian took a pause for a moment, then murmured, "Including your former Alpha."
The man remained quiet. Adrian was not pleased with it. His eyes opened, and his brows frowned.
"If my dad got hurt by any of this, I will kill you."
The man started to cough for a while. After t
drinking a glass of water, the man replied,
"Alpha Adrian, in everyone's eyes, you are saving your pack and your family. But as far as I can see.....”
He paused; Adrian's brows eased as he thought he would say something reckless. But he froze when he heard his next sentence.
"You are crazily in love with your
Luna. don't want her to get hurt.
That's you approached me even
though you know it can hurt your
whole family." 
Adrian did not say anything as if it was true. He heard the man's low tone on the phone.
“Alpha, be careful. This love can also cost you your life."
### 
Adrian's grip tightened around his phone. His face turned furious.
"Stop your nonsense."
"I am not lying. An Alpha should only love himself because if something happens to him, the whole pack will have to suffer for it."
Adrian rolled his eyes and muttered,
"Your Luna owns your Alpha's life. He almost died during a war. That time she came and saved him. Are you not aware of it?"
After saying that, Adrian cut the call in anger. He did not want to listen to him anymore.
He tossed the file onto the table, which was on his lap. He got up off the couch and went upstairs.
'Just a few days. Everything will get back to normal,' he thought.
He took a shower and went to bed.
Feeling alone in the bed, he dialed Natalia's number.
He longed to be with her. But all of the chaos forced him to stay away from her.
Natalia did not receive his calls. Given how late it was, he assumed she was asleep.
He lay down on the bed and set his phone on the bedside table.
He tried to fall asleep with one arm covering his eyes.
All of a sudden he felt weird inside once more. It was the same feeling he had in the living room a while back.
He felt his heart begin to beat at a low pace; his breath hitched for no reason.
To his surprise, his wolf started to growl inside.
He had no idea what was going on.
"What's wrong?" he asked his wolf.
His wolf turned wild, yearning to shift. He wanted to see his mate.
Adrian started to feel restless. Was Natalia alright? Why did his wolf begin to behave this way?
"She needs us," his wolf said inside him.
His eyes widened when he realized his wolf could feel her wolf through the mate bond.
He immediately sat up in bed. His
eyes had turned red. It glowednoveldrama
he
hoas going to shift right now, right
swnover
here. 
He did not waste time getting out of bed and grabbing his car keys to leave the house.
He wanted to go and see if Natalia was okay.
But as he took a step away from the bed, his head whirled. He paused his movements.
He reached up and touched his
Shead. He did not know where the
pain in his forehead
swno
from. 
As his legs lost their balance, he collapsed onto the bed.
He clenched his jaw. His eyes began to shift from red to black, back and forth.
His wolf howled inside when he felt like someone piercing his heart with a pin.
He was experiencing strange and painful sensations. It was as if something was controlling him. It
was hurting him, but he felt
see it. 
Adrian let out a loud groan in agony. It dawned on him that he was going to see Natalia.
So he tried to ignore the pain by standing up.
Even though he was in pain, he was only thinking about Natalia.
He was concerned that she was in danger. He did not forget what his wolf had said.
When he stood up, fighting his inner pain, he noticed that it was less intense than before.
Adrian looked confused.
However, his whole body trembled and his eyes shut tightly when he felt a blow inside. When he opened his eyes, they were completely brown.
### 
The sunray lit the room as it made its way into the room through the opened window.
A woman was lying on the ground. Her hair was covering her face. She looked like she was sleeping while holding her stomach.
However, she was not sleeping. She was unconscious.
The entire night she was there.
She blinked when the bright sunlight was directed at her face.
Her eyes slowly opened.
Her eyes were still and puzzled for a few seconds. When she realized where she was, she sat up immediately.
She looked around her. The urn beside her caught her attention. She recollected everything that had happened last night. She glanced at the door and realized that no one had come to her rescue.
Her memory of last night's fire was still fresh. She tried to locate the white lines that resembled a star.
Her eyes grew wide when she discovered nothing on the floor. The room was empty except for her and the broken urn.
She was also unharmed as if the fire had never reached her and blown away.
'What was that,' she wondered.
She reached out to touch the urn. She moved the broken pieces, trying to see the ashes that she had seen last night. She was shocked to see nothing.
But she remembered that when it broke, some ashes spilled around. In fact, after that, the fire spread around her. Natalia took a deep breath. Everything was confusing to her.
"Was I dreaming about the fire?"
She stood up, holding her stomach. She felt pain when she tried to walk. So she crawled while taking a slow walk.
She pushed open the door and exhaled heavily.noveldrama
When she came out of the area, all the maids who were working around looked shocked.
"Luna, are you okay?" one of them asked.
Hearing her, Natalia stopped her steps. They rushed to take her hands and support her as she walked.
While walking, she noticed her reflection in the glass window beside her.
Her hair was messy. She looked exhausted.
"Luna, what happened to your hand?"
Natalia looked at her hand and saw dried blood. She recalled how the broken urn injured her hand. She wondered what had happened to the ashes. 
én.kikistories.com
n
What was it? Would her life change from now on? Wasn't the door the only way to get back her old life?
Natalia decided to talk to Adrian
about it. Because she could not hide
this matter from him. She had
l
already opened the door. She thought Hazel would react about it too. So she waited to see what
would happen next. 
Natalia went to her bedroom.
She noticed her phone and saw a lot of missed calls from Adrian's number.
She dialed his number, but he did not pick up. She assumed he was swamped with work.
She went to the bathroom to take a warm shower.
After that, she went to the pack hospital and checked on her pregnancy anonymously.
She was relieved to learn that all of the reports were fine.
"Your baby is fine."
"Thanks, Doctor."
ne
She left the hospital, thinking about going to Adrian. She considered telling Adrian about their baby as she held her report in her hand. 
She raised her hand to hail a cab since she had come without her car.
At that moment, her phone started ringing.
She answered the phone without seeing who had called her.
“Adrian, I am coming home."
"Natalia."
Natalia paused when she heard Jason's voice.
"Brother?"
She removed the phone from her ear and looked at the number. It was indeed her brother's phone number.
"Sorry, Brother. I thought—
Jason interrupted her by saying,
"It's okay. It's good that you are going to the pack house. I am on my way there, too."
###
Chapter 478
Natalia was caught off guard. Her brother was already in this pack! What would she do in this situation?
She remembered Adrian telling her not to tell her family anything. He asked him not to leave him or this pack because he was afraid Jason would take her away.
'Are you listening to me?"
Jason's voice pulled her out of her thoughts. She gulped, moving her gaze to the road.
"Yes, brother. I am listening," she mumbled.
"Good. Then I will talk to you later."
'B-Brother."
'Hmm?'
"How long will it take you to get to the pack house?"
"One or two hours."
"Okay."
Jason cut the call. Natalia's phone was still pressed against her ear.
She was confused. Why did her brother come so early? What could be the reason?
Perhaps he got to know about Hazel's baby. She believed it was not Adrian's child. But how would she prove it to her brother?
Natalia took a deep breath before hailing a taxi. She got in the cab and told the driver to take her to the house where Adrian was staying.
She decided to talk to him first, then handle her brother together.
Looking outside the window glass, Natalia's eyes were searching for a smoothness from the dull weather.
She was stressed. She could not stop thinking about what happened the night before.
She was going to meet Adrian to tell him everything.
She looked down at her report. She put it in her bag and held the bag tightly.
The cab came to a stop in front of the house.
She quickly paid the driver and went inside. When she entered the house, everything was quiet.
Her gaze fell on the files that were scattered across the table. Adrian appeared to have worked until late at night.
She slowed her pace and took in her surroundings.
Why did it feel like something was strange?" she thought.
She turned around and went up the stairs.
*Adrian?"
She muttered as she approached their bedroom door. Her voice was desperate. It was obvious that she was eager to tell him about her pregnancy.
A smile spread across her face as she opened the door. But the smile washed away from her face the next moment.
Her room was a mess. She entered the room and looked down at the floor. Flower vases and wine bottles lay
broken on the floor.
Abruptly, she began to worry about Adrian.
"Is everything all right?'noveldrama
Her gaze swept across the room.
He seemed to have left the house. What could have gotten him so mad that he broke everything in the room?
She quickly dialed Patric's phone number. It kept ringing for a while, but Patric did not answer.
She felt annoyed that Patric was not answering her calls. She dialed Adrian's number this time, thinking that he would receive it.
Surprisingly, when she called his number, the ringtone echoed throughout the room.
She immediately glanced at the pillow from where the ringtone was coming. His phone was under the pillow, then where was he?
Natalia was totally confused.
Observing the broken items that were scattered across the floor caused her to feel anxious.
"Adrian, where were you?"
Her body flinched when she heard Adrian's voice from behind her.
"What are you doing here?"
###
Chapter 479
As Natalia turned around, she found Adrian standing at the door.
She was on the verge of rushing toward him, but she immediately halted herself when she realized that if she moved more quickly, her feet might come into contact with the broken glasses.
"Adrian, where were you?" She asked, stepping in his direction slowly.
There was no response from Adrian. His eyes were fixed on her. Natalia came to a stop in front of him and looked into his eyes.
In his eyes, she noticed a blurriness that she found to be quite uncomfortable.
"What happened to you? Are you okay?" she asked with a worried tone.
"Why are you here?" he asked with a sharp tone.
She was taken aback. She frowned at him. "Adrian, what's wrong?"
She did not understand why he sounded so cold today. Because up until yesterday, he maintained his composure with her, always assuring her that he would make everything all right for her.
Her eyes shifted from his eyes to his forehead. That was the moment she was shocked.
"Y-Your wound!"
The wound in his head healed completely as if some miracle had happened to him. It was a burn scar; how could it be removed overnight?
She raised her hand and tried to touch his forehead.
But he grabbed her wrist. She hissed when she felt his grip was too harsh on her.
"A-Adrian."
"Why do you care? Not liking how it healed?" he muttered.
Natalia was startled. Why was he saying this? She was happy that it healed, but she was surprised to see it healed so soon.
She assumed he misunderstood her, so she said,
'I was only asking. It is good that it healed."
He stared at her, not letting go of her hand. She tried to pull her hand back. However, his grip became tighter.
The grip caused her to hiss again. She blinked her eyes, not understanding what was wrong with him.
She saw there were no emotions in his eyes. They turned clear as crystal glass.
*Adrian, you are hurting me.
He drew her toward him. She felt her body pressed against his.
Her brows arched when she could not feel his scent even after coming this close to him.
She raised her head to look at him.
"Your scent! Adrian, what happened to you?"noveldrama
He glared at her, digging his gaze on hers.
His tone was agitated as he muttered, "Didn't I warn you not to go near that door?"
The only feeling she could detect emanating from him was anger. Her eyes widened in shock.
"How do you know!"
She had not said that to anyone yet. How did he get to know? Did the maids see it and inform him about it? Did Hazel learn about it?
Adrian released his grip around her wrist and moved his hand to her jaw.
He grabbed her jaw and leaned in close. His head lowered to her level, and he uttered,
"You have broken a curse that was cast even before I was born. If it were so easy to break the door, wouldn't I be the one to do it?"
###
Chapter 480
Natalia was startled. Her eyes widened, but nothing came out of her mouth. Adrian had a firm hold on her jaw. But it did not hurt all that much. The real suffering was inside her heart.
Did she make a mistake?
"Adrian, I-'
He let go of her jaw and stepped backward.
'Leave."
"W-What?"
'Leave the house right now," he said, looking away from her.
She reached out and grabbed his arm in an effort to calm his agitation. "Adrian, please calm down. I am sorry if I did something wrong."
The sweetness of her voice was like honey. However, he yanked his hand and turned his head to her.
Natalia stepped backward when his eyes glowed brown. There was no other color inside. Not a single change, not even a hint of blurriness.
'Leave.'
Natalia could not understand what was going on with him. Her eyes drew to his hands, which were clenched tightly. His veins were bulging out. He appeared to be exerting control over himself.
She was not your typical wolf who would just sit there and watch. Her eyes turned dark blue.
"What happened to you?"
His glowing brown eyes shot his glare.
'Have you not heard what I said? Leave."
"No, I won't."
She seized his arms once more, ignoring his words. He tried to snatch his arms, but before that, she cupped his cheeks.
'Adrian, look into my eyes.
Adrian avoided her gaze, refusing to look into her glowing blue eyes.
She forced her to look at her face.
"Please," she murmured when she noticed his hesitation.
He slowly moved his gaze and looked into her eyes.
As soon as his eyes met hers, she experienced a sharp pain in her chest.
"Ahh!"
She screamed as she let go of his cheeks and held her chest. She shut her eyes, trying to understand the pain.
Her legs began to move backward. While taking a few steps back, her legs tripped on something. She was about to fall to the floor, where she could be hurt by the broken glasses.
However, a pair of arms grabbed her waist and pulled her toward a hard chest.
She opened her eyes and met the glowing brown eyes.
With those eyes, Adrian looked stranger to her. It seemed as though he was not being himself.
Their faces were close. But there was a distance between them.
She was here to tell him about her pregnancy and about Jason's arrival. But she had no idea something else was waiting for her here.
'J-Jason is coming, Adrian. Please stop behaving like this. Everything is already so confusing. Let's tell everything to him. Maybe he can help us."
She tried to ignore the pain in her chest.
"I will clear all the confusion today," he said and started to pull her along with him.
"What?"
Her legs scrambled as he took her out of the room. He dashed down the stairs in a hurry. She did her best to balance her steps behind him.
When he brought her out of the house, she was perplexed.
He grabbed the car keys from his driver and pushed her inside the car.noveldrama
###
Chapter 481
She noticed him get into the driver's seat. "Are we going somewhere? We have to go to the pack house. We have to get there before him," she said, glancing at his brown eyes.
He listened to her but did not respond.
He appeared to be in a rage.
After shifting gears, he slammed on the accelerator and started the car.
The car got out of the area of his house in a few seconds.
Natalia's heartbeat started to race as she watched how fast the landscape moved before her eyes.
*Drive slowly," she uttered.
He paid no attention to what she had to say and continued driving in the opposite direction.
She frowned when she noticed it and said,
*That's not the way of going to the pack house. Where are you going?"
He drove the car while remaining silent. A furrow appeared to form between his brows as if he was becoming irritated by her question.
She shut her mouth and decided to silently watch him driving the car. She was eager to find out where he was going to take her.
It was his clean forehead that caught her attention. How was it that this man was able to heal a burn scar? Wasn't it a strike by some witch or wizard?
As she came to the realization that only a witch could heal it, her calmness slowly disappeared, and her face became pale.
'Did Hazel go to him and heal it herself?"noveldrama
Anger rose in her heart. She did not like the thought and tried to push it away from her mind.
Adrian had already told her that he did not like Hazel. So she should not think much.
After a few minutes, Adrian pressed the accelerator hard.
Natalia's eyes grew wider.
"W-What are you doing?"
Unknowingly, her hand reached for her belly and held it protectively.
In front of her sight, there were so many cars. She was afraid their car would crash into them.
*Adrian, be careful."
He did not listen to her as he turned the car to overtake a few cars. The car was moving at such a rapid pace that it caused Natalia's heart to pound faster.
"Adrian, watch out!"
When Natalia saw a bus approaching in their direction, she yelled,
The bus was full of school students. Natalia's eyes widened as she wondered if the students would be able to survive if the car collided with the bus.
Adrian did not seem to have any intention to move his car to the left or right. His car was heading straight toward the bus.
She turned her head to look at him and asked,
"What exactly are you doing?"
His jaw was clenched. The veins in his hands and forehead bulged out, as if about to explode.
He looked scary. Natalia's heart was trembling.
She glanced at the bus once again. It was now very close to their car.
She could not help but let out a scream in fear.
"ADRIAN!"
###
Chapter 482
The fear that she felt was the same fear that she had felt when she returned to this pack a year ago. It was Lynda who made up that car accident. The person who saved her from that accident was Adrian. She remembered how he put his own life in danger to save her.
Then how could he not be able to control himself at this moment and drive the car in such a way that resulted in an accident?
Fearing that she would die, she closed her eyes. In the middle of the street, the car was whirling around. Her body pressed against the door and her head began to spin around.
On the other hand, everything came to a halt in an instant as her body jerked on the seat.
She heard a loud noise in her head, like a siren ringing around the walls of her mind.
The car hit on something and Natalia felt that she would fall from the car.
After what seemed like an eternity, Natalia tried to feel any pain. Her hand was clutching her stomach.
She opened her eyes to check if she was still alive.
She blinked, but everything appeared blurry.
She turned her head to look behind the car. With her blurry eyes, she noticed the bus was fine as it came to a stop nearby. No one got hurt.
She breathed a sigh of relief. Her gaze slowly shifted to the man sitting next to her.
He had his eyes closed and his head was bleeding.
The car was unmoved as well as Natalia's emotions.
Everything was silent around them.
"Ad-Adrian."
She reached out her hand to touch him. Her palm became bloodied as she touched his face.
Natalia wanted to scream, but her mouth had become numb. She wanted to save the love of her life. However, her head was spinning, and she was seeing black all around her.
When Natalia opened her eyes,
She was in a private cabin at the pack hospital. She blinked her eyes and looked around in the room.
Suddenly she recalled something. Her hands quickly moved to touch her belly.
She sat up and looked at her abdomen.
"Is my baby all right?" she mumbled, getting emotional.
She remembered that she and Adrian had an accident before she became unconscious.
Was it an accident? Or Adrian did it on purpose? She was astounded by why he did that.
Her eyes widened as she remembered his situation inside the car. She shook her, thinking that something happened to Adrian.
She hurriedly got down from the bed.
"Adrian!"
She yelled out as she dashed to the door to go out of the room. At that time, someone opened the door from
outside. Her body collided with the man. She was about to fall to the ground when he grabbed her wrist.
Natalia glanced at the man and spoke out.
"Benjamin!"
Benjamin observed her mental state. He helped her stand up straight. He looked at the hospital bed and noticed she had yanked the IV before leaving.
"Natalia"
'Benjamin, take me to your Alpha," she said as she approached the door once more.
Gamma Benjamin gripped her wrist and pulled her back.
"Natalia.'
"Benjamin, what's wrong? Where is he?"
Benjamin remained silent, making her heart race. He took a deep breath while saying,noveldrama
'He is....'
###
Chapter 483
"He is what?' Natalia asked.
She could wait a thousand years to find out where her husband is. She needed to meet him, she wanted to see him. She wanted to know if he was alright. She kept trying to get through the door with her exhausted body.
"He is fine, Luna."
Natalia paused her movements and turned to look at Benjamin.
She looked at him carefully to see if he was telling the truth or just keeping her calm. His eyes were clear, indicating that he was not lying.
"Where is he?" she inquired.
"He left the hospital about an hour ago."
Natalia was stunned. She blinked, trying to remember whether what she had seen in the car was real or an illusion.
"Was he okay? How were his wounds?"
"He got a wound on his head. But aside from that, he is fine."
Natalia did not ask why Adrian had not come to see her or waited for her to wake up.
Benjamin helped her in reaching the bed by holding her hand and guiding her forward. He sat her down and poured a glass of water.
After handing the glass to her, he said,
"Drink it first. Take a deep breath then I will answer your other questions."
Natalia chugged down the whole glass of water. Her hand caressed her belly.
With a look of shock on her face, she turned to him and asked,
"What about my baby?"
Benjamin cast a quick glance at her stomach and murmured,
"Your baby has a thick bloodline. Just like the father."
A sigh of relief broke out from Natalia's mouth. He clutched her dress as she closed her eyes.
A doctor came to examine Natalia. After injecting her, he said,
"You got into an accident. Surprisingly you didn't get any wounds. It looks like Alpha saved you. His hand is injured because he held your forehead when the car collided with a stone. You are a lucky woman."
Natalia gazed at the doctor and asked,
"What about his health?"
"He is okay. His injuries healed very quickly. Of course, he is capable; after all, he is Alpha Adrian."noveldrama
The doctor thought about something and then muttered,
"But his forehead... there was a burning scar on it. I wonder how Alpha got that. He received a new wound today, which was on top of the scar."
Natalia was taken aback. "Burning scar?" she mumbled.
She remembered that his scar had healed. So how did it retum? What was going on?
Today, she noticed Adrian acting strangely as if he were not himself.
"Don't worry. As his private physician, I would try my best to remove all of his scars."
Natalia gave the doctor a nod. After instructing Benjamin on some medication, the doctor left.
Natalia lay on the bed, reflecting on how things had ended up this way. She asked for her phone, which Benjamin handed to her.
She was eager to speak with her twins. It nearly slipped her mind that she wanted to visit someone who was coming to the pack house.
The door flung open and a man entered the cabin. Benjamin noticed him and gave him a slight bow. "Alpha Jason!"
###
Chapter 484
Natalia tumed her head only to see her brother rushing over her.
"Natalia! What happened to you!"
Natalia put the phone on the bed, not getting the chance to talk to her children. She tried to sit up. Jason held her waist, helping her to sit properly. He put a pillow behind her, and she rested her back on it.
After taking a look at the brother and sister, Benjamin then said,
"I am going out for a while."
Although Natalia gave a slight nod, Jason frowned and turned his attention to him.
"Where the fuck is the Miller family? My sister is in the hospital bed. Why is it that none of them are here?" Benjamin lowered his head and replied,
"They are quite busy today. Tonight, there will be a few guests coming to pay a visit to the pack."
Natalia was confused upon hearing him. "Guests? Who?"
Benjamin glanced at Natalia and then shifted his gaze to Jason. The expression on Natalia's face changed as Benjamin's mind connected with her and said,
'Let's talk about it later."
Natalia came to the conclusion that he did not wish to engage in conversation at this time because in front of Jason, there must be something that he did not wish to say.
"Okay," she replied in the mind link.
She turned to Jason and held his hand. "Brother, how are you?"
Benjamin exited the room, leaving them alone.
Jason sat at the edge of the bed. He put his hand on her head and stroked her hair.
"My baby, what has happened to you? You look pale. You did not look like this the last time I saw you."
She smiled at him while holding his wrist in her hand.
'Brother, I am totally fine. I have something to tell you."
She contemplated telling her brother the good news about her child. However, her smile faded when she remembered that she could not speak to Adrian today.
She should break the news to him first.
"What?"
"I will tell you later. You were going to the pack house. Did you... go there?" she asked carefully.
Jason shook his head. I was stuck at work in the middle. I needed to go meet a few men. When I was ready to head back to the pack house, I called you but heard from someone that you were in the hospital. I hurriedly came to see you."
"Who received you?" she asked in confusion.
"Maybe the hospital stuff."
"Oh," she mumbled.
Jason was there with Natalia for an hour. The doctor came back to check on her and told her she could go home because her condition was not serious enough to require hospitalization.noveldrama
Natalia expressed her gratitude, "Thank you, Doctor."
"By the way, take good care of your baby. I couldn't say that to Alpha since he was in a hurry to leave the hospital." Jason was stunned after hearing the doctor. He looked at Natalia and asked,
'Are you pregnant?"
###
Chapter 485
The blush spread across Natalia's face as she nodded her head. "Yeah, brother."
The confirmation of the news caused Jason's eyes to sparkle. His hand reached into his pocket, and he took out his phone.
"What are you doing?"
"I am calling Mom and Dad. They will be very pleased."
She quickly shook her head and said,
"Don't."
Jason frowned at her and removed his phone from his ear. "But why?"
She lowered her head, rubbing her palm with her fingers. She was entirely at a loss for words when it came to explaining anything to her brother.
"Adrian doesn't know about it yet."
It seemed as though Jason was taken aback. "What?"
"Yes, brother."
"But he should have known before anyone else. He is your mate. He can sense that."
Natalia had no idea why Adrian did not know this by himself. She was in a daze. Her brother gently patted her on the shoulder.
'It's okay. Tell him today. Let's go to the pack house to let others know."
Natalia thought silently for a long time. In the end, she came to the conclusion that she could not possibly refuse Jason's offer. The thought of Hazel crossed her mind. Given that Adrian was present at the house, she presumed that Hazel would not communicate with her brother or tell him anything about her baby. Adrian would handle every situation.
"Okay."
Jason filled out and signed the discharge paperwork. Natalia looked for Benjamin, but he was nowhere to be seen. She considered calling him, but then assumed that the hospital staff would inform him of their departure. Then they left the hospital and headed to the pack house.
Natalia was nervous the whole time. She gulped, thinking about Adrian's reaction to learning of her pregnancy. She smiled a little when she thought about Aria and Noah.
They would be thrilled to have a new sibling.
She felt Jason's hand grip hers. She cast a glance at his hand. Jason rubbed her hand and said,
'I am happy for you."
"Thank you, brother," she replied, resting her head on his shoulder.
If there was anyone in this world that Jason loved more than himself, it would be certainly his own sister. He had always wanted to keep her safe.
Natalia suddenly stumbled upon something.
"Brother."
*Hmm?"
"Why do you back the Black Hawk Pack?"
His muscles stiffened slightly, and she lifted her head to gaze into his face. Although he was composed, she could see a slight movement in his eyes.
"Why did you ask that?" he questioned.
She straightened up and uttered,
"That pack and this pack do not get along, brother."
Looking directly into her eyes, he inquired,
"Does my sister wish to cease lending them support?"
Natalia nodded her head right away, insisting that her brother do so.
"Yes."
After giving her a long look, Jason turned away. "Let me see what I can do about this."
Natalia was pleased to hear that. She hugged her brother and rested her head against her chest. Her brother always spoiled her, regardless of how old they were. He never refused to grant her wish.
In front of the pack house, the car reached a stop.
Natalia and Jason both got out of the car. When the guards noticed Luna and Alpha Jason, they quickly opened the front gate for them.
They entered the pack house together. Natalia observed that Adrian's parents were seated on the couch in the living room.
Jason greeted them and sat down on a couch. They looked somehow nervous in front of him.
Natalia assured them with a nod. They became relaxed.
Immediately after Natalia took a seat next to Jason, they heard glass shattering behind the couch.
Natalia looked around, wondering what had happened.
When she noticed Hazel standing in a corner, she scowled.
Hazel's eyes widened as she stared at someone.noveldrama
Natalia's eyes followed her gaze and realized she was staring at Jason.
Jason looked surprised as he rose from the couch and pointed his finger at Hazel.
"You!"
###
Chapter 486
Hazel's green eyes, which glowed for a brief moment, left Natalia bewildered as she observed them. She then turned to her brother, who appeared to be in a state of shock upon seeing Hazel.
After rising from the couch, Natalia turned her attention to her brother.
'Brother, do you know her?"
Jason's eyes were fixed on Hazel. His lips parted as if he was going to reply.noveldrama
At that moment, Hazel cleared her throat and looked away from Jason.
"N-No. We don't know each other."
There was a frown on Natalia's face. Why did she reply? Did she ask her or her brother?
Jason's finger turned into a fist, moving down to his side. His confused-looking face turned calm as he muttered, "Isn't she the princess of the Black Hawk Pack?"
Hazel's gaze returned to him. They looked at each other. Natalia's confusion got even worse. Nevertheless, she recalled that her brother had been providing support for Hazel's pack for some time, which made it possible that he was familiar with Hazel.
'S-She..."
Grace Miller got up to speak but paused when two children's voices echoed in the living room. "UNCLE!"
Jason's eyes blinked as he shifted his gaze to the stairs.
When Aria and Noah saw that their Uncle Jason had arrived at their house, they hurriedly made their way downstairs quickly. They hugged his legs and said,
"We missed you, Uncle."
Jason lowered his head to look at them. He looked puzzled for something. But he was able to gather himself together in a matter of seconds. He placed his hands on their heads and bent down to come to their eye level.
Aria hugged his neck.
"Uncle Jason, it's good you are here. Here, we are by ourselves. Mommy is always away from us, and Dad doesn't come home."
The lines between Jason's brows deepened. He turned his gaze to Adrian's mother and father.
They did not meet his gaze, which caused him to suspect them. His gaze moved toward Natalia, who was giving him a small smile while saying.
"Actually, Adrian is busy nowadays."
*Hazel, we have a guest. What's wrong with you?" Grace asked.
Hazel turned her head to look at her and then shook her head.
'Sorry. H...'"
She paused as if she was collecting words to make an excuse. The facial expressions on her face made it abundantly clear that she was not in a good mood.
Her face turned pale, all the color drained. She kept changing her expression as if she was pretending.
"Go back to your room," Adrian's father, Lucas Miller said.
Jason gave him a stem look. "Her room? Did she come here to visit the pack for a while?"
Adrian's parents turned to face Jason. Lucas gulped, feeling nervous. Natalia could see that they did not want to tell Jason about Hazel's pregnancy.
"Y-Yes, brother. She came here to visit our pack. She will go back very so-"
Natalia could not finish her sentence because someone else entered the room and interrupted her. His deep voice and cool tone were enough to catch everyone's attention. However, his words shocked everyone.
"No, she is not leaving the pack. She is going to stay here forever."
###
Chapter 487
Everyone tumed their heads to see Adrian in the left comer.
"Dad"
Aria and Noah mumbled. Adrian looked at them. When Adrian's eyes met theirs, they hid behind Jason.
"Go back to your room," Adrian said to them.
They let go of Jason and dashed up the stairs to obey his command.
Natalia was so focused on him that she missed her children's expressions. He was dressed in a gray suit. A bandage was wrapped around his forehead. He looked good with his bangs falling on his forehead and hiding the bandage.
He rarely covered his forehead with hair. This was a new look that suited him perfectly.
Nevertheless, Natalia could not ignore his words over his looks. She was worried for him; at the same time, she was perplexed.
The accident injured him. Her gaze moved to his hands. She could see that his right sleeves were slightly bulged in the arm area. She was certain there was a bandage. His fingers looked fine, but there were a few scratches. "What do you mean she is going to stay here forever?"
Natalia's gaze was drawn back to Adrian's face when she heard Jason speak. Her gaze locked on his dark black orbs.
Surprisingly, she felt no emotions inside. It brought back memories of the accident.
He saved her the time, but why did he do it in the first place?
Adrian's gaze shifted from Natalia to his brother.
*Alpha Jason is here to see his sister. I hope he can devote time to her without thinking about other matters in this pack."
Jason was taken by surprise. Adrian's tone and the way he spoke changed.
Jason turned to Natalia, giving him a confused look.
Natalia, on the other hand, was also surprised by Adrian's behavior.
Wasn't everything settled between the two men?
What went wrong with Adrian? He should have considered behaving calmly with her brother to make him understand the whole situation.
"Adrian," Hazel said, catching their attention.
Everyone turned their attention to Hazel. She lowered her head, staring at the broken glasses.
*I am sorry. I disturbed your guest."
After saying that, she lowered herself and began to touch the broken glass pieces.
Adrian walked over to Hazel and held her arm.
"Why are you doing this? Do I not pay my maids to do these things?"
Natalia blinked her eyes. She looked at Adrian's hand, which was holding Hazel's arm. She then looked at his face, trying to figure out if he was planning to scold Hazel since he claimed to dislike Hazel completely.noveldrama
Hazel stood straight, looking at him. She was nervous around him. Her cheeks became flushed. Natalia clenched her jaw because her inner Alpha did not want her mate touching another woman.
But Adrian did not stop there. He surprised her even more by letting go of Hazel's arm and wrapping his arm around her shoulder.
Hazel glanced at his hand and then looked at him with surprise. It was as if she had not expected this from him.
Jason stood there silently watching everything that was going on in front of him. No one noticed the darkness in his eyes when Adrian touched Hazel.
Adrian turned to Jason and said,
"Meet her. She is Hazel Leighton, Alpha Adrian's mistress."
###
Chapter 488
As if the sky had fallen over Natalia, she felt a sharp pain in her heart. The shock caused her eyes to widen.
What was he saying?
She tried to comprehend what she was experiencing on the inside by blinking her eyes back and forth. It was almost impossible to bear the pain of the heartache.
"What are you saying?" she mumbled.
Jason was just as surprised as everyone else when he heard Adrian.
But the next moment he rushed up to Adrian and punched his cheek.
*You fucker! Do you have any idea what you are saying?" Jason let out a roar.
The punch caused Adrian's face to turn. A gush of blood started to come out of the left corner of his lips. He touched his lips with his thumb and looked at it.
His eyes turned brown for a moment, which Jason did not notice. Because he was so enraged, he had every intention of punching him once more.
"Adrian!"
Grace Miller screamed in fear when Jason was about to punch her son again.
However, Adrian grabbed his wrist and glared at him.
'Don't forget you are not in the Blue Blood Pack."
It was a sharp warning from Adrian to Jason. Jason was not in his own pack, where he was the leader of the pack and had complete control over everything that he did from that position.
"How dare you even say that!" Jason yelled at him.
Adrian pushed his wrist away and fixed his suit jacket. After wiping the corner of his lips, which was healing quickly, he glared at Jason in return.
*I am the head Alpha of this pack. Here, I am free to do whatever I please."
Jason grabbed Adrian's collar, scowling at him.
"I will kill you if you cheat my sister. How dare you even entertain such a thought! My sister is a beautiful and dignified woman. After all the sufferings she had to feel for you, you still have the audacity to play these tricks?"noveldrama
Andrian's father shook his head as he said to Jason.
"Leave my son. You can't react like this."
In response, Jason turned his attention to Alpha Lucas. "What did you say? I can't react like this? Your son is taking another woman when he has my sister, and I have no right to react against it?"
Grace Miller patted Jason's shoulder. "Leave him. If you have any problem, you can speak with your mouth. You can't hurt him.'
Natalia was staring at Adrian. She was too shocked to react or say anything.
Adrian looked at her and said to Jason.
"Your sister is aware of everything that is going on."
Jason's hand froze. He turned to look at his sister.
"What is he saying?"
Natalia retreated a few steps while shaking her head in disapproval.
"I am aware of nothing, brother. Only the fact that this woman is carrying his child is something I am aware of. I thought that was a lie. But now I realize that this man has made a fool of me again."
###
Chapter 489
Jason's eyes were filled with rage, which caused him to growl so loudly that Grace Miller was forced to cover her ears. After all among the four werewolves, she was the only person who was not an Alpha. Hazel was the exception, she was a witch.
He turned around and looked directly at Hazel. She was trying to avoid his gaze.
"Are you pregnant with his child?"
He asked her the question because he did not believe in it. Hearing about the mistress seemed less shocking than hearing this news.
His teeth clenched as he stared at Hazel.noveldrama
Hazel stepped aside, appearing frightened, and stood behind Adrian. But there was no mercy in Jason's eyes. His eyes followed her every step. He noticed that she was firmly gripping Adrian's suit sleeve.
"Stop scaring her. She is pregnant. I don't want my unborn child hurt by anything."
Natalia jerked up when she heard Adrian's words. She clutched her dress around her stomach with her hand.
"His unborn child? Isn't his unborn child in my womb? Why is he acknowledging Hazel's child? Didn't he take a swear before claiming it was not his child?' she thought.
She laughed at herself in her head. What did she think about before coming here? She considered telling him about her pregnancy. But what happened here?
Indeed, life was unpredictable. No one was trustworthy in her eyes. A man could not be trusted.
Jason was infuriated.
"Unborn child? Are you taking care of this woman and her child? Do you even know you own wi "Brother."
Natalia intervened and stopped Jason.
Adrian's parents cast a glance at Natalia. Natalia was unsure why they were supporting their son. She would never forget that they had said it was Adrian's decision to make Hazel his mistress.
How could she share her husband with another woman? How would she make up her mind again? If it was true, why had Adrian given her false hope?
Jason stepped back and approached Natalia. He held her hand and said,
'This guy does not deserve you. I had no idea this was all going on here. Now that I am here, I can not let you stay any longer."
Natalia looked into Adrian's eyes, hoping to see emotion. He always told her not to tell anything to her brother because he was afraid of losing her. So she hoped he would stop her and explain to her brother that what he had said was a lie.
Jason started dragging Natalia towards the door.
Natalia's legs moved, but her gaze was fixed on Adrian. He was indifferent as if he did not care if she left.
Her blood ran hot when she saw his unaffected expression. Her legs came to a halt as her eyes turned a deep blue.
Jason turned his head to look at her. His grip paused as he remembered who she was. An Alpha healer who did not need any safety or protection. She was capable enough to protect herself and the people around her.
He could see her claws slowly emerging. Then he heard her broken yet chilly voice as she spoke in her Alpha tone, causing everyone, except her mate and brother, to shake from within.
"I won't leave this pack. This pack is my children's pack. If anyone gets in my way, I will kill them to clear my path. I will not spare them, whether it is their father, his parents, or another woman."
###noveldrama
Chapter 490
Natalia's eyes turned a glowing dark blue. With her teeth gritted, she shot her gaze at Adrian.
His parents were taken aback by her words. It was disrespectful to them. Natalia had never dared to do that before. She was always courteous and respectful towards them.
"Natalia!"
Grace reacted angrily. Her eyes narrowed as she spoke,
"We have been showing you care all these years. But by saying that you can kill us, you have just shown what our place is in your eyes."
Grace looked at her husband, Lucas Miller, as she held his arm.
"Your father-in-law adores you and has always wanted you to be his daughter-in-law. He never accepted Lynda, and he never mentioned liking Hazel. But today, you disrespected this old man."
Natalia turned a blind eye to all the things Grace Miller was saying. The moment Adrian announced that he was going to take Hazel as his mistress, she had completely lost her mind, and his parents did not even to the idea.
Upon seeing Adrian's expression of indifference, Natalia's blood began to boil immediately. It was a look that challenged her, implying.
'Do whatever you want; I don't care.'
In a matter of seconds, Natalia yanked her hand away from her brother's grip and rushed toward Adrian.
Her claws emerged, and she grabbed his neck.
"ADRIAN!"
Grace screamed out in fear. Hazel quickly held Adrian's arm, trying to pull him away from Natalia.
Angry gleams emanated from Natalia's eyes as she shifted her gaze to Hazel and glared at her.
"Should I switch my target and kill you instead?"
As she gradually released her grip on his arm and took hold of her stomach, Hazel's hand began to shake. "P- Please don't kill me."
Natalia laughed disdainfully at her. She believed this woman was capable of defending herself, but she was pretending to be innocent in front of Adrian and his parents.
On the other hand,
Adrian did not move, nor did he try to break her grip away from his neck.
The calmness in his eyes was only slightly altered by the passing of the seconds.
Natalia looked into his eyes, trying to read them. But something was strange about him.
To her surprise, she could not feel his scent either. Although she had gotten very close to him, she was still unable to detect his scent. This realization caught her completely off guard.
"What's wrong with your wolf? Hide inside when the real Alpha tries to attack?" She gave him a mocking glare. A smirk spread on his lips as he spoke,
"You and your wolf are free to do whatever you please. Try to kill me? Do you believe that these claws have the ability to kill me?"
Natalia was not in her right mind to think his nonsense. His provoking words only made her mad at him. Her hold
became more firm, which resulted in blood oozing out of his neck.
Grace yelled out to Natalia, "Please let my son go."
"Natalia, don't be foolish, my child. Leave him," Lucas Miller tried to persuade her even after she had disrespected him.
"You want to take her as your mistress? Sure, you can do that. But never..."
As she moved closer to his face, she murmured,
"Never think about getting close to me again. For me, my husband died today. I will rule this pack on my own."
###
Chapter 491
The color of Adrian's eyes faded from black to brown. He frowned at her upon hearing her statement. He grabbed her wrist and questioned with a raspy voice,
"Rule this pack on your own? You mean you want to rule my pack alone?"
All of a sudden, she experienced a burning sensation in her wrist. The fact that his hand could cause her to experience such a burning sensation in her head was a mystery to her. Her grip loosened in shock.
He was able to successfully get her to move away from him. It caused her to retreat a few steps back. As she was perplexed, her legs became unbalanced.
Jason noticed his sister was about to fall. He hurried over to her and prevented her from falling by holding her.
His head turned to Adrian, and he let out a low growl. He was filled with rage, and he had a strong desire to kill this man right at this moment.
"How dare you push her?"
He was concerned that this man would cause harm to Natalia's child. Yeah, it was Natalia's child only. The idea of her living with this man was inconceivable to him. He could not allow it. So the child was solely his sisters, and not Adrian's. He did not deserve to become a father like this.
Adrian sneered at him in response.
"Your sister seems to have lost her senses. She is too greedy to consider having my pack rule alone."
Natalia was holding her wrist until she heard him. She slowly looked at Adrian and asked,
"How did you forget that I helped you save this pack? Who saved your life?"
Adrian's eyes locked with hers. He gave her a confused and angry expression.
"What are you talking about?"noveldrama
Natalia was dumbfounded.
How could he not admit that she had helped him? Did he forget everything?
She tried to look at him closely, paying her attention to him carefully.
To her, he looked completely fine. Why was he speaking so strangely?
She blinked her eyes as they returned to black, assuming that the accident had hit his head and caused him to forget things.
"Did that accident make you forget your past and my struggles?" she asked out of the blue.
Adrian raised an eyebrow. 'There is nothing much to remember."
His reply caused her to take a step back. Jason balled his fists tightly.
"Natalia, I am still telling you. Let's leave."
She shook her head while staring at Adrian.
"I don't want to, brother. This is my pack now. My children... this man will not let them have what they deserve. Even if I did not have a better life here, I can not expect my children to live the same way. I won't let them live without their pack and family like me."
With a broken heart, she thought back to her early years. When she came to the realization that she had spent her entire life giving everything to the wrong people, her heart broke. Ultimately, she was betrayed by everyone.
Adrian's wound on his neck, which Natalia had recently given him, healed quickly.
It surprised both his parents and Hazel. However, they remained silent.
At that time, a few guards rushed inside and bowed to Adrian.
"Alpha, the guests... the Leighton family is here."
###
Chapter 492
At the moment of hearing that, Natalia and Jason both appeared surprised.
The Leighton family?
Natalia almost forgot that she had heard Gamma Benjamin telling her that some guests were coming to the pack house. He did not say who the guests were, so she was unaware of their identities.
Hearing that it was the Leighton family, Natalia felt a shift in her heart.
Did they learn that Adrian agreed to accept Hazel and her child? Was it the reason for their arrival?
Right after the guards, three people came to the site. They entered the pack house with their green eyes observing the surroundings around them.
Natalia examined the three people.
They looked powerful-really powerful.
There was just one woman among the two men. The woman was young, but she could be two or three years older than Natalia.noveldrama
While the two men have different ages. One was a young man with a calm face, while the other appeared to be the family's main character.
It was an elderly gentleman with emerald eyes. A power emanating from him curled Natalia's wolf within. Despite appearing to be in his late seventies, that man was strong. His wrinkles were fresh, and he had pure white skin with many red moles on his cheeks, making him appear very sensitive.
Only powerful ranks, such as Alphas, could feel the power of this ancient wizard. He was not an ordinary man; he was the Black Hawk Pack's head wizard.
Natalia heard a voice that was shaking from behind her.
"Grandpa!"
Natalia turned around and looked at the expressions on the faces of the other people. Hazel seemed... scared? Why, though? Shouldn't she be happy that her grandfather was here? It was not like she was not aware of his arrival.
Hazel approached and came to a stop. She then dropped to her knees. She lowered her gaze and bowed to the old man, pressing her head against the floor.
Natalia was shocked.
Why was she doing that? She held the title of Black Hawk Pack princess. All these times she heard that the Leighton family doted on their princess a lot. So why did she kneel down to them as if she were a servant approaching her master?
"Oh! My darling! You don't need to do that. Grandpa is not mad at you anymore," the young woman said, reaching out to grab Hazel's arms.
Natalia assumed Hazel did this because the old man was upset with her after she left her pack with Adrian. The Leighton family's eyes shifted to Adrian.
Adrian's eyes locked with the old man. He immediately said,
"Welcome to the Crystal Blood Pack, Old Leighton."
The old man grinned and turned his gaze to Jason.
"Oh, Alpha Jason is also here. What a pleasant surprise!"
Jason averted his gaze but made sure to greet him.
"Nice to see you again, Old Leighton."
The old man, along with the two young people, moved toward Adrian's parents. The old man came to a stop near Adrian's father and stared at him intently.
"What a luck, Lucas Miller! You might have thought that we would never come across each other again."
###
Chapter 493
Natalia scrutinized the three people who did not greet her and instead went to take seats on the couches. Adrian did not even bother introducing her to them. She felt like an outsider.
For once, she wanted to leave them for now.
However, her brother held her hand and shook his head, indicating that she should not leave at this time.
"I hope we will not bring up the past. Our children made some mistakes; we will try to solve this," Lucas Miller said with a soft tone.
Natalia remained composed, trying to concentrate on their conversation.
The young woman had not yet sat down on the couch. She walked up to Adrian and stood beside him.
"Refreshing to see you again, Alpha Adrian."
She was grinning charmingly, and as she gazed at him, her eyes glistened.
She raised her hand and gently laid it on his shoulder before brushing something out of its way. As she slowly ran her fingernails over his shirt sleeve, she spoke again while gazing at the bandage around his forehead.
"You shouldn't have left the pack like that. So powerful to heal the wounds as well? You never stopped amazing me."
Adrian turned his head toward her, his eyes glowing brown, which caused the woman to smile brighter. Her eyes glowed green as she stared deep into his.
"I see that you are doing well. I am looking forward to seeing what Alpha Adrian does next."
Adrian did not let out a single thing. The only thing he was doing was looking directly into her eyes. He did not even blink, giving the impression that he was either lost in her eyes or that she was controlling his movements.
From a little far away, Natalia was watching everything.
When she saw that Adrian had changed, her heart sank to the bottom of her chest. He now fancied other women. That woman was from Hazel's family; he had just said that he was taking Hazel as his mistress, yet he was looking into one of Hazel's family member's eyes.
What was wrong with him?
The way that woman was touching Adrian, it really made Natalia angry.
Hazel cleared her throat and said,noveldrama
"Sister-in-law, take a seat next to brother."
Natalia was taken aback.
That woman was Hazel's sister-in-law? In front of her husband, how could she get close to another man and talk like this?
Once again, the eyes of the old man drew to Jason. With a polite tone, he requested,
"It would be a pleasure to have Alpha Jason join us. We are here as guests. Please don't deny us.
It looked like Jason had a great impression in the Black Hawk Pack. Perhaps he was the only one who supported them in business, which explains their respectful behavior.
Jason walked up to them, holding Natalia's hand.
He had already calmed down, not wanting to cause a scene in front of the guests.
"Meet my sister. A powerful Alpha in rank and a formidable healer."
His introduction was far more powerful, prompting the three people to turn to look at Natalia.
But when Jason said the next sentence, the colors on their faces faded away.
"She is the Luna of this pack."
###
Chapter 494
In the silent living roomnoveldrama
Everyone's attention was on Natalia. The three new people scrutinized her with their predatory eyes. The pair of emerald eyes, which had been experienced by seeing many things, keened by focusing on her. "How can you refer to her as this pack's Luna when there hasn't been a crown ceremony yet?' Hearing the strong voice, which did not shake a bit even though the owner was old, took Natalia aback.
She turned her head to look at the old man. She felt awkward inside after meeting his gaze.
It appeared that he possessed far more power than she had expected. The power of the wizarding world was something she was not unaware of.
The words that he spoke pierced her heart and brought her to the realization of something that she had neglected to remember.
'Crown Ceremony!' she thought, averting her gaze from the old man.
She came to the realization that she had not yet earned the title of Luna of this pack. The reflection of the night the Crown Ceremony flashed on her head.
That day, Adrian went missing. Because of this, the ceremony had to be canceled.
She thought deeper as she wondered,
'If a fire had not broken out in one of our villages that night, Adrian would not have gone there. He would not have met Hazel and...'
As soon as she caught a glimpse of something fishy, her eyes widened in shock.
She cast a quick glance in the direction of the couple who were smirking at her. She was able to comprehend the reason behind their smirk. It was because they were trying to signal that Hazel still had a chance to take the position from her.
Thinking, Natalia blinked her eyes and thought,
'So everything was pre-planned by the Leighton family. They were the ones who planned the fire and set up everything to take Adrian away from this pack.'
She could not help but gape, thinking of the possibility of the Leightons conspiracy.
Her heart clenched inside as her gaze shifted away from the couple and toward the man sitting calmly.
Everything would have been different if he had stood by her side. But he changed his heart when he found another woman.
Just looking at Adrian, she felt rage inside her. In fact, her wolf was also mad at him.
"Old Leighton, you must be in the mood for joking!"
Jason spoke up as he took a seat on a couch. He looked at Natalia to take a seat next to him. Natalia turned away from Adrian and sat down beside her brother.
No matter how much she wanted to leave this place, she would have to be part of this discussion. She could not leave her position like that.
"Alpha Jason may have forgotten that a pack is always bound by culture and rules. His sister is only the Alpha's wife without the Crown Ceremony."
Jason tightened his fists as he directly looked into Old Leighton's eyes. Something flashed inside the eyes, causing Jason to look away immediately.
"Brother, are you okay?" Natalia asked, holding his arm.
Jason patted her hand and whispered,
"He is the chief wizard of the Black Haw Pack, so try not to stare into his eyes too much. He can compel anyone to freeze and hurt them as he wants."
###
Chapter 495
Natalia was surprised to hear her brother. She glanced at the old man once again.
Was what her brother said right?
Her eyes quickly swept over Adrian's bandaged forehead. Before he could catch her eyes, she averted her gaze off of him.
She pondered, Was it Old Leighton who was responsible for the burn on his forehead?"
By telling herself that she did not care about Adrian anymore, she attempted to calm her heart.
Through a hushed voice, she responded to her brother, "Okay."
Jason shrugged his shoulders and said to the old man with a grin.
"You are talking about culture and rules? In spite of the restrictions that my pack imposed, have you forgotten how I managed to make it to your pack? You are aware of the reason why I went there, right?"
The expression on the old man's face changed. His thick brows furrowed, but then he let out a chuckle.
"I see I have offended Alpha Jason. Don't mind my words. I was only talking about terms. If that offends Alpha Jason, I apologize."
Natalia was stunned. The old man was actually apologizing to her brother!
"I hope Old Leighton won't forget the past accounts between the Blood Moon Pack and the Black Hawk Pack."
Hazel's sister-in-law let out a laugh as she looked at Jason and replied to his remarks,
"Of course not. We owe you one."
Jason scoffed when he heard the woman. His eyes shifted to the woman's husband.
"Mr. Leighton, why are you so quiet? I have heard that your sister will become a mistress; are you aware of this?" After meeting his gaze, the man quickly turned his attention away from him as soon as he could. "Alpha Jason, we came here to talk about this."
"What exactly is up for discussion? Your sister is carrying a man's-."
He paused, moving his gaze to Adrian, who was still quiet. His gaze appeared to be fixed on the ground as if he were attentively listening to everyone in silence. It was more than surprising how a man like him could keep quiet.
"My sister's husband's child," Jason completed his sentence with a cold voice.noveldrama
He would not let anyone spare tonight as if there was a blaze that was furing him inside. He wanted to kill everyone with his sharp tongue and ruthless mocks.
Hazel's sister-in-law patted her husband's hand, indicating that she could respond on behalf of him. With a grin on her face, she said to Jason,
"What can we do about this? Our kid made a mistake. Wait, can we call it a mistake? Possibly not. Because they were adults and in their full senses. It is possible that they fell in love right away when they first met. Now that there is a child between them, how can they live apart? Alpha Adrian may have thought not to accept her at first, but the moment he realized his feelings toward her, he changed his mind and wanted to give her a name. Now that your sister is between them, he has to take Hazel as a mistress instead of his Luna."
Natalia could not stop her mouth anymore as she glared at the woman in anger and retorted back.
"Each time I saw Hazel, I wondered how a woman could be so shameless. But after meeting you, I realized I had not seen the biggest one yet."
###
Chapter 496
Hazel's sister-in-law, Ansel Leighton, was shocked. She did not expect Natalia to respond like that. Her eyes widened and glowed with anger.noveldrama
"Did you just-'
Lucas Miller, Adrian's father, stopped her from speaking when he noticed the atmosphere growing heated.
"Please don't take her words to heart."
Natalia looked at Lucas to see why he had stopped Ansel. She wanted to hear her out before responding with what she deserved.
A shameless family like Leighton deserved to be insulted rather than respected.
"My sister is very blunt. 'She never considers who is in front of her; she always stands for the truth," Jason stated proudly.
Ansel raised an eyebrow and said, "Then she should stand the truth this time as well. The truth is that someone else is carrying her husband's children. How can she not show her support for the woman? Can't she support the feelings of these two people and make her own decision?"
Natalia clenched her jaw. How did she know what she and Adrian had talked about before they came to the pack house? The argument only happened, and by this woman's words, it was clear that she was aware of all the conversations...
How?
The suspicion inside Natalia's mind grew.
After a moment of silence, Grace Miller started to speak up. She inquired as to whether the Leightons had encountered any difficulties on their way there.
Natalia was only watching her interact so nicely with Hazel's family. Both Hazel and Adrian were quiet from the
start.
She took a close look at Adrian. He did not even move, as if someone had frozen him there.
If anyone looked closer, they would notice he was not blinking. It was as if he were a lifeless body, sitting there with no soul. But Natalia failed to notice it.
She only noticed how calmly he was enjoying the conversations without ing to anything.
As she looked away from him, she felt a dark gaze coming from across her. She realized the old man was staring at her.
She did not break eye contact, trying to see what his gaze indicated to her.
Within a few seconds, she felt a sharp burning in the back of her neck. She hissed in pain, trying not to make a sound so no one would notice.
She reached out her hand and touched the back of her neck. She felt a burning sensation on her "healer mark". Her inner wolf glowed as she pointed her gaze toward the old man.
"I heard my brother supported your pack. Without him, your pack was on the verge of falling."
The old man's brows moved slightly as he observed her boldness in gazing at him and engaging in such conversation.
Ansel saw his angry reaction and quickly spoke out,
"We are so lucky to have him by our side. As I said before, we owe him a lot."
With a question in her mind, Ansel turned her head to Jason.
"Alpha Jason, I wish we could give you anything you want."
Jason shifted his gaze towards Hazel and muttered to her sister-in-law,
"There is nothing you can offer me, Mrs. Leighton. Because what I desired turned out to be rotten."
###
Chapter 497
With a frown on her face, Natalia turned to face her brother. What was it that he desired that made him to assist the family, such as the Leightons? It was not unfamiliar how these people were. They were notorious and vicious people who could only cause harm to others. So why did he help them in the first place?
She noticed that he was looking in a certain direction. Before her eyes could follow his gaze, Hazel got up from the couch.
"Excuse me. I am coming back in a few minutes," she said in a low tone.
After that, Hazel walked past everyone.
Natalia followed her movements until she left the living room. When she noticed that Hazel was sweating as if she had been startled, she was perplexed.
Wasn't her family there for her to set up things for herself? Then why did she look so afraid?
Natalia suspected that Hazel had begun to behave strangely since her family arrived.
But why?
As other people resumed their conversations, the living room started to emit a reverberation of voices.
After a while, Jason asked her for the washroom. Natalia wanted to take him there. However, Jason instructed her that he could go there by himself and that she should remain in the living room in order to listen to what the Leightons had to say to the Millers.noveldrama
On the other hand,
Hazel came to the washroom after leaving the living room. She rinsed her face with cold water for a while until she felt numb on her face.
She looked at the mirror to see her face. Her eyes were red, and she had a sullen mood.
She put a towel over her face and wiped it. She did not leave the washroom as if something was going on in her mind.
She gently stroked her stomach with her hand for a moment. She mumbled something as she looked at her stomach in the mirror.
"I am sorry, my baby. I am really sorry."
She turned around and opened the door. She exited the washroom and made her way out of the corridor. In front of her, the corridor was empty. She was unsure whether she should return to the living room or not. In the end, she made the decision to return to her room and thought to tell others that she was feeling unwell. But suddenly, a hand grabbed her wrist and pulled her to the left side. She let out a gasp of shock and made an attempt to look at the person who was holding her hand.
Before she could tum her head, her back was already pressed against a pillar.
Her eyes were filled with more shock as she looked at the man who was standing in front of her. She did not expect him to come there and catch her.
The man's eyes glowed with rage as he glared at her with a hostile expression.
Her lips quivered as she stuttered.
"J-Jason!!"
###
Chapter 498
Jason looked mad as if his blood was boiling. He was inhaling deeply as though he would harm her at any moment. His jaw clenched, preventing himself from doing anything wrong.
Lastly, he could not control himself, and his hand immediately moved to grab her neck. He growled at her as he asked, "How dare you sleep with another guy and get pregnant?"
Hazel's eyes grew larger, feeling difficult to breathe. She patted his hand to release her. His eyes remained sharp, glaring at her while he waited for her response.
"J-Jason, I—"
His grip tightened, making it impossible for her to take a deep breath. She could breathe out, but she was unable to breathe in to continue talking.
Her eyes began to well up with tears and her face went pale. Tears rolled down from her eyes, falling down on her cheeks. Her hand, gently caressing his, slowed down her movements. Her lips quivered in fear that her heart might stop beating at any moment.
She reached up to touch her belly with her other hand. She looked at him with painful eyes, begging him to release her.
Her hand, which was firmly gripping her cloth over her belly, caught Jason's attention
Then he closed his eyes and let her neck go.
As soon as he left her neck, she felt a rush of air enter her mouth, causing her to cough.
She started coughing hard while holding the wall for support.
Jason opened his eyes after controlling himself and looked at her. When he saw her sobbing, he scoffed at her.
"I thought you were a respectable woman. But it appears that after I left your pack, you were unable to resist throwing yourself at other men."
His words were cruel, which caused Hazel to turn her head to him. His deep voice was hurling harsh words at her.
She stood up straight and pressed her back against the wall. She wiped her tears and said,
"I-I am pregnant. So now you should stay away from me, Alpha Jason."
Jason's eyes darkened, piercing her soul. Hazel did not break eye contact, facing backlashes as if she knew she deserved
it.
Jason moved his gaze to her belly and asked,
"You never think a little bit before sleeping with a married man. You have no excuse that you didn't know he was married. He is Alpha Adrian; every pack knows about him. Then how did you carry his child in your womb?"
Using both hands to conceal her belly, she muttered,
"Don't say anything about the child. It's my child and-"
He interrupted her with a growl,
"And it is a bastard."
When Hazel heard him call her child a bastard, her eyes glowed emerald, and her pale face turned fierce as she spoke. "How can you address my child like that? It's pure, it's"
He cut her off by grabbing her jaw. "Don't dare to show me these green eyes of yours. I will pull them out. You slept with whoever you wanted; I would have let it slide and thrown you out of my mind. But you made a mistake."
He whispered as he gazed intently into her eyes,noveldrama
"You dared to sleep with my sister's husband. No one is more important to me than her."
###
Chapter 499
Hazel let out a painful hiss. She remembered the time Natalia had grabbed her by the neck. She became aware that both of the siblings were easily agitated. Turning her head away from Jason, she muttered,
"I-I didn't know he was your sister's h-husband; otherwise..."
"Otherwise? Otherwise what? You would have slept with some other guy?" He let out an angry laugh.
His jaw clenched as he stared at the woman. There was a burn in his chest, making him feel irritated.
He could never describe what he was feeling inside. All he wanted was to kill this woman.noveldrama
"You were here, living a luxurious life in this pack while carrying another man's child, and there ..."
He paused, attempting to hide his emotions from her.
Hazel cast a slow glance at him. She took a shaky breath before asking,
"You what?"
His hand gripped her jaw and he pulled her face toward his. Their faces were close, which caused her to remain still. "And there I have been looking for you throughout your entire pack. I thought your old grandpa did not want you to be with me. Your so-called brother, who is so proud of his sister, turned down my proposal to make you my Luna."
Her eyes widened. She seemed to be in shock. Tears ran down her cheeks. Her hands were trembling at her sides. Her heart started beating faster.
"Y-You proposed to my brother t-to marry me?" she asked.
Jason scoffed at her reaction. "Stop pretending to cry. You are a wonderful actress. I am curious how you managed to fool a man like Alpha Adrian. What did you do to him that caused him to dance around your finger?"
Hazel opened her mouth to say something. But before she could say anything, another voice emerged from behind Jason. "She slept with that man. She was so good at warming his bed that he does not want to lose her right now."
Her words caused Jason to freeze. It only infuriated him more. He pushed Hazel's jaw and turned to face the woman who had just spoken.
"Mrs. Leighton, you still have the habit of eavesdropping! Still spitting out words without shame, whenever you speak." Ansel was taken aback but chuckled in response. She walked up to them and paused next to Hazel. She glared at Hazel as she noticed tears in her eyes. "Why are you crying, darling? Was he bullying you?"
Hazel lowered her head and shook it in denial. "No. He was only talking, nothing else."
"Nothing else?" Ansel turned her attention back to Jason.
"Alpha Jason, as you have already heard that she is pregnant with another man, why don't you just let her go? I know you fancy my sister-in-law; after all, she is attractive and capable of doing many things. But..."
She smirked at him before continuing, "She is Alpha Adrian's woman now. If you have any problem, go and talk to him instead of hurting her. Wait, you can't even kill him. It will only turn your sister into a widow. I hope you won't like to see it."
Jason gave her a hard look. His fists tightened as he shifted his gaze at Hazel for the last time and left from there.
Ansel turned around and grabbed Hazel's jaw. Hazel gasped in pain and looked at her sister-in-law.
"If Grandpa hears about this conversation, he will be very angry. You know that, right?"
Hazel pushed her hand and rubbed her jaw. While holding her belly, she asked,
"Did Jason propose to Brother about marrying me? Did he really want me to make me his Luna?"
###
Chapter 500
The sharp eyes of Ansel were able to observe Hazel. It was clear that she was not in the least bit pleased. "Hazel, don't forget why you are here."
"I-I asked you something. Didn't you say "
"Shut up!"
Hazel bit her tongue and averted her gaze from Ansel. Ansel grabbed Hazel's hand and looked around to see if anyone was there.
When Ansel saw there was no one, she leaned close to Hazel and said angrily,
"If I hadn't come here, you would have spilled all the truth to Alpha Jason."
Hazel looked at her, intending to speak, but Ansel shook her head. "No, no, honey. You are not brave enough to do it."
Ansel's hand moved toward her belly, raising her brows. Hazel tried to push her hand, but Ansel pressed her hands against her belly.
"Don't dare to lose the track, or I will kill your child."
Hazel gritted her teeth, nodding her head. "Don't kill my child."
Ansel grinned evilly as he examined Hazel's belly. "Who wishes to kill it? It will get Alpha Adrian's name. If your brother had not been in my life, I would have carried his child."
Hazel was stunned. "S-Sister-in-law! H-How could you say that?"
"You already know why we came here. We only have one goal to keep whatever Alpha Adrian has. Allow him to believe he wants you to be his mistress. We will turn you into his Luna. His wife is a piece of cake to me."
Hazel shook her head. "No, she is not as weak as you all think. She is different from their kind."
Ansel tilted her head. "Different? How?"
"She is an Alpha in rank."noveldrama
Ansel raised her brow, refusing to believe it. "An alpha female? Is she as strong as an Alpha male?"
"She has more power than them."
Ansel fixed her gaze on Hazel, contemplating something.
"Are you praising her? Did you mean it would be tough for me to play with her?"
Hazel lowered her gaze and replied,
"I was just informing you. She had been in wars before and had once saved Adrian. She is the reason Adrian is still alive today,"
Ansel's lips parted in shock. "Someone saved Alpha Adrian? I was not aware of it. Looks like she has some capabilities. By the way, I am aware of her weakness. That's her children. Why didn't you hurt her son when I told you?"
Hazel remembered how Ansel had instructed her to harm Noah. Noah had been ill for several days, with a fever, because of her. Later, she stopped the effects and allowed him to heal on his own.
"They are just children."
"Children? They are the thorns in your path. Because of that boy, Natalia had so much power to take control of everything. That boy is the heir to the throne, you idiot."
Hazel remained quiet for some time. Ansel frowned at her, holding her jaw again to force her to look at her.
"You are alive today because of Alpha Adrian. That night, if he had not saved you at the border, you would have been killed. So be grateful to him and stay with him. To fulfill Grandpa's wish, shift your focus away from another unimportant man and fix it on the real one."
###
Chapter 501
It was quite late at night.
Jason had left the pack house. The Leightons went to the guest rooms, which had been prepared for them by the maid. Hazel also went back to her bedroom.
Adrian was sitting on the couch with his parents beside him. There was nobody else in the living room.
"Adrian, you made the right decision when you said you wanted to make Hazel your mistress," his father, Lucas Miller, said.
His mother, Grace, was silently listening to them.
"They had come to recreate the past. This time, don't repeat what I did years ago," Lucas added.
Adrian did not respond; he was staring at the marble floor the entire time.
As if he were experiencing numbness on the inside, he was unable to make any expressions.
His mind went completely still as he listened to the voices.
He shut his eyes. He took hold of his head and used his fingers to massage his forehead. He had felt this since waking up today.
By the time he regained consciousness after the accident, he was already in the hospital. His memory was completely blank when it came to how he had gotten into that accident.
However, the moment he learned that he was with Natalia, his brows twitched. When he heard Natalia's name, he experienced a sense of irritation within himself.
It was his mind that told him what to do. He left the hospital without meeting her. To his surprise, he could not remember much about Natalia.
It was as if his memories of her were fading away. There was a force that pushed her name out of his mind.
The voice in his head was telling him that he needed to accept Hazel, that Hazel was carrying his child, and that he liked her as well. He was told he had to accept Hazel's child with her.
Nothing was under his control, and he had no idea why it was happening.
His mind kept changing statements like commands, and he had to do it. Whenever he did not listen to the commands, he started listening to the strange voices.
It seemed as though he was forgetting the times that he had spent with Natalia.
He had no idea about it.
He felt like he was a new person, not liking Natalia at all. He could not even remember how he was and how he used to make decisions in the past.
Slowly, Natalia's memories were removed from his head even if he did not want it. Because of this, he was unable to recall it when she told him in the evening that she had saved him.
Every time he attempted to reflect on the past, hazy visions appeared in his head, warning him not to do so.
Adrian turned his head to look at his parents, even though they looked so strange to him. He found his father's words unusual. But he did not respond.
What had happened to him was a mystery to him. No matter how hard he tried, he could not be himself. "Goodnight."
He got up from the couch, not giving any response to his father's statement.
He held his forehead, feeling the bandage under his fingertips while heading upstairs.
He reached his bedroom and opened the door.
As soon as he entered the room, his gaze was drawn to Natalia, who was sitting in front of the mirror.
Her eyes met his in the mirror. With a glare of rage in her eyes, she immediately stood up and turned around. With a cold tone, she asked,
"Why are you here"noveldrama
###
Chapter 502
Natalia's eyes were filled with rage. A blaze ignited in her heart after looking at this man. She wanted to go and rip his head off.
Things change so fast. There was a time when she used to love him so much that she had to leave him and take his unborn children with her. It took him years to win her heart back. But, once again, he lost it.
Natalia believed that remarrying him was the biggest mistake she had ever made. Tonight, the way he had told her brother to take her away from this pack, she was broken inside. Others only saw her anger, but no one saw her heart.
On the other hand, Adrian narrowed his eyes. He was not expecting this reaction.
"Why can't I be here?" he inquired, walking into the room.
He closed the door behind him without breaking eye contact. "This is my room."
Natalia clenched her jaw and scoffed at him. "Your room? Really?"
Adrian frowned, not understanding why she said that.
"You caused enough drama downstairs before the Leightons arrived. If I had wanted to, I could have responded. But-"
"But what? But what Adrian Miller?" She raised her voice.
Adrian clenched his fists, attempting to calm himself. He felt her voice strike his mind like a beat. He felt very annoyed while talking to her. It was as if something in his head told him not to talk to this woman.
Shaking his head to feel better, he turned his gaze away from Natalia.
It seemed to Natalia that he was mocking her. So she said,
"Leave this room right now."
Adrian stopped shaking his head and lifted his gaze to look at her. "What did you just say?"
"If you want me to repeat, I will say I don't want to live in the same room with you."
He looked at her with narrowed eyes. "Do you think I want to stay with you?"
Natalia was taken aback by his cold voice and mocking tone. She could not be more surprised.
She stared at him without a reply. He acted as though he was someone she did not know.
She could also claim that he had returned to himself, the man she had left years ago, the man who hated her for standing in the way of his and his favorite woman.
She hissed in anger and muttered,
"You don't even think about your children, Alpha Adrian. How cheap you are! How easily you accepted that woman and her unborn child!"
When Adrian heard about Hazel, he turned his head away from her. He chose not to argue with her, so he disregarded what she had said. All he wanted to do was ignore her completely.
Every time he saw her after the accident, he experienced a pain in his head that felt like poison swirling inside of him.noveldrama
He removed his suit jacket and tossed it onto the couch before heading for the bed.
But as soon as she spoke from behind him, he stopped moving.
"I wish I had not listened to you when you kneeled in front of me and told me not to marry Max. I wish I had married someone after letting go of Max rather than returning to you."
###
Chapter 503
When he heard Natalia, Adrian could not help but frown. A memory reflected in his head where he was kneeling in front of Natalia. In his mind, everything was blurry. He shut his eyes, attempting to recall the incident, but hissed when he felt pain in his head.
Natalia stared at his back. Her eyebrows raised as she heard him hiss.
"Have you just mocked me?" Angrily, she strode over to him.
She took hold of his arm, causing him to turn in her direction.
She glared at him and asked, "Who gave you the audacity to treat me like this? If you were not my children's father, I would have killed you."
Adrian yanked his arm away from her grip. It caused Natalia to take a step back.
"I don't care about the past. Right now, I don't care about you at all."
Natalia looked into his eyes. They were cloudy. She did not see any emotions within them.
What was the reason for his sudden change of heart?
"I should have understood that when you intentionally caused the accident."
Something hit her mind as she let out a chuckle. She shook her head in disbelief.
"Now I can put together all of the puzzle pieces. You have been pretending to have me wrapped around your fingers for the past few days. When you manage to do that, you plan to kill me in the accident, right? "You wanted to get rid of me so you could be with Hazel."
Adrian did not respond, only staring at her. His silence gave her the answer she needed. Every second only fueled the hatred he stoked inside her.
She turned and walked toward the closet. "I am not talking to you anymore. You hate me; I hate you. Fine. But don't dare to snatch my children's rights. I don't want to talk to the man who doesn't want me or the murderer who tried to kill me."noveldrama
A sneer came out of her mouth as she retrieved a nightgown from the closet. This caused her heart to become cold, and from this point forward, no one would be able to melt her heart. She became an icy queen.
Adrian watched as she went to the restroom, saying, "I want you to leave my room before I exit the bathroom. I don't want to stay a single second with the man who tried to kill me."
Then, as if she were going to smash the bathroom door, she slammed it shut.
Adrian's fists balled up. Upon experiencing discomfort in his hand, he turned his gaze downward. He observed that a bandage was wrapped around his palm.
An image of a man holding a woman and pressing her against his chest appeared in his mind, but it was hazy and uncertain. Although he was holding her as if his life depended on her, he was aware of the pain that the man was experiencing; it was almost enough to crush his hand.
Before Adrian had a chance to clear his mind of the images that were running through his head, the door to the bathroom opened.
###
Chapter 504
Natalia emerged from the bathroom wearing a dark green nightgown.
Adrian's eyes locked on her. Something was screaming, "You hate her," in his mind.
However, for some reason, he was unable to look away from her.
This deep color made her already bright skin look even brighter. This nightgown made her body look much more attractive than the long gowns she usually wore. She was so attractive that she could attract the attention of any wealthy man, who would then lavish her with anything she desired.
When Natalia's gaze landed on Adrian, she froze.
As she fiddled with the nightgown's rope, she angrily asked, "You are still here?"
His eyes shifted to her toe, which was fair and beautiful. Her nails, too, were attractively glossy. The nightgown hung a few inches above her feet, revealing her fair legs.
"You are not going to leave like this, huh? Do I have to show you who I am again?" she said with a growl.
Her growl caused him to look away from her body. He blinked his eyes.
How had he got lost?
Why did he find it impossible to resist looking at her?
She came to a stop in front of him and said,
"I do not want to hit you and become known as a woman who commits domestic abuse. So leave."
Her words made him angry at himself. Why did he give this woman so much audacity to talk to him and do whatever she wanted to him? It was clear that if he demonstrated his strength, she would be unable to compare him.
However, thinking about his wolf, he could not connect with him.
He did not know what had happened to his wolf. He assumed it was due to the accident, and it would take some time for his wolf to recover.
"You talk too much, woman," he murmured, unfolding his sleeves.noveldrama
He took off his shoes and went to lie down on the bed without changing clothes. Natalia became irate with him. "Why did you sleep on my bed, making it dirty? Why don't you just go and sleep with your Hazel?"
With his eyes closed, Adrian placed his arm on his forehead and murmured,
"If you really have a problem, why don't you move out?"
"How dare you say that? Was it your plan? You wanted me to leave so that you could move Hazel in. What a man you are!" she said, scoffing at him.
He opened his eyes and gazed at her. His eyes were sharp as he said,
"It was your decision to remain here as my Luna. So why not "
"Not yours. This pack's Luna," she cut him off.
There was a smirk on Adrian's face as he raised an eyebrow at her. Even though he had no idea why, he found that he enjoyed her angry look. He wanted to make her even angrier, as he stated,
"This pack has only one heir, and that's me. So you chose to be my Luna only. Your feelings for me are so strong that you don't want to part ways with me."
"Shut up! I hate you, you filthy man. You wanted to kick me out of this pack; I will never forget that."
She then warned him while pointing a finger at herself.
"I will take revenge on you and your lovely mistress. I will also see her wizard family. I will show them what I am capable of if they dare to touch my children in this dirty game."
He gave her a look, muttering, "They are my children too. They will never try to harm them. They are only here to help Hazel, not to hurt them."
Natalia gave him a scowling look. "Your children? My foot! Your life will be ruined; just wait."
###
Chapter 505
Adrian looked at Natalia with curious eyes. He tried to look into her eyes more deeply. All he could see was hate for him. His eyes flickered as he sat up, causing her to frown at him.
"Do you want to sleep here?" he asked, getting out of bed.
Natalia moved back, turning her gaze away. "Not want, that's my bed."
He walked toward her, cashing her to take a step back. He approached her.
Her eyes darted when he smelled different. She caught a faint whiff of his scent mixed with a strange smell.
His towering frame loomed over her, his eyes piercing hers.
"There are guests outside. That is why I am not arguing with you."
She shot back, giving him a fierce look. "I am only seeing your face because of Aria and Noah. If they had not been in my life-"
He interrupted her and whispered,
"Why not leave this pack and my children to me if you are so ready to return to your old life?"
Her eyes flashed with rage as tears welled up in the corners of her eyes.
Adrian wanted to be more rude to her. But when he saw her delicate eyes, he felt strange inside. He did not like the tears in her eyes. His eyes gently caressed her face.
Suddenly, his gaze was drawn to the mark on her neck. He had marked her. How come he was unable to recall that? He averted his gaze from her and uttered,noveldrama
"Since you have decided to stay here, do not try to get in my way anymore. This is my pack, my company, and my residence. Nothing is yours; however, because you want to be my Luna, you have some rights as my wife."
Natalia kept her temper under control, tightening her fists. She was pregnant, so she could not do anything that would harm her unborn child.
"Be aware of your limitations. You are just my wife by name. You have not yet become my Luna. My Luna can't be the woman who constantly considers killing me."
Adrian stepped away from her and headed for the door. She looked over his shoulder.
She did not know why, but she wanted to tell this man about her child even though he did not deserve to know.
She opened her mouth, but he opened the door before she could speak. As if he were angry, he slammed the door before he left.
Was he really going to sleep in Hazel's room?
For once, she regretted the thought of telling him about her child.
Natalia pondered how to get rid of the Leightons throughout the long night.
First thing in the morning, she got herself ready, and she was thinking about calling a board meeting in the pack company. She needed to secure her place.
She left her room and got down the stairs while texting with Diva, calling her to the company.
She did not notice she had almost missed a step. Her hands were tightly wrapped around the railing, and her eyes were wide as she tried to control her legs. But that was not enough.
A pair of arms wrapped around her waist to control her body movements. She was stunned. Her eyes moved to the man who had helped her.
"Benjamin!"
She whispered when she noticed his worried expression. Without leaving her, he inquired,
"Are you okay?"
She nodded and let out a sigh of relief, realizing her baby had almost been hurt.
He lowered his head to glance at her belly. "Is the chi-"
She quickly grabbed his arm and shook her head, gesturing for him not to say anything about it.
Everyone in the living room noticed them together.
"They seem to be very close. A gamma and a Luna should not be this close, you know," Ansel spoke out with a chuckle.
Adrian's eyes grew darker as he stared at Natalia and Benjamin. His gaze was drawn to how Benjamin held her in his arms as if she were a fragile woman who could break at any moment. What he did not like was the care in his Gamma's eyes for her.
###
Chapter 506
Natalia got down the stairs and looked at the main door. She paid no attention to anyone who was seated on the couches.
Ansel's gaze was fixed on the stairs as if she were thinking about something. A grin appeared on her lips as she then turned her gaze away. She looked over at Natalia and raised her voice,
"Why don't you join us for breakfast, Natalia?"
Natalia's steps came to a halt; she turned around. Her gaze moved around to the people on the couches. Adrian and his parents, as well as Hazel and her family, were sitting there.
A scoff almost came out of Natalia's mouth. Did this woman just mock her by saying that?
In their presence, she appeared to be an outsider.
Her gaze settled on Adrian, who was drinking tea without looking at her. Her eyes grew darker as she muttered,
"I do not have time to eat breakfast with you all..."
Her gaze shifted to Ansel, then she added, "Mrs. Leighton."
As she was about to turn to leave, Natalia heard the powerful voice of the old man.
"Where are you going? You seem to be in a hurry. Your husband is here sitting with us."noveldrama
Natalia raised an eyebrow as she took a few steps toward the couches. She came to a stop beside Adrian's couch and said,
"I am glad you recognize him as my husband."
Natalia's head turned to look at Adrian.
Hazel was sitting right next to him. When Natalia's eyes locked with hers, she lowered her gaze.
"Sister is going to the company, Grandpa. She joined the company just a few weeks ago."
Hazel's brother, Rick Leighton, frowned when he heard it. "What is her job there?"
Natalia was offended by his words. "Excuse me?"
Rick directed his gaze to Natalia. In fact, it was the first time he had looked into her eyes.
Natalia glared at him with her jaw clenched. It was obvious that she was mad at him for what he had just said. "I took over-"
A sound of throat clearing interrupted Natalia. Alpha Lucas stood up and spoke,
"If we keep talking, this will continue. Old Leighton, why don't we go to have breakfast?"
Alpha Lucas made a gesture toward the elderly man in the dining room. Before standing, the old man swept his gaze across Natalia. Then he followed Lucas Miller and his wife, Grace.
Ansel stood up from the couch and was about to tell her husband to follow, but when she turned to face him, her eyes narrowed.
Rick kept his gaze fixed on Natalia. His green eyes remained motionless as though he was closely observing her. Gritting her teeth, Ansel grasped Rick's arm. "Rick."
Rick did not break the eye contact while saying,
"Go ahead. I have yet to introduce myself to Mrs. Miller. I was thinking about talking to her for a while."
Ansel rolled her eyes and muttered, "Sure."
Ansel looked at Hazel and signaled her to take Adrian with her.
But Adrian rose from the couch.
"I am leaving for the company."
After saying that, he walked past Natalia and walked out of the pack house.
"Your introduction is not necessary. I know all of you people really well," Natalia said to Rick and made her way to the main door.
Upon exiting the pack house, she noticed Adrian's car outside.
She was about to walk past the car when the driver got out and opened the back door for her.
"Alpha wants to speak to you."
###
Chapter 507
Natalia frowned when she heard that. She shot the driver a look that startled him.
Natalia, who used to smile at those around her, began to give stern looks. They realized her identity, which had been almost forgotten.
"I don't want to talk to your Alpha."
Saying this, she grabbed the door handle and slammed it.
While walking past the car, she noticed the shadow sitting in the backseat.
Natalia's car approached her when she came close to the garage. As soon as she got into the car, she drove off to the office.
A black sedan followed her car until she arrived at the office.
Natalia walked inside the company. Everyone bowed to her. She nodded as she made her way to the elevator.
In the middle of the way, she overheard people's voices.
"Alpha is here!"
Natalia turned around and saw Adrian entering the company.
As she stared at him with emotionless eyes, she observed that people were terrified of his arrival. She was aware of this.
If anyone thought she was the most dominant person in the office, they had realized who the king was.
However, that was not her concern. She was curious as to why he had come here.
Didn't he know she had taken over his company?
She turned away from him and continued walking until she arrived at the elevator.
Ding!
The elevator door opened in front of her. She stepped into the elevator. She pressed against the top floor.
Since it was only used for people who were at the head level, the elevator was completely empty.noveldrama
When the door was about to close, a hand came between the almost closing door.
Natalia did not care since she was looking at the market stock
The elevator door opened wide, and a man dressed in a dark suit entered.
Natalia raised her head as the door closed, only to see Adrian Miller.
He was leaning against the wall of the elevator. His eyes were on her.
"Why the hell are you here?" she asked, leaning her back against another wall.
His eyes knitted as he replied, "Do I need to inform you of everything? Why can't I be here? This is my company. I have worked for this company and helped it reach this level."
She let out a chuckle because she thought his words were funny.
"What's so funny there?"
"I am just wondering. How was it that this man, who is unable to keep his marriage together, was able to run such
a large business? It looks like running a business is not as difficult as people think."
Adrian tightened his fists, but his face was indifferent. He was quiet and unflagging.
It was Natalia who stepped out first when the door opened. She began to walk towards the CEO's office but came to
a halt when she heard Adrian's voice behind her.
"You don't have to come to the office from tomorrow. I can manage my business on my own."
###
Chapter 508
Natalia's eyes flashed dark blue for a moment. But she calmed down because she was not in the pack house, where they were both alone or in front of their families. They were now in the company and in front of the employees. She did not want to cause trouble there.
She ignored his words and opened the door of the CEO's office.
When the door closed, Adrian heard a clicking sound of locking. She seemed to have locked the door from the inside.
Adrian stood outside the door, furiously staring at it.
Inside the office room,
Natalia sat down in the chair after placing her bag on the desk. Although that was Adrian's office, she would not let him enter. He had no right to enter her life or this office. She had closed all the doors for him, including the office door.
She called Damia to inquire whether she had reached the company. She wanted her as her personal assistant. She knew Damia would be the most trustworthy person for her.
She grabbed the files and started working on them. After a few minutes, she checked the time and dialed Benjamin. "Did you arrange the meeting?"
"The whole board of directors has arrived at the company. They will be waiting for you in the meeting room. The meeting is scheduled to begin around 11:30,"
Natalia took another look at the time. "There is still 10 minutes left."
"You can take your time before going to the meeting. By the way, I got informed that Alpha is there."
"Don't worry. He is powerless to take action. I have all of the trade secrets. Where will the board directors go now? To him or me?"
Benjamin was taken by surprise when he heard her. "This is really smart of you. I almost forgot that you used to run the pack company of your brother's pack."
Natalia leaned her back against the chair and mumbled,
"To defeat monsters, people must think strategically."
Benjamin understood exactly what she meant. He chose not to say anything else. He did not want to disobey his Alpha, but he also needed to protect his Luna.
After speaking with him, Natalia reviewed all of the important files that would be discussed in the meeting. That was all about shares. She planned to sell some of her market shares.
Her plan was to tell her brother to purchase them. As long as Jason helped her, she would get more shares. So even if Adrian tried to take over in the future, she would be the gainer there. Her brother would oppose it and assist her in maintaining her position there.noveldrama
When it was time for the meeting, Natalia went straight to the meeting room.
To her surprise, Adrian was there too.
When she noticed him sitting in the head chair, she was taken aback.
That was her position as CEO of the company.
The other people in the meeting room sensed tension around the table.
"I think Alpha Adrian forgot that the position is no longer his," Natalia said, grabbing the table's edge as she stood at the end.
The board of directors spoke up on behalf of Adrian.
"According to the deed signed by the elder Miller before his death years ago, only the pack's heir can run the pack company. So he will continue to be the company's owner and decision-maker."
Natalia was stunned.
There was a smirk on Adrian's face as he leaned his elbows against the table.
"I told you, woman. Don't mess up with me."
###
Chapter 509
Natalia's eyes were filled with anger and hatred for Adrian. She could feel her heart pounding with rage. She wanted to go and hurt this guy.
However, for the sake of her twins, she let him go.
She turned her attention to the other people and asked,noveldrama
"I didn't want to know about the ancient rules. All I want to know is what you think. Will you keep him in that position if he is unable to manage the company effectively and faces the possibility of losing everything you have worked so hard to achieve?"
Adrian's smirk faded as his eyes grew enraged. It was a personal insult to him.
"Luna"
He cut off a board member by saying,
"Don't call her Luna. According to the pack's rules, she has yet to receive recognition from her Alpha in order to be considered for that position. Until the Crown Ceremony, you may address her by name."
The men looked startled. As long as they knew Adrian, they knew he would rip their heads off if they called her by her first name.
Maybe they had a fight and were talking like this.
Natalia clenched her jaw. She could not believe Adrian had turned the table when she had a solid plan to take everything from him.
"Alpha Adrian views his own wife as a threat. Isn't it great?" She mocked him.
Adrian did not move as he said, "As my wife, you should help me with the company. I do not want my wife's business potential to be wasted. So, starting now, you can be the company's vice president. Even if you are upset, you still wield great power."
Natalia rolled her eyes. She had no desire to be in that position. But she could not leave so easily because she was here to ruin him and secure the future of her children.
She grabbed a chair and pulled it out calmly. Then she smiled at everyone and said,
"Now that your Alpha is back, let us begin the meeting."
Everyone reached an agreement to sell some market shares. They were reluctant at first. However, Natalia wisely explained some projects in need of funding. To secure the top place in business, they agreed with her.
Except for Natalia and Adrian, everyone had left the room after the meeting ended.
Natalia was feeling down. She was ready to leave but she decided to call her brother to let him know about it.
When she was about to click on her brother's phone number, she noticed someone approaching her chair. She lifted her gaze.
Adrian came to a stop in front of her.
He glanced at her phone and noticed Jason's name. Natalia locked her phone and placed it away. Adrian bent down toward her, placing his hand on the table.
Natalia was caught off guard by his actions.
When his face was just a few inches from hers, he said,
"You have the wrong idea that anyone can take away what is mine."
His gaze was drawn to her neck, where the mark was located. He returned his gaze back to her and added,
"Maybe things were different back then..."
Her heart was tightening from his words and the closeness.
She pushed his chest, pushing him away, and stood up from the chair. "Keep dreaming. The dialogues you are giving to me... If you had worked on it even once, your life would have been different."
The look on her face prompted him to give her a hostile look. "The sharpness of your tongue will one day lead to your demise."
She sneered at him and grabbed her files herself since her assistants were not in the company. "Go enjoy your winnings and enjoy yourself."
Her phone lit up.
When he noticed Benjamin was calling, Adrian frowned. A faint burning sensation ran through his chest.
He ignored the feeling and muttered with an angry tone,
"Why is he calling you? Is wandering around you his only job?"
###
Chapter 510
Days passed as Adrian began to observe many things. Whenever he went near Natalia, he felt distressed. The voice in his head always told him to pay attention to Hazel because she was an innocent woman.
The more he tried to focus on his work, the more he was lost. It seemed as though he was incapable of making a sound choice. He was having inner turmoil, but he was unsure of the cause.
It was the day when Beta Patric was going to return to the pack.
Patric did not go to the pack house and directly came to the company to meet Adrian.
When he came back, he learned that Natalia was planning something big to snatch the CEO's position from Adrian. He had no idea what was going on in the pack until the other three officials informed him of everything last night. Patric was outside the door, making his way to Adrian's office.
Without knocking on the door, he opened the door and entered the cabin.
He saw Adrian sitting behind the desk, reading a file. His desk was disorganized, and everything looked messy.
Patric was already surprised by what Adrian had done in the last few days. So he did not care about the other things. As soon as he reached the desk, Adrian placed the file on the desk and looked up at him.
"You need to knock on the door before entering."
"Adrian, it's not time for these things. What have you done? You screwed up!"
Patric's voice was filled with disappointment. Adrian's brows furrowed as he asked,
"What have I done? What exactly are you talking about? And where have you been these days? Have you forgotten that you have been assigned as the beta for this pack?"
Patric was stunned by the way Adrian spoke. He had never talked to him like that. In fact, the question Adrian had asked him really shocked him. Because Adrian was the one who sent him out of the pack for some work.
"Are you all right?" he asked Adrian, worried.noveldrama
"What would have happened to me?" Adrian asked in confusion.
Patric's eyes shifted to the bandage around Adrian's forehead. "How is your wound?"
Adrian brushed his fingers against it without any reply.
Patric glanced at the watch and noticed that it was lunchtime. So he said,
"Adrian, let's have lunch together. I need to talk to you."
Adrian did not deny it as he pushed the files away and got up from his chair.
While walking out of the cabin, Patric asked in a low tone,
"Why did you decide to take Hazel as your mistress? Do you have a different plan in mind?"
Adrian appeared to be confused. He turned his head at him and asked, "What plan? She is pregnant with my child. I should take her responsibility,"
Patric was shocked. "Your child? What are you saying? Have you gone insane?"
Adrian seemed to be perplexed by Patric's questions. He was about to speak again when his eyes fell on a cabin. The door of the cabin opened, and a woman came out with another man.
They smiled at each other as they headed somewhere together.
Patric looked over to see where Adrian was looking. He realized that he was looking at Natalia and Benjamin.
"What about her? Adrian, how can you treat her so irresponsibly?"
###
Chapter 511
Adrian's eyes darkened when he heard Patric. He looked away from Natalia and replied,
"Can't you see how she is wandering around with another man? I wonder where Gamma Benjamin got this courage. Just because I can't shift right now, I am not teaching him a lesson."
As soon as Patric heard Adrian, he turned to him and asked with a shocked face,
"What! You can't shift?"
Adrian ignored his question and walked ahead. "Stop questioning me. Tell me where have you been?"
Patric followed him while observing him carefully. His gaze suddenly fell on Adrian's neck. He reached for Adrian's collar and pulled it down slightly to check something.
"What are you doing?" Adrian asked angrily, feeling annoyed by his actions.
Patric's eyes widened when he noticed that Natalia's marks on Adrian's neck were fading. It was like the skin was eating the mark away slowly.
"Your mark!"
Patric's whisper reached his ears as Adrian glanced at him. "It's good that it's fading. I don't like that woman. It's better if she leaves this pack as soon as possible."noveldrama
Patric's legs froze upon hearing Adrian.
Adrian turned around and gave him a bored look. "What's wrong? Did you come here just to irritate me?"
Patric was confused by what had happened to Adrian. "Did she do something? Why are you mad at her?"
"She wants to ruin my life. She wants to take over my company and give it to his brother. Didn't you hear about her scheme to sell this company's stock to her brother?"
Patric was silent for a while. He was taking a close look at Adrian.
"What?" Adrian asked.
"Didn't you almost give up your company to her? You nearly stepped down from your position a few weeks ago, just for her. Now what is bothering you? She must be mad that you made Hazel your mistress. Of course, she is mad."
Adrian raised a brow and questioned, "I did what? And what did you say? Why would she be mad? It's not like we have a good relationship with each other."
Patric parted his lips in shock. Was he really talking to his best friend? Why was he speaking strangely?
"Adrian, you love her. Have you forgotten about it?"
Adrian's brows eased as Patric said that, but then furrowed even deeper. "What nonsense!"
Patric grabbed his arm and dragged him to the elevator. When the elevator door closed, Patric spoke loudly as there was no one there to listen to them.
"Adrian Miller, what's wrong with you? She is the woman you are madly in love with. You were the one who chased her after so many years of divorce. You regretted it and wished to marry her again. When you remarried her, you wanted to live a peaceful life with her and your twins."
Astonishment engulfed Adrian. Whatever Patric had just told him, he could not believe.
"Beta Patric, are you cooking up stories?"
Patric took a step back. He could not believe Adrian had completely forgotten everything.
"I have heard that a few days ago you were in an accident. Are you suffering from memory loss?"
###
Chapter 512
When the elevator door opened and they arrived at the first floor, Adrian gave him a stern look and was ready to reprimand him.
Adrian exited the elevator first, and Patric followed, intending to go check on Adrian's condition with the pack doctor.
At that time, they ran into Benjamin.
Adrian took a halt when Benjamin bowed to him.
with a pair of cold eyes, Adrian said to him,
"I warned you to stay away from that woman. She is not good for our pack."
Benjamin lowered his head before glancing at Patric. Patric was staring at him. He exhaled and returned his gaze to Adrian.
"Alpha, she is my Luna. It is my responsibility to protect her when everyone is against her."
Adrian tightened his fists while glaring at Benjamin. Meanwhile, Patric focused his gaze on Adrian. "Didn't you say you don't like her? Why do you care if Benjamin roams around her? You want her to leave this pack anyway." Gamma Benjamin was shocked. He shook his head as he realized Adrian had misunderstood his pure intention. "My apologies, Alpha. I was just-"noveldrama
Patric interrupted him while signaling him to close his mouth. Benjamin obeyed his instructions. Patric patted Benjamin's shoulder and said to Adrian,
"Adrian, he is our Gamma. Natalia is also a powerful woman. He could not help it when it's about his heart." Benjamin's eyes widened. He glared at Patric, removing his hand from his shoulder, and spoke to him in their mind link,
"Are you insane? He will kill me."
Patric rolled his eyes and responded in the mind link, "Then you should have told me about everything that was going on behind my back."
Adrian, on the other hand, felt his blood boiling inside. He did not know why he was feeling like this, but he did not like when Patric said Benjamin liked Natalia.
"She is not going anywhere. I will keep her here and punish her for all of her conspiracy. So take your eyes off of her. I don't want to kill the gamma of the pack for personal reasons."
After saying that, Adrian turned around.
Behind him, he overheard Patric and Benjamin's conversation.
"Why didn't you tell me that he lost his memories?"
"I don't know anything about it either. He is good at everything as usual. However, he has not been coming to training for the past few weeks. I am confused with his new behavior too. In fact, he is not treating Natalia well."
"Don't tell he has forgotten who saved him in the last war? He was almost dead, but Natalia came all the way over to him and saved him by marking him."
Those voices were loud enough to reach his ears. Adrian was surprised to hear the conversation. He recalled Natalia telling him a few times that she regretted saving him. But no matter how hard he tried, he could not recall it.
"Have I really forgotten everything? Was she right when she said she had saved me?"
###
Chapter 513
Adrian left the company, neglecting the idea of having lunch with Patric.
He got inside the car and told his driver to drive to a restaurant.
He was on his way back to the company after lunch when he received a message from Ansel informing him that tonight was Hazel's birthday and that he should give her a present.
Adrian's car stopped in front of a jewelry shop. He went inside the shop and told the staff to pack something that would look good on a young woman.
A female employee approached him and showed him a few designs. Adrian was not interested in choosing, but his eyes fell on a beautiful necklace.
He did not know why, but looking at the necklace, his mind reflected Natalia's face.
"Pack this one."
The female employee smiled at him and packed the necklace. When she was about to hand it to him, he said,
"I told you to pick one."
The woman was stunned. "Oh, you want another one?"
She thought he was going to buy only one necklace. The woman picked the best design and showed it to Adrian. He just nodded at her to let her pack it.
After taking two necklaces with him, he went to his company. After reaching his cabin, he called Damia, Natalia's assistant. She recently joined the job.
"Give it to Natalia," Adrian said while placing the bag on the desk.
Damia blinked her eyes, not believing that Adrian was sending a gift to Natalia.
She grabbed the bag and was about to leave the office when Adrian spoke from behind.
"Tell her not to say anything about it to Hazel. It is Hazel's birthday today, so she can wear it at the party. I purchased one for Hazel and received this necklace as a complimentary gift from the manager."
It left Damia speechless. Taking a quick look at Adrian, she turned her head. As all of her hopes for Natalia were dashed, she grimaced in dissatisfaction and shook her head in anger.
Later that night,
Adrian arrived at the pack house. He noticed that the house had been exquisitely decorated for Hazel, as it was her birthday.
The moment Hazel saw him enter the pack house, she smiled brightly and walked toward him while wearing a gown that was a baby pink color.
"Adrian"
She held his arm and returned to the living room where the Leighton family and Miller family were present. The presence of Alpha Jason, along with a few business partners, came as a complete surprise to Adrian. It looked like he had arrived really late.
An angry blaze could be seen in Jason's eyes, and he could see it. Adrian assumed it was because he wanted to take his sister away.
Everyone involved in the Leighton family's business knew that Hazel was Adrian's mistress. But they had no idea about her child.
Adrian's gaze darted around the room as if looking for someone until he settled on the woman in a red wine gown. He could not take his gaze away from her. He kept thinking about what Patric had told him today.noveldrama
He was madly in love with her? When? Was it really true? Then why could not he recall?
He clenched his jaw when he felt pain in his head while trying to remember the past memories.
He slightly averted his gaze, trying to calm his messy mind.
"Alpha Adrian, Miss Natalia looks really beautiful today, doesn't she?" Ansel spoke up when she noticed Adrian looking at Natalia.
Everyone's attention turned to Adrian. He frowned as he was about to say something to avoid the question. But before that, Ansel spoke again.
"It's because she wears a very beautiful necklace."
Adrian turned his head to look at Natalia again, expecting her to wear his necklace.
However, he noticed it was not the necklace he had given her. Then he heard Ansel "Alpha Jonas gave her the necklace."
###
Chapter 514
Adrian's eyes darkened when Natalia smiled with her red lips and looked in another direction.
Adrian's gaze shifted on the way and found Alpha Jonas grinning at Natalia.
"A beautiful necklace for a precious woman. I have always admired her when she was the CEO of her father's company. She is a pure beauty. It's bad luck that she decided to stay here. But if you want to come with me, I will not take any mistress for my whole life."
Adrian glared at the man as he found his words mocking toward him.
Jason scoffed at Jonas and said, "She is a stubborn woman. She doesn't listen to anyone. Otherwise, Alpha Adrian is ready to leave her. Isn't it Alpha Adrian?"
Jason's gaze met Adrian's like a clash colliding.
Hazel was about to say something, but Ansel shook her head at her.
Natalia walked toward her brother and let out a chuckle. "Let's focus on the birthday girl. Looks like I took all the limelight away from her."
Hazel stared at Natalia. There were some untold words that were conveyed through her eyes toward her. But Natalia could not understand them.
Hazel cut the cake. When she was about to feed Adrian, he was too busy to look somewhere else. Her hand was in the middle of the air as she gazed at him.
Suddenly her eyes moved to Jason, who was glaring at her. She immediately looked away and lowered her hand, putting down the piece of cake.
One by one, everyone gave presents to Hazel. Adrian's parents went back to their room after giving her a set of ancient jewelry.
"Alpha, don't you have anything to give Hazel?" Ansel asked.
Adrian ordered a guard to bring the bag from his car. When he brought the bag, Natalia's eyes fell on it as she recognized it. But she did not react.noveldrama
Adrian gave Hazel the necklace. Hazel opened it and was shocked when she saw it was really expensive. Ansel snatched it away from her hand and said with a sweet tone,
"I will ask the maids to put it in your room, Hazel."
When she was about to leave the room, Jason spoke out.
"Don't you want to see my present for her?"
Everyone, including Ansel, turned their attention to Jason.
He approached the old Leighton and handed him a folder.
Hazel was curious about what he was doing. There was no way he would give her a present.
The old Leighton opened the folder, and his brows shot up.
"You are removing our pack from your alliance?"
Everyone around them was astounded. Hazel's brother, Rick walked over to Jason and asked,
"But why?"
Jason smirked at him and replied,
"All this time, I was only helping you because I thought you could give me what I desired. Since I can't have it, why would I help you more?"
Jason turned to face Hazel, his eyes meeting hers. Hazel took a step back, shaking her head as if pleading with him not to say anything.
"It's your birthday gift from me. No conversation from now on. Everything is over."
###
Chapter 515
Adrian tried to think why did Jason make an alliance with them in the first place. What exactly did he want?
He was able to see the expressions of shock plastered across the faces of all of the Leightons. They were not expecting this. To them, it was like a blow to the head.
Adrian assumed that Jason did that because Natalia wanted it. But Natalia's eyes were hazel all the time. Her eyes kept observing her when her brother was talking to her.
Ansel's anger caused his fingers to become more firmly gripped on the jewelry boxes. The old Leighton looked mad at Jason while Rick appeared to be fierce.
"You will pay for it, Alpha Jason," Ansel said, leaving the room.
Her husband and the old Leighton followed her behind as if she were the main member of the family.
Jason rolled his eyes. He turned his head to Adrian and said,
"You will be next to face something like this."
It was a warning.
Adrian did not like it when he said that in front of other businessmen.
Jason gave Natalia a small smile and then walked out of the pack house as if his work was done there.
Hazel was shocked by what had happened just now. She blinked when Jason walked past her and exited the pack house.
She turned around and saw him, leaving.noveldrama
She felt her heart pounding as she watched him leave.
She gazed at others who were not looking at her. So she lifted her gown and rushed outside.
As soon as she came out of the pack house, she looked around left and right to find Jason.
Her gaze was drawn to a man walking toward the parking lot.
She ran behind him until she was only a foot away from him. "Jason"
His steps halted when he heard her. But he did not turn around.
Tears scrambled in her eyes as she stared at the man's broad shoulder. The reflection of meeting him for the first time came to her mind.
It was a few months ago when she was walking around the forest and bumped into him. She did not want to live, but he showed her a light of hope.
"If you came here to beg me for the allian-"
"Please don't break the alliance," she begged him, sobbing.
She could see him clenching his fists in fury.
"Why? That man can give you expensive gifts and help you live a lavish lifestyle. He can also give your family what they desire. You all don't need me anymore."
Hazel could not say anything as she lowered her head. Tears fell to the ground near her feet as she choked on her cry.
Since she was silent, Jason did not want to say anything more. He was here for his sister. He did not want to see Hazel's face again.
As soon as his body moved to take a step forward, he felt a pair of arms around his waist.
Hazel hugged him from behind and said,
"T-They will kill this child if you break the alliance. Please save me and our child, Jason." ?
###
Chapter 516
Natalia's eyes were on the door. She had seen Hazel leaving the house. For some reason, she guessed who she went after.
'What is her relationship with my brother?' she thought.
"Miss Natalia"
She looked away from the door and turned to Alpha Jonas. She smiled at him.
This noon, when Adrian sent the necklace to her, she was surprised at first but scoffed after learning his words from Damia.
She knew this man could never care for her. He was a devil in disguise who was showing his true colors with passing time.
So when Alpha Jonas called her today to ask what she would like to have, she told him that she desired a necklace. She wanted to wear it in front of Adrian to mock him.
"The more I see you, the more I feel like I have never seen this much beauty," he remarked with a chuckle.
Natalia grinned at him and said, "Alpha Jonas is flirting with me. Does his girlfriend know about it?"
In a blink of a second, all the color washed away from his face.
Natalia noticed this, lifted her hand, and patted his shoulder. "One necklace can't buy me, Alpha Jonas. I have a suggestion for you. I am taking this gift as an approach for a business deal. I will think about the tender you are currently working on. How about it?"
Alpha Jonas' facial expression returned to normal after hearing her. He offered her a warm smile and said,
"Alpha Adrian is really lucky to have you. I understand that he is the almighty Alpha, but you are also very powerful. Why don't you leave him and settle with some other Alpha-"
Alpha Jonas paused as his eyes fell behind Natalia. He gulped as he said,
"Well, I believe I should leave now. The party is over anyway."
Natalia did not know what had just happened to him. She nodded her head and reminded him,
"I will remember your present and repay you in any way you desire."
Alpha Jonas understood that she meant the deal when she said it.
Natalia sighed as she watched Alpha Jonas leave.
Then, as she turned around, she collided with a hard chest.
She took a step back and lifted her head only to meet a pair of angry eyes.noveldrama
She frowned when she saw it was Adrian. Why was he standing behind her? Was he listening to her conversation?
She realized that was why Alpha Jonas left like that. 'He might be afraid Adrian will not like his suggestion. Little did he know, this man has no heart,' she thought, shaking her head.
"So you will pay like he desires?" Adrian asked.
Natalia glanced at the other Alphas who were also leaving. Her brother had ruined the party, but she did not have any regrets about it.
"Yes, I will," Natalia said and was about to walk past him.
But Adrian grabbed her wrist and started to drag her to the stares.
"What are you doing?" she yelled at him.
When he reached their bedroom, he dragged her inside. He shut the door and pressed her against it.
His eyes moved to the necklace. His dark gaze frightened her.
"What are you-"
Taking hold of the necklace, he yanked it away from her neck. She hissed in pain.
"How dare you wear the gifts of another man?" In a furious tone, he said.
Glaring at him, she answered,
"I will do whatever I want with another man. It's none of your—"
He did not let her finish her as he grabbed her jaw and kissed her.
###
Chapter 517
Natalia was shocked when his lips touched hers.
She tried to push him. But Adrian did not let her go.
He felt sharp pain in his head as if something was exploding inside. His hands wrapped around her waist, pressing his body against hers.noveldrama
As though he had been longing for it, his rough kiss turned desperate.
Natalia became so enraged that she shoved him with her wolf strength.
He retrieved a few steps back. Natalia growled at him.
"How dare you do that?"
His brows shot up as if he was confused by his own action. His gaze roamed around the floor until they lifted up to look at her.
As if his eyes could change colors, they turned dark brown, and suddenly they flashed red for a moment.
She recalled that before the accident he looked like that.
"Get out of this room right now," she said, glaring at him. She did not want to see him.
He did not move as he stared at her with a pair of lost eyes.
When she saw he was not moving, she opened the door and walked out of the room.
There was no way she would stay in the same room with him and let him take advantage of her body.
She went to her twin's room and slept with them. In the middle of the night, Noah's sleep broke. Natalia hugged him and Aria.
She caressed Noah's head and kissed his forehead. "This world is not for good people, Noah. Don't get emotional when it comes to your family, okay?"
"Mommy, are you talking about Dad?"
Natalia turned away and uttered,
"Nothing, my baby. I was just talking nonsense. Sleep."
Noah hugged her tightly and mumbled, "Dad is behaving strangely, Mommy. Aria is afraid of him now. She is not even saying anything as if she had seen something in him."
Natalia was confused. Then she assumed they were children, and they realized their father was a devil who had taken another woman home.
Natalia fell asleep as she embraced her two children.
The next day,
Natalia went to the company.
Patric came to see her in his office. She thought he would talk to her about Adrian, and she was right.
"I don't want to talk about that man," she said while looking at the beta of the pack.
"Natalia, can you please listen to me for once?" Patric said this while pulling out a chair and sitting down.
He was staring at Natalia with desperate eyes.
"What do you want to say? Have you heard about what he did? He is just a—'
"Natalia, he is not in his right mind," he said.
She gave him a look that said she was not buying it. "Why? Is he under the influence of drugs? He said he did not want to talk about our past. He only wants to be with Hazel. Can you believe it? All these years, what he told me about himself was false. His love was fake. Everything..."
She paused and closed her eyes. Patric stared at her for a while.
He could see she was tired of everything.
"Patric, please. If you come here to talk about the share thing, then please lea-"
Patric cut her off as he said,
"He is possessed by an evil witch. He can't remember anything about you. He is in real pain."
###
Chapter 518
Natalia was in disbelief. "Do you think I am a fool? You can not just show up and make a fool of me. At first, your Alpha said that Hazel is nothing to him, then he let her stay in the pack house. Later, he claimed that the child she was carrying was not his, and I believed him again. But what about now?"
Her questions pierced like daggers toward Patric. He lowered his head in defeat. "I know you have to tolerate a lot." "Tolerate a lot? All of my life, I have been only suffering for your Alpha. He said he wants me to leave this pack." Natalia could not stop herself from telling Patric everything that hurt her heart.
"He smashed my love in front of my brother. He told him to take me away with him. Can you imagine how well I controlled myself at that time?"
She leaned back against her chair, closing her eyes and shaking her head. "It is all because of my children. I am bearing everything just for them."
Patric took a deep breath and said, "I came back yesterday. I have collected all of the pieces of the puzzle. Trust me for once. He is possessed."
Natalia did not believe him so he told him to leave. Patric tried to make her understand again but failed.
He left the office with a defeated look. He had no idea how to save his best friend now.
In the evening,
Natalia left the company to go to the pack house. During that time, Jason called him and asked her to go to a restaurant.
She remembered it as a restaurant with a lot of privacy. She was curious as to why her brother had summoned her there.noveldrama
When she arrived at the restaurant, she recognized two familiar cars.
'What are Benjamin and Patric doing here?" She wondered.
She walked into the restaurant, shrugging her shoulders. A waiter took her to the cabin her brother had reserved for them.
As soon as Ava walked into the cabin, her face turned gloomy.
"What is she doing here?" she asked, pointing at the woman standing next to her brother.
"Sister-"
"Shut up. Did you manage to persuade my brother to keep the alliance with your family, Hazel Leighton?" Natalia exclaimed, enraged.
Hazel's eyes turned teary as she dropped her head. Natalia glared at her. She was furious to see her there.
"Natalia, don't scold her," Jason said as he pushed Hazel behind her as if he was in fear that she would hurt her.
Natalia was stunned. "Brother..."
Natalia heard another voice.
"Your brother is right. Don't scold her."
She turned around and saw Patric and Benjamin entering the private cabin.
"What are you two doing here?" She asked.
She turned to face Jason again. "Brother, what's going on?"
Jason came toward Natalia and lowered his head.
"Why are you not speaking? What's happening here? And why are you all taking her side?"
Jason took hold of Natalia's hand and said in a low tone,
"She is innocent. The child she is carrying... that is not Adrian's but mine."
###
Chapter 519
Natalia was shocked as her eyes widened. She heard something she could not believe.
"Y-Your child? H-How?" she mumbled.
She felt as though the sky had fallen on her. She was not in a state to feel anything. She was confused and puzzled.
Jason sighed and looked at her.
"I met her in her pack. There was never anything between her and Adrian. The child is mine, and I spent a night with her a few months ago."
Natalia shook her head. Her hand slipped away from Jason's hand.
"That's not possible. She manipulated you, brother. You have never talked about her. And why did she lie when the child is not Adrian's? Why is he even trying to protect her? He himself admitted that that child is his."
Hazel looked at Natalia and stepped toward her. Natalia raised a hand, stopping her from approaching her. "Don't. You can manipulate everyone but me. I didn't forget how you warned me to leave Adrian's life."
Hazel clenched her jaw and said angrily, "I also warned you about that door. Why did you break into the room?"
Natalia froze when she remembered the locked door. She frowned and said, "You are right. That door... That is what your family wanted, right? They wanted to unlock it, didn't they? This is what I did. Now why didn't your family disappear from our lives?"
Hazel shook her head. "I warned you that you should not look for it. You should not have broken the door. That door..."
Hazel paused as her lips trembled. Jason rushed to her and held her in his arms.noveldrama
"Brother, she is acting. Don't listen to her. She is the princess of that Leighton family. She also wants that. Can't you see they are here now? Adrian also wants her. He turned into a devil."
Jason gazed at Natalia and said in a harsh tone,
"Enough, Natalia."
Natalia's body jerked in shock. Her brother had never talked to her like that.
Jason saw the pain in her eyes. He felt upset and said,
"Hazel is just like you, Natalia. She is a pawn in Leighton's game."
Natalia was bewildered. "Pawn? She is the daughter-"
"Adopted daughter," Hazel interrupted her.
Natalia took a step back upon hearing Hazel. "W-What?"
Hazel nodded her head. "I was just a poor child that they adopted to fulfill their wish. Their eyes were always on Adrian. It was not me who saved Adrian but him who saved me at the border. That night..."
Hazel recalled the night and spoke again.
"That night, I was fleeing from Black Hawk Pack. They had followed me and were about to kill me when Adrian saved me. But they hit his forehead with a weapon that wizards use to kill werewolves. He was so strong that he did not die. Their plan was to kill him because his father killed their daughter years ago."
Natalia had nothing to say. "Killed their daughter?"
Hazel nodded her head. "Yes, Alpha Lucas killed the old Leighton's daughter years ago. She had feelings for Alpha Lucas, and soon after, her family made an offer to Alpha Lucas to marry their daughter.
Alpha Lucas and his father agreed on it, but he later discovered Grace before the wedding. She was his mate, so Alpha Lucas refused to marry the Leighton's daughter.
That woman was an evil witch who wanted to be his Luna. So she tried to kill Grace a few times. But Alpha Lucas loved his mate and killed that evil witch."
Patric heard everything but a question raised in his mind as he asked,
"How is it connected to the door?"
###
Chapter 520
Taking a deep breath, Hazel knew she had to tell them everything.
"That witch's powers were imprisoned with ash in a jar, and the door had been locked for years. My sister-in-law, Ansel, is the coven's second highest-ranking witch after that woman. So, all these years, Ansel tried her hardest to break the door and free the powers so that she could take over them.
So when Natalia broke the door, the powers were freed, and Ansel possessed them all. Now she is the most powerful witch."
Natalia recalled what had happened in that room. She had assumed she would die, but she did not.
Hazel stepped toward Natalia and said,
"sister, I am sorry for what happened to you. But I had nothing in my hands. I was not alone. My child was with me. So I had to follow whatever they told me. The only thing I could do was not open the door. Before you opened it, I used to tell them that I had not found the door."
Natalia's eyes lowered as she noticed Hazel caressing her own stomach.
Natalia's eyes blurred with tears as she asked,
"S-So it's not A-Adrian's child?"
Hazel shook her head. "He never touched me. In fact, he had to bear many tortures in my pack. He not only broke free from their cage but also rescued me from hell."
Natalia stared at Hazel's belly without saying anything. She then heard Hazel again.
"Do you know what he used to say when they hurt him in my pack?"noveldrama
Natalia's eyes lifted to look at her. "W-What?"
Hazel smiled at her sadly and replied,
"My wife is waiting for me in my pack I can't die. I have to go back to her."
Natalia's lips trembled when she heard her.
"She is right, Natalia. I was with them in the Black Hawk Pack. Adrian almost gave up while they were torturing him, but he came back just for you," Patric said.
Natalia turned her face away from everyone as tears ran down her cheeks.
She felt a hand touch her belly. She saw it was Hazel.
"You are blessed that your child is alive. Don't let anyone hurt this child. When Adrian was on my pack, he used to say that he wanted to spend time with you when you got pregnant again because he missed the last time you were pregnant with his twins.
"Child? She is pregnant?" Patric said with a shocked tone.
Jason gave him a nod. Benjamin placed his hand on his shoulder and spoke,
"I was aware of it. That is why I was always near her, protecting her and her child."
Patric frowned at him. "Then why didn't you tell me or Adrian?"
Natalia stopped him from scolding Benjamin. "It's because I told him not to say anything to anyone."
Patric felt messed up. "You should have told Adrian about it. He had been trying to find out and then learned that you never checked up. That time he was in the right mind. He could do something."
Hazel shook her head. "No. Even if he had learned, there was nothing he could do. He would have ended up harming himself or the child."
Natalia could not control herself as she broke down. She was not sure what to believe. There had been so much going on in her life over the last few days.
"I told you, Natalia. Adrian is possessed," Patric explained.
Natalia looked at him. "But he knows everything, except-
Hazel interrupted her by saying, "Except you. Ansel possessed him. When he was in our pack, Ansel spellbound him. But it did not work much until you broke the door and Ansel got the unbreakable power. Adrian completely lost control that night and Ansel had him under her control entirely.
Ansel had blurred his thoughts and memories of you in his mind. Her voice echoes in his head, reminding him of his hatred for you. That's how black magic works, Natalia. This is a dark world full of power and magic."
Hazel revealed everything about how her family adopted her when was a child and raised her to be a pawn in their revenge game.
Natalia realized she had misunderstood Andrian. Her heart clenched as she realized how much pain he was in. "I will get him back," Natalia said, wiping away tears.
"But how? We are not powerful enough to break Ansel's spell," Hazel said.
"There is one person we know. He can help us," Jason spoke out.
Natalia nodded as she looked at him. Patric was aware of who they were talking about.
"I have already met him. He has no way. He only asks to protect Hazel.."
Patric's eyes widened as he remembered Qadir's words. He had said that Hazel was carrying an Alpha's child and Adrian should protect her and her child.
"So the Alpha was not Adrian but Jason?" he murmured in surprise.
Natalia did not waste her time as she dialed a number. The call was immediately received as a man's voice rang in her ear.
"It's been a long time. How are you, Natalia?"
Natalia inhaled deeply and replied,
"Max, I need your help."
###
Chapter 521
Natalia was on the way to the Blue Blood Pack. Her gaze was directed outside as she leaned against the window. She kept crying, thinking that she had misunderstood Adrian.
She had said so many things to him, and she even tried to kill him by holding his neck and clawing him.
But not for once did he try to hurt her physically. She recalled the car accident. She should have realized that Adrian was influenced by something other than being himself. But that day, he managed to save her by holding her against his chest.
"This is my battle. I will save you, Adrian," she muttered, tightly shutting her eyes.
Patric was there with her. He was sitting beside her in the car, staring at her every moment.
"Don't cry, Natalia. We will do our best to resolve everything."
Natalia wiped away her tears before turning to face him. "Mom and Dad..."
She paused as she was talking about Adrian's parents. Patric nodded his head. "They are also pawns in this game. Their minds were also manipulated."
Natalia was upset with herself for behaving rudely towards them. She felt bad about opening that cursed room.
It was early morning when they arrived at her old pack.
As the car stopped near an old house, she did not waste time and rushed toward the main door.
She knocked loudly on the door.
"Please open the door."
When the door opened, Natalia saw the old man standing there.
"Qadir"
Qadir did not appear surprised as he stepped aside and allowed Natalia and Patric to enter his home.
"You know everything. Please help me to save my husband."
Natalia's voice was shaky, which made Qadir's white brow furrow.
"You are a Luna. How can you appear scared?"
"I don't have much time. If they keep messing with Adrian's mind, he might lose himself in a few days," Natalia said, looking hopelessly into Qadir's eyes.
Qadir's gaze shifted to Patric, who was also waiting for his solution.
Qadir sat on the couch and motioned for them to sit.
When they took their seats, Qadir began to speak.
"The Leightons owned a powerful coven many years ago. But something happened that caused them to split up. Do you know why?"
Natalia shook her head as she patiently listened to him. Qadir rubbed his palm while looking down at it.
Natalia was surprised to notice a burn mark on his palm. Adrian's wound on his forehead looked exactly like this.
She was about to raise her hand to question Qadir about it when Patric stopped her with his gaze, telling her to let him finish.
Natalia settled down and waited for Qadir to continue.
"Due to the death of their lead witch."
Natalia nodded her head. "I know it was my father-in-law who killed her."
Qadir lifted his head and shook it. "No, someone else killed her. Your father-in-law got just the blame in his head because he was the one who caged the power."
Natalia and Patric exchanged a glance as they learned that.
Suddenly Qadir asked Patric,
"Is the woman alright?"
They understood that he was asking about Hazel. Patric responded calmly, "As you mentioned, we are protecting Hazel. I realized that she is indeed carrying an Alpha's child. But the child is not my Alpha's, but your Alpha's."
Qadir smiled as he nodded his head. "Even if she were not carrying my Alpha's child, I still would have protected her."
Natalia looked at him with a frown. "But why?"
Qadir let out a sigh, as if he had been keeping a secret in his chest for quite some time. He lowered his head and replied,noveldrama
"Because she is my granddaughter."
###
Chapter 522 "WHAT!"
Patric yelled as he stood up from the couch. He pointed his finger at him and said,
"You could have said that to Adrian. We would have sent her to a secret location. At least we did not have to witness this day."
Qadir looked at him and said, "Young man, please sit down."
His green eyes held so much power that Patric was shaken. He sat down after shrugging his shoulders.
Natalia stared at Qadir for a long time. When his green eyes met hers, she inquired,
"I have never heard of your relatives before."
Qadir caressed the back of his own hand with his other hand and said,
"Why do you think I am here? I belonged to the coven that Leighton owned."
Natalia was completely taken aback. "Then why are you here?"
"We once followed a wizard who left the coven. So we, the loyal wizards, left as well. My daughter could not leave the coven because she was in love with someone. The Leightons killed her and her husband because they were my relatives. They took my grandchildren away from them and made plans to use her as a pawn in their game. She had been caged since then. I have never seen her or had the opportunity to meet her."
Natalia was upset when she heard him. She also had children. She knew how parents felt when their children were hurt. Qadir had to witness his daughter's death; thinking about it made her feel tremble inside.
"Now they are after Alpha Adrian. His father did not let their daughter become Luna; now they planned to snatch everything after using Hazel."
"What can I do in this situation?" Natalia asked desperately.
Qadir's green eyes shone as she said, "You will need someone powerful to break the spell. You need someone to force Alpha Adrian's wolf to return to him. His wolf is hurt and weak right now. They are afraid that if he shifts, he will kill all of them. They had attempted to kill him in their pack but failed. That is why they went after his mind this time rather than his body."noveldrama
The house fell silent.
Natalia had no idea how they tried to kill Adrian, but just thinking about it made her heart clench inside.
Her eyes turned dark blue. Rage could be seen in her eyes.
Qadir was stunned when he saw her fierce eyes. He had never seen a woman as powerful as her before. But he was aware of her capabilities.
"As an Alpha and a healer, you have the power to fight against them. But keep one thing in mind, Natalia." Natalia blinked as her eyes returned to black. "What?"
Qadir's gaze was drawn to the main door, which was ajar, allowing him to see the birds flying freely in the sky.
"You can only use your strength against them before they attack you physically. Once they begin chanting their spells, your unborn child will be in danger."
###
Chapter 523
When Natalia returned to the Crystal Blood Pack, it was already evening the following day.
Her mind was messed up. Qadir had told her to talk to Adrian. He said she should remind him about her. She decided to do that.noveldrama
"Where is your Alpha?" she asked a maid.
"No one is home," the maid replied.
Natalia was stunned. "Where is everyone?"
"Alpha hasn't returned home. His parents went somewhere in a hurry."
"Where have Amanda and the children gone?"
"Aria wanted to go to the park to play, so Miss Amanda took them there."
"Oh, all right."
The maid bowed before leaving.
Natalia sighed as she rubbed her forehead. She was exhausted from the two-day journey.
She was about to turn to go to her room when a scream came from outside the pack house.
Ava dashed outside, only to see Amanda rush towards her.
Her face was pale, and she appeared distressed.
"Amanda, what happened? Where are they? I heard they went outside with you," Natalia asked with concern.
Amanda fell to her knees in front of Natalia, which shocked her. Natalia immediately bent down and held her arms.
"What's wrong?"
"L-Luna, t-they took them away..."
Natalia's hands froze. "W-What? W-Who?"
Amanda burst out crying. The guards found it pitiful to witness the middle-aged woman crying. But they could not believe that someone had kidnapped the Alpha's twins.
"M-Mrs. Leighton. She did something to me, and I was unable to move. I tried, cried, yelled, and asked for help. But I could not protect them."
Natalia's eyes turned dark blue as she growled in fury. "What were the guards doing? Were they not with you?" Amanda shook her head. "I was with Aria and Noah. They were playing right in front of me. The guards suddenly left me, and Mrs. Leighton arrived with her men to take the twins away."
Natalia did not waste her time, and she immediately dialed Ansel's number. As soon as the call connected, Natalia growled.
"How dare you take my kids away? Do you want to play dirty enough to kidnap the kids? I swear that if you hurt them, I will cut off your body."
Ansel let out a chuckle. "What do you and your brother think? We would not know what Hazel was up to? She betrayed us. She had always tried to do that. It was just her luck that your husband had saved her at the border. But this time, she will not be saved."
Natalia's eyes widened. "What do you mean? Where is she?"
A scream rang out from the other end of the phone. Hazel was screaming as if someone had hit her and she was hurt.
Ansel, on the other hand, smirked and turned her gaze to Hazel. They were in the midst of the forest.
Just like Aria and Noah, Hazel was tied to a chair. The twins were unconscious, but Hazel was fully conscious.
Ansel walked toward her as she raised her hand to stop the wizard next to Hazel from slapping her on her face. Ansel grasped Hazel's hair and pulled it back.
"Tell your favorite Luna how much pain you are in."
Hazel shook her head, denying speaking up.
"Hazel? Are you listening to me?" Natalia asked on the phone.
"If you want her and your children to be saved, come to the forest near the burned village."
Hazel let out a scream as soon as Ansel finished talking.
"Don't come here, Natalia. They will kill you."
###
Chapter 524
Natalia was startled when she heard a second scream of pain. The phone hung up as if Ansel was about to beat Hazel for having the audacity to say that.
Natalia's fists tightened as tears welled up in her eyes. They were teary not in pain but in anger.
She was worried about her children as well as Hazel. She was also pregnant, just like her. She was carrying her brother's child.
Natalia turned to the guards and said,
"Inform every official that I am heading to the forest near the burned village."
"Luna, we are coming with you."
Natalia did not because she knew she would need them. When she got in the car, the driver started the car and drove it at a fast pace.
She called her brother, who was shocked. He did not waste any time as he made his way to the forest.
In the middle of the road, she got a call. She gripped her phone tightly. She took a quick glance at the number. She could see Adrian's phone number.
He was calling her. She locked her phone and turned to look out the window.
I can't receive the call. I can't pull you into this trap, Adrian. You have completely forgotten everything. You can't shift; your wolf is weak. I can't put you in danger,' she thought.
She decided not to contact him until their children were saved. If he learned and went there, it was possible that he would follow Ansel's instructions. He would have ended up harming his own children. She would never forgive herself if something like that happened.
The car finally arrived at the forest.
"Luna, the fallen trees have blocked the way. Maybe someone cut down the big trees. Now you can only get there by foot."
Natalia nodded her head and got out of the car. She started to run as she was feeling frightened for her little children.
"Noah, Aria... Don't worry, Mom will save you both."
She had been protecting them for many years. As a mother, she would do anything to keep them safe.
She was so fast that she left the guards behind.noveldrama
Her steps came to a halt when she heard screams. She looked straight ahead and saw light emanating from the shadows.
When she ran in that direction, she noticed many flaming torches hanging in the trees, which illuminated the area. When she saw Aria and Noah on the ground, her heart shook. There was a white circle surrounding them. She could also see Hazel in the circle. She was also lying down. Her face was covered in bruises as if she had been beaten.
Natalia rushed toward them but was stopped by some men. All of them were wizards. Her eyes turned dark blue as she glared at them.
"Get out of my way. Leave my children and Hazel."
Their green eyes did not move away from her. Ansel noticed her and let out a laugh.
"Look who is here, Alpha Adrian's wife."
Natalia glared at her and said, "Leave them. What do you want?"
Someone spoke out, causing Natalia to turn her head to see the person. It was so-called Hazel's grandfather, Dean
Leighton; beside him was his grandson Rick.
"We want this pack and Alpha Adrian's death."
###
Chapter 525
Natalia growled at them as she glared at the old man.
"You will never see that day. Before you kill him, I will kill you," she said, dashing over to him.
Her claws emerged, which surprised the Leightons. Even the men were unable to stop her. She pushed them hard enough that they fell to the ground. Their strength was not comparable to hers.
Her target was the old man who started the game. With her claws raised, she approached him. But before she could claw him, Rick stepped in.
Natalia's claws pierced his face, turning it bloody.
"Uhmmm!"
He groaned in agony as her claws dug into his flesh. Natalia did not mind when she realized she had missed the target.
"You three are the same. I should kill you three one by one."
She pierced her claws in his face so hard that it hit the bones on his face. He tried to push her. However, Natalia laughed and asked,
"Didn't you want to talk with me privately, Mr. Leighton? Let's do that after this."
"Ansel, save me. What are you doing?" Rick screamed.
But his wife did not listen to him. It was as though she did not care if Natalia killed him.
Natalia glanced at Ansel and realized that the woman was the most disloyal wife she had ever seen. Her only goal was to obtain Rick's aunt's powers, and only for that did she get married to him.
The white circle caught fire as soon as Ansel began chanting some spells.
It caused Natalia to freeze. Rick seized the opportunity and pushed Natalia so hard that she fell to the ground on her belly.
"Ahhh!"
She screamed while clutching her stomach. She bit her bottom lip to cope with the pain.
Her baby! She would have to protect her baby.
But what about Noah and Aria? She looked inside the fire circle. Her twins were lying down. Her brother's lover, who was carrying his child, was also there.
She tried to stand up but failed as the pain in her body increased. She tried to regain her strength.
Her mind replayed Qadir's words as she was unable to get to her feet.
"You can only use your strength against them before they attack you physically. Once they begin chanting their spells, your unborn child will be in danger."
She slowly looked around and noticed the old Leighton staring at her stomach and mumbling something. She could feel her pain getting worse by the second.
"NO!"
She could not help but yell out in pain.
At that time, she heard a voice and immediately recognized it.
"Leave her!"
She turned her head and saw Jason coming there with Eric and Adrian's officials. Behind them were the guards she had come with.
"Brother?"
He shifted into his wolf form and dashed toward Ansel.
Ansel sat on the ground, and another circle of fire lit up. However, this time, the fire surrounded her, shielding her from harm.
"Alpha Jason, if you can, break the circle."
Before Jason, a guard tried to break the fire. The fire engulfed his fur, killing him instantly.
Jason, along with everyone else, was taken aback. Jason roared in rage.
Adrian's officials began to fight against the wizards. They killed some. However, to their surprise, many more wizards and some witches arrived there. They were from the Black Haw Pack. They crossed the border today, just as Ansel had planned.
Adrian's officials had a difficult time dealing with them. Benjamin, as the gamma, attempted to jump on the old Leighton.
The old man raised his hand and touched his head.
Benjamin's body collapsed to the ground and began to shake.
"Benjamin!"
Natalia exclaimed in shock. She tried to move toward him, but the pain prevented her from doing so.noveldrama
The old Leighton looked at one of the wizards, who was holding a whip.
"Kill her," he commanded.
The wizard was a young man. When the man got close to Natalia, Rick snatched the whip from him and uttered,
"I will kill her with my hands."
He approached Natalia with the whip in hand. When he stood in front of her, the whip caught fire.
Natalia's and others' eyes widened. In the bloody face, Rick's smirk looked maniacal.
"Be prepared for pain beyond your imagination."
Jason and others screamed in their mind links.
"NATALIA"
Natalia was unable to move. She shut her eyes, waiting to feel the pain as she clenched her belly with her hands. However, as the whip was about to strike her, a pair of strong arms pulled her against a hard chest, shielding her from the whip.
She heard the sound of whipping, which caused her to immediately open her eyes.
Her eyes widened when she noticed her face pressed against the chest. When she slowly moved her head to see the person's face, she was shocked.
"Ad-Adrian?"
###
Chapter 526
Natalia's tears, which she had been holding back until now, fell on her cheeks.
Adrian's gaze locked on hers. They were dark but familiar to her. His jaw was clenched as if he were trying not to groan in pain.
When his body moved, she came back to reality and gasped.
"Ad-Adrian! What are you-"noveldrama
Adrian pushed her head back, covering her gaze so she could not look at anything.
"Sshh"
His thumb caressed her cheek while pressing her head against his bare chest as if he did not feel anything.
Natalia could feel the heat of the flame whenever the whip touched his back.
"Don't... Don't hit him!"
She exclaimed, crying, but Rick did not stop.
"Look, who has come to protect his wife? The man who can not shift, who can not protect himself, how can he protect his wife?"
Rick's mocking made the witches and wizards laugh. Everyone was aware of Adrian's condition. He had become a puppet of Ansel.
Rick continued to whip Adrian's back. As the flaming whip continued to strike him on his back, his skin began to burn immediately, and his skin began to tear, causing blood to come out of the wounds.
Everyone exclaimed in their mind link. Patric yelled at Adrian through their mind links.
"Adrian!"
Natalia shook her head against his chest. She could not imagine how much pain this man was going through for her.
"Your time is up, Adrian Miller. Why don't you just move aside and let me play with your wi-"
Before Rick could finish, Adrian turned his head to him. The flaming whip was an inch close to hitting his face when he grabbed the whip with his hand.
Rick's eyes widened as well as others.
Natalia noticed what Adrian was doing. She quickly held Adrian's arm to let it go.
But Adrian gripped the flaming whip tightly and yanked it away from Rick's grip.
The whip flew high when Rick let it go. Adrian grasped the stock of the whip with his burned hand and looked at Rick.
"Wanna play with my wife?" he muttered with a deep voice.
His voice held so much power that it caused Ansel to stop chanting. She frowned at Adrian and said in his mind. "You hate Natalia. Support the wizards and kill this woman."
She assumed Adrian would do whatever she told him. However, she did not expect Adrian to smirk at her. "Kill her? Or kill you?"
Ansel was caught off guard. Her eyes widened when she noticed Adrian's eyes had turned completely red.
She rose to her feet and stepped back "H-How... Y-Your eyes..."
Adrian returned his attention to Rick and said,
"First let me play with your husband."
After saying that, he swung the whip and struck Rick. Rick's body fell to the ground as he did not see that coming.
Every time the whip struck his body or his face, he let out a piercing scream.
Natalia stared at Adrian's back, which was wounded badly. She felt pain in her heart. Her wolf was also in pain after seeing that.
But she was shocked when Adrian spoke in anger.
"You dared to harm my wife and the child in her womb. I will not give you an easy death."
###
Chapter 527
Everyone was staring at Adrian, who was mercilessly beating Rick They could not believe that he had recalled everything
Natalia was surprised as well. Did that mean he remembered everything? Every moment in their lives that they had spent together?
"No! No! No! Stop him!"
Ansel yelled at her people. They rushed to Adrian, but he growled at them, which caused them to stop in their place, frozen.
As the only one who dared to approach Adrian, the old Leighton's eyes turned glowing green.
He raised his hand and chanted something, prompting Adrian to stop beating Rick.
The old Leighton was giving Adrian mental pain. He grabbed his forehead and groaned angrily.
The sound of his groan reverberated throughout the entire forest.
"Leave him. Don't hurt her," Natalia said to the old man.
Jason and Patric told their men to attack the wizards and witches. Because their Alpha was present, they would have to choose between giving their lives or taking the lives of others.
Natalia closed her eyes and pressured her legs to get on her feet. She limped over to Adrian and held his hand. A witch came toward Natalia, trying to hit her with the bone of a dead wolf.
Adrian grabbed the witch's hair before she could approach Natalia.
"I warned you all, didn't I?"
He ignored the pain that was going on in his head. His claws emerged, and he grabbed the witch's throat.
The sight of his claws terrified all the witches and wizards.
Adrian was not supposed to get her power back. If he shifted in his wolf form, it would be disastrous for them. Ansel rushed to the twins and Hazel when she saw others were fighting.
She threw moon water on them, which caused them to regain their consciousness. Hazel looked around and noticed Jason's wolf trying to approach her.noveldrama
"Jason!"
Ansel grabbed Hazel's hair and said, "You wanted to be with Alpha Jason, right? Then tell him to go back with you. We have no problems with him."
When Ansel was done, he pushed Hazel toward Jason.
Hazel shook her head. "We are not going until you leave them."
It was time for Hazel to make amends for her mistakes. She was filled with regret for putting herself in the way of Adrian and Natalia. If she had never met Adrian, his life would not have turned out this way. Maybe he was still in danger, but in a different way, and he might have found a solution.
The old Leighton was not a weak man like his age. He was powerful, as others claimed about him.
He raised both hands and began chanting a spell.
Hearing him, every wizard and witch began reciting the same spell. Rick could not even move his lips as he took his final breaths on the ground.
Adrian glared at the old man when he felt his head banging in pain. "Stop chanting that fucking spell."
No one stopped. All of the wolves started feeling pain in their heads.
Natalia clenched her stomach, shaking her head in pain.
Ansel took the opportunity and looked at the twins when they opened their eyes.
Natalia's eyes widened as she noticed Ansel holding a knife to Noah's throat.
"Adrian, our children!"
Adrian dashed toward them, but the fire had already spread around the circle once more.
"If you hurt any of them, I will rip out your heart and crush it with my own hands."
He warned her, but she ignored his words. Adrian felt desperate to shift and kill this woman.
When he kissed Natalia two days ago, he recalled everything. He had almost recovered his wolf, but the flaming whip once again weakened it.
He was enraged at himself.
He was about to growl at Ansel again, but a knife came from behind in Ansel's direction and pierced her arm. "Aahh!"
The knife she was holding dropped to the ground. Adrian turned around and found Natalia glaring at Ansel as her hand was in midair, indicating that it was she who threw it.
Behind her was a familiar man. Adrian's brows rose as he murmured,
"Max?"
###
Chapter 528
Max was standing behind Natalia. He patted Natalia's shoulder and wrapped his arm around her. "Perfect shot." Adrian noticed how securely Max was holding Natalia. His eyes turned pale as he remembered Natalia's words. If she had been with Max, she would have been happy. Getting married to him again ruined her life. Adrian turned around and saw Ansel's arm. It was pierced by a digger rather than a simple knife.
He recalled it and realized it was the dagger marked on the back of Natalia's neck. She was a healer who could kill anyone with her dagger, which was filled with her poisonous blood.
He did not know about its ability toward the witches or wizards, but she had killed Doctor Harold with that knife. After that, she never touched it again.
"Thanks, Max," Natalia said to Max.
When she called Max yesterday, he asked for help. She asked for the tonics that could help wolves and the dagger, which she used when she needed it. Max arrived at the right time to help her.
The fire went out, and the twins were released. Noah and Aria hurried over to Adrian. When he was about to bend down to hug them, they walked past him and went to Natalia.
Adrian tightened his fists as he felt upset. His own children were now against him. They no longer liked him. He remembered how he had promised them months ago that he would never make their mother cry. However, with him, she was only hurt.
The wizards did not stop as they continued to attack Adrian's and Jason's men.
"What is this? Why can't I move my hand?" Ansel screamed when she realized her hand had become numb. Adrian glared at Ansel as he approached her. She shook her head. "No! No! Don't come near me."
She turned to the old Leighton. "Grandpa! Do something."
The old Leighton raised his hand again, but a force prevented him from using his strength. When he turned around, he noticed Hazel's green eyes on her.
"You have hurt me a lot, Grandpa. I have been your pawn since I was a child. But tonight, I can not let you harm these innocent people."
"Do you think Alpha Adrian looks innocent?"
"He is my savior. How can I let you kill him?"noveldrama
The old Leighton glared at Hazel. She felt pain in her chest and backed away, clutching her stomach.
Jason growled at the old man as he leaped on him. The old man gripped his neck, causing excruciating pain. "Brother!"
Natalia wanted to go to Jason. But Max held her hand and said,
"You are pregnant, Natalia. You need to save your unborn child."
She shook her head. Her hands were wrapped around her twins.
"Do something, Max."
Max pulled out his dagger and began fighting. Adrian grabbed Ansel. She tried to use her power on him. But Adrian's red eyes held the power to distract her every time she tried.
"You made me hurt my woman. Tell me how I should kill you?"
Ansel shook her head. "D-Don't-"
"Your husband is dead. Now it's your turn."
After saying that, he grabbed her neck, piercing his claws on her skin.
She shook his head while looking into his eyes painfully. "I am more powerful than you think, Alpha Adrian. No one can kill me except "
"Except the man who killed the last lead witch?" Adrian asked, smirking at her maniacally.
Ansel's eyes grew wider. He signaled his head in a direction and said,
"Turn your head to the left, Ansel Leighton."
Ansel slowly turned her head, only to experience the biggest shock of her life.
Adrian's parents were standing near a tree, but that was not what she was shocked about. With them were two men. One was Qadir, who was powerful like her grandfather-in-law. But beside him was standing a man who looked exactly like the old man, Dean Leighton.
It was none other than the old man's twin brother, Denis Leighton.
same face, same body, same appearance, but power? He was way more powerful than Dean Leighton.
As soon as the old Leighton, Dean, saw his brother, his eyes grew larger.
He shakily pointed his finger at him, saying,
"Y-You are alive?"
###
Chapter 529
Natalia was astounded by what she witnessed. Then she realized that the man was old Leighton's twin brother.
"Natalia"
She heard her mother's voice. She turned her and found her and Adrian's parents. She noticed her mother-in-law also looked worried for her.
She limped, trying to walk toward them.
At that time a witch ran toward her, but a wolf came between and bit the witch's leg, slamming her to the ground.
Natalia realized Eric was the one who saved her. She smiled at him. He gave her a nod before sprinting back toward Jason.
Today, the three men in her life who once loved her are protecting her.
Natalia realized that no matter how powerful you are, there will come a time when everyone needs each other.
She went to her mother and bugged her. Her mother-in-law, Grace, shed tears as she also hugged her. Denis Leighton stepped toward Adrian and bowed to him.
"Alpha"
Natalia was stunned to see the old man lowering his head toward Adrian.
Adrian released Ansel's neck and took a step back.
"Kill them."
"Alpha, you can kill them yourself. Every spell has broken. If you shift, you can..."
Denis Leighton paused when he glanced at Adrian's wounded body. "You still have the power to kill them," he uttered.
Dean Leighton yelled from his place. "You killed my daughter. How could you stay alive?"
Denis Leighton looked at his brother and said, "Your daughter was an evil who destroyed my coven. Alpha Lucas kept me safe and saved me for years. When I left his pack, Alpha Adrian was holding me back in one of his packs. He is your demise."
Adrian shook his head. "No. I won't kill them."
Denis Leighton turned to face him. "But Alpha, they-"
Adrian glanced at Natalia and then looked at his twins, who were hiding their faces while hugging their mother.
"If I kill them today, history will repeat itself, but in a new way. The coven will come to exact their revenge on my children, which I don't want. I am taking a step back and handing them to you. Alpha Adrian bore no grudges against the Black Haw Pack."
He took another step backward.
Ansel shook her head in fear. "Grandpa, do something," she urged Dean Leighton.
Dean Leighton glared at his brother and thought he did not have the same power as before.
But Denis walked over to a tree and picked up a flaming torch. It made all the witches and wizards afraid of death. "Leave the forest and the border right away. I will return to the coven and punish you all. You don't have to die for these people," Denis Leighton said to the coven members.
Dean Leighton and Ansel looked at their people, who turned around and ran out of the forest.
The wolves who were fighting against the wizards tried to stop them, but Adrian raised his hand to stop them.
Hazel remained with Jason, hugging his wolf. Ansel ran toward Dean Leighton. When Denis Leighton started to approach them, they tried to run.
But before they could move, a fire encircled them.
"Do I need to recall who taught your coven to use fire? It is a circle of protection, not a lethal weapon to kill others. You misused my every power," Denis said.
"Our pack's Alpha will kill you."
Denis Leighton laughed as he shook his head. A man arrived with a large group of men. Ansel's eyes widened." Alpha, please save us!"
Denis scoffed at her, saying,
"He hates you all. That is why you relied on Alpha Jason for support. He is none other than my foster son, John. I was the one who raised him. He is more than just my family,"
Ansel's and Dean's eyes grew larger in shock.
"Don't kill me, brother. You are my elder brother. Don't-Aahhh!"
Denis Leighton did not listen to Dean as he threw the flaming torch into the circle.
Immediately, the two people inside the circle began to burn.noveldrama
"ААНН!!!"
The screams of Ansel and the old wizard pierced everyone's ears.
Natalia bent down and hugged her twins tightly, preventing them from witnessing the crucial scene.
Denis Leighton turned to John, who nodded his head. He walked up to Adrian and kneeled before him. "Alpha Adrian, my father always told me to wait for the right moment to hand over the pack to you. I submitted it to you tonight. The Black Haw is all yours. I just want to live a normal life with my mate and my father now."
Everyone was staring at Adrian. Adrian had no intention of taking over that pack. But Denis Leighton insisted that it had always been his because there was no longer a head Alpha.
When Adrian agreed to lead the pack, Denis Leighton announced him as the head Alpha.
After gaining another pack, Adrian became the Alpha King with most of the packs under his rule.
Natalia's eyes welled up with tears as she realized their pain was finally over.
###
Chapter 530noveldrama
Everyone returned to the pack house.
Natalia was lying in bed. The private doctor was checking on her.
"You are lucky the baby is fine," she said.
"Thank you, doctor. Please check on Hazel too," Natalia said to her.
The doctor gave her a nod and then left the room.
Natalia looked at the people who entered the room after the doctor left.
Martin Hansley and Jade Hansley hugged their daughter. Meanwhile, Lucas Miller and Grace Miller lowered their heads.
Natalia smiled at them, saying, "Mom, Dad."
They looked at her with apologies.
"Forgive us, dear," Lucas said as he approached the bed.
Grace hugged Natalia and said sorry to her for everything they had done in the past few days.
"It was not your fault. You all were influenced. I should be sorry for losing my temper and saying those rubbish things,"
They shook their heads and said they would never have a daughter-in-law like her. She was more like a daughter to them.
"How is everyone?"
"Doctor Max treated them. Benjamin was in critical condition. But Doctor Max cured him too."
"That's a relief."
After a while, Natalia asked them, "Where is Adrian?"
"In the twin's room," Grace replied.
Natalia left her bedroom and walked toward the twin's room.
She stood at the door, which was slightly opened. She could see everything inside.
Adrian was inside with the twins.
Noah and Aria hugged his neck as he sat on the bed beside them.
"I am sorry. I could not keep your promises. Once again, I failed."
19
They shook their heads while hugging him tightly. "Mommy will understand you, Dad," Noah said like a mature kid.
"I knew Dad was ill. That is why he was so distant from us. Dad is back," Aria said with a cheery voice and kissed his cheek.
Adrian kissed both of the children's heads.
When Natalia saw Adrian get out of bed, she left.
He walked out of the twin's room and toward the gallery.
Natalia followed him from a distance. He leaned over the railing and looked out the window.
After lighting a cigarette, he leaned against a wall and began to smoke.
When he turned his head and noticed her approaching, he threw the cigarette. It was as if he had learned that
smoking in front of a pregnant woman was harmful to both her and the child's health.
Natalia saw him lowering his head. She came to a halt in front of him.
He was trying to avoid her gaze.
Natalia sighed and lifted her hand. She placed her hand on his chest, above his shirt. His muscles tensed at her touch.
She noticed his handsome face with no wound on his forehead.
"How are the wounds on your back?" she inquired softly.
"Left," he murmured.
"How?"
"It wasn't that powerful. It was only remaining on my skin due to the spell."
"Oh,"
She fell silent. He, too, remained silent.
When she noticed he was not breaking the silence, she slowly wrapped her hands around him and hugged him. "Natalia, I don't deserve you."
She raised her head to look at him. "What?"
He looked at her and lifted his hand. He caressed her cheek with his knuckles and murmured,
"I failed to keep you happy. You have always been there for me and have saved my life when I was about to die. But I-"
"Ssshhh."
She pressed her finger against his lips and said,
"It was not your fault. You did nothing intentionally. By the way, you saved me tonight, so we are even."
He shook his head, averting his gaze away from her. "I tried to keep my calm. But I had no idea when I lost myself and hurt you."
Natalia cupped his checks and made him turn to face her. He looked at her eyes; slowly, his gaze shifted to her lips. She smiled and kissed him first.
He immediately wrapped his hand around her, turned them around, and pressed her against the wall.
He kissed her with all the heartache he was experiencing.
When he broke the kiss, he whispered to her:
"If I give you pain again, don't think about anything twice and kill me, okay?"
She chuckled as she nodded her head. "Okay, my Alpha. But I know how much you love me. You will never hurt me intentionally."
She then hugged him tightly with a smile on her face.
###
Chapter 531
Days passed as the delivery date of Natalia's child was coming.
Things had changed in Natalia's life in the last few months.
Everyone was doting on her. The person who cared for her the most was her husband.
Adrian always came home early to spend time with Natalia and his children. He said he wanted to give most of his time to Natalia during her pregnancy period.
Natalia had noticed Adrian's growing impatience to see his baby in recent months. His face was always lit up with excitement.
She used to have this dream when she was pregnant a few years ago.noveldrama
Adrian never allowed her to do any work. He was always curious about her preferences for food and activities. He even canceled his meetings whenever she felt sick. When she was down, he always surprised her with a gift to lift her spirits.
He did not pass up any opportunity to spoil her. In fact, her own family claimed Adrian had spoiled her too much. She felt as if everything was a dream, and she wanted to stay in it forever.
"Adrian, I can walk by myself," Natalia said as she chuckled.
She and Adrian were currently strolling through the garden. Aria and Noah trailed behind them.
Adrian walked with Natalia's arm in his hand. When Natalia refused, Noah spoke from the back.
"Dad, lift Mommy into your arms."
Natalia turned her head and glared at Noah. Noah laughed along with Aria.
"Look at these two kids! You two are exactly like your Dad."
Adrian slowly moved his hands up, lifting her into his arms. She gasped when he lowered her head and kissed her cheek.
"They are my blood. Of course, they will be like me."
Natalia blushed while feeling embarrassed in front of her children.
"Adrian, put me down. I can walk by myself."
"Your doctor said you needed to get some fresh air. She never said you had to walk. I can carry you like this all day and you will feel the fresh air, you know."
"Ad-Aaahhh!"
Natalia was about to tell him to let go, but she felt pain in her lower abdomen.
Adrian froze as well as the children.
"What happened to Mommy?" Aria said, and she started to cry.
Noah looked at Natalia and asked, "Mommy, are you okay?"
Adrian dashed out of the garden and headed for the main door. He wanted to visit the doctor at the pack hospital.
His parents were standing in the living room, shocked. "It is her labor pain!" Grace spoke out.
Adrian rushed to his car and got in with Natalia. When his driver remained motionless, he growled at him.
"Start the fucking car. Drove fast to the pack hospital. Can't you see your Luna is in pain?" "Y-Yes, Alpha."
The driver started the car, and soon they reached the pack hospital.
Natalia gripped Adrian's neck, tears streaming down her cheeks.
As soon as the doctors learned of their Luna, they hurried to him.
They quickly brought her to the operating room.
The red light over the door caught Adrian's attention. His heart was pounding as he was waiting for the doctor to come out.
His parents and his officials arrived at the hospital. Patric stated that they had informed Natalia's parents, as well as Jason and his wife, Hazel.
They married one week after the incident. Their baby boy was born one month ago. Hazel was pregnant before Natalia, so her child was born first.
Lucas gazed at his son. He patted Adrian's shoulder and said,
"I know the feeling, Adrian. I felt the same when you were born."
Adrian nodded at him, feeling impatient. He was worried for his wife to see if she was okay. Before his child, he was concerned about his wife.
After a while, the red light turned off, and the doctor emerged.
Adrian looked at the doctor and asked, "How is she?"
The doctor smiled as she motioned to the nurse. A nurse came out with a child in her hands.
The doctor handed over the child to Adrian and said,
"Congratulations, Alpha. It's a baby girl"
Adrian held the child against his chest before glancing inside the room. "How is she?" he asked again.
"Luna is completely fine," the doctor confirmed as she stepped aside to let him in.
As Adrian went inside the room, everyone stayed outside with smiles on their faces. They let the two of them see each other first.
Natalia was lying on the bed with her eyes closed.
Adrian approached the bed and sat on the edge.
"Did you see the child? She looks like you," he said, gazing at the child.
The child was smiling at her father. Adrian kissed her forehead and brushed his nose against hers.
At that time, Natalia opened her eyes and saw the scene. She was awake and heard him.
Adrian looked at her and smiled at her.
"We became Mom and Dad again."
She nodded her head, glancing at the baby. Adrian moved the child closer to her. She placed a kiss on her forehead.
Adrian put the child in Natalia's arms and hugged her.
"Thank you for trusting me and being with me," Adrian said.
Natalia turned her head and kissed his cheek before replying,
"Aside from Alpha Adrian, who can handle an Alpha female like me? I will always be with you."
###
Chapter 532 Happy Ending Part: 1
A Few Months Later
"I, Adrian Miller, Alpha King, declare Natalia Miller to be the Luna and Queen of my packs."noveldrama
Everyone applauded when Adrian placed the crown on Natalia's head.
Natalia gave Adrian a smile. He wore a black robe embroidered with spells designed by the coven of the Black Haw pack. They sent it as a present to embrace their new head Alpha.
Natalia lifted her white gown and descended from the stage, clutching Adrian's arm.
It reminded her of her wedding day.
Hazel and Jason came toward them and hugged each other.
"Where is John?" Natalia asked about their child.
They pointed to Jade, who was holding their child, while Grace stood next to her, holding Natalia and Adrian's child, Adelia.
The two women appeared to be the happiest women in the world today.
"Alpha Adrian, Luna Natalia,"
They turned around after hearing a familiar voice.
It was Alpha Wade. Beside him was Tyra, Eric's mate. During their conversation, Alpha Wade said,
"I am planning to marry Tyra off soon."
Natalia's eyes widened. "To whom?"
Adrian gave Alpha Wade a curious gaze as he remembered he had already talked to him about Beta Eric. "Of course, with Beta Eric."
Eric was near them and knew about it. Tyra blushed and moved in another direction.
Natalia chuckled at her reaction. Her gaze shifted to Liana, who she had not expected to see.
She rushed over and hugged her. "Long time, Liana."
Liana was stunned. "Luna, I did not think you would still be so humble to me."
Natalia frowned at her. "Don't you know me?"
Liana nodded at her and replied, "I know you. That's why I came here."
"Where is Lily?"
"With Max. There they are."
Natalia met with them. Adrian joined her as he greeted Max and Lily.
"You helped us a lot, Doctor Max," Adrian said to Max as they were talking while looking at their women.
"Whenever she needs me, I will always come forward. You know that," Max replied.
Adrian nodded his head with a smile. "I know."
Adrian and Natalia both had their gaze drawn to Qadir, who greeted them with nods. Hazel had been with him since she found out he was her grandfather.
Denis Leighton approached them and bowed his head.
"Alpha, Luna. It's a pleasure to see you both together."
"Denis, how are you doing?" Adrian asked.
Natalia stared at the old man, feeling mesmerized by his calm appearance. He was even older than Qadir.
"I am fine, Alpha. The pack is truly happy after getting you as their head Alpha."
"Where is your son?" Natalia asked.
"He is getting married in a few days. Hope you will come to bless him."
"Of course, we will come."
After greeting everyone, Natalia and Adrian walked over to their parents. Natalia kissed Adelia's head.
Noah and Aria ran to them. Adrian picked both of them up in his strong arms.
"Have you had your dinner yet?" he asked.
They nodded as they replied in unison.
"Yes, Dad."
Natalia smiled while looking at her delighted family. This was all she wanted in her life.
###
Chapter 533 Happy Ending Part: 2
After the crown ceremony,
Natalia glanced at Grace, considering taking Adelia to the bedroom.
"Mom, you must be tired from holding her."
"No, it's okay. Amanda was there with me all the time."
Natalia moved her hand up. "She is asleep. You can—"
Adrian came over to her and stopped her. "You can leave her to Mom. I am sure she can handle her. You look worn out anyway."
Natalia was stunned. She shot him a look. Adrian shrugged his shoulders and walked up the stairs.
"Mom, don't listen to him."
Grace shook her head and replied, "He is right. You were very busy throughout the day. Take a rest tonight. I will take care of Adelia."
Natalia let out a sigh and agreed to her. She glanced at the sleeping baby and went to the bedroom.
When she entered the bedroom, she found the whole room was empty.
She shut the door and took off her crown. She carefully placed it inside the closet, next to the dagger.
As she finished removing all of her jewelry, the bathroom door opened.
She turned her head only to find Adrian getting out of the bathroom. A towel was wrapped around his waist. She gulped, her gaze drawn to the water drops that fell from his wet hair to his chest, sliding along his abs.
He smirked at her. "Like the view?"
She rolled her eyes before turning around. She was actually trying to hide her blush from him.
He walked up to her and hugged her from behind.
Kissing her on her neck, he whispered, "You look hot tonight, my Luna."
She pushed his hands and mumbled, "Didn't you say I am worn out? Let me sleep tonight?"
After saying that, she tried to run away from him. But he grabbed her hand and pulled her closer to him. He picked her up in his arms and walked toward the bed.
Natalia did not resist as she wrapped her hands around his neck.
Adrian climbed on her, pressing her against the bed.
"Let you sleep? From now on, I will take your sleep away from your eyes, my Luna."
He smashed his lips against hers. She kissed him back. During the kiss, she moaned softly.noveldrama
His hands moved around her soft body, feeling blessed to have her as his.
Within minutes, he stripped them of their clothes and tossed them to the floor.
They had done it many times before, but Natalia still felt shy whenever he looked at her intensely.
"Adrian!"
She moaned his name every time he thrust inside her. He knew where her tender spot was and kept hitting her there to give her the pleasure she deserved.
"Natalia."
He groaned when he felt himself close. She was the only person he wanted to be with in his life.
He was insanely in love with her.
Every day, he demonstrated it by treating her with respect at work, and every night, he proved it by ruining her in bed.
After so many rounds of the two Alphas, they closed their eyes while hugging their bodies under the blanket. Adrian stared at her as she closed her eyes. He pushed the hair behind her ear, moving it out of her face.
Grinning at her, he turned his head and planted a kiss on her cheek.
"Luna Natalia, never leave my side."
She was not asleep as she heard everything. She nodded her head and opened her eyes. She moved to kiss his lips, causing him to be surprised.
"I will remember that, Alpha Adrian."
###
Chapter 534 Happy Ending Part: 3
FOUR YEARS LATER
Under the leadership of Alpha and Luna, the Crystal Pack had grown into a formidable pack. Everyone used to be afraid of Alpha Adrian, but after his Luna joined him, the fear doubled because they were the power couple in the werewolf world.
"Luna Natalia,"
The maids bowed to the stunning woman as she walked glamorously through the corridors. She gave them nods as she passed them.
Other Lunas were envious of her, finding it hard to believe a woman could possess such powerful abilities. She was an Alpha female and not only that, she was giant like her mate.
It was as if they were both moon children, destined to be together forever.
In the past few years, Natalia has experienced every stage of her life with her husband, and time has passed very slowly with each passing year. Her life had completely changed. Her opinions, her way of thinking, her way of talking, her etiquette, and many other things had changed. However, what did not change was her heart. She cared about her pack members, and it was the best thing in her that made her a successful Luna.
Even Alphas trembled at the thought of opposing her rule.
It was the time of afternoon,
Natalia came out of the pack house and saw Lucas and Grace looking somewhere. They were sitting on the white steel benches outside the pack house, having tea and snacks.
They chuckled as they saw something pleasing, Natalia went to sit with them, turning her attention to where they were looking.
A smile formed on her lips when her eyes landed on the man, who was in a white sleeveless t-shirt and brown pants. He was playing with his children. There were twins who were laughing beside him while he was holding a four-year-old baby girl in his arms.
That little girl was Adelia, Adrian, and Natalia's third child.noveldrama
Natalia realized that Adrian wanted to have another child just to feel her pregnancy and took care of her during that time. He told her that he wanted to experience the time when he would hold his little children in his arms when she was born.
Indeed, he took care of her really well. Surprisingly, she had no difficulty delivering that child. That child came into this world with so much love and care.
Sometimes Natalia felt bad for Aria and Noah because they could not get it.
However, Adrian always gave them time, so they did not have to feel bad about it. They had their father with them now.
In comparison to the other kids, Aria and Noah matured quite well. They had a strong affection for their younger sister.
The little child brought joy to the pack house, which made Lucas and Grace extremely happy. They always played with her, spending their days together.
Suddenly, Adrian's eyes caught Natalia's gaze. He whispered something in Adelia's ear. When Aria and Noah started to play in the corner, Adrian made his way toward Natalia.
"She wants you," Adrian said, handing her over to Natalia.
Natalia held Adelia and kissed her on the forehead. "What happened, baby? Don't you like to play with your dad?" Adelia hugged her neck and said,
"Mommy, Dad's mood is off. Go out with him."
Natalia froze when she heard her. She glanced at Adrian, who shrugged his shoulders as if he did not know anything.
Lucas and Grace smiled at Natalia and said,
"How long will you keep yourself busy at work? Give your husband some time, too."
"Mom, Dad, you know the day after tomorrow is a pack meeting,"
"No need to worry about it. I'm also going with my wife; why not go out with your Alpha?"
Beta Patric's voice reached their ears, and they turned their heads.
Beta Patric walked towards them, accompanied by a woman. She was Lucia, Beta Patric's mate and wife.
Lucia leaned down and hugged Natalia, then took a seat next to them.
Natalia had a very good bond with Lucia. She had a good relationship with other officials' wives too.
All of them are married now.
Her brother, Jason, was happy with Hazel, who was very caring towards her brother and her parents. She was a good Luna, too.
Eric also married his mate, Tyra. They were also living happily.
"Okay, fine," Natalia replied to Beta Patric.
Patric winked at Adrian, who rolled his eyes.
In the evening,
Natalia got ready to go out with Adrian. She wore a long black gown that was sleeveless and backless.
As she put on light makeup, she let her hair down and wore black high heels.
When she left her room and went to the living room, she said goodbyes to others. Everyone praised her beauty.
She thanked them with a smile and walked out of the pack house.
She saw Adrian leaning against his car. When he saw her, he opened the car door for her.
She got inside, and he came to the driver's seat. He started the car and glanced at her.
"I am still angry with you, okay?" Adrian said while driving.
"So?" she asked, trying to tease him more.
Last night, he kissed her in front of the kids, which was why Natalia scolded him in front of them.
"So stop looking so pretty, hot, and sexy in front of me, okay?"
Natalia could not help but laugh at what he said.
He scoffed at her. "These days, I have to persuade the children to take you out. It's not fair to me. Now don't laugh with your sweet and soft lips. I am mad at you. Can't you see that?"
Natalia bit her lower lip to control her laugh. She waited for him to drive them to the destination he had decided on.
When he took her to the port, she was completely taken aback. He parked his car and got out. He walked to the door and opened it for her. He extended his hand to her, and she accepted it immediately.
He led her in front of a beautifully decorated yacht.
"Are we going to spend the night here?" she asked, surprised to see the bed inside.
"No, I am going to punish you here all night."
Natalia turned to him after she boarded the yacht.
As the captain began to steer the yacht, Natalia smiled and looked around as she took in her surroundings.
She moved to the opposite side, where the bed was adorned with flowers, champagne, and food. Watching the tides from a distance, she stood on the side. The sky was full of stars, and in the middle of them was the moon.
Adrian approached her and stood next to her. She turned to face him and noticed his sullen expression.
She leaned closer to him and cupped his cheek. A stunning ring shaped like a moonflower sparkled on her finger.
She tilted her head and kissed his cheek. "I am sorry, my love."
As if her one kiss had quenched his rage, he grinned at her and pulled her closer to him.
The night sky was breathtaking, and they were engulfed in each other's embrace as they kissed.
Immediately after they broke the kiss, Natalia placed her hand on his chest.
"I consider myself lucky to have you in my life, Adrian. I have no regrets about falling for you years ago. It feels like everything we have gone through was part of our destiny, leading us to discover our true selves,"
While holding her in his arms, Adrian kissed her forehead.
"You are my mate, and I am lucky to have this fate. I swear that we will never be apart and that we will always be this way."
Natalia hugged Adrian tightly and said,
"I love you so much, Adrian."
Adrian hugged her back. With a smile on his face, he replied,
"I love you too, Natalia. You will always be the queen of my heart."
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!
