
###chapter 1: Abandoned
********
Cast out and killed by her prince, Laura is reborn by the Moon Goddess. Now, returning to the palace, she faces her treacherous ex-husband... and finds forbidden love and destiny with the one man she shouldn't desire: the King, his father. Vengeance or throne? Her fate awaits. 
********
There wasn't any time to lose.
Sarah held her skirts and ran through the orchard outside Cynthia Castle to find Laura. Since the king's wife died years ago, the position of luna had been vacant. Prince Basil married Laura to fill that role and help manage the kingdom while King Adolph led the war against the vampires.
Many had been skeptical of Laura due to her origin, but Sarah had remained faithfully in her service since her appointment. In her opinion, marrying Laura was the only thing Prince Basil had ever done right.
Now, he had gone and done *this*. 
She pushed herself to run faster. She had to tell Laura, to warn her somehow and help her prepare. Maybe Laura could figure out a way out of it if she just had enough time.
"My Luna?! Luna Laura, where are you?"
Sarah skidded and stumbled, barely missing crashing into a tree when she found Laura on a ladder in the orchard overseeing the harvest of fresh fruit.
"Luna Laura, thank god, I found you! Prince Basil, he--"
"Calm down, Sarah." Laura climbed down the ladder. "I am not worried about Basil right now. I need to make sure that these fruits and vegetables get to the border safely."
"You don't have to do it yourself! Why not entrust it to the human merchants? You are our Most Honorable Luna."
Laura shook her head, "Now, that the king is fighting vampires on the border, time is critical. We can't afford to give the enemy any opportunities to poison the food. Even if Basil is against me doing so..." She paused with a bitter laugh and a reluctant smile on her face. "What's the point of working so hard?"
"Prince Basil is holding a banquet in the palace, inviting all the nobles--"
"What?!"
Laura turned, her grey dress whirling around her as she dashed back towards the castle. Sarah followed hoping to finish her explanation, or at least get her ready to face the nobles. 
"My Luna, wait!"
Music filled the air. The scent of fresh wine and roasted meat drifted out of the hall with laughter. The servants had spent all morning scrubbing and polishing the lavish hall until every piece of gold and every crystal twinkled with the grand luxury the Cynthia castle had. 
Laura stood just beyond the marble pathway leading into the ballroom through the gardens, trembling with fury.
"How could he"
Their king, Basil's father, was leading his soldiers on the border for their lives and the freedom of every wolf in his kingdom, but Basil was wasting money and precious food on such a lavish banquet. 
If she had known sooner, she could have stopped it before it began, but the guests had already arrived, and the band was playing. She felt a sting on her pride for being so out of the loop. 
For a few moments, she watched them whirl around on the dance floor, adorned in fine jewelry and silk. Every woman's ears twinkled with gems and every man's shoes gleamed with fresh polish. 
"My Luna, please, let's"
A noble turned and sneered at her, freezing Laura in place and reminding her of what her life had once been as a part of the Emerald Twilight pack as little more than one of the many. It made her think of Basil's disregard for her and her efforts too. 
She was luna, yet even the nobility did not respect her.
Her gaze dropped. With horror, she remembered she was still in her plain gray dress, stained with grass and mud from working. She was the luna of the kingdom. She couldn't be seen at a noble event dressed like a peasant! Quickly, she turned to escape before anyone could see or recognize her, but she was stopped by a familiar, cold voice. 
"What an eyesore," he drawled. She bristled at his cold tone, dripping with sarcasm and disgust. "What are you wearing? How could you bring such shame to the kingdom dressed like that?"
She debated for a moment continuing her escape, but the nobles nearby had already begun to whisper, snicker. She could imagine their sneering faces and what they would say if she fled now. She straightened her spine and turned to face him, but the sight of the woman on Basil's arm struck her like a dagger in her chest. 
Basil was as handsome as his father was and young. His dark eyes were cold in his face, yet they only highlighted his rugged features. Even his haughty sneer seemed crafted by the goddess to entice. The she-wolf on his arm was draped in all the fine silk and jewels Laura should have been wearing. In fact, Delia was wearing one of her dresses and a set of jewelry the king had gifted her the year before. Her face heated seeing her in her clothes. 
They looked so lovely together, and Laura had never felt so out of place. She didn't think she could ever feel as common and unworthy as she did right then.
It was all *her* fault.
Delia had been picked up by the patrol in the forest outside the Imperial City half a month ago. Injured and seemingly helpless, she claimed that she came from a very remote pack and had been attacked by rogues on the outskirts. She begged for sanctuary within the imperial city. Basil took pity on the poor girl and brought her back to the castle, but how could they have become so close so quickly?
How had she not noticed the woman inserting herself where Laura should have been?
She almost laughed. She had been so busy attending to the duties of being the luna that she had not attended to being a very good wife, and Basil had simply found something like a replacement.
The nobles leaned into the archway, watching the scene unfold. Humiliation churned her stomach and despair began to fill her chest and clench her heart. She was his wife, his mate, and served the kingdom as the luna. How could he have Delia on his arm so proudly in front of the court? How could he humiliate her like this? Had there not been one moment of consideration for her?
She shoved the thought aside and straightened her spine. No matter what, she was luna. Her pride and duty had to come first. 
"We are in the midst of war. Why would you throw such an extravagant party?"
A noble gasped and it rippled through the guests nearby. 
Basil's eyes hardened as he bared his teeth, "You think too much of yourself to ask me such a thing. It is my right to do as I please in my castle."
"But, I am your luna. We rule this kingdom and castle together while the king is on the border. I have every right to know. Our army is still at war with the vampires. We can't afford to spend so much money--"
"You were not born to be the luna!" Basil yelled, angrily, "I have allowed you to fill the role until now. How dare you tell me what to do!"
Delia wrapped her arms around Basil, speaking softly, "Please, my Prince. Think of the guests"
Basil's fury vanished as he turned to Delia. His eyes were soft and his smile was sweet. It turned Laura's stomach. Could a she-wolf from an unknown pack truly be so much better than her?
"Of course, my love. Such wise words. Truly, you are the one." He turned back to glare at Laura. She flinched at the anger in his eyes. "Look at yourself. You are more like a maid of the castle than my luna. Don't mention the budget problems to me. Everyone knows you spend more money on useless projects. If I were you, I'd be too ashamed to show up!"
Everything she did was for the kingdom, for Basil. How could he not see that? 
"I-I just--"
"You are *nothing*."
Laura lowered her head. She knew that. Basil didn't need to tell her, yet she had striven to rise above that. Three years of hard work had yielded nothing.
Would it ever mean anything?
"Though I am glad you have shown your wretched face and spared me the trouble of having you fetched." Basil lifted his nose, "Prepare to leave at once. Soon, I will announce Delia as my mate and the one I will love for the rest of my life."
Laura gasped, her eyes bulging as her worst nightmare became real. Leave? Basil loved Delia? She knew there had never been love between them. She knew she was only Basil's marked mate, but this was too much.
"Delia will be the luna of the kingdom. As for you, Laura Hamiltion, I care not what happens to you after our divorce."
Her jaw trembled and her eyes burned with tears. She had been luna and Basil's wife for three years. She had led the kingdom alongside him while the king was away with all the grace and proper care. 
Basil couldn't just throw her away like dinner scraps!
"You can't--"
She choked and stumbled in shock as their bond broke. It was so fragile like all marked mate bonds were. It had cost him nothing to destroy it, yet it had cost her everything.
"No No. You c-can't." She wailed. "You can't!"
Basil turned. His eyes were cold and merciless. 
His voice was almost happy as he smirked at her, "I told you. I will do as I please. You are not even fit to be a spare maid in my castle. Now, get out of my castle!"


###chapter 2: Run
*He can't.*
Her heart clenched. Laura couldn't believe what she was hearing. 
The past three years couldn't have been meaningless to him. Even if they didn't mean as much to him as they meant to her, they had to have meant something!
Sarah stepped forward, bowed low and beseeching, "Your Highness, our Luna--" 
"Don't call her luna!" Basil snarled. "She doesn't deserve that title! Seize her!"
Sarah flinched and screamed in terror as Basil's soldiers advanced on her and dragged her away from the opulent hall. 
"Wait!" Laura cried, "How can you--"
"Your Majesty, please!" Sara cried, struggling against the soldiers. 
"Move!" 
"You can't do this to me!"
Laura reached for her, but another group of soldiers blocked her path as Sarah disappeared into the shadows still struggling. Her cries filled Laura with grief. 
She had only ever had Sarah on her side. Most of the nobles shared Basil's contempt for her lowly status. The few who didn't were too bound in politics to go against Basil's orders. Who could she turn to?
She turned to see Gavin Mirabelle, Basil's grandfather and the most powerful minister of the kingdom. He had only ever held Laura in contempt. His smile was triumphant as if he had finally gotten rid of a long-standing obstacle.
She looked up at the soldiers who blocked her path. Their eyes were full of sympathy and discomfort. 
"Lu--" One of them cleared his throat, "Miss, go back to your pack. Your things will be packed and sent to you."
Would they not even give her a horse to ride?
Even if they did, where would she go?
She had been Basil's marked mate and Luna for three years. King Adolph had been unable to leave the war front and had left Basil in charge of the kingdom's affairs, but Basil had not met his mate. He and the ministers had been desperate to find someone to help shoulder the burden and held a grand ball hoping to find a suitable marked mate.
At the time, she had been a mateless beta of the Emerald Twilight Pack, a completely unremarkable pack within the kingdom. Her parents refused to even consider Laura as their heir and sent her to the ball with the hopes to solve the problem of their wretched daughter and their low status in one stroke.
She remembered the awe she'd felt seeing the castle and wearing the new dress her parents had bought her. She smiled at everyone and had been exceedingly polite. She spoke with the brightest nobles of the kingdom and thought she had proven herself worthy enough to garner a personal meeting with Basil.
He had been attracted to her, yet disparaging of her status. She could not blame him. She was an ordinary beta from an ordinary pack and he was the heir to the kingdom. Despite her shortcomings, he had chosen her and she had fallen for his handsome face and the thought that he believed she could stand beside him. She had been so foolishly happy to marry him and find some measure of use and worth in his eyes.
She thought her parents meant the best for her, but she learned quickly that they only meant the best for themselves. Her marriage had only ever been a means to gain more money and status. For a while, she tried to give them what they wanted, thinking they might love her, but what little she could do was never enough and more would have jeopardized the kingdom's stability. 
Given the choice between her parents and the kingdom,  she sent them back to the Emerald Twilight Pack and never spoke to them again, devoting herself to her duties as luna and striving to be worthy of the title and her place at Basil's side. 
Then, she learned the truth. 
She had not earned her private audience with Basil. Her parents had paid for it by bribing the ministers to push her to the front of the line. 
Basil had never cared who his marked mate was. He had only wanted a beautiful woman on his arm. She wasn't even sure if he cared about the position of luna other than to have someone obey him. 
Looking back, it was so obvious. He'd only been happy when she gave in during their arguments even if she knew she was right. 
After learning the truth, she thought she could work to take the sting of it away, but it had only pushed her to do more. She had thought there had to be something she could do to make Basil see her as a worthy partner despite her birth status. 
For three years, she hosted mating banquets, built hospitals and shelters for wolves who had lost mates in the war, built schools for war orphans, and pushed to reclaim the farmland around the imperial city. She had done so much, gave so much to try and live up to the title she had been given
But for what?
Delia would soon be Basil's wife and luna, wearing Laura's gowns, hanging on his arm being loved by him so effortlessly. 
And Laura? 
She had nowhere to go. 
She had *nothing*. 
She turned and fled down the marble path away from the candlelit jewels and whirling gowns, away from Basil and the last three years of her life. The trees passed in a blur. The longer she ran the more she could believe that the burning in her eyes was the wind instead of the tears. 
What good were her tears? Her efforts, looks, and devotion had been worthless. 
She was worthless in the end. 
She tripped and tumbled into the dirt, scraping her knee and tearing her gown. As she lay in the dirt, her despair turned to fury and frustration. 
For all that she has done for him, she was owed more courtesy! She had earned that much!
She could not blame him for rejecting her for his true mate, but how could he do this to her? She huffed, thinking back and feeling ridiculous. What else could she have expected of him after years of bucking his authority trying to prove something that was never meant to be?
*Don't call her luna! She doesn't deserve that title!*
She choked on a sob. She should have just stayed with her pack and been content with her life: wretched, worthless, and completely unremarkable.
She wasn't sure who to resent more: Basil, her parents, or herself for wishing for the impossible.
She let out a bitter laugh, "How stupid, Laura. How pathetic."
She sat up and found herself at the edge of a cliff she had never seen before. She must have run beyond the orchard and into the forest behind the castle. She stood and peered over the edge seeing the rushing river below, gleaming in the full moon's light. 
She lifted her gaze to the moon. When was the last time she had prayed? Perhaps this was all just punishment for her lack of piety. 
"Might you judge me fairly, goddess?"
She had been just a young girl with dreams of being of some worth in the world. She had just wanted to be a luna worthy to stand at Basil's side.
The wind blew cold around her and down into the canyon, carrying with it the scents of the orchard and maybe the hint of rich wine swirling around in a noble's glass.
She wondered if Delia had picked the wine, or if Basil had simply wanted to have the best of everything to announce finding his mate. Would her ideas be considered a waste of time and money?
Would Delia's ideas actually *be* a waste of time and money? She bet Basil would never tell Delia that her only merit was her looks. 
She shivered in the cold wind and forced those thoughts aside. None of that mattered now. 
She whispered to the wind. "Why am I here?"
*Don't be so dramatic, Alice,* her wolf, purred. *You're strong, capable, and smarter than those idiots. If that smelly jerk has a mate like Delia, our mate must be a man among men.*
Laura chuckled, bitterly. She wanted to resist the little blossom of joy that came with thinking of her fated mate, but she couldn't. It had always given her the courage to live even when it was hard.
She sniffled, "Maybe."
*We shouldn't waste our time mourning someone who will not mourn us and is not ours. Perhaps our mate is beyond the Imperial City*. 
She didn't think she could journey that far in a ripped gown and without provisions. Even if she had supplies, what about the vampires and all the rogues roaming outside the safety of the Imperial City?
Alice growled,*If you cannot believe in yourself, then at least trust your mate. He will find you. The goddess has not forsaken us. We are not far from the orchard. His Highness can spare a few days' worths of food*. 
Laura huffed, "First, rejected. Now, a thief?"
How far she had fallen. Still, Alice was right. There was nothing for her in the kingdom any longer. Perhaps beyond it, she would find where she belonged. 
She wiped her face and squared her shoulders. 
***Move!*** Alice screamed as Laura felt someone coming up behind her, yet it was too late. 
Cold hands force her forward before she could turn and look. The little strength she had in her legs vanished as she skidded over the edge and plunged headlong into terror knowing no one would hear her or care. 
She felt the scream leave her as the craggy rocks of the canyon's river rushed up to meet her. 
There was pain then darkness. 
Then, she was nothing.




###chapter 3: The Will of the Goddess
The darkness peeled back as Laura opened her eyes. There was no pain, her heart was calm, and she wasn't cold.  She should have been dead. She *had* been dead. She remembered the craggy rocks and the rushing river. The sharp pain in her neck had been the last thing she remembered before the dark had taken her. She remembered the beautiful paradise and the face of the goddess smiling at her.
So where was she now? 
The forest was quiet and beautiful. The sky was dark with night and filled with stars and constellations she had never seen, winking at her. Glowing blue birds landed on the grass and twittered at her as she sat up. Fish swam in the clear water of the lake nearby, peacefully moving through the gentle currents as the wind blew carrying the scent of blooming night flowers. A small brook carved through the earth until it reached the lake nearby, and Alice lay in her lap, seemingly sleeping. 
Laura stroked Alice's brilliant white fur with a trembling hand and found her warm to touch. She had never been able to touch her wolf this way before.
"Am I in heaven?"
"No," a gentle voice called. "You are in my realm."
Laura gasped. The woman was beautiful as she crossed the brook towards her,  gliding across the surface of the water like a spirit. Long, silver curls spiraled around her shoulders and her eyes were as black as the night sky. 
As she drew closer, Laura recognized the glinting phases of the moon embroidered on the hem of her skirt. She trembled, realizing who the woman had to be: the moon goddess.
She was so shocked she couldn't speak. Then, her despair welled up and overflowed as the woman kneeled beside her and she sobbed. 
"I-I--I just--" 
The words wouldn't come, stuck and choking on her grief, but the goddess, ever-loving and merciful, simply pulled her close and stroked her hair, allowing Laura to cry in her arms. 
She had never met her mate nor felt the love of her family or anyone. How could she have worked so hard simply to be abandoned and scorned for everything she had done? How could she have died so young after such a painful life? 
What had she done to deserve such a fate?
"I was never meant to be luna, but I tried I tried so hard, goddess. P-Please, I"
"I have seen you, Laura, my precious child" Her voice was so warm and comforting, Laura curled closer to her as Alice growled with contentment. "You have always been meant for a great destiny. The white wolf has always stood guard over the werewolf kingdom."
"But But I"
The goddess pulled back and wiped her tears, cupping her face in her warm hands and meeting her gaze. 
"You have simply been following a path not meant for you. You are the true luna."
Laura shook her head, "G-Goddess, I don't understand."
"You will," she said with a soft smile. "Your mission is not complete, young one. I am sending you back to where you belong so you may meet your fate."
Laura flinched, "I Goddess, I"
She frowned, "You do not wish to return?"
She didn't know. On the one hand, she wanted to escape the kingdom and the last three years. What did she owe the kingdom after everything she had given? Why would she ever want to leave such a beautiful paradise?
But what about her mate? She worried her lip anxiously. Would he search the world for her only to die of despair? If this was the afterlife, how could she face him when his time came knowing she had refused the chance for them to be together in this life? 
She wanted to live. She wanted all the happiness she was meant to have, but she didn't want the agony of the life she had left. 
"You fear walking that path again," the goddess said, her voice a bit amused. "You fear hiding your true self again trying to reach others' expectations."
Laura nodded, "I will never be good enough as I am."
The goddess laughed, "What could those greedy nobles know of your purpose? Of what it means to be my cherished child? You have only ever needed to be yourself. Luna is a path only you can determine, not one dictated by others."
Laura was shocked. 
"Fear not, little one." She smiled and pulled her and Alice into her arms, covering their eyes with her hands. "You will understand."
Laura wanted to protest, but the paradise vanished as she was plunged back into darkness.

*******
Laura opened her eyes again, yet she was not where she expected to be. Perhaps, she was dreaming of lying in the grass of a strange forest. Her chest pulsed with pain as she struggled to sit up. Something wet and sticky drew her gaze. It was hard to tell, but the pearly sheen of the berries' skins made her certain. They were sunberries, one of the deadliest poisons known to werewolves. She threw them away, smearing what she couldn't shake away on the grass and rolling away.
She cast her gaze around, searching for a way to wash the rest of the poison from her hand, and saw a small puddle of water nearby. Gritting her teeth, she dragged her body towards it and before she could plunge her hand into it, she gasped. 
The face reflected wasn't familiar to her. The young woman was pretty but younger than Laura. She frowned at her hand and wiggled her fingers. They weren't her hands either. 
What was happening? Who was she now?
Tentatively, she reached for Alice and found her there, stretching as if from a long sleep. 
Alice growled,*Well, she's pretty*.
Laura huffed and washed her hand as much as possible. She still felt shaky, but the tremors were easing slowly as the poison seemed to be leaving her new body. Why had she been sent into this girl's body and not her own?
You think our body survived falling into the canyon?  Laura winced. 
Alice had a point. 
*The poor girl's soul is gone. Maybe she was starving and didn't know they were poisonous*.
Grief struck her heart. To die so young for want of food of all things was such a tragedy. She offered a prayer for the young woman's soul and hoped she was enjoying the paradise of the goddess' realm. 
"Laura? Laura, where are you?" 
She looked back, frowning at the sound. It didn't sound quite right. 
"Laurel!" 
She was almost amused. At least the girl's name was pretty similar to her name. It would make it easier to remember. 
A woman with white hair, leaning forward with a hunched back, walked through the brush and looked at her.
Worry painted her features as she let out a sigh, "Oh Laurel, I've been looking for you! What are you doing here?"
"I I got a bit turned around."
"Honestly," the woman chided with a warm and almost maternal sigh. "Well, come along, child."
Laura-- No, *Laurel* stood and followed the old woman out of the forest. Slowly, the sounds of a small village became louder.
Most of the people on the streets were women. Some of them were elderly, and there were a few children, but she didn't see a single man over the age of majority. 
"Where are all the men?"
The old woman looked up at her, "Are you quite alright, dear?"
Laurel winced, "I may have hit my head when I tripped."
"They're off defending the kingdom against the vampires, child. With your father, of course."
Laurel nodded and followed the older woman. The village had to be that of a small pack located on the border of the werewolf kingdom. Laurel couldn't tell exactly which once, but she was sure she could figure it out a bit longer. 
"Aren't you going to return home?"
She smiled, trying to think of an excuse before shaking her head, "No, I wanted to give you something. Could you come with me?"
The old woman smiled, "I do love a good gift. Of course, dear!"
She let out a little sigh of relief. She wouldn't have to figure out a way to get information about her living situation without giving away the fact that she wasn't Laurel. So far, so good. With any luck, the old woman would let slip all the other information she needed to know. 
Who was her father?
When would he come back? What about her mother?
Did Laurel have siblings?
The old woman walked ahead of her until they neared a small wooden house. It wasn't luxurious, but it was homey, cozy in a way she never thought a house could be. Though she was a bit wary about picking up the life Laurel had left behind, she took a deep breath and reminded herself that she had escaped her wretched death and the goddess had given her a second chance. 
She was going to start her new life here. 

###chapter 4: Laurel Miller
The house was small, much smaller than the room she used to live in in the castle. Filled with a few odds and ends, Laurel had been a young woman living on the edge of poverty. Did she have no skills or was she simply in a pack that frowned upon female wolves doing much outside the house?
The old woman sat at the small table with a smile as Laurel looked around for something to give her. She found a basket with a few fruits inside and offered it to the woman. 
"As thanks."
The old woman shook her head, pushing the basket back towards her. 
"You are too thin as it is! You should eat more."
Laurel smiled as her heart clenched with warmth. The old woman was strange, but she cared for Laurel. The old woman shook her head and stood. 
"Come for dinner sometimes, hm?" She said and stood. "I should head back before I am missed."
Laurel walked her to the door, "Thank you. I will repay you someday."
The old woman waved her hand dismissively, "Don't be ridiculous, Laurel."
She left and Laurel closed the door behind her with a little chuckle. She turned back to the small house and walked to the window looking to the backyard. Flowers grew along the edge of the garden, fragrant blooms that filled the air with a gentle scent. She smiled, amused at the laurel growing beside the small vegetable patch. 
The house was neat and seemed to only house her and her father, yet it seemed he had not been home in quite some time. 
She wondered when in time she had been returned and how long the war with the vampires had been going on this time. She shook her head. The vampires, the war, and all the happenings of the court were no longer her concern. 
She was Laurel, not Laura Hamiltion, the former luna. The thought comforted her as she crossed the small room to the table to straighten the pile of papers. She didn't recognize the handwriting, but they were mostly from a Jack Miller. 
*Dearest Daughter* 
Laurel smiled and took the pages to the table to read. Jack Miller was her father's name, making her Laurel Miller. There were at least twenty letters in the pile asking after Laurel's health and her daily life. Her eyes burned at the warmth of his words. 
*I wish more than anything that I wasn't on the front lines. As soon as the vampires are subdued, I'll teach you how to hunt, just as I promise. In the meantime, I've asked Amanda to look after you. Try not to cause her too much grief, my little mischief-maker.*
Laurel figured the old woman was Amanda and she chuckled. She wondered what sort of mischief Laurel made. His tone seemed teasing rather than scolding, so perhaps he was joking. She really didn't know how to read it. Laura's father had been cold and distant since she manifested, but perhaps, she would learn more if she read the rest of the letters.
*Be safe, my darling daughter. I pray every night for your safety. A young woman without her father must look after herself with great care. There is no telling what trouble could befall you.
Do not fear Lucas. You have my blessing to marry whomever you wish. Lucas may be the next alpha of the pack, but he is a coward and a deserter. When I return, I will straighten him out for harassing you like this. Go stay with Amanda if you feel that he is a great threat to you. Even he has some respect for the elderly*. 
She sniffled, touched and awed by Jack and his relationship with his daughter. The guilt of knowing that his Laurel was gone from this world stung. Her parents had arranged her marriage for power and money regardless of Laura's happiness. They did not need to marry her off in such a way except to sate their greed, but Jack, a man living on the very border of the kingdom seemingly with very little to his name, was allowing her to marry as she wished!
Her awe and envy warred within her before she set the letters aside. Jack's Laurel was dead, but she would be Laurel, take care of Jack in her stead, and enjoy the chance she had been given. She folded the letters carefully and put them away before heading back into the forest to hunt. 
The young woman who had died in the forest had not learned to hunt, but Laura had mastered hunting before she died. She ran through the forest with Alice, laughing as she ran through the forest as a brilliant white wolf and caught a few rabbits to cook and eat with some vegetables from the patch behind the house. 
Sated and happy, she curled up in her little bed and thanked the goddess for her new life before slipping into a peaceful sleep.

*******
The days in the small village were peaceful. She learned that the village was that of the Sapphire Lake Pack, named for the lake near the village that was as blue and as clear as a finely mined sapphire. It was a remote village. The nearest town was a few miles away and it was at least a week's ride from the Imperial City, but it was beautiful, nestled in the shadow of two great mountains and settled at the bottom of the valley. 
It was nothing like the Emerald Twilight Pack's town, and Laurel was grateful for it. 
Like most packs on the border, most of the young men had joined the war efforts. The women took care of the children and the transportation of food and supplies. 
After checking and rechecking her message, Laurel delivered her letter to the village postman. 
He looked troubled as he looked down at the letter. 
"Is everything okay?"
"Of course," he said and placed the letter in his bag. "I just haven't heard from that rascal in a while."
Laurel's jaw trembled at the jolt of terror, but he smiled and waved his hand dismissively. 
"I'm sure he's fine. Probably just busy giving those fanged bastards hell! You'll see. The war will be over soon with King Adolph the Invincible leading them!"
*King Adolph the Invincible* Laurel nodded and averted her gaze. She remembered that name. 
She'd married Basil so quickly that the king had not been able to come back for the ceremony. Basil had been so upset about his father's absence that he had not even spent the night with her to consummate their marriage. The war had seemed to escalate after that, so Laura had never met her father-in-law. 
She left the postman in much worse spirits than she had come, tracing through her memories of the palace and trying to push them away. 
She was Laurel Miller now, a seventeen-year-old woman living alone while waiting for her father to return from the front lines, not Laura Hamiltion, former luna and abandoned marked mate of a prince. 
The Imperial City was so many miles away. Basil and any concerns of the court were a lifetime ago. She needed to focus on her present. She hadn't run into her mate in the Sapphire Lake Pack, but maybe he was on the battlefield with her father, fighting for their safety. 
She wondered if he was handsome and brave, rushing into battle with the strength of a great warrior. Maybe he was a general of some sort? An archer? Maybe he was a scout or a spy. Her face warmed as her imagination ran wild and she picked up her pace, whistling into the wind.
Who is that? Alice asked. She looked up as she approached her home and stopped. A tall, lanky man stood in front of her front door, holding the extra rabbit she had hunted the day before. She had planned to give it to Amanda as a gift. 
What right did he have to take her things and who was he?
He looked up, seeing her, and lifted the rabbit as he glared at her. His tone was harsh and angry. 
"Who gave you this?" He hissed, marching towards her. Laurel stumbled back, frightened as he approached her in such a state. She turned, wanting to escape, but he caught her by her arm. She cried out as he jerked closer and shoved the rabbit in her face. "You can't hunt. Someone must have given it to you. How dare you cheat on me with another man!"
Cheat on him? She wasn't courting anyone. Surely, Jack would have mentioned a suitor by name if there was one, but there wasn't a single mention of one in any of the letters she'd found. Her heart raced, but she lifted her chin, defiantly. 
If Laurel had been courting such a man, it was for the best that she cut it off now, anyway. 
*He's not our mate*, Alice huffed. 
"What are you talking about?" She pulled free of his grasp, "Who are you?"
He sneered at her, "I'm Lucas, your future husband."
###chapter 5: War’s End

*Lucas*, Alice growled in contempt. 
Laurel's lips curled in disgust and she sneered at him. This was the coward her father wrote about. Fury filled her. 
"I would *never* marry you."
Lucas barked a laugh, "Don't be so silly. I'm the best option of the pack! I don't care that you're not my mate."
His words struck her in her chest, and for a moment, she saw Basil and Delia, dressed in fine clothing and sneering at her. Her stomach roiled.
He smirked, "You're pretty enough. When I become alpha, you'll be my luna."
Her nausea heaved and she fought it back with her anger. Who the hell did he think he was? Who the hell had Basil thought he was? Prince or not, he was an arrogant, stupid man. Lucas was nowhere near as attractive, influential, or important.
She bared her teeth, "No one wants to be your damn luna!"
Lucas licked his lips, his eyes turned heated as he dragged his gaze over her body, sending a fresh wave of nausea through her. 
"It's not something you really have to worry about. You could never really be my luna. You can't even hunt yet!" He laughed. "I don't need that you're more suited to be the cute kitten warming my bed, anyway."
Alice roared as Laurel screamed, grabbing the nearest object and throwing it at him. The barrel burst apart against his chest and soaking him in water. He covered his face with a cry. 
"What the hell are you doing?!"
Laurel screeched at him. Her anger felt so much bigger than it ever had been before, a blazing inferno in place of the small flickers she had felt as Laura. Laura had needed to watch her manners, to control her emotions and behave accordingly, but Laura was dead.
Laurel Miller, the daughter of Jack Miller of the Sapphire Lake Pack was just a seventeen-year-old young woman. She could be rude. She could be loud. She could curse and fight and defend herself however she wanted to. She didn't have to marry a prince or a coward who thought himself important. She didn't have to take his abuse or put up with a damn thing. 
Laurel was every bit as free as Laura had always wished. 
*That's right!* Alice howled, gleefully. *Show him just what you think of him.*
"You're a shameless bastard! A deserter! A c*oward* and thief!" She growled at him, snatching the rabbit from his hands and shoving him away from her door. He stumbled aside with a gasp. "Why would I *ever* marry a lowly creature like *you*? Who would ever marry a thing like you?"
She shoved him again, "Get the fuck away from my house, and don't you ever come near me again, or I swear to the goddess you will *wish* my father came back sooner!"
Lucas seemed frozen, staring at her in disbelief. She couldn't believe how arrogant he was to think that she would just continue to deal with his harassment. 
He flushed and lifted his hand, "You--"
Alice and Laurel growled at him, causing him to go pale and stumble back. The old woman, Amanda, came rushing out of her house next door. 
She stopped and glared at Lucas, "You! Stay away from Laurel!"
Lucas flinched at Amanda's voice and lowered his hand sheepishly. 
"Elder Amanda--"
Amanda growled at him, her eyes flashed in warning. He ducked his head and scurried away.  Amanda didn't relax until he had disappeared before turning to Laurel with a grin. 
"Such spark!" Amanda chuckled, "I think I'll tell your father you're more than capable of taking care of yourself."
Laurel smiled at her and lifted her head proudly even though her face was warm with embarrassment. She felt good standing up for herself. She didn't know how or when she had gained the confidence to curse out a would-be suitor, but maybe it meant she was starting to live as Laurel, completely free from at least some of the things that had restrained Laura. 
She brushed down the fur of the rabbit and offered it to Amanda, "A gift."
Amanda chuckled and waved her away, "You're still too skinny to be offering me food, child."
She chuckled and nodded before walking back into her house and setting the rabbit on the table. To celebrate, she shifted and went out hunting again for dinner.
Alice laughed, *Who knew cursing out arrogant men could work up such an appetite!*

********
Lucas didn't return and Laurel spent her days hunting, writing letters to her father, and helping with the duties in the village. After a few weeks, Amanda had looked at her with a smile. 
"You've put on some weight!" Amanda pinched her cheek, fondly. "You look good. I'm glad."
Laurel hadn't spent much time paying attention to her appearance, enjoying the freedom from doing so, but when she came home from hunting one day, she took a moment to look. 
The face she'd seen in the puddle in the forest was still there: long black hair, green eyes, and full lips, but her cheeks had filled out. Her features were reminiscent of Laura's but younger, more at ease, vibrant, and truly beautiful. Laurel smiled at her reflection, shocked at the beauty looking back at her, unadorned in her plain, patched dress and a bit dirty from tussling in the dirt with her latest kill. 
She didn't think there was a dress, silk or satin, or a finely wrought accessory from Laura's closet that could enhance or even compliment the young woman in the mirror. She didn't want any of it anyway. Maybe she wouldn't be remarkable in this life either, but she would be free, happy, and loved, and that was enough for her.
The next day, she went hunting for her and Amanda's lunch. She'd found her prey quickly and killed it just as quickly. As she returned, Amanda rushed to her with a wide smile and full of excitement. 
"Laurel! The king had defeated the vampires!" Amanda embraced her tightly. "They've won! The war is over. The men are returning!"
She squealed, embracing Amanda in excitement. Her father would be coming home! She looked down at the patches in her dress and looked up at Amanda, unsure. She wanted to see her father, but would she be able to fool him? Did they have inside jokes? Would her mannerisms give her away?
"I'm not sure in such a shabby dress?" 
Amanda dragged her next door and shoved a new dress and cloak into her arms.
"Amanda"
"Your father has been away for four years. In rags or silk, he'll want to see you." Amanda smiled. "Go."
Laurel looked down at the dress and nodded, "You're right. I should go."
It was a silly fear. It was so unlikely that anyone who was in the Imperial City would be among the caravan of returning men, let alone anyone who may have seen her before. She changed quickly and went with Amanda toward the village center. 
It seemed that every werewolf of the Sapphire Lake Pack, young or old, had left their work for the day to come and see the returning procession, but they didn't seem to be staying in the town square. They were heading west. 
Laurel frowned. 
"They're passing through Silver Blade. If we hurry, we can get there before they do!"
Silver Blade was a few miles away, but there was no way that Amanda would be able to keep up with the rest of the group at her age. 
Amanda sighed, "Go without me, Laurel."
Laurel frowned and kneeled, "I'll carry you."
Amanda seemed hesitant but Laurel huffed, "Come on or we'll fall behind!"
Amanda nodded, climbing on her back and letting Laurel lift her to follow the caravan. She would likely end up at the back because she was carrying Amanda, but they would get there. Mothers carried their younger children. Some pulled carts and rode horses, but everyone focused on the path forward. 
Amanda tapped her shoulder, "Hurry! Hurry, Laurel, or we'll miss them!"
Laurel chuckled, forcing herself to try and pick up the pace though she was already feeling a bit worn out.  She had never seen Amanda so happy. She knew from the neighbors that Amanda had lost her son to a vampire attack over a decade ago.
She didn't think there could ever be better news than the king's victory for her. Maybe Amanda could put the memory of her son to rest and enjoy the rest of her life with some measure of peace. With the threat of vampires over, it would be safe to travel beyond Sapphire Lake and the other packs' villages in the area. 
Maybe she will find her mate at last. Would her father come with her on that search?
"Hurry!" 
Laurel laughed, caught up in Amanda's excitement, and pushed herself to run faster and faster until she was near the front of the group and the small town rose from behind the hill in the distance and a sign told her that Silver Blade was just ahead. 
"We made it!"
###chapter 6: A Delightful Sight
Silver Blade was packed with people chattering excitedly, but it didn't seem they had come too late as the main road was still lined with people and the crowd was growing. The village was bigger than Sapphire Lake and there seemed to be more men there. Had their men come back earlier, or had they simply had enough to keep some to protect the village still? Were they all cowards like Lucas?
Laurel scanned the crowd to find a way to get closer to the main road, but there was barely enough space between people to see through, let alone squeeze through. Mothers with their children on their shoulders and at their sides crowded together with their elders. Young men and women chattered and struggled to get closer. 
She caught the scent of someone's perfume and shook her head. Carefully, she lowered Amanda to the ground as others from Sapphire Lake arrived. 
"Thank you, dear," Amanda said, patting her back as she panted and bent over, struggling to catch her breath now that she wasn't just caught up in the excitement. Exhaustion made her heavy and her stomach rumbled a bit with hunger.
"The others have arrived. We're going to try and find a place a bit closer." 
She nodded and waved Amanda along, "I'll catch up if I can."
Amanda and the others slipped into the crowd quickly as Laurel's strength slowly began to return. She was excited to finally meet her father and a little excited to see King Adolph and his army for the first time. 
King Adolph Raymond was the most powerful alpha of the kingdom. Talk about him had filled her ears since she was a teenager. King Adolph the Invincible, the Vampire Destroyer, the Goddess-Blessed King: she knew him by many names, but she also knew he was more than just powerful. He was brave and relentless, dedicated to the safety of his people. No other king had led the efforts against the vampires the way Adolph had, not even his father. The ministers had spoken quietly of their disapproval, but they had been unable to be too upset as the king had left behind his heir and had been driving the vampires into a corner for years.
She had admired the young king as all young women had and swooned listening to the story of his steadfast love for his luna, Basil's mother. After she died in childbirth, he never took another wife. It was obvious to the entire kingdom that they had a romance written in the stars. Laurel had thought she too could have that with Basil.
The thought angered her a bit. 
Perhaps she should be a bit resentful that he hadn't married again so she would have never have become luna, but she couldn't find it in her to condemn the man who had made sure the werewolf kingdom was safe and had starred in so many of her teenage fantasies about what finding her mate might be like. 
When she married Basil, she had expected to see some of the qualities Adolph was praised for in Basil. It had been a part of why she had fallen so hard for Basil in the beginning. If the son of their king could find potential in her, he had to be a good man, she'd thought, but Basil was nothing like the stories said Adolph was. There was nothing of the war-minded focus Adolph had in Basil. He had always been controlled by his whims and without discipline. Adolph was known for being a great leader, listening to his subordinates, and considering their ideas with care. Basil was careless and dismissive of anything that was not his idea or went against his will.
Father and son were nothing alike according to the stories. Was it possible that King Adolph's reputation was an illusion and Basil did take after him? She had never met Adolph before and no one in the palace ever talked about him outside of speaking about the war. She shook her head. They may not have spoken a great deal of him, but what they did say had been full of loyalty. There was fear, of course, but King Adolph's reputation warranted it. 
He was undoubtedly different from Basil. She wondered how Basil had become such a horrible person. Surely, the great King Adolph could have raised his son born of his infamous romance to be a semi-decent person! 
A cry of cheer drew her thoughts and she looked into the distance. Men on horses approached and her heart leaped for joy. The crowd pressed closer to the sides of the road and the cheers began to spread. People pressed and pushed her. Suddenly, she felt a hand slip down her back and take a firm grasp of one of her buttocks. 
She screamed and turned roughly to see the man. His eyes were heated and lecherous though his expression seemed to be apologetic.
"Oh, I didn't mean to," he said, his voice filled with lies. "A pretty little thing like you really shouldn't be out here all alone. I'll escort--"
"Fuck you!"
She grabbed his arm and twisted viciously until he cried out and kicked him between his legs. He howled, crumpling to the ground with his hands between his legs. 
"Creep!"
She turned and shoved her way out of the crowd. Someone whistled nearby, a sleazy expectant sound. 
"Hey, you--"
She whirled, glaring at the man. He froze and his face went pale under her gaze. She turned from him and continued to push her way out of the crowd. 
She thought of Jack's words and sneered in disgust. Yes, she was a beautiful young woman seemingly without protection. She should have been more careful or brought a weapon, but it wasn't too late to correct her mistake. She had to get out of the crowd and think about carrying a weapon. She wasn't going to allow anyone to mistreat her. Now that the adult men of the town had returned, Silver Blade wasn't safe, and she didn't think that Sapphire Lake would be much safer once the men of her pack returned. 
With a gasp of relief, she reached a clear space behind the crowd and searched for a way to get a better viewpoint. The crowd was growing louder and louder and more people were rushing to join the crowd. There was no way she could find Amanda in the crown. There had to be somewhere safer to get a better view. 
"There," she grinned and hurried towards the tall tree just beyond the crowd. She hiked her skirt and tucked it loosely into her belt before climbing up to the overhanging branch. Carefully, she crawled onto it and sat. 
The view was perfect. She could see to the edge of town just as the soldiers were reaching the edge of town. Their silver armor, though battered, still gleamed in the sun beneath their black cloaks bearing the Imperial crest. Her stomach clenched with apprehension but she pushed that away and tried to scan the soldiers hoping to see her father despite the distance. 
She was Laurel now and Laurel had no reason to grow nervous at the sight of the Imperial crest. Laurel let out a cheer and clapped with the rest of the crowd, swept up in the excitement of the crowd. Her heart raced. 
Alice jerked to attention inside her. Laurel took a deeper breath, puzzling out the scent that seemed to be growing closer and louder as the soldiers drew closer. 
The freshest roses and cedarwood tinged with just the faintest scent of blood drifted on the wind. The crowd's enthusiasm seemed to lessen as the soldiers entered the town. 
Among the silver and black, red fluttered and drew her gaze. The man was tall and handsome. She felt he was as remote as a star twinkling in the night. He stood out among the sea of back and silver though he was not in front of the procession. 
His cloak like knitted blood billowed in the wind attached to his armor with golden cords and fastenings. His chest plate was black, but the gold glinted in the sunlight like flint sparks adding to his dangerous aura. His light blonde hair seemed to catch and hold the rays of the sun, ruffled by the wind. He was the most handsome man Laurel had ever seen. She doubted anyone could say anything different, yet his aura seemed to subdue the crowd.
Who was he?
The scent grew stronger as did the scent of blood. The roses bloomed like a midnight perfume and the cedar warmed. Her heart raced and her mouth watered. 
The procession continued and the man grew closer, nodding at people as he passed before he stiffened and lifted his head, his eyes scanned the area for a moment before he met her gaze.
A shock of heat and elation went with her. Alice howled in her heart and she felt almost dizzy with the rush of attraction and rightness.
***Mate!***
###chapter 7: At Last
Adolph Raymond breathed in the scent of his kingdom's lands with great relief. There was no blood, no pain or darkness: no fear. He smiled, guiding his horse in line with the procession as he breathed in the scent of the metalworks that Silver Blade was known for. It was sweeter than he thought it should be. Almost creamy like milk and honey warmed by the sun, sweet and tantalizing. 
He shook his head. That scent wasn't the metalworks. 
Adam growled with contentment. Adolf's wolf had never felt so at ease. He cast his gaze around searching for the source of the scent.
"Your Majesty?"
Soon, he found the source of the scent. A young woman, likely younger than his son, was balanced carefully on a tree overlooking the procession. her long black hair gleamed in the sunlight like silk and the hem of her skirt revealing her plain shoes and pale ankles. 
His lips twitched at her reckless bravery. It could not have been easy to get up there in such a dress, let alone getting down. His heart clenched as stared at the young woman, transfixed and awed with disbelief, hope, and joy.
*Mate!*
He pulled the reins to stop his horse. How was this possible? He had hoped in his youth to find his mate, yet he had set that hope aside for the sake of his kingdom's stability and the production of an heir.  He could not remember the last time he had thought of the potential, so sure that the goddess would never bless him with such a gift, yet there she was after such a long war.
Perhaps his epithet as the Goddess-Blessed King had some merit, after all.
Her gaze met his and her eyes widened in shock. The bond sparked into an all-consuming warmth, filling him and burning away all the yearning and longing he'd ignored for years. He pulled his horse away from the procession to get through the subdued crowd. 
Would she be frightened of the blood that stained his aura, or would she be welcoming and thankful for his efforts? He wanted to know. 
He needed to know.
"Your Majesty!"
The people parted for him and he approached the tree slowly, fearful of frightening the young woman. He held his breath, fearful that she might vanish into the wind as no more than a lonely man's dream. 
He stopped under the tree and stared up at her as she stared at him, speechless. Her heart was beating quickly, but she didn't seem to fear him. 
"...May I have the honor of knowing your name, my mate?"

******
Laurel was speechless as the man spoke to her. So close, she wondered if anyone could look at him and think him a mere werewolf. A god, a blessed messiah of the goddess, or a fallen star: Goddess, he was so handsome! His smile was charming and he wore it with all the confidence of an older man assured of who he was and his ability to get what he wanted. His eyes were a clear blue, looking at her as if he could see to the depths of her heart and loved everything she ever had been.  
His breastplate was black leather, stretched over his broad, muscled chest. He was much larger than she thought, and she felt her face heat. The scent of blood was much stronger this close, yet his cloak and pants seemed clean. Blood had stained him so much that it had become a part of his scent it seemed. 
She understood why the crowd had seemed to become so quiet when he entered the town. She should be terrified, but she wasn't trembling in fear. 
Alice was itching to get down and rush to him. Laurel pressed her thighs together as he spoke, embarrassed and thrilled by how rich his voice was, dripping with sensual knowledge and warmth. 
How was she supposed to speak to him if his voice was enough to make her wet and willing? 
"Oh, yes" She cleared her throat. "I-It's Laurel."
"Laurel is a lovely name... I am Adolph Raymond. Please, call me Adolph."
Soldiers came after him, "Your Majesty, what--"
Laurel's heart skipped a beat and fear seized her. He stiffened, he must have smelled her apprehension and fear.
Adolph *Raymond*? The king of the werewolf kingdom? Basil's *father*? Quickly, the similarities seemed to scream at her. Basil had his father's hair, but Adolph's hair was lighter in color.
Why would the goddess do this to her? How could she? Had she not seen how much she had struggled and suffered trying to gain Basil's affection and failed? Basil wasn't half the man his father was! What hope did she have to gain his affection? How could her mate be such an unattainable man? 
Her heart clenched, and she stifled the sob. It seemed as if every dream of meeting her mate and their blissful lives together shattered and fell into a deep canyon in her soul. She had left the Imperial City and the royal family, she had hoped for good. 
Did the goddess simply want her to suffer further trying to chase after the king's affection? Maybe she found Laura's plight amusing.
Alice moaned, trying to push through Laurel's despair, but even her usual optimism wasn't enough. 
How long would she be dragged back into the den of the nobility of the werewolf kingdom? Would she never be free of the Raymonds?
She had to leave. She had to escape now before anything else happened before she truly couldn't escape. She could live a life without her mate, but she had to *live* first. She turned quickly and shrieked as her hand slipped. Gravity took hold and she covered her face, her heart hammering and remembering the river and rocks rushing up to her in her past life. 
She closed her eyes, yet there was no pain. In place of pain and darkness, there was warmth and the most delicious scent filling her nose. She clung to the warmth, trembling and struggling to breathe around her panic. 
"You're safe," Adolph whispered. His voice was warm and comforting. "I have you now. I'll take you somewhere safe."
Adolph sunk his hand into her hair and held her close, taking deep breaths of her sweet scent and feeling the bond warm between them. He had never expected his mate to resist him, but he would soothe her fears. 
"You're safe," he said again.
Laurel quieted and her breathing slowed. She gasped and didn't lift her face to look at him. 
"My apologies, Your Majesty, forgive my rudeness." She turned as if to escape his arms. "My muddy skirt must have soiled your armor and cloak--"
"It is not rude for my mate to do anything to me," he said. "Are you hurt?"
She shook her head stiffly and slipped free of him, bowing her head and backing away slowly. 
"M-My apologies, Your Majesty."
He was accustomed to people bowing, but the sight of her head bowed irked him. She was his *mate*, bestowed upon him by the goddess. A blessing, not a commoner! No matter her status at birth, she was his equal and match in every way.
She would be his luna. 
"Excuse me!" Laurel said, turned, and hurried away towards the crow.  Adolph turned his horse, his heart clenching as she hurried through the crowd towards a side road that led out of Silver Blade. 
"Wait!" Adolph called, sliding off his horse to follow her. 
"Your Majesty!"
The townspeople gasped and murmured, but parted for him allowing him to catch up to her quickly as she exited the town. He heard the sound of his unit and his horse following him, but he couldn't heed it. 
"Please, wait!"
Laurel skidded to a halt at the crossroads leading out of Silver Blade and curses. Her eyes were burning with tears.  The sign's lettering had been worn away with time. Neither path was familiar to her, and she was certain they had come into town down a different path. Her heart raced as she tried to decide which way to go. 
Maybe she could find Amanda?
"Wait!" Adolph called again as a group of men on horses shot past him and cut off her path. She stumbled back from them, hands trembling. 
"P-Please, I"
Adolph reached her, taking her hand gently, barely holding it as if not to frighten her as he lifted it and pulled her closer. 
"Laurel, you need not fear me or my men," he pulled her ever closer, filling her senses with his scent. "What pack are you from? I can escort you home."
Laurel lowered her head. What choice did she have? She couldn't offend him any more than she likely already had. 
"S-Sapphire Lake, Your Majesty."
"Please, call me Adolph. I know the way," his horse trotted to him with a neigh and he stroked his flank, offering her his hand. "Let me help you up, my mate."
Laurel shook her head, "I-I would rather walk,  and y-you could just tell me the way"
Adolph waved his hand and his horse fell in line with one of the knights as he stepped closer and offered her his arm. 
"I would never allow my mate to walk alone on such an unsafe road."
Laurel hung her head and eventually wrapped her arm with his. The knight moved to border the right-hand path and Adolph led her forward, slowing his gait to accommodate her shorter stride. Laurel hoped they could simply pass the walk in silence as quickly as possible, but she could feel his gaze on her. She tried to focus on the shifting scenery 
"I-Is there something on my face, Your Majesty?"
A soft flush appeared on his cheeks and he shook his head, "No. Forgive me You did not give me your full name."
"It's Laurel Miller."
He stopped as one of the knights gasped. Adolph's brow furrowed as he looked at her. 
"... Do you know Jack Miller?"
She smiled, "Yes! He's my father. You know him?'
His gaze turned solemn and the knights seemed uncomfortable. 
"My apologies, Laurel... He was a brave man and a great warrior."
Laurel felt her insides turn cold and her body froze with trepidation. It couldn't be.
"...w-was, Your Majesty?"
"He was killed by a vampire two weeks ago."
###chapter 8: Grief
Laurel felt the tears welling up and spilling down her face before she had fully realized what he said. 
Her father? Dead? There had to be a mistake. 
She shook her head, "N-No. you must be mistaken, Your Majesty. I have written him many letters--"
"I know," he said and gestured behind him as he kept his voice calm. "We have kept your letters along with his belongings."
Laurel shook her head as a soldier came forward and offered her a bundle. She recognized her father's cloak and shoes along with the neatly bound letters she'd written him. Blood stained the cloak still faintly smelling of fire. She knew from her past life that every wolf killed by a vampire was burned to keep them from becoming vampires, yet the absence of his body only made the ache worse.
"No" Her legs gave out and she sank to the ground, staring at the bundle as she tried to hold in her sobbing.  "No!"
Adolph's scent enveloped her as his arms pulled her close, stroking her hair. She leaned into him, sobbing as he tried to calm her. 
"Your father was a brave man. He killed many vampires He died protecting me, Laurel. He died a warrior's death."
It should have been some form of comfort, she knew, yet she could not stop sobbing into his chest. She couldn't think or care about a warrior's death or honor. 
Her father was dead, and she had never even gotten a chance to meet him.
She had no idea how long she cried, but when she had the strength to stand again, her tears had dried leaving a great emptiness in her chest. She sniffed, taking the bundle from the soldier reverently, cradling it. This close, she could almost smell her father beneath the ash. 
"T-Thank you, Your Majesty I am glad he died a warrior's death in defense of the kingdom... I will take his things home now. I-I can get back on my own from here."
Adolph swallowed the protest as she turned from him and forced himself to remain still and watch her walk towards Sapphire Lake, crying silently. The scent of her tears burned his nose. Adam urged him to go after her, but he refused. 
She had lost her father. He could not push her nor chase her now. He knew where she lived and how to find her now, there was time to court her properly in the future. 
"Your Majesty," Chasel said, sliding off his horse to stand beside him. Chase Fitch was Adolph's royal beta. He'd known Jack personally and had told Adolph of her before. 
He remembered Chasel saying she was a dutiful daughter. He felt her grief as if it were his own. 
"She has grown a lot in these four years," Chasel said. "She used to be so shy"
"She takes after her father. I didn't realize it until now."
Chasel smiled, "Well, even the Vampire Destroyer is bound to lose his sanity upon meeting his mate."
Adolph laughed as Chasel pressed his hands together in mock prayer, "Thank you, Great and Merciful Goddess for putting us all out of our misery and giving him something else to focus on!"
The knights laughed. Adolph chuckled a bit at his antics, but his thoughts were still focused on Laurel. He had waited all these years for her. 
What were a few more days? Weeks? Months? However long it took, he'd wait. 

******
Laurel drifted through the empty town, went to her house, closed all the blinds, and cried well into the night, clutching Jack's belongings, curled up in bed and broken-hearted.
The darkness of sleep gave way to a blinding white then a forest too beautiful and vibrant to be real. In the distance, she saw a little girl with long black hair and vibrant green eyes rushing up the hill to where a man with black hair sat patiently on a fallen tree. 
"Daddy!" The little girl cried. The man turned with a bright smile and the same green eyes. Laurel gasped. 
He had to be Jack. 
He kneeled and wrapped her in a warm embrace that made Laurel's heart clench with tenderness. 
They pulled back and he pressed a kiss to her forehead before taking her hand and leading her through the forest. The little girl stopped for a moment and looked back at her before smiling brightly and waving. Jack looked back and nodded at her. 
Laurel nodded as her eyes burned and she watched them walk into the forest until they disappeared into the trees. 
When she woke up, her tears had dried and the ache in her chest had eased. Had it been a vision or something her mind had conjured to assuage her pain? Regardless, it was a sign. Jack and Laurel were no longer in this world, thus what she did and how she lived were completely her choices. 
She buried Jack's belongings behind the house beside a laurel tree and offered up a prayer for their everlasting peace. 
Jack and Laurel had died on the same day if Adolph was to be believed. It seemed that the moon goddess had found a body for her that would have no hindrances for her missions. 
Her stomach grumbled, and she winced. She hadn't eaten in nearly a day. She hunted without her usual enthusiasm and a fresh rabbit. She trudged through the forest back toward her house and stopped as she recognized the man standing near her door. 
It was Adolph, dressed in plain traveling clothes and a sword on his belt. He wore no armor, but he seemed no smaller or less dangerous for it. The sun caught in his hair and set a sparkle in his eyes that made her knees a little weak. 
Alice purred, *A man among men. I told you, didn't I?*
She scoffed at Alice's remark and approached him slowly. He smiled at her and his eyes brightened as if he had been waiting all morning to see her. 
"Forgive me, Laurel," he bowed his head slightly. "I know the news was quite the blow."
"You don't need to apologize to me, Your Majesty. My father died a warrior's death I know he died proudly, and I am proud of him."
Adolph nodded, "You look a bit better than yesterday To have such resolve, I am overjoyed to have you as my mate."
She almost cringed at the word. Mate. She couldn't be this man's mate. Even if she was, it couldn't go anywhere. She couldn't go back to the Imperial City. She could not relive her life as Laura. She wouldn't.
"I'm just a rude country girl, Your Majesty. I am not anything remarkable." She shook her head, "You must be mistaken about me."
Alice howled and thrashed in her chest,* Don't be stupid!*
Laurel forced her to be quiet. She had only just started to heal from Basil and her last life. She could not and would not undo all of her hard work for anything. She couldn't handle another heartbreak. 
"... It seems you are the one mistaken," Adolph said softly. "There is nothing I have seen or heard of you that is not extraordinary."
Laurel's face warmed with embarrassment and Alice settled down, almost preening, "Y-Your Majesty"
"I knew you were my mate from the moment I saw you. No one can deny that, not even you."
Laurel's heart swooped at his words and she clenched her fist in frustration. Though his voice was as sweet as honey and so very warm, his words carried all the force and insistence of a dictator. Would he not give her even an inch to escape? 
She wouldn't be trapped again. 
She lifted her gaze, defiant and angry, "So what? Are you going to take me back to the Imperial City, marry me, and make a country girl the luna of the kingdom?"
She scoffed, "Don't be--"
"Yes," Adolph said. "We can leave within the hour if you are ready."
She sputtered. What a man!
*What a mate*, Alice purred.
The man was insane. She had figured out rather quickly that she had come back roughly around the time that Basil had originally forced her from the palace; thus, Delia was either already married to Basil or would soon be. Didn't he know? Didn't he care?
She grit her teeth, "Your heir already has a luna. There is no need for that."
Adolph shook his head, "Basil's marriage has nothing to do with me, and it was only ever temporary. You are mate and the true luna of this kingdom so long as I am the king."
*"Don't call her luna!"* She shuddered at the phantom of Basil's sneering face that shook her. 
"My mate," Adolph's voice pulled her out of her memories as he offered her his hand. "Will you come with me and be my wife and my luna?"
His expression was so sweet, inviting. His voice was drawing her into the fantasies of her youth about love and her fated mate. She wanted so badly to believe in it, to be swept away in it, but could she go back there?
Would she?
###chapter 9: Strike A Deal
Adolph watched her silently. Laurel appreciated the lack of pressure, but his tone and the confidence he wore so boldly grated her nerves. It was like looking at Basil's arrogant face without his smugness. She almost hated him, but it fizzled out as their bond pulsed warm and soothing. 
"Think on it," he said after a moment, inclining his head and withdrawing his hand. 
Alice howled in protest and Laurel barely managed to hold herself in place when Adolph turned to leave.  She didn't watch him, but she listened to every step he took further and further away from her. 
When she could no longer pick out his footsteps, she went inside and collapsed into a chair, exhausted and anxious. She had planned to live with Jack after the war and enjoy her new life thinking one day she might meet her mate. With his death and meeting Adolph, she didn't know what to do. 
Going back to the Imperial City meant going back to dealing with the nobles, Basil, and Delia
But it also meant she may have a chance to find out who it was and seek justice. The thought lit a fire in her, but she turned from it. 
What was to stop them from murdering her again? She didn't know exactly why, but her connection to the Raymond family had to be the only reason. She wasn't sure if she could handle watching her back every waking moment, let alone seeing Basil every day. 
She had just started to heal from her life as Laura
*We should go.*
Laurel scoffed, "You just want to be with your mate."
*Our*, Alice corrected. *And what's wrong with that? We were planning to leave the Imperial City to find our mate before we died. Hadn't we always wanted to leave the Imperial City if given the chance?*
Laurel sighed. Alice was right, but going back was too much. Plenty of people all over the kingdom never met their mates or lived apart for various reasons. She didn't need to go back. 
*Tell the truth. You're afraid.* Laurel wanted to protest but Alice carried on. *Which is ridiculous! You're Laurel Miller now, not Laura Hamiltion. You really want to reject your mate and spend the rest of your life alone?*
Laurel threw up her hands, "Of course not! I I just"
She huffed. Alice didn't understand. She didn't have to live in the Imperial City among the nobles the same way Laura had. She didn't know anything about what it meant to scratch and crawl trying to meet the expectations of the nobles and plummet in an instant.
Besides, Adolph was too perfect. Too noble. Too *extraordinary* for her. Mate or not, he would find fault with her when he realized that she was truly just a low-born country girl. 
*You can't reject our mate*, Alice said as if her word was final. 
Why did it always have to be the Raymond family? She let out a cry of helplessness at the thought. 
*Basil doesn't deserve you. He can have that silly wench and we can be happy with our mate.*
"Who just so happens to be Basil's father, or have you forgotten that? My mate is my father-in-law? I can't accept that!"
She wished there was something in her that supported those words, but there wasn't and it frustrated her more. What was the goddess thinking?
*You're a terrible liar. Even to yourself.* Alice's voice turned softer.* Let us be happy, Laurel. Please? Don't you think we've earned at least a chance to be happy?*
Her jaw trembled and her eyes burned with grief. She wanted to be happy. Adolph was Basil's father, but beyond some physical features, she saw nothing of Adolph in Basil. Mature, gentle, and kind: he was everything she'd ever imagined in a mate. 
She ate dinner in silence, letting her mind turn over the situation. Alice didn't comment, seemingly content to let her think it out. She went to sleep hoping her mind would be clearer in the morning. 
*Basil's voice pulled her from the darkness, loud and furious, "You were not born to be the luna! I have allowed you to fill the role until now. How dare you tell me what to do!"
Laurel choked. She didn't want to be here. She didn't want to ever think of that night again. She had to wake up. She had to wake up!
Delia wrapped her arms around Basil's arm, speaking softly with a contemptuous smirk on her face. Laurel pushed at the nightmare, trying to escape, but her body was frozen in place just as it had been then. 
**I'm not there anymore. I'm not there. I'm not Laura anymore. I'm Laurel. I'm Laurel!**
Basil turned back to her, sneering at her. Everything she had done, every moment of strife and struggle over the past three years had been for the kingdom, for Basil. She wasn't wrong. She'd done everything she could. 
"I-I just--"
"You are nothing."
"Your Highness, our Luna--" Sarah's scream resonated as she was snatched into the darkness, "Your Majesty, please!"
Delia and Basil vanished and the cliff appeared stretching down into an abyss. 
**No!**
Cold hands shoved her forward.*
"No!" Laurel screamed, opening her eyes. She fought the sheets that had twisted around her in her sleep and tumbled off the bed with a painful thump.
*It was just a nightmare. We're in Sapphire Lake*, Alice said, though even her voice seemed a little shaky. 
She lifted her head, panting and looking out the window as dawn began to stretch gently across the sky, lightening it and bringing the new day. She couldn't escape her memories as Laura any more than she could escape Alice. Laura would never be put to rest until she knew who killed her. It was the only way to free herself and actually live as Laurel. 
She had to go back. Her heart clenched with terror and Alice rumbled. 
*Trust our mate. *
If only it was that easy.

******
By the time the sun had risen over Sapphire Lake and the village had begun to start their day, Laurel had packed her bags with her few belongings: a few dresses and the letters from her father. She left her house with her bag and walked to Amanda's house only to find the old woman waiting on the porch for her. 
Upon seeing her, Amanda smiled kindly and took her hands, "I'm so sorry about your father, dear."
Laurel nodded stiffly, "Th-Thank you I I'm leaving."
"I heard what happened in Silver Blade," Amanda pinched her cheek. "You'll make a lovely bride. Be safe on the roads and be happy. It's all your father wanted for you."
She sniffled and embraced the older woman, squeezing her close as if to remember this warm maternal feeling for the path ahead. No one in the Imperial City would speak to her with kindness in the days ahead. 
"I will. Thank you for everything."
Amanda gave her a small satchel of food and waved her off. She saw no one as she walked away from her house. Then, the scent of roses and cedarwood drifted on the wind and she stopped, shocked as Adolph approached her from down the road. He was wearing different traveling clothes, striding towards her. His gaze met hers as she stopped and felt her heartbeat speeding up. 
Adolph came to a stop in front of her and inclined his head politely, "Good Morning, Laurel. Did you sleep well?"
"Well enough."
She clenched her hands on the strap of her bag as Adolph's gaze drifted over her, assessing he spoke again. 
"You are dressed for a journey I can only guess you have an answer to my proposal now."
"You are the king," Laurel stated. "You have enough power to do whatever you please"
She lifted her chin, "Why ask my opinion?"
Adolph's eyes narrowed as if he was trying to puzzle something out before softening into a warm boyish smile that made her a little breathless. 
"You are my mate. Though there is nothing I want more than to mark you as mine and take you to bed, I mean to have a life with you, Laurel. I want you to want me just as much as I want you."
*We want him a lot. Stop being coy*! Alice urged. *Let's go.*
"You are a very good king." She said, tartly. "Great even."
"Oh?" He smirked. "I'm a great husband, too."
Laurel's face warmed and she winced.  She had nearly forgotten how much talk there had been about Adolph and his late wife's great love.
"I will follow your procession back to the Imperial City." Laurel averted her gaze. "I have business of a sort there. In no way does this mean I plan to become luna, and I have a condition."
"You can have whatever you wish within my power."
*Do we have to?* Alice whined. *He's perfect!*
"I want your word as King Adolph Raymond that you will not force me to do anything I do not wish to do," she looked up at him. "If you cannot give me that, I will find my own--"
"You have my word as a king, as a man, and as your mate," Laurel gasped and looked into his eyes: honest, earnest, and clear. "Every choice shall be yours to make."

###chapter 10: A Suitable Gift
When she was Laura, she had only been to the Emerald Twilight Pack's village and the Imperial City. Traveling with the army's procession led her through most of the border cities where the schools and hospitals she's ordered to be built were doing a great amount of good. It warmed her heart, but the whispers among the knights concerned her. 
"Who knew Adolph the Invincible could be like this?"
A knight laughed, "He is only a man."
"Then he should understand why I want to go home as soon as possible!" The man huffed. "A full day's delay will end up being a near week before I see my wife again."
"Better a week's delay than never knowing if we would come back"
Laurel frowned. Why had they been delayed? They had lost more and more troops as they went through the towns. The sights of soldiers greeting their loved ones had warmed her heart and she grieved as Adolph delivered parcels of the fallen warriors to each family personally.
She gasped as Adolph gave a young wife her husband's parcel and gave her money. The soldier had said a day's delay. Had Adolph delayed the procession of the army for her?
She shook her head. That would be ridiculous. Perhaps there had just been more fallen warriors from Silver Blade and Sapphire Lake. 
"What is it, my mate?" Adolph asked, approaching her. 
"I heard that there was a delay in the return" Laurel worried about her lip. "They have been away from their families for several years. What was the reason for the delay?"
"I could not leave you."
Laurel gasped, "But that's ridiculous! The army--"
"Knows well what finding you means to me, and those who do not could at least empathize What are a few weeks in the face of having to wait a lifetime?" Laurel was breathless as he caressed her cheek. "If you had not agreed, we would have stayed in Sapphire Lake until you did."
Laurel sputtered, "But what about--"
"Were you not the one who said I had the power to do as I pleased?
His tone was wry and teasing but she threw up her hands, unable to counter. 
Adolph chuckled, "Come, we are stopping for the night. My royal beta, Chasel, is in charge of making your arrangements."
"My arrangements?" 
Chasel came and greeted her kindly before escorting her to a nice tent large enough for at least two people, yet she hadn't seen a single woman in the army's procession. 
"Will I get to meet my tent mate soon?" 
"You are the only person who will be staying in this tent," Chasel said. 
"Are there no other women in the army?"
Chasel's eyes turned sad, "There was a female doctor, but she died during the war. This was her tent. As I remember it was very comfortable. Please let me know if you need anything else. His Majesty ordered me to ensure your comfort."
He bowed politely and left her alone. Laurel set her bag down and explored the camp. Some of the late doctor's effects were still inside including a washing basin and a chest of elixirs and bandages. She left the tent to explore the camp. Soldiers set up tents in neat rows, and no tent looked much different than the others save for the large tent in the center where it seemed the food was being prepared. 
She was impressed by how diligent they seemed. Men sharpened their swords beside small fires and polished their armor. She nodded at a few patrolmen as she walked towards the edge of the camp. 
There was a road sign saying that the next village was very close and she smiled, appreciating the army's respect for the daily lives of the packs. She doubted Basil would have cared about intruding upon a pack's territory with so many men to feed and house. 
Adolph's care for his people was striking and warming, yet her heart was troubled. He was, after all, the Goddess-Blessed King. Even though the goddess said she was her cherished child and had a great fate to meet, she didn't know what to do. She had not been good enough to stand beside Basil. How could she hope to stand beside Adolph?  
With a sigh, she turned back to head towards her tent. 
"Laurel," she turned as Adolph and another soldier approached her. "Are your arrangements comfortable?"
"Yes, Your Majesty. Thank you for your consideration."
He nodded, and took the scroll from the soldier. The man didn't lift his head. 
"The border patrol will need to keep an eye on the westernmost region, I think."
The man took note without lifting his gaze. He looked nervous. Laurel couldn't imagine why he'd been on campaign with Adolph for years. It was a strange reaction, but many of the soldiers nearby seemed to try to give Adolph as wide of a berth as possible.  
"The border?" Laurel asked as Adolph read the scroll into his pocket.
"Yes, though we have won. It will mean nothing if we don't remain vigilant. The vampires are too cunning to underestimate."
She looked at the knights nearby who smiled and nodded politely at her before hurrying away, avoiding looking at Adolph. 
"Why are you so afraid of him?" Laurel asked the soldier. "Haven't you been on campaign with him for years?"
Adolph's eyes widened and he looked at the soldier. The man cleared his throat. 
"Yes, my lady, I have, but" he cast a glance at Adolph before lifting his chin. "His Majesty is the most fearsome wolf I've ever seen on a battlefield. He's torn vampires to shreds like paper."
"But he has never turned his sword against you or any of the knights."
"Of course, not, my lady!"
"Then why?"
"My lady," he looked nervous and confused. "Can you not smell the blood in his aura?"
She looked at Adolph who seemed to be watching her for her reaction. 
"Yes, I can." 
Never mind that it only added to the pure allure of his scent. Perhaps something was wrong with her. Adolph's eyes softened, seemingly relieved. 
"Thank you for your hard work. Be sure to rest before heading back to the border."
The soldier nodded and hurried away and Adolph escorted her to her tent before going to the tent beside it and entering. She was shocked. Why would the king sleep in such a plain tent?
Laurel entered her tent quickly to wash up for dinner. She heard Adolph leave a while later and did not see him again until after dinner. He approached with a warm smile. His scent was muddled with the scents of the forest as if he had gone hunting, and there was a group of soldiers nearby trying to appear inconspicuous. 
"Your Majesty?" Laurel asked. 
"A present, Laurel," Adolph opened the hunting bag in his hand and pulled out the body of a snow-white fox. 
She gasped, shocked at the gesture and how public it was. Werewolf customs dictated that a man was to hunt an animal for the woman he wished to propose to and the difficulty of the prey was a sign of how earnest the proposal was. 
There was no animal more elusive than the snow-white fox. To accept it would have basically been agreeing to marry him, and he knew it!
"Y-Your Majesty, I..."
"Will you accept it?" He smiled, "Don't worry. I will skin it for you."
"W-Wait," Laurel tried to stop him, but he sat between their tents and pulled out a hunting knife. She expected it to be messy, but it seemed he'd already drained the blood from the body and used the knife with a hunter's skill. 
She was surprised and impressed. 
Adolph must have seen it on her face. He chuckled, "There isn't anything I do not excel at."
He winked at her, "You'll know first hand when we get married."
Her face burned with embarrassment, "W-Who said we would--"
"The moon goddess, of course," he turned back to his kill. "I'll make the fur into a wrap for you, and the body will be an offering of gratitude."
His smile turned soft and tender, "Though it could never fully convey my gratitude for such a beautiful mate."
Her face probably made Adolph's cloak seem faded from how embarrassed she was. Her heart was fluttering and she was near breathless and charmed. Who knew the great warrior king could be like any ardent man presenting his lover with gifts of devotion and sweet words? 
Laurel could barely speak, unable to deny him, but wary of outright accepting it. 
"W-Well, the Imperial City's winter is quite cold, isn't it? I don't have anything suitable, so"
I only accepted the skin of the white fox, so this did not count as accepting Adolph's proposal of marriage... She said to herself.
*Oh, quibble*!  Alice murmured.
Adolph met her gaze, "You will have the finest clothes for every season, but it would warm my heart if you would wear it."
She shuffled her feet, but nodded shyly, watching him prepare the skin to be dried. He may be Adolf the Invincible, the Vampire Destroyer, and the Goddess-Blessed King, but Adolf, her mate, seemed to be just a man of his word and nowhere near as terrible as the soldiers feared.

###chapter 11: Golden River
The army traveled at a decent speed towards the Imperial City. As they neared the next city, Laurel realized there was something different about this one, something familiar. The sign declared the next city to be the city of the Golden River Pack, named after the river that seemed to glow gold in the setting sun thanks to the golden silt that formed the river bed. She remembered for her life as Laura that it was one of the kingdom's most prosperous trading cities as it was the perfect midpoint between the border and the Imperial City. 
"Look ahead!" Someone near the front called. 
People were gathered along the sides of the road and a vaguely familiar man stood in front of them all with a large smile that did not reach his eyes. It reminded Laurel of the nobles of the Imperial City.
The closer they grew, the more she recognized him. He was the alpha of the Golden River Pack, Daniel. 
Alpha Daniel greeted them warmly, "Welcome and hail to your victory! A feast is to be held in your honor tonight!"
She remembered that Alpha Daniel of the Golden River Pack often paid tribute to the nobles of the Imperial City. Fine silks, gems, and spices had been shipped to the palace to ease conversations about making the Golden River Pack a noble pack. They wanted more power to go with their wealth.
They had tried to please Laura and engaged in bribery often. She had seen in Alpha Daniel and his people the same tendencies that had made her distance herself from her parents. She had sent back as much of the tribute as she could to avoid any misunderstandings. 
The soldiers whispered between themselves but Adolph's voice rang out, stern and sharp. 
"Thank you for such care, but we will not be in attendance. We will set up our camp outside of your city as planned."
With the order made, he ordered the soldiers to start setting up camp. 
"Your Majesty," Chasel said, his voice low and cautious as they rode away. "Why are you not going?"
"The presumption that he has the right to make such a plan without informing me and the arrogance to think I would be happy about it irks me. Besides, it is clear he has an ulterior motive for holding this feast and I have no time to entertain it."
Laurel was impressed and awed. Adolph had been fighting on the border for years. She was certain he wouldn't know much about the politics between the various packs in the kingdom. He truly was a sensible man and an involved ruler. Whether he had some feeling before meeting the man or figured it out upon meeting the man, it was impressive that he figured out Alpha Daniel's character so quickly. 
By contrast, Basil had been overly flattered, childish, and impulsive. He'd fought her to keep all of the tribute Alpha Daniel sent and eventually ordered the attendants to ignore her commands regarding the tribute altogether. 
They set up their camp outside of the city in near silence. The soldiers seemed down, grumbling a bit about being denied the feast despite all of their hard work when a caravan of people came to the camp. Adolph went to the front of the camp to see them along with the patrol. Alpha Daniel was among them.
"Hail the victorious werewolf kingdom," Alpha Daniel greeted. "Though regrettably, you will not partake in a feast in our city, I have brought this caravan of food and wine as a show of joy and celebration so you may celebrate your victory in what manner is most comfortable for you."
Adolph wanted to send it back, irked with Daniel's behavior, but he could not deny that the soldiers had more than earned at least one night of revelry. 
After a few moments, Adolph nodded, "Very well. I will permit it."
There was a small cheer of joy as the patrol began to unload the caravan with the help of the attendants. It was dark by the time the caravan was unloaded. Tables were set up in the center of the camp and a bonfire was built by the soldiers and the attendants. 
The camp was alive and loud with laughter and merriment as they set up the feast. Laurel sat at the edge of the bonfire watching the soldiers.
"Have you seen General Sam?" She frowned and looked at the pair of soldiers conversing nearby. 
"No, I haven't. Have you asked Lynn?" One of them turned. "Lynn! Have you seen General Sam?"
Another man came around the tent. Laurel remembered him as the soldier who had been delivering a report from the front line to Adolph. 
Lynn seemed startled, "Sam hasn't been well recently. That's all."
She worried her lip. It wasn't good to leave an unwell man unattended. Perhaps, she could take a plate to him and check on him or find the new doctor and ask about him. She searched for a while, but she still couldn't find him. 
Maybe he was treating Sam? She hoped so. 
Giving up, she turned back towards the center of the camp where the feast was being set up a bit unhappily. It was probably best for her to just grab a plate and return to her tent if she was going to be in such a mood. 
Golden runners were spread across the tables and gleaming serving dishes were piled high with meat. The scent of wind danced in the air, warmed by the fire. Beautiful women walked around with serving trays covered in food and drinks. 
Some were human, some were werewolves, and there was an extraordinarily beautiful vampire slave among them, handcuffed yet graceful as she moved. She was curvy with her head bowed low: the picture of submission. The soldiers seemed to watch her more than the others. While the werewolf and the vampires had been at war, she knew that werewolves gained a lot of pleasure from conquering and ravaging vampire women. She didn't know if Adolph allowed such things under his watch, but she knew it happened. 
Then, she realized that Daniel was leading the vampire slave and three other women toward Adolph to serve him
Laurel narrowed her eyes. Everyone beyond the camp knew that Adolph was mateless. It was shrewd for Daniel to attempt to ensare Adolph with gifts of beautiful women in the hopes that one of them would be enticing enough for Adolph to take as a marked mate and the future luna. After all, he had only left the regency of the kingdom in Basil's hands. With the war over, Adolph would take up the duties of the throne in its entirety. He would need a luna to help him shoulder that burden, just as Basil had needed one.
If Daniel succeeded, he would be guaranteed a noble title by right. 
Her stomach clenched with nausea and she sneered at Daniel as he passed. She hadn't liked him before, but she definitely didn't like him now. Seeing the beautiful women following him across the clearing, she saw Laura in their faces, offered to Basil by her parents for their ends. 
*He's ours*, Alice growled. Though she had not yet bonded with Adolph, they were mates. Her hands clenched and trembled with fury.
The vampire picked up the jug of wine and kneeled beside Adolph's chair to pour his drink. Laurel blinked and the woman crumpled beside his chair with a sharp crack. His eyes were burning with fury as the entire camp gasped and realized what happened. 
How had he killed her so quickly? Why?
Adolph turned his furious gaze on Daniel, "Why would you bring such a disgusting *thing* into my camp?"
Daniel stumbled back. The other women drew back behind him, trembling. 
"I-I Your Majesty, these women were simply a gift for you. All of this is for your benefit. To celebrate--"
"You mean it is for your benefit." Daniel stammered, but Adolf motioned to one of the soldiers. "Take these women away from me. Dispose of this thing and take a finger from Alpha Daniel for each woman as punishment."
Laurel shuddered. There were four women before the vampire had been killed. The women tried to scramble away so quickly it seemed they were running to the soldiers. Despite their fear, the soldiers grabbed them roughly and dragged them away. Daniel cried out in terror, begging forgiveness, but Adolph wasn't listening. A soldier held his hand still. Daniel screamed and the scent of blood filled the air, different from the undertone of Adolph's scent. 
She shivered as the wind blew and Daniel was taken away. 
"Get me another bottle of wine and a goblet," Adolph ordered, his tone cold. 
A soldier hurried to obey and Laurel realized that the charming man who had been so patient with her was just an act for her. 
Adolph, the Vampire Destroyer, the Invincible was as cold and ruthless as the stories said. 
The scent of Daniel's blood lingered throughout the camp, and the soldiers were no longer celebrating. They ate quickly and quietly before getting back to their usual routine. No one looked at Adolph or lingered where he could see them as he sat at the head of the clearing, eating. 
Laurel wondered if wine, food, and beautiful women brought him no pleasure-- what did?
###chapter 12: Orders
Laurel returned to her tent and got ready for bed, but her mind wouldn't rest. The scent of blood was still lingering in the air. The bonfire had burned out, but the fear the display had evoked in the soldiers remained. She didn't hear anything outside of her tent beyond the quiet footsteps of the patrol. 
Her mind kept turning over what she knew, trying to make sense of it. Adolph's gentle smile and warm words didn't match the cold fury she'd seen in his eyes. How could he embrace her so gently and use those same hands to kill a vampire slave so quickly and brutally? How could his sweet voice that made her swoon order Daniel's fingers to be cut off? From fury to tenderness and ruthlessness to tenderness: what made him change for her? Being his mate couldn't be enough. Was it a real change or just a mask to keep her at his side? 
How long would it last?
Those beautiful women were dragged out of the camp so roughly by the soldiers, the same way that Sarah had been at Basil's order. She was nowhere near as beautiful as any of those women. She certainly wasn't as subservient, either. Would there be a time when Adolph would order them to drag Laurel away the same way? Would he realize that she wouldn't change for him? 
Alice scoffed, *He is a king. His actions as a king have no bearing on how he will treat us as his mate*. 
She couldn't argue against it, but the fear would not leave her. She almost resented how sure Alice seemed about their future with Adolph. She hadn't agreed to a single thing. 
She had agreed to come to the Imperial City to figure out who had killed Laura, but the threat of another heartbreak was tangible. She shook herself free of that. Adolph was the king and she was an ordinary she-wolf.  Mate or not, it would remain that way. 
As soon as she found out who had killed Laura and laid her past life to rest, she would leave. Focusing on that, she managed to relax enough to go to seem just as the moon began to set. 

******
The next day Laurel shot awake at the sound of a howl of pain. A group of people shouted from outside the tent. What happen? She sat up in bed blankly.
"Sam, just calm down!"
"Sam!"
Her heart lurched at the name immediately. Was it the same Sam who had been missing the night before? What was going on?
"Someone go find the doctor, something's wrong with General Sam!"
She tumbled out of bed and hurried out to find a man with dark hair, howling in agony and thrashing on the ground. There were several soldiers on the ground nearby.
Violent red light rippled over his skin as he growled. His skin was already turning black. Her heart lurched. She recognized the signs: he was turning rogue.  Lynn said he hadn't been well and a stroke of guilt for not checking on him went through her.  The change was happening too quickly for it to be recent. He must have been exhibiting the signs for at least a week, maybe longer depending on his willpower. What the hell was Lynn thinking just saying he was *unwell*? Where was the doctor? How long had he been like this?
Didn't they know how dangerous a rogue werewolf could be? She turned to a nearby soldier who seemed shocked in place, eyes wide with shock.
"What happened to him?"
He flinched, "Er well The female doctor who died. She was his mate--"
"He's been suffering the loss of his mate untreated for weeks?!" Laurel yelled as soldiers came closer and tried to subdue Sam. They grabbed him. "Don't!"
Sam roared, the sound of it made the air shake with the power of it. Heartbreak and fury washed over the area. He opened his eyes, glaring fiercely with blood-red light. 
"Oh, no"
He twisted, dragging his claws through a man's arm in a bloody streak. Another was caught in the face with his swipe. The third managed to dodge. They all cried out and backed away. Sam turned on each of them, shoulders tense and kneeling in the dirt. The scent of blood made her flinch, but her stomach plummeted as the light around him grew thicker and his growls grew more agitated. 
He was speaking in a low babble of madness she couldn't understand. She had to do something. *They* had to do something. 
"What the hell, Sam?" One of them growled, cradling his bleeding arm. "You--"
The one who had been cut across his face lunged at Sam, but Sam tossed him back, clawing him across the chest and turning on the other two, panting. The uninjured one grew defensive, and Sam roared at them and snapped his teeth. Their reactions were just making it worse. Didn't they know the signs? Hadn't they dealt with this before and learned something? 
When she had been Laura, she'd set up hospitals for werewolves who had lost their mates and had worked at the hospital in the capital. She knew how violent they could get and knew that responding to them with hostility was only going to turn this into a bloodbath. She shuddered thinking of the last time a wolf had lost his mind and the people around them had done everything wrong. 
The soldiers had been forced to kill them and Basil pointed at it as a reason not to bother with building the hospitals. He'd sneered and said that they were better off dead if they were just going to hurt a bunch of people. She remembered she stopped speaking to him about her efforts regarding wolves who had lost their mates after that. It had been just one more way she'd been disillusioned with her marriage to him. 
"Stop it!" Laurel yelled. "Don't treat him like a rogue. You'll only make it worse!"
"What the hell do you--"
"He's lost his mate. He needs care, and as his friends, you need to speak to him as such! He needs you to ground him, not agitate him!" She looked at Sam. "Right now, he is *trying* to fight it, but if you push him over the edge, there's no going back."
They hesitated, but there must have been something of a luna in her tone because they gentled their tones and raised their hands in a sign of placating as they began to talk to Sam.
"Sam, it's us. We're just trying to help, okay?"
The growls grew softer, less directed at them, but the red light was still washing over him, forcing him to change. It flickered and sparked around him. She thought they were getting through to him until the bands of light began to grow thicker.
It wasn't enough. 
Laurel hurried forward and took his hand, unflinching despite the blood and flesh still stuck to his claws. 
"Sam," she said gently. "Think of you mate. Think of her. Would she want to see you like this? She is still watching over you at the goddess' side."
A painted whine escaped him. She could almost feel his agony, his heartbreak and she placed her other hand on his head, stroking his hair gently. 
"I know but the goddess has watched over you and brought you back from the war safely for a reason. She has other plans for you You have to calm down. You have to fight it and be as brave as you always have."
He twisted away from her with a broken sob, clutching his hand to his chest and curling up on his side, panting.
"You fought for the kingdom. Now, you have to fight for yourself. You can do that, can't you?"
He shuddered and the soldiers seemed to be holding their breaths as she continued to stroke his hair and encourage him.
Slowly, the red light lessened and lessened. His shuddering eased and he relaxed until just a broken sob came from him and the air was tinged with the scent of his tears. She let out a sigh of relief as he cried, curled in on himself. 
A man carrying a satchel rushed towards them, based on his clothing she realized he was the doctor they were looking for.
"Oh, you--"
"And where the hell have you been?" Laurel hissed at him. "I searched for you last night, but I couldn't find you. It's obvious you weren't doing your job, so where have you been?"
"I-- You--"
"And the rest of you!" Laurel hissed between her gritted teeth. "You're supposed to be his comrades, his friends, but none of you thought to speak about his condition? Do any of you care about him?" 
A soldier nearby blushed and bared his teeth at her with a feral snarl, "Who are you to talk to us like that?"
Laurel's heart lurched. What was she doing losing control of her temper like this? It was an avoidable accident, so she held them accountable, but she was Laurel, not Laura: an ordinary girl brought into the camp. She swallowed, prepared to give some excuse for her words when her thoughts were interrupted. 
"She has every right to." She gasped as Adolph walked up behind her and placed a gentle hand on her shoulder.  Laurel looked up at him and found his jaw set and his eyes glaring at the soldiers and the doctor. The men shrunk back.
"Y-Your Majesty?"
 "She is my mate. Her will is my will. Am I clear?"


###chapter 13: Corrupt
Adolph rose with the sun, mounted his horse, roused his retinue, and rode into the Golden River to deal with the Golden River pack's alpha. He'd subdued Daniel for the time being, but his actions spoke to a greater problem that Adolph had to deal with before reaching the Imperial City.  Daniel was still being treated for the loss of his fingers, so there was no one around to try to stall for time as he ordered for all the records of the pack's economic movement, taxes, and every piece of paper detailing Daniel's policies. 
It took all of an hour to find proof of Daniel's greed and corruption: bribery, tax evasion, illegal slave trade, etc. If there was something an alpha should not do, it seemed that Daniel had done it.
"Go out among the people and find an honest man to take his place," Adolph said. "And restrain Daniel for formal sentencing. He is not fit to be alpha."
Soldiers jumped to his command. Chasel busied himself organizing all the records that would need closer attention and fixing. Adolph sat to review the items and glared at the documents, seeing the excess of exports to the Imperial City of things that were far too frivolous to be of any use to the war efforts: fine silks, bejeweled clothing, spices, and rich wines. 
"Is there anything that I have left behind that has not been corrupted?" Adolph huffed. What had his son been doing in all these years?
"Your Majesty, the villagers have nominated a man named Adam," a soldier said, inclining his head. 
Adolph stood and followed the man outside the alpha's house. Adam was tall, broad-shouldered. He looked as though he had once been a soldier in his youth. He leaned on his cane, but he didn't seem weak. 
"The villagers have nominated you to become the next alpha," Adolph said. Adam's eyes widened in shock. "They say you are an honest man, so henceforth, you will be in charge of the Golden River pack and getting it up to my standards. Do you understand?"
Someone nearby gasped in horror, trembling. Adam paled a bit and his hand clenched around his cane. 
"Y-Yes, Your Majesty. I understand."
"IT's a start." Adolph turned and led Adam inside back to where Chasel was sorting through paperwork. 
"Your Majesty, it is much worse than we thought."
"How could no one notice so much corruption and incompetence? Where was all of this going?"
"I don't know." Chasel shook his head, "You left the internal affairs to Prince Basil. I thought he married?"
"Y-Your Majesty?" Adam spoke up, "If I may?"
"You have an answer?" Adolph asked.
"Yes All of the excesses were sent to Prince Basil," Adam said. 
Adolph crushed a sheet of paper in his hand. His anger boiled, "What?"
"He would send tribute to the Imperial City often. The former luna, Laura, would send it back until he started to send it directly to Basil through secret means She was very strict about such things."
Adolph shook his head, "My son married a good woman, even if he is an idiot."
Adam lowered his gaze, his expression seemed solemn. 
"Is there something I should know?"
"T-The former luna died in an accident." Adam said, "Prince Basil is already set to be married again."
Adolph couldn't believe his ears. He wanted to call the man a liar but Chasel groaned. 
"The letter, Your Majesty. The one from Prince Basil was about his new wedding. He was hoping you would come back for it."
Adolph groaned, rubbing his forehead. He remembered, but he thought he was speaking of coming back for his first marriage. 
"His luna dies and so soon after he gets married again? How could he be so stupid at this age? What are the nobles in the Imperial City doing, letting him make such rash decisions?"
Chasel couldn't answer that. The only hope he had was to get back to the Imperial City. He pointed Adam in the direction of the important issues and gave him a list of priorities before heading back to the camp with Chasel. 
"I'll need to know exactly what the former luna was like and what she's done since being luna."
"All of those answers will be among the people and back at the Imperial City. " 
He sighed as they reached the camp and Laurel's scent drifted towards him, making him smile as he dismounted and went to search for her. 
"...the hell have you been? I searched for you last night, but I couldn't find you. It's obvious you weren't doing your job, so where have you been?"
Adolph smirked, hearing the fire and calm in her voice and walking towards her voice. There was a crowd and the scent of blood. They parted easily and he looked at her, kneeling beside Sam as he was curled up, sobbing to himself as she stroked his hair. 
It was strange to realize she was furious, yet her voice seemed more like singing to him, calming and keeping the little flecks of red light at bay. She was so beautiful and spirited, glaring at the nearby soldiers and the doctor while keeping Sam calm. 
Jealousy stirred at the sight, seeing her so close to Sam, touching him so casually, but she released Sam's hand as the doctor drew closer.
Chasel came closer and grinned at him. 
"How'd she" He shook his head. "She's going to be a perfect luna. The goddess is raining blessings upon you and the kingdom."
Adolph agreed, but the thought gave him pause. How could an ordinary seventeen-year-old woman born on the border know how to calm a werewolf on the edge of turning rogue? Perhaps she had inherited her father's bravery to approach the man, but the elegance and ease she had were strange. There was a sophistication to her approach and confidence that made no sense.
He wanted to ask Chasel if she had always been that way, but a soldier bared his teeth and snarled at Laura. 
"And who are you to talk to us like that?"
Adolph stepped forward. 
"She has every right to." She gasped as Adolph placed his hand on her shoulder. The soldiers and the doctor shrunk back. 
"Y-Your Majesty?"
 "She is my mate. Her will is my will. Am I clear?"
"Y-Yes--"
"How dare you question her! Was there a single thing she said that was opposed to your training? I trained you to be ruthless to the enemy, not your comrades!"
"Y-Yes, of course, Your Majesty--"
"You'll be attending private training for the next week and your wages will be cut," Adolph glared at each of them. "You are to take Sam to his tent and look after him until we reach the Imperial City."
"Yes, Your Majesty!" Two of the men jumped forward to lift Sam from the ground and carry him away. The third leaned on the doctor and followed after, half-blinded by the blood running into his eyes. 
It was sheer luck that Laurel had been able to calm him down. Same was one of his best generals: calm, sensible, brave, and loyal. Adolph had hoped to keep him in service for as long as possible. He had hoped that Sam might meet his second mate when they reached the Imperial City. 
To think the replacement doctor had jeopardized that by shirking his duties He'd have to get to the bottom of that some other time. 
He turned his gaze to Laurel and felt his fury ease and a smile spread on his face. She stood and dusted off her dress. 
"Thank you for saving them," Adolph said.
She flushed prettily and shuffled her feet, "I-I I was just doing my duty."
Her lips turned down and she frowned as if something had upset her. She nodded her head stiffly. 
"If you'll excuse me, Your Majesty."
Before he could stop her, she hurried away from him. Adolph watched her escape, confused. Why would she run away from him now? He winced. 
Maybe she was afraid of him, or was she jealous of those women Daniel brought? It was ridiculous. She was his mate, there would be no one who could draw his attention away from her. He knew that, but perhaps she had never learned what it meant for them to be fated mates? Jack had been on the front line for the past four years. If he remembered correctly, most spoke about the implications of finding their mates around the time their children turned fourteen. 
It had been around then that he'd spoken to Basil about it. 
Their bond wasn't fully established, and he had no way of knowing if she could feel his emotions yet, or could even recognize them. Through their bond, he could only feel vague negativity coming from her. Fear and jealousy were his best guesses.
Adolph clenched his hand, trying to retain the warmth and scent of Laurel there, "I'll let you go this time, Laurel," he murmured and smiled. "But you won't get away from me."


###chapter 14: Lost Mate
Laurel hid from Adolph for the rest of the day, barely sneaking to get something to eat before returning to her tent. She had to be careful since his tent was right next to hers, but it seemed that something was keeping him away from his tent for most of the day. She hoped her luck held out. 
The next day, Laurel decided to brave leaving the tent to go see Sam. The guilt was gnawing at her from not seeing him the first time she heard about him being unwell. After dressing for the day, she listened for any sign of movement from Adolf's tent. She thought she heard Adolph leave his tent much earlier, but she had to be sure. 
It sounded as though the coast was clear, so she left her tent and headed towards Sam's tent, but Adolf stepped from behind another tent and into her path with a little smirk. 
She guessed her luck had to run out sometime.
*Mate!* Alice cheered. 
Laurel wanted to roll her eyes and sneer at Alice's excitement, but she remained still as Adolph approached her. It seemed he'd been waiting to catch her. Had he noticed that she was avoiding him?
"Why are you avoiding me?"
Alice laughed and Laurel winced, scrambling for an answer. What could she say? She wasn't even entirely sure why she was avoiding him herself. Sure, the little thrill of happiness she'd felt when he'd thanked her the day before and seemed to be grateful for her work was enough to make her angry with herself. Didn't she know such a thing wouldn't last? Didn't she know better not to be swept away by such a small thing?
*Basil never said thank you*, Alice reminded her. *Our mate is a true man among men*.
Laurel sighed, pushing Alice's thoughts to the back of her mind. 
"Because... I am just an ordinary werewolf, and you are the honored king." Laurel gave him a weak smile. "Obviously, we shouldn't cross paths often."
Adolph laughed, "You should work on your excuses. If you are just an ordinary werewolf, then you should obey my orders, stay close to hear my orders, and obey me promptly."
Laurel huffed and he grinned as he leaned into her space to speak in a low tone. This close, his breath ghosted over her neck and ear, sending a shiver down her spine. The scent of roses, cedar, and blood filled her senses and made her bite her lip to suppress a little moan of desire. 
He smelled so good. She barely held herself back from stepping closer to him.
"Better yet... marry me."
Laurel flushed and went rigid before drawing back sharply, "You promised me you would not force me to--"
"Do I look like a king who won't keep his word?"
Laurel hesitated a little, averting her gaze. Basil had betrayed her. It wasn't a stretch to think that his father would do the same, but she couldn't say that. 
Adolph saw her hesitation. Anger and confusion warred in him. He was actually not very good at pleasing a woman, as he didn't have much experience in that area. Why was she so hesitant to accept him? Money, status, love, and anything she desired within his power would be hers. He'd give her anything. No one could resist that, so why was she?
"What do you want that you think I won't give you?"
Laurel knew being married to Adolph would bring her anything she could desire, but she'd had all of those things. She had been luna. She'd had money and power, and her parents had used her. She'd had status, yet she had never felt worthy of it. There was nothing a noble or royal title could give her that had made her happy. If anything it felt more like a death sentence looming in her future.
Laurel shook her head, "I don't want your money or your power. I want"
She swallowed and lifted her head to meet his gaze, "I want happiness and freedom. You are the king. I would have to be your luna and there is nothing free about the responsibilities you carry."
Adolph narrowed his eyes at her for a moment. She could almost see his thoughts churning before he spoke, "If you were some vulgar woman who just wanted to climb into my bed, I might have said that I'm not the kind of fool who can't make the woman I love happy As it stands, you are not that woman."
Laurel searched his eyes as he continued, "You are capable and kind, smart and thoughtful. Yes, you are right. I am the king, and I have responsibilities, but I am looking for the kind of person who can share that responsibility with me. I want a person to stand beside me as an equal."
Laurel's eyes widened. She hadn't expected Adolph to say something like that. An *equal*? Her?
Hadn't she been burned before thinking that a title was enough to make her anyone's equal? Had she not tried to live up to that title of luna and wife of a great noble before and died for it? Hadn't she been abandoned when someone better suited to Basil's needs had come along? 
"Well," Laurel began. "Then, I'm definitely what you're looking for. I'm nothing like that."
Adolph chuckled, "Oh, I don't need someone to tell me how to judge my mate."
She flinched. It was an arrogant thing to say and not a sentiment she hadn't heard from Basil before.
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "You're thinking of someone else. "
Laurel was stunned. How had he known? There was no way he was that perceptive.
"N-No, that's not--"
"If you're attempting to reject me because of another man, then you had better hide him or you'll have nothing more than a corpse."
Laurel should have been frightened, but she didn't freeze in terror. A little tickle of humor went through her and she tried to keep it closed as Alice howled with laughter in her mind. 
*But that's your son!* Alice cried, cackling. *We should tell him!*
Laurel ignored Alice and forced her expression to be neutral, "Your Majesty, you shouldn't think such things."
"We'll see," Adolph grinned, soft, boyish, and teasing. "You're mine, my mate. Eventually, you'll cave and embrace me completely."
Laurel shook her head and turned to walk. He fell into step beside her as she headed to Sam's tent. He remained silent beside her as she pondered Sam's situation. She had seen many werewolves in the hospital who had never recovered. The one who did had either found a second mate or had simply decided to keep living, distracting themselves from the pain. Many of them ended up back in the hospital before long, but at least in the hospital, they weren't a danger to anyone, not even themselves. She knew of a few who had eventually been able to pick up their lives, but they'd had a family to support them and look after them. She was almost certain that none of them had ever found a second mate despite every effort to make it happen. 
She thought of Sam curled up on the ground sobbing and fighting himself to stay in control. Her heart ached for him. She wondered if he had known his mate long or if they had bonded recently. She glanced at Adolph. She couldn't imagine Adolph showing such pain. How had Adolph managed to survive losing Basil's mother? Everyone knew they had been in a great romance and fated to be together. It was why he'd never married again. 
Had he simply had the strength to fight through the pain? Had he directed his fury and heartbreak into destroying the vampires? 
The thought of his late wife made her a bit bitter. She was only the backup, the second chance mate because the first died giving birth to their son. It was almost ironic that she was also Adolph's second mate after having married his son and helped run the kingdom. 
How far down had he buried the agony of losing his late wife to go on seemingly without problem? If she died, would he forget her the same way? Would it be easier to forget her? 
"What is it?"
"... Is it really painful to lose a mate?"
Adolph frowned, tilting his head in apparent confusion, "Why would you ask me?"
Laurel froze and he stopped walking as well. They stared at each other. What did that mean? Maybe he didn't want to talk about it?
"Y-Your Majesty, I didn't mean to." His expression grew more confused and she was at a loss. "Did you one lose your--"
She shut her mouth as Adolph froze. His expression turned dark, but not angry. There was no melancholy, but a deep bitterness she could almost feel standing so close to him. 
Alice grew a bit wary, *Something isn't right.*
"No," he said, his tone was flat and cold like an echo from an abyss. 
He turned sharply and walked on leaving Laurel to stare at the spot he once stood in shock and confusion. 
###chapter 15: Return to the Imperial City
*Was it all a lie?*
It couldn't be. There had to be something wrong with the situation. Adolph never married after losing his late wife. She remembered being a young girl and hearing about his great love story. She remembered wanting such an undying love for herself. 
People still talked about their romance like a fairytale: the handsome young king meeting a young noblewoman on his way to training and falling in love at first sight. 
Sure, the king of the fairytale was in the midst of war and was honor-bound to leave the Imperial City, the noblewoman waited faithfully for her beloved to return. Laurel remembered stories of her going to the border to see him despite the danger. They had been married at the border before he'd sent her back to the Imperial City for her safety
The entire kingdom had mourned their separation and their story had added to the hatred of the vampires. When the late luna had died giving birth to Basil, the people wept in the streets and the king had refused every suggestion from his ministers to get another wife. She'd been told he could never love again. She'd been told that no one could take that woman's place in his life, in the kingdom, or his heart. Looking back, she was sure that this story of his parents had contributed to Basil's disdain for her and finding a luna. 
Maybe he saw her as spoiling that love story, besmirching the place where his mother had once stood with her low status and her beliefs. 
But how much of that love story was true? 
Was there such a thing as fairytale love in the real world?
Her heart ached and her chest grew tight as if a vice was squeezing it. Was there such a thing as a faithful man in the world? Maybe she was simply unlucky enough to never have met one. She certainly had her fill of lecherous men for a lifetime. 
She scoffed. Basil was the most annoying man she had ever known, yet he was related to the man of her youthful fantasies: strong, loyal, faithful, and deeply in love. Somehow, learning that they weren't mates only made their romance seem more beautiful and Laura's life more pitiful. 
Adolph and his late wife had loved each other faithfully, why hadn't she been given that same chance?
She supposed fairytales were only meant for royals and nobles.
Alice scoffed, *You're not funny. Our mate is better than a fairytale*.
Laurel rolled her eyes. The whole point of a fairytale was that it was the most idyllic version of life. There was no such thing as better than a fairytale. 
*He's real.* Alice quipped. *That makes him better.*
The thought drew her up short, and she pushed it away to go see Sam. She would have to worry about her relationship with Adolph, fairy tales, and everything else later. 

******
The army packed up and continued on the path towards the Imperial City. The more of the surroundings she recognized, the more anxious she grew. The night before they were to arrive in the Imperial City, Laurel didn't sleep. She was dead on her feet in the morning, falling asleep in her meal and shuffling after the soldiers with dark circles under her eyes. 
"You look exhausted," Chasel said. She lifted her gaze to look at him blearily. He gave her a kind smile and dismounted. "I'd offer to put you on my horse, but you'd probably fall asleep and fall off!"
"I'm fine, really."
"I'll look after you. His Majesty must enter on a horse and he'd have all of our heads if something were to happen to you."
She thought of Daniel's shriek of pain and the scent of blood. Then, the sight of the vampire slave's body sprawled in the dirt flashed through her mind.
"... Thank you."
Chasel nodded, walking along beside her with the reins of his horse in his hand. They walked quietly for a while before Sam neared her with a small smile of gratitude. She smiled back at him. He looked much better now, calmer. It made her feel a little lighter. She had done something worthwhile. It made her stand a bit taller. She almost felt some of the pride she'd had as Laura. 
It was almost enough to push her anxiety to the corners of her mind.
The people of the Imperial City pushed in close and crowded the streets as they entered the city. They cheered the procession with drums and screaming, throwing garlands and bouquets from the balconies. Soldiers broke off to greet their loved ones as they marched and Adolph's gaze remained focused on the castle ahead of them. 
The Imperial City had not changed much from the last time she had been there as Laura. She knew the main road didn't lead past the hospital she'd established, but she could smell the orchard behind Cynthia Castle and reminded herself that she wasn't Laura any longer. She would only be in the city long enough to figure out who had killed her and get justice. 
She just had to stay focused on that goal and not worry about anything else. 
Laurel's head pounded at the noise and the thick scent of the flowers being thrown over the parade. There were so many petals in the air it looked like it was snowing flowers and her hair was covered in them. 
Still, it was hard to be too upset. In her three years as luna, she had never seen such a lively scene. Adolph's aura wasn't enough to make the people calm down, overjoyed that he'd returned. 
Despite his reputation, the people seemed to think he was a good king. At the very least, she knew his ability to handle political machinations was better than Basil's and that made her relax a bit. 
Adolph's bright red cloak fluttered in the breeze and she smiled. Slowly, she walked faster to walk closer to where Adolph was in the procession. 
A bouquet of roses soared into the air and he caught them. Laurel tracked where they came from and saw the over-excited woman with a pretty face, screaming his name and clapping in joy. Adolph bent his head and smelled them before giving the woman a small smile and nod of acknowledgment. 
Alice growled and Laurel winced at the sharp prick of pain in her chest. She looked away and walked faster so she walked closer to the front of the procession, so she wouldn't have to see him any longer. Chasel and Sam kept pace with her. 
The procession thinned out as they approached the gates of Cynthia Castle. Standing on the steps of the castle, Basil stood just as handsome as ever, dressed in a fine blue and gold suit that made his eyes seem as blue as the sky. She lowered her head as she felt herself sneering at him. 
Her heart clenched in agony and hatred. How dare he look so happy when she had died? Did he grieve for her at all?
Seeing him there to greet Adolph's return with all the nobles who had sneered and scorned her made her clench her hand with fury. 
Gavin was there just beside Basil with his usual sneer and superior smirk. She hadn't liked him as Laura, but now she loathed him. Another noble was nearby. She didn't remember his name, but she remembered he was just as money-hungry as Gavin and the rest of the nobles. 
The head maid, Tina, had been Basil's nanny and she stood off to the side with the rest of the servants. She had been a mean-spirited woman in Laura's life and held no kindness for anyone except for Basil.
Then, she saw Delia. She almost didn't recognize her wearing the circlet of jewels on her brow and dressed in the finest silk gown Laurel had ever seen. She was far more beautiful dressed as a courtier as if she had been born to be a noblewoman. Laurel doubted she had ever looked so a part of the noble class no matter what she had worn in her past life. She wondered briefly what they had done with all of her possessions after she died.  
Laurel stepped behind a taller soldier. She felt a bit foolish as she was no longer Laura, but it gave her a bit of time to collect herself. 
It didn't matter anyway. The nobles, the servants, Basil, and Delia's attention were on Adolph.
Adolph dismounted and walked up the steps. Basil looked ecstatic, his eyes sparkling as he greeted his father. Adolph seemed subdued, but his tone seemed gentle. He embraced his son briefly, and they exchanged words. 
Basil laughed. She didn't remember him ever being so happy. It was enough to make her blood burn and her stomach turn. She focused on her purpose for coming to the Imperial City and tried to block out everything else.
Then, Basil's voice rang out above the noise, breaking Laurel's concentration.
"I'm so glad you came back in time, father! Any later and you might have missed my wedding!"


###chapter 16: Idiocy
Basil beamed up at his father, overjoyed to see him. He didn't think he could have ever been happier than the moment the news came that his father had defeated the vampires, but seeing his father back in the Imperial City and being able to hug him made his heart swell with joy. When the news had arrived, he embraced Delia and commissioned new gowns for her to celebrate how much luck she seemed to have brought to the kingdom and prepare her to meet his father. 
Their wedding would be the perfect capstone and celebration of the werewolf kingdom's victory. 
"Father," Basil said, placing his arm around Delia and presenting her to Adolph proudly. "This is my mate and soon-to-be wife, Delia."
She trembled a bit but didn't resist. 
Delia had been nervous since that morning. She'd washed her hair three times, changed at least five times, and went through her entire jewelry collection trying to find an outfit that would make her look like the perfect daughter-in-law-to-be. Basil had tried to tell her that it would be fine, but he'd let her do as she pleased. 
It was normal that people were afraid of him. Even he was a bit afraid of his father.
Adolph's expression lost all warmth and his eyes grew cold as they fell on Basil. Basil was a bit affronted by the sudden change. How could his father not be interested in his wedding at all? At his mate? Had he even looked at her fully? 
His cheeks burned. Did he not approve of her? How could he not, she was his mate!
Adolph turned sharply, headed toward the castle doors.
"Chasel," Adolph called. "Get the soldiers settled."
Adolph walked into the castle. The ministers hurried after him. Delia squeezed his arm, but before he could soothe her, Adolph stopped as if he'd remembered something. 
He turned and looked back at the procession, scanning the crowd before turning around and approaching a petite young woman. He had never seen her before and had no clue as to what she could be doing with his father. Her dress was cut from a rough material, so he supposed she was a commoner from somewhere in the kingdom. Maybe his father had rescued her?
Her eyes were as green as emeralds in her face. Her long black hair gleamed in the sunlight. Though she seemed a bit tired, there was no denying that she was a beautiful young woman. Still, he sneered. She was obviously a commoner. 
She was probably just the maid in charge of washing the soldier's clothes. Basil would have to tell his father they had a full staff already, so she would have to find work elsewhere.
"Tina," Adolph called, looking at the young woman. "This is Laurel. Find her the best room you can in the castle and a good maid."
Basil's eyes widened. What? Who was this girl?
"She is to have whatever she desires. Am I understood?"
Tina stammered her response as the young woman, Laurel, turned bright red and a bit distraught. She was not nearly as surprised or troubled as Basil was watching the scene.
"Your Majesty--" she began as Adolph pointed to two soldiers. 
"You will be her lead guard for now."
"Your Majesty, that really isn't--"
"Laurel," Adolph said, his tone more gentle than Basil had ever heard it. "Go get some rest. It has been a long journey."
Laurel opened her mouth a few times to protest, it seemed, but eventually, she just lowered her head, nodded, and followed Tina and her new guards. Basil watched her go, curiously. He had never seen his father act that way towards anyone: protective, gentle, tender almost.
Who the hell was she?
Once she was gone, Adolph continued into the castle. Basil was about to order attendants to make sure his bath was run to his liking, but Adolph didn't turn towards his wing. Instead, he headed towards the throne room where official ministry meetings were held with the king. No one had entered the room since he'd gone to the border for anything more than dusting. 
"Draw the curtains," Adolph said as he walked in. Servants hurried forward to do his bidding as he approached the throne chair. 
The ministers seemed nervous, following behind him.
"Your Majesty, would you not care for a--"
"Tell me how my kingdom has fared in these past years," Adolph said and looked at Basil. 
His grandfather, Gavin, stepped forward, clearing his throat, "Quite well, Your Majesty."
Adolph sat on his throne and glared at him, "When has such an answer ever sufficed, Minister Mirabelle?"
"O-Of course, Your Majesty. I only meant" He cleared his throat and began to explain. "The kingdom's exports have remained steady over the past four years, and"
The entire ministry entered the room along with Basil. Basil kept Delia outside for the sake of her nerves as his grandfather continued to answer Adolph's question, yet it didn't seem as though any of the answers were good enough for him. Adolph called for the account book of the kingdom to be brought to him while Gavin was answering him. 
With the book in hand, his question grew more pointed starting from the harvesting revenue through the trade.
"And the budgetary deficit?" Adolph asked, "What are all of these large expenses for?"
"Oh, well, I would need to see the accounts to be able to answer"
Basil frowned. It was such a strange question, and the questions that followed were even stranger. Why did Adolph ask about these things in so much detail? It was expensive to hold banquets and reward nobles for their loyalty. It was all normal, why was he causing such a fuss?
Gavin felt a bead of sweat trickle down his forehead as he tried to finesse his answer. He had been a minister since Adolph first ascended to the throne over twenty years ago. He had been hoping that Adolph would have died during the war so that he could control Basil as he pleased. He'd never been prepared for Adolph to return victorious and so keen to get involved with the affairs of the kingdom so quickly. There hadn't been enough time to manipulate the books. 
"Well, Prince Basil's previous wife, Laura, tended to spend a great deal of money on various, selfish endeavors. We admit that her whims were pricey and to the detriment of the kingdom."
Basil sighed, "That is true. She wasted so much money building hospitals for wolves who've lost their mates. It was ridiculous since there are already so many hospitals. There was no need for a special one. Then, schools, and developing an orchard as if the kingdom doesn't have enough--"
"Why?" Adolph asked. "Why an orchard?"
Gavin cleared his throat, "She--"
Basil cut his grandfather off, "She said it was to provide the soldiers with good produce, but obviously, such a thing should have been left to the merchants and the farmers around the Imperial City! She wasted a lot of money on the orchard and delivery chain like an idiot--"
Gavin tried to cut in, "What he--"
Adolph sneered at him, "When did your luna die, Basil?"
Basil grit his teeth, "She was not my luna. She was just an ordinary woman She died four months ago. Apparently, she tripped over the edge of a cliff."
Adolph slammed the account book and glared at them. Basil stiffened. 
"Four months ago?"
"Y-Yes," Basil said. "What's wrong?"
Adolph sat back, his expression cold, "For the past several years, the food delivered to the camps on the borders was immaculate. We never had a single problem with it and it was of great quality. I directed food monitoring efforts to the patrol and training to better utilize our manpower. Three months ago, someone poisoned a delivery of food."
Basil gasped in horror as did the rest of the ministers. He knew the border was dangerous, but he had never imagined that the vampires had managed to poison a delivery. He never thought them capable of such a thing. It was a good thing that he'd turned over such matters to the merchants when he did, or who knew how many other supply deliveries would have been poisoned? 
"Vampires had poisoned the food in transit, hoping to kill me, specifically. Vampires seized the opportunity and attacked our camp. I was too late to respond and one of my most loyal warriors died saving my life. Luckily, my doctors had the antidote, and we were able to fight them off."
Basil glanced at his grandfather. His expression was unreadable, but he could see the sweat rolling down his face. The rest of the ministers looked outright terrified. Why were they so nervous? It was a strange story, but his father was just fine, and giving the duty of delivering the food to the merchants had taken care of such things. Laura's little initiative had nearly gotten his father killed!
"I'm so glad that you're okay, father. If she--"
"She is not to blame! You are!" Adolph growled, "Your idiocy nearly got me killed and cost the life of a good man!"
###chapter 17: Affirmation
Laurel followed Tina through the palace, barely listening to anything she was saying to the servants or what the knights were saying. Seeing Basil with Delia again had been harder than she imagined. She didn't feel herself stepping back into her old memories, but it was a dreadfully uncanny feeling. 
They were getting married soon which meant Laura had been dead for maybe two or three months? Four months at the most as Basil was known for his extravagance and would certainly make their wedding far more luxurious than his and Laura's wedding had been. 
She had been swept away by his handsome face and his power. As the heir to the kingdom and an alpha wolf, he had been the perfect fairytale prince. She'd seen in his acceptance a chance to prove that she was worthy of her place in the world. She had thought she would find love too, but none of those feelings remained. 
She hadn't even felt a twinge of jealousy seeing them together as she had then. 
All of Laura's bittersweet feelings of longing and anguish had turned to a wave of vengeful anger and hatred in her heart. It didn't matter that she'd spent three years pining for his love. They had humiliated her. Basil was the husband who had abandoned her, and Delia was the slut who had seduced them. Would anyone expect her to look upon either of them kindly even if they weren't more or less responsible for Laura's death? 
Had Basil not seen fit to humiliate her and banish her that night, she wouldn't have run off into the woods. The person would have never been able to shove her over the edge of that cliff. 
Could one of them have murdered her? It was possible, though Laurel wasn't fully convinced. 
Delia was just a survivor of a rogue attack, or so she said. She had been beloved by Basil quickly and had him completely enthralled. Laura, who had never even so much as hugged her husband, was no threat to her.  
Between the two of them, Basil had to be the more likely of the two. For what reason, she didn't know but resentment could have been reason enough. She would have to look into it further.
But how?
She was not luna. She couldn't wander around questioning people. She was already staying in the castle at Adolph's order, but that wouldn't give her free reign. 
"This way," Tina said, stiffly. 
She remembered all at once her predicament and her face heated with embarrassment. When Adolph had started to order arrangements to be made for her, the ministers had looked at her, the guards of the palace had too. Basil had stared at her outright. It had been nerve-racking, but worse than that was to have to follow Tina to her arrangements. 
She had been hired by Adolph's late wife and later became Basil's nanny, but the woman treated herself as though she was Basil's beloved stepmother. Tina had never thought Laura was worthy enough to be Basil's wife and spent the last three years of Laura's life making things difficult for her. 
She hated Tina almost as much as the woman had hated Laura. The moment Tina had given Laurel the same look of contempt she had given Laura years ago, Laurel knew that not only would Tina be difficult, but she would not find a good room for her. Thankfully, Adolph thoughtfully gave her two guards, Sam and Lynn. Tina would, at the least, be forced to behave accordingly when they were around.
"Here you are."
She looked into the small room near the kitchen. It was completely against Adolph's orders, but Laurel wasn't going to complain. 
There was a lot of gossip in the kitchens. 
"The day starts promptly at dawn. You--"
"She's not a maid," Sam growled at Tina.
"And who are you--"
"It's okay," Laurel said with a smile, placing a gentle hand on Sam's shoulder. "I'm just a country girl. Being the maid of a grand palace is way better than I expected."
"Well, at least someone knows their place," Tina sniffed haughtily and walked off. 
Laurel shook her head and turned to Sam, "Don't worry about me. I'll be just fine. How are you?"
Sam froze and averted his gaze, "I I'll be fine."
She squeezed his shoulder, "You will be. I'll be sure to advise the king to hold a mating ceremony for the people who have lost their mates as soon as possible."
He averted his gaze, seemingly uncomfortable and she gave him a gentle smile. 
"I'm not saying you have to go, but if you're ready to If you *want* to, that is."
Sam's gaze met hers and he nodded stiffly, "I Thank you for your concern I don't think anyone else really understands"
His jaw trembled a bit before he cleared his throat, "Thank you again, that is For calming me back then."
Laurel nodded, "You don't need to thank me for doing what should be done, or caring about your well-being."
Sam gave her a soft smile filled with gratitude. didn't seem convinced, but he nodded stiffly. Seeing that there were no threats within the room, they left her alone. 
Laurel whistled and dusted the room before going to pump water from the castle maid's well for a bath. She was so tired from the lack of sleep, but she dressed again and went to go find Adolph to speak with him just as she promised. 
She didn't find Adolph, but she did find Chasel. He was busy replacing some of Adolph's castle-bound retinue with soldiers from the front lines. 
"You haven't even taken a nap yet?" Chasel asked. "Please tell me what I can do to get you in bed and resting before he has a fit?"
Laurel laughed, "I need to speak with His Majesty."
Chasel groaned, "He's in a meeting with the ministers and the prince."
He turned, "Please take her to the king's throne room."
"I--" She closed her mouth, remembering that she was no longer Laura and how strange it would be for her to know the way though she'd never been to the castle. "Thank you, Chasel."
She followed the soldier down the corridors with a bit of melancholy nostalgia. When she was Laura, she used to walk the halls to oversee the maids' work and to sort out her thoughts. Sarah would never be far behind. 
She wondered where Sarah was and resolved to put that on her list of things to find out. As they approached the grand corridor and the golden gates that led towards the king's throne room, she heard Adolph roar of fury. 
She and the knight froze in place. Why would Adolph be screaming at the ministers and what would they be screaming about? 
Was it about her actions as Laura? Was even Adolph upset about her efforts? 
They drew nearer and Laurel strained her hearing, but she didn't need to. Adolph was loud enough to be heard in the corridor. 
"She is not to blame! You are!" Adolph growled, "Your idiocy nearly got me killed and cost the life of a good man!"
What could they be talking about? 
"B-But--"
"You should have continued her efforts to ensure the safety of the food or Jack would still be alive!"
What did that mean? Why they talked about Jack?
Her heart clenched with anxiety as she thought about it. So long as the food was delivered by an armored guard from the orchard behind the castle, the food was safe. 
How long after her death had they turned over the food deliveries to merchants? They'd left the food deliveries to human merchants as they had been urging her to do. Then, the food had been compromised. Adolph told her that Jack had died saving his life, but he never mentioned that he too had almost died, let alone due to poisoning. She had just imagined that Jack had taken a mortal blow on the battlefield in place of Adolph. 
She gasped in horror as her pain seemed so tight it would burst. She felt sick and her eyes burned with tears. 
"Miss?"
It was such an easily avoided death! All they had to do was continue sending food from the orchard along the routes she'd established.
How could Basil and Gavin let that happen? 
She knew that Basil was not careful in handling state affairs and just relied on the ministers, especially his grandfather, Gavin. Fury burned in her. Gavin was a money-hungry, power-crazed man who only did what was in his best interest. Of course, he entrusted the food deliveries to his small collection of merchants who gave him enormous kickbacks to ensure they were always chosen for royal deliveries. It was the reason he, especially, had been so against her efforts and had done everything he could to block her. 
Now, his greed had killed Jack and nearly killed the king. 
She hoped he got the justice he deserved. She peeked through the slightly open door and saw Gavin's unreadable face.
"And you! Are you really my son? Are you really learning how to be a prince or a puppet?  Listening is a virtue, but only stupid people listen to *stupid* advice! Your wife did everything a good luna should have done, and you mock her death? You mock her care for the people who have been affected by the war? Not even the lowest commoner would scold his wife for her virtues!"
Basil said nothing, frozen in fear and staring at his father. She had never seen him look so scared.
"I don't care what kind of woman you marry, but your late wife has done a lot for the kingdom. She was a qualified luna, at least more qualified than you to lead in my stead. She is dead, and you show no respect to her memory? Yet you plan to marry another woman before her grave can even be truly settled? Where have your manners and royal upbringing gone?"
Laurel gasped, a shuddering little sound as tears rolled down her cheeks and she trembled. The last three years of Laura's life seemed to gleam with new meaning, losing the bitter tinge of regret. 
No one had ever acknowledged her efforts as meaningful. 
No one except Adolph, who had never met his poor daughter-in-law. 


###chapter 18: The Dinner
"Are you alright, miss?"
She couldn't answer the guard or acknowledge his concern. She didn't have the words to express what she was feeling. It was threatening to burst out of her chest. She couldn't face Adolph like this.
"I think you can enter now."
She shook her head, whirled around, and ran back to her room as fast as she could manage. If the soldier meant to follow her, she didn't hear him.
Grief and relief warred in her. If only Adolph had been around to say such things when she was Laura. If only things had been different, they would have been in a completely different place and she would have never had to suffer the last few moments of her past life regretting being luna. The goddess had given her a chance to live again, but the affirmation of her worth and her efforts had come too late. She was grateful that Laura would be remembered by at least someone as having a meaningful life, but it wasn't enough to lay her to rest. 
She reached her room and closed the door behind her. She let the tears fall freely and smothered her sobs in her hands.
Adolph's words swirled in her mind, easing some of her pain and rebuilding the pride she once had. 
Adolph was a merciless man, but he was a wise kind. She had known in her youth that he had been an idyllic existence to her. Looking back, those feelings had founded her infatuation with Basil and added to her willingness to shoulder the blame of them not working out and all of her feelings of inferiority.
She was no longer blind to Basil's faults nor the shallowness of her feelings towards him, let alone her naivete. She'd known then that the ministers are more interested in lining their pockets than serving the kingdom.
Basil had enjoyed his status and position, but he had little interest in the plights of the common people. It had been a harsh realization she was only just now allowing herself to have. Harsher still because of what it could do to her youthful musings about Adolph as a king.
She was glad that her feelings about Adolph had been right and that she could spare just a bit of her youthful innocence from destruction. 
She could no longer be luna. She wouldn't be able to deal with that life again, but she could still assist Adolph as she was. 
Perhaps coming to the Imperial City wasn't a bad thing at all. Maybe she wouldn't leave after finding Laura's killer. Even as a maid, she could lead a happy, meaningful life in service to the kingdom.
Exhaustion weighed down her eyelids. As much as she wanted, she was too emotionally drained and physically exhausted to try and go back to the throne room. She would just have to wait to speak to Adolph about the mating ceremony after she slept. She crawled into bed and surrendered to sleep. 

It was nearly dark when she woke up. Her stomach rumbled with hunger. She straightened her clothes and exited the room to find Sam and Lynn standing outside the door. They each smiled at her. 
"Glad you're awake," Lynn said. "It's time to move."
"What?" Laurel gasped. "Why?"
"The king's orders."
She pouted and glowered at them, "You snitched!"
Sam chuckled, "If only. The king came to visit you but when he saw the room, he was appalled and ordered you to be moved o a better room of your choosing. He didn't want to wake you up, so he ordered us to move you when you woke up and assigned you a few maids. What kind of room do you want?" 
Laurel almost groaned. She should have known that Adolph wouldn't stand for it for long. 
"A guest room is fine. Nothing luxurious, but comfortable enough." Laurel worried her lip and looked at Sam. "Could you find a maid named Sarah for me?"
Sam nodded, "Of course. I'll ask around. Lynn will show you the way and we'll meet you there."
Laurel knew from the past that Lynn was leading her to the guest suites and sighed with relief as they arrived at the blue guest suite. It was one of her favorite guest suites and one she had spent a great deal of time decorating for visiting nobles.
She gasped seeing Sarah there. Her heart was filled with relief though she was troubled. Sam was speaking to Sarah gently, tenderly and it made her smile. Sarah was thinner than she remembered, but she was glad that Tina had not kicked her out of the castle. 
"It's a pleasure to meet you," Laurel said with a grin. "Tell me about yourself?"
Sarah seemed hesitant, but she put on her best smile and told her that she had once been the lady-in-waiting to the late luna. When Laura died, she had been assigned to do the scrubbing and cleaning of the dungeons and stables. Sarah assured her that she had not resented her reassignment, she only wished she had been able to help Laura in the end or at least say a proper farewell before her death.
Laurel regretted the way things turned out, but she was glad that Sarah had not changed. Her hands had become calloused and rough, but her eyes were clear and honest still. Sarah smiled back at her, and it felt as though she was meeting Sarah again for the first time but without the added pressure of being luna. She had to work hard to prove herself worthy of the position and Sarah's unflinching loyalty, but they hit it off right away.
There was a melancholic glimmer in her eyes as Sarah spoke to her. Perhaps Laurel's similar features to Laura helped ease the way.
"Miss Laurel, the king also extended an invitation to dinner."
Laurel moaned, "Why would you tell me such a thing *now*?"
Royal dinners usually started very early. She had likely already slept through several courses.
"The king said that you should take your time to prepare," Sam said. 
That was easier said than done. Though Laurel was sure that Adolph had ordered it, she couldn't appear to refuse the invitation.
Sarah was as quick as she remembered. Sarah helped her freshen up and change before sending her off to dinner with Sam and Lynn as her escorts.
The dining room was decorated with all the finery of a grand feast as she hurried in and met gazes with Adolph.
He smiled at her and for a moment she was stunned by his appearance. He had changed out of his armor and dressed in a fine red and gold suit. His crown rested on his brow, barely noticeable but regal. 
She'd always thought Basil's crown looked strange on his head as if it were too big, but Adolph's was well-suited.
"Am I late, Your Majesty?" She winced, realizing she had not even greeted him properly, and barged in unannounced. 
In the corner of her eye, she saw Basil and Delia seared near the head of the table and felt even more ridiculous. Adolph rose from his seat and rounded the table towards her.
"My apologies, Your--"
"You're not late," Adolph said and offered her his arm. "Shall we?"
She took his arm, hesitantly, and followed him towards the head of the table, his smile had brightened from the moment they touched and she smiled back at him.
He ushered her to her seat, pulled out her chair, and pushed her up to the table with all the grace and courtesy a man of his station should have.
Her face burned with embarrassment though her heart fluttered. 
Adolph regained his seat and announced the start of dinner.
She avoided the gaze of Basil and Delia, though she could feel them gawking at her. How was she supposed to know he would stall the dinner until she arrived?
She focused on lifting her fork and knife with grace and keeping the silverware from scraping against the plate. Basil had often criticized her etiquette in her past life, yet he said nothing today and Delia's etiquette was barely elevated above the etiquette of a commoner.
Had he always just been hypercritical of her? Perhaps all of her doubts about her performance were unfounded?
They managed to get through most of the dinner quietly. When dessert was being served, Basil interrupted the quiet.
"Who is this young woman, father?"
She was shocked. The Basil she knew would have used a rude word. Who knew Basil could act like a child on his best behavior in front of his father?
Adolph barely glanced at Basil, "This is my mate, Laurel."
Basil and Delia gasped. Basil's fork slipped from his hand and clattered to the floor. Laurel's eyes widened in shock. How could Adolph just say it so boldly?
Alice hummed, *He's the king*.
"How is this possible?"
"Are you questioning me?"
He flinched, "N-No, of course not, father is she your second chance mate?
Adolph did not answer.
###chapter 19: Tempted
Basil didn't ask anything else and they finished dessert in silence. Adolph ushered her from the dining room. They walked for a while before she asked her where her room had been moved.
"W-Why?"
"So I can escort you to your room."
"That's really not necessary."
"It's my castle, is it not?"
"Well, yes"
Adolph quirked an eyebrow at her and she sighed.
"The blue guest suite."
He smiled and led her through the corridors towards the guest suites. It was still a bit grating, but she was getting used to his high-handed tactics.
"What if you had been put in a maid's room again? I would never let my mate sleep in a place like that."
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment. She wanted to tell him she wasn't his mate, but Alice's growl of contentment was threatening to escape if she said anything. 
"I was very happy."
"What do you mean?"
"When you came to the dining room, you ran straight to me" His voice turned low and sultry, making her heart race. "You smelled great, and your face was like a red apple, tempting me to take a bite."
Was he flirting with her? Laurel tries not to stiffen up or pull away. She wanted to be angry even as Alice was overflowing with happiness.
"I-I wasn't trying to tempt--"
"Didn't you notice? Your eyes were only on me. You didn't seem to see anyone in the room. Actions of our subconscious show us how we really feel" He looked at her, holding her captive with his gaze. "Does this mean that you don't actually want to reject me as much as you seem to?"
*Of course not!* Alice cried. *Why would we ever reject such a--*
Laurel averted her gaze, "I-I didn't I was just afraid I was late, and"
She glanced back at him and found him smiling tenderly and with a little amusement like he was looking at a little girl trying to make excuses after she thought she made a mistake. It was strangely indulgent though not condescending. She didn't know what else to say or how to navigate most of their interactions. 
Adolph was so mature and assured of himself. He didn't need to push off his issues on her, yet he drew her in with every word and smile. He knew just how to tease her to fluster her but not offend her.
How was she supposed to resist? She had no defense against him. She had only dealt with men like Lucas and Basil before: a lecherous jerk just looking for a pretty woman to sleep with or a jerk who treats his wife like a sister who is meant to feed, clothe, and wipe her little brother's ass.
He said she was tempting him, but he was the one tempting her! 
"Relax. I won't force you to make a decision. I promised you."
Sarah was cleaning the room when they arrived. She stumbled, startled by Laurel entering with Adolph behind her. She seemed nervous before she quickly dropped into a curtsey.  
"Welcome back, Miss Laurel."
"Thank you, Sarah Could you leave me for the night?"
"Of course, Miss. Have a good night."
She curtsied again and left them alone, closing the door behind her as she left. Laurel turned to Adolph and found him looking around the room. Though he was usually very stoic, his face showed his discontent with the room. 
"What is it?"
"... There are better rooms in the castle."
Laurel shook her head and tried not to be offended, given Laura's hard work on this room. 
"It is nicer than the other guest rooms, but" Adolph huffed. 
Laurel scoffed. What was he suggesting? That she should move into the *luna's* suites. She shuddered at the thought. She had never lived in that suite as Tina had never opened it for her and Basil had never made mention of it.  She had never felt worthy to live in them anyway.
Her room as Basil's wife had been lavish, but she never wanted to live in that suite again. Gold lined every surface. The windows were made of fine stained glass, and every inch of it was meant to dazzle and show the wealth and power of the werewolf kingdom. It was a princess' room. 
It was luxurious, but it was just a prison.
"I like this room very much," Laurel said and she lifted her head. "Also, I've been thinking about Sam and all the soldiers and civilians who lost their mates during the war. I hope to help them find their second chance mate as soon as possible."
Adolph nodded, "I've been thinking about it as well. You have an idea, I take it?"
Her heart fluttered and she nodded, excited and hopeful, grateful that he seemed interested in listening to her. 
"Why not hold a mating ceremony? All the young wolves who are not yet mated can participate, of course, so we won't miss anyone."
Adolph looked at her thoughtfully and smiled, "Your father taught you well. He would have been proud to see you like this."
Laurel shied away from his attention, "I-It's just a suggestion Though the sooner the mating ceremony is held the better. Ba-- I mean, Prince Basil's wedding is coming soon, so it will have to be delayed--"
Adolph shook his head, "You don't need to worry about that, I have a solution."
Laurel was curious about what he had in mind, but eventually, she nodded. A few moments of silence passed with them looking at one another and his scent filling her senses. She struggled to keep Alice quiet in her mind and gave him an awkward smile.
"W-Well, Your Majesty. It's late," She walked to the door. "The long journey must have exhausted you, I hope you have a good rest."
She was a little giddy about his reassurances and the scent of him filling the room.
"You as well, Laurel," Adolph said and stepped towards her. The warmth of his lips on her forehead made her shiver with tenderness and wanting. She leaned forward, closing her eyes as he began to draw away before catching herself and hoping he hadn't noticed. "Good night, my mate."
Adolph opened the door and left. He had turned the corner before Laurel brought a hand up to her forehead in disbelief and wonder. 
Was that a goodnight kiss? Her father hadn't even given her a goodnight kiss! Her forehead still felt warm as she closed the door and leaned against it. 
Alice howled and squealed her happiness, and even Laurel had to smile at the gesture. Her heart was still racing as she changed for bed and crawled into bed. 

*******
She slept longer than she thought she would and woke up as Sarah was setting up breakfast in the attached parlor. She was diligent, but it was clear she wanted to ask something. She wrung her hands and Laurel chuckled. 
"What is it, Sarah?"
"I don't mean to be rude, Miss Laurel, but who was that man yesterday?" She looked troubled. "I've never seen him before..."
"That was King Adolph Raymond."
Sarah gasped, slapping her hands to her cheeks in shock, "Oh, my! I've heard he's terrifying!"
She wasn't wrong but Laurel smiled, "Sometimes, but he's a very good king. He helped me."
Sarah frowned and Laurel invited her to sit with her. Sarah sat hesitantly and listened. 
"My father, Jack, died to protect the king. I don't have any other family. King Adolph brought me back to the Imperial City."
Sarah nodded, "I'm so surprised. That's nothing like what I've heard of him And I thought for sure you were some sort of noble"
"I'm just an ordinary girl like you. You are my first friend in my castle."
It was a bit bittersweet to say. Sarah had always been her first friend. As luna, she hadn't been able to tell Sarah that due to the difference in station, but she'd tried to show it as much as possible. As Laurel, she was free to befriend Sarah because they were both just commoners. 
Sarah's eyes glimmered with tears and they spilled down her cheeks, "I-I I don't know why, miss, but you remind me of"
Laurel's heart sped up in fear, but she asked, calmly, "Who?"
"The former luna, Laura, Prince Basil's late wife."
Had she given herself away somehow, or was it just her general demeanor? Perhaps it was just her appearance? Regardless, since they were on the topic of Laura, maybe she could get some information from Sarah about what happened after she died. 
"I know she died. King Adolph seemed furious about what happened to her," she worried her lip, hoping her act was convincing. "Would you tell me what happened to her?"
Sarah let out a broken sob and buried her face in her hand, "She died in an accidental fall off a cliff."
Laurel was not surprised that was all she knew. She doubted anyone besides her, the goddess, and the killer knew she'd been murdered. 
"Did they find the body?"
Sarah nodded as she wiped her eyes, "She was the nicest person I've ever met, but Prince Basil buried her with the commoners and didn't even give her a good funeral! He said he was ashamed of her, even the way she died How could he say that? My poor luna, her parents did not even come to attend her funeral."
Laurel immediately sat up straight as a strike of apprehension tore through her. Of course, her *parents*! She didn't expect them to be so heartless as to not even come to their daughter's funeral, no matter how they broke off their relationship. Did they hate her so much in the end? 
*Why* hadn't they paid their last respects? Her stomach churned nervously. The thought was powerful, the fear that followed even more so, but she tried to push it away, but it resisted her effort. 
Could her parents have shoved their ungrateful daughter off a cliff as revenge?

###chapter 20: The Orphanage
She tried to push the thought away, but it persisted and morphed, drawing up the potential ways they had found where she ran to. Had they been lying in wait for her in the forest? Had they bribed someone to follow her and kill her? What did they get out of her? Was it possible that they were in league with Basil?
The more she thought about it, the darker her mood became. None of the questions were answered easily and she despaired at the thought of any of it being true. 
Sarah seemed to notice it and stood with a cheerful smile. 
"My luna is in a better place now, and she wouldn't want us to spend such a lovely day inside discussing such morbid things." Laurel looked at her, a little hopeless but charmed by her change in mood. Sarah had always been able to brighten her mood. "Let's go for a walk! I can show you around the castle."
Laurel smiled and agreed. She was right. Had she remained dead, she would have wanted Sarah to find all the happiness she could. As it stood, Laurel wanted to explore all the happiness Laura had been denied, starting with the joy of having a real friend in Sarah. She followed Sarah out of her suite and down to the main section of the castle. Servants hustled around, moving tapestries, rolling up rugs, cleaning windows, and shining candelabras. 
It was a scene she was sort of familiar with, but the energy was fretful. The last time the castle had been cleaned had been at her direction to receive visiting nobles. She wondered what they were preparing for as they should have been done with the cleaning to receive Adolph's return, then she saw a familiar length of silk that was used in marriage ceremonies. 
She almost laughed at her foolishness. How could she forget that Basil was set on marrying Delia? It seemed that he was not postponing the wedding despite Adolph's reprimand. 
What a *touching* love. It's what she would think if she didn't remember how rushed her wedding to Basil had been. Basil hadn't taken it seriously at all. To see him put so much energy and time into preparing for his marriage to Delia made her blood boil. 
She didn't want to look at it any longer and turned to Sarah, "Is there a chance we could leave the castle? I've never been to the Imperial City."
She shook her head, "Not without permission from the head maid"
Laurel grimaced. She'd forgotten about that and she knew that Tina would never permit Sarah to leave the castle with Laurel. She considered it and went to Sam and Lynn for advice. 
Lynn frowned and Sam replied, "Why not ask Chasel? He outranks the head maid."
She had never considered that, but he was right. Finding Chasel was the harder part. He was on the castle grounds, directing the soldiers through training when Laurel found him. He called a stop to the exercise upon seeing her and hurried over to her. 
"Is there something wrong?" he asked, his eyes wide with anxiety. "Please tell me there's nothing wrong."
She shook her head, "there's nothing wrong. I just wanted to leave the castle and take Sarah with me, but there is an issue?"
"The head maid?" Chasel asked and scoffed, waving her off. "Please, take your guard and enjoy yourself in the city. I will tell her myself and give her a piece of my mind about her ideas about a good room while I'm at it!"
She laughed and joined arms with Sarah, laughing and hurrying out of the castle. She thought to get Sam and Lynn, given Chasel's request, but she disregarded it. They were in the Imperial City, the safest city in the entire kingdom. Besides, they deserved a bit of time to have fun as young women free of the trappings of their stations. Sarah breathed deeply as they walked out of the gates towards the bustling city. The smell of freshly baked bread and the sound of people haggling in the market filled the air. The scent of fresh spices and warm mead drifted out of the doors of an inn as they passed. The streets were still littered with flower petals from the procession, though the roads were clear enough for horses and people to walk. 
They stopped at nearly every stall on the street that sold something and ate as they walked. She and Sarah didn't have a lot of money, but the snacks on the main road were surprisingly cheap. Something darted into their path with a growl and Laurel stopped as a pair of wolf cubs tumbled and tussled with one another. 
"That's very dangerous," Laurel said, pulling them apart. "What if you hurt someone?"
They looked ashamed, lowering their heads. 
"Sorry, miss," they said. "We'll be more careful"
She gave them each a roll from the bag she had and a smile before sending them away. Seeing them, she thought of the school and orphanage she established and helped run for war orphans. Most of the children were there because they had lost their parents, but the rest were there because their parents were unable to care for them. After all, they had lost their mates. 
She pretended to wander, following her memory of the city to where the orphanage was. She expected classes to be in session and children running in the yard, yet the iron gates were wide open. In place of children, there were a bunch of men and women carrying tables and chairs out of the building. It seemed they were taking everything out. A man was carrying a box of pots and pans out the front door. 
She forgot herself and ran towards them, blocking a man at the front door.
"Miss Laurel!" Sarah called.
"What are you doing?" Laurel yelled, "How dare you steal from this place!"
The man sneered at her. He looked dirty and smelled dirty too. The rest of them looked annoyed with her, but she didn't back down. 
"This place has been abandoned for a long time! The teachers have all left, and no one's coming to take care of it," he growled. "The nobles don't give a damn about this place, and the luna is dead. Who cares if we take something?"
There was a whimper that drew her attention and she looked around the man. A small group of children, no older than six or seven years old, were clinging to an older man who could have easily been Adolph's age, though without the muscle Adolph had acquired on the front lines. Their eyes were wide and glossy with terror as he tried to calm them and glared hard points into the thief's back. 
How dare he lie to her face like this!
"Miss Laurel," Sarah said, coming up to her and taking her by her arm. "You really shouldn't--"
"How dare you lie to my face? Have you no shame stealing from children? Those children's parents fought for the kingdom! They protected us all and here you are stealing from their children like a traitorous coward! There are vampires with more honor than you!"
Everyone was shocked, including the man's comrades. The fact that they were so much larger than her and that there were so many more of them didn't cross her mind. She was furious. The sight of those kids cowering from these thieves only made her think of Laura's death and how the ministers let her efforts go to the wayside for the sake of their profit margin. 
She thought of Jack's completely avoidable death and wondered how many other people had been affected by Laura's sudden death like this.
She heard wolves coming up behind them, and Sarah gave out a frightful gasp. Her heart lurched in her chest. Sarah drew closer to her in fear. Two of the thieves flushed bright red and put the tables they'd been carrying on the ground, apparently ashamed. The other however didn't. They bared their teeth at her and blocked the path leading back to the main road. 
The two biggest of the group growled at her, "Who the fuck are you to talk to us like that? Huh?"
The man standing in front of her hissed in her face, "You'd better go back to wherever you came from, girl, or you'll end up hurt."
Laurel growled back defiantly, sneering up at him, "You think I'm afraid of a pathetic--"
The man lifted his hand. Sarah screamed and Laurel closed her eyes, bracing for the pain, but unable to regret it. 
The man screamed, shocking her, and her eyes flew open to find out what happened.
The man wasn't standing in front of her any longer but was curled up on the ground, howling in agony. In his place was a different man. He was faced away from her, but she recognized his broad shoulders and the cut of his waist. In place of his black armor, there was a rich leather vest over a plain white shirt. He wasn't wearing his cloak, a crown, or any obvious sign of his station, but there was no mistaking the sword on his belt or his scent.
"Your Majesty?"

###chapter 21: The School
"Miss Laurel left with her maid, Sarah to tour the city," Chasel told him and Adolph frowned. He had seen Sam and Lynn still on the castle grounds. 
Chasel huffed, "While I'm sure they'll be fine in the Imperial City, I wish she would have taken her escort."
Adolph chuckled and left Chasel. He lifted the hood attached to his vest over his head and left the palace with a few nods to the guards. The road into the Imperial City had been cleaned, but the flowers still littered the lower streets and colored the air with a soft floral scent. It was pleasant enough and made him remember that he should go take a look at the orchard the late luna had established. 
With any luck, it hadn't fallen too far into disrepair and could be used to continue producing food for the army and whoever else needed it. 
He sighed. It was such a tragedy that he had never met his daughter-in-law. Based on her efforts, she had been such a bright young woman. He hoped his lecture had settled in Basil's mind, and the ministers would act appropriately. 
He doubted it, but he shoved those thoughts to the back of his mind. Basil and the ministers would have to wait. It was time he walked his city and spent some time with his mate outside of the palace walls. 
It had been a while since he'd been back in the Imperial City. Adolph wondered what Laurel and her maid were doing. Did she have money with her? He'd have to remember to make sure she had enough to enjoy herself in the city as she pleased. 
Perhaps she needed to meet other young women of the capital. He wasn't sure if she would get along with the noblewomen, but it was worth a shot. 
He watched a pair of children run down the street for a moment before he heard her voice, angry and stern. He chuckled. How could someone so small have such a large voice? She may have been born on the outskirts of the kingdom, but she had all the character of a great luna. Though he loved the sound of her voice, he hurried towards it. There were only a few reasons she could be screaming like that and her words were sure to cause a fight. 
He rushed down an alley towards a large, mostly abandoned building. There were several werewolves in the courtyard behind the gate where Laurel's voice was coming from. One of the larger men neared her and her maid as the man who stood in front of her raised his hand. 
Fury surged in him and he darted across the courtyard to get between them. He grabbed the man's wrist, twisted it, and pulled it from its socket. The smell of blood filled the air as the man realized what happened and drew back with a howl of pain. The man's eyes flickered red and waves of red light swirled around him. 
A rogue in the Imperial City? What had Basil and the ministers been doing? 
He grabbed the man by his collar and grabbed his jaw before twisting it with a sharp crack. Adolph let the body collapse at his feet and cast his gaze around the courtyard. 
The larger one that had been approaching paled, "Murderer!"
The others rushed towards the gates, calling for soldiers. When they were alone he turned to Laurel. 
"Are you--" His voice left him at Laurel's horrified expression. His heart lurched and he went stiff. Had he scared her? 
Her maid burst into tears behind her, trembling and pressing close to Laurel. 
He reached for her and Laurel stepped back. The sight sent a lance of pain through his chest but he calmed himself. 
"... Have I scared you?"
Laurel's jaw trembled. Her eyes darted between him and the man's body on the ground. Her hand twitched and inched towards her neck. It took everything in him to remain calm and still, waiting for her to respond to him. He watched her carefully, listening to her heart beat start to slow as she breathed. 
She lifted her chin almost defiantly as her maid stumbled behind her. 
"No, Your Majesty I saw his eyes turn red, and you did the right thing. He would have" She shook her head, "Thank you for saving us, but why are you here?"
"Chasel said you left the palace, so--"
"You followed us?" Her voice was tense and her expression was scrunched in anger. "How dare you--"
Her eyes widened again and darted to the body on the ground. Then, she let out a little hiss of breath that Adolph wasn't sure how to interpret. She was still trembling. He accepted that he frightened her, no matter what she said, but did she think she could not be upset with him? Did she think he would hurt her?
"... I'm sorry," she said. "I That was inappropriate after you saved our lives."
Adolph relaxed. Shock. Fear. Anger. They were all things he was accustomed to dealing with, especially on the front lines with new recruits. He was relieved that Laurel's shifts in mood were normal reactions to the situation rather than a reaction to him. 
He offered his hand to Laurel, "May I?"
She took his hand tentatively and he pulled her into his arms gently. She was stiff for a moment, but relaxed and leaned into his embrace. He smiled softly. 
Laurel almost sighed with contentment as Adolph's warmth wrapped around her. Her fear and anger eased and she felt her mind calmed. She could have stayed there forever, but the sound of running boots drew her attention. She pulled away from him. 
"Don't worry, I'll deal with them."
Laurel nodded and turned back to Sarah. One of the children shifted in her periphery and she took Sarah's hand. 
"It's okay. Let's go into the school, okay?"
Sarah nodded shakily and allowed her to guide her into the school towards the children and the man they were with. She recognized him from her past life. His name was James, he was one of the teachers she'd hired for the school. 
He approached her with a nod, "Thank you for stepping in to help. Are you hurt, miss?"
"No," Laurel said. "Are they alright?"
James sighed, "I got them into the classroom once the argument started. They should be just fine. Who are you? My name is James. I was a teacher here while the school was maintained. What should I call you? Where did you come from?"
"I'm from the castle."
James' eyes turned sad as he shook his head, "Since Luna Laura died no one has been by to oversee the school and orphanage, and the funding was cut. Most of the teachers left, but these poor children have no place to go"
Laurel looked at them and her hatred of Basil and the ministers only grew. The thought of the children left without anyone to take care, teach, or guide them infuriated her. They deserved better from the ministers who were meant to look after the welfare of the people alongside the king. Her position at the castle was only temporary. Perhaps, being a teacher in the future would be a good choice. She heard heavy footsteps and turned to see Adolph entering the building. "Bring in the tables and chairs and put them back where they belong," he ordered a few of the soldiers behind him. "The rest of you, go and get more furniture to replace what's already gone and food for the children."
"Yes, sir!"
James gasped and Laurel smiled up at Adolph, "Thank you, Your Majesty."
Adolph shook his head, "I am merely continuing what should be done. It is the late luna who deserves the thanks."
Laurel's heart swelled with gratitude. On her own, there wasn't much she could do. She hadn't expected Adolph to take an interest in the children of commoners like this. Basil had worn his station with pride and arrogance, only ever sneering down his nose. It was such a relief that Adolph seemed to care.
James flinched and bowed his head, "My apologies, Your Majesty. I did not recognize you."
Adolph waved his hand, "You need not apologize. Laurel, a word?"
She nodded and stepped aside with him.
"The soldiers informed me that the werewolf I killed lost his mate." His jaw clenched and his tone turned frustrated. "He was supposed to go to the hospital for treatment, but the hospital the former luna built for werewolves that purpose no longer provides free treatment because the funds were cut. The man was kicked out of the program and was just scraping a living together."
She wasn't surprised by that. She'd figured that Basil and the ministers had cut all of her programs, but she was surprised by the tones of regret and remorse in Adolph's voice.
He huffed, "Basil and that group of pedantic nobles can't do anything right. This can't go on. I need someone to take over the former luna's job."
Laurel agreed, but she didn't expect him to look at her. 
"Would you consider taking over?"

###chapter 22: Second Chance Mate
She wouldn't know who else to trust with the school. She'd planned the orphanage system, the school, and the hospitals, after all, but as far as Adolph knew, she was just a young woman from the country. Why would he give her the job? Why would he think a young woman could handle so much responsibility? 
Maybe he just wanted to push it off on someone else, or maybe he didn't care about having it all done well so much as getting it done. Anger burned in her chest and she huffed.
"You must be joking, Your Majesty. Are you trying to ruin this school by asking a country girl to handle all this?"
Adolph winked, "I didn't mean that, Laurel. You're my mate--"
Laurel glared at him, "So you're giving me all this work just to show me how much you value me as your mate? I don't want that! How can you casually give the lives of so many people as a gift to a girl?"
Adolph stared at her, his expression was near placid as she glared at him and it only angered him more. There wasn't a flicker of guilt on his face. Didn't he care? Maybe he and Basil were more alike than she thought. Instead of being outright disdainful, Adolph just seemed to be flippant about it. She wasn't sure which made her angrier. 
No one spoke, though she felt Sarah's trembling hand on her shoulder. The soldiers had gone pale and took a few steps back. She waited to see the terrible fury rise on Adolph's face. She feared it, but her anger made her brave. She stared up at him waiting, yet his expression didn't change. 
His lack of reaction was confusion and was throwing water on her temper. Her shoulders relaxed as she stared at him. 
Then, he spoke. 
"...You're right," Adolph said, his tone was a bit cautious. "Maybe I really was trying to please you..."
Adolph watched her anger flare again and he barely held back from smiling. She looked like a little kitten hissing at him. For a moment, he considered riling her up a little more and much more often just to see her this way. 
She was adorable, but he refrained. It was fine if she was just a bit upset, being upset with him was inevitable, but he didn't want her to actually be angry at him. 
"However, I also think you can do the job. Look at your boldness and courage? I don't need or want people who are afraid to look into my eyes overseeing the well-being of my people I need someone who isn't afraid to argue with me for their welfare."
"But--"
"You calmed Sam down, didn't you?" Laurel's mouth clicked shut and he smiled. "You're very kind. It takes such kindness to take care of patients and children. I could let Chasel take over, but I need him focused on managing and installing soldiers around the kingdom and helping me take over various affairs from Basil. I can't think of anyone better suited for the job than you."
Laurel's anger seemed to fizzle out, yet there was just a tinge of apprehension in her eyes. 
"Are you afraid?"
She flushed, "I'm not! I'm just--"
Adolph grinned and nodded, "Good. Even if you were, there's no reason to be. I won't give you so much responsibility without support. Sam and Lynn will help you and anyone else you need will be made available to you."
She couldn't speak, flabbergasted and trapped in his cunning. He was as sneaky as he was cunning, basically eliminating all of the reasons she had to protest. 
She hung her head in defeat. It seemed she would be starting down the path of being the acting luna again.
 
 ******
For the next few days, Laurel woke up every day and forced herself to leave her chambers with the long list of things she hadn't completed the day before. The work was tedious, but it was just part of Luna's duties. However, it made her hands shake and her heart race sometimes as she fell into the familiar pattern of being the acting luna, but she pushed it aside and lost herself to the work from first light until dinner. Sometimes when she faced piles of documents on the table, she couldn't tell if she was Laura or Laurel. She didn't want it, but she'd done her best to do what was necessary for the good of the kingdom. She drafted a new proposal for funding from the royal family for the orphanage, school, and hospital after taking stock of their needs including recruiting additional staff. 
She readied herself for the push back from the minister of finance and entered his office with her proposal. For a moment, she considered just handing her proposal to Adolph and leaving him to deal with the minister, but she pushed it away. Adolph had entrusted the job to her, and she had dealt with the minister of finance as Laura, she could face him as Laurel. She did not doubt that he was just as stingy about anything he deemed as not beneficial to his ends as he had been then, but Adolph had given her the job to do. 
She put the proposal on his desk, "I'm here to submit this funding proposal."
He picked it up and skimmed it. His lips curled into a sneer before he laughed. 
"What is so--?"
He tossed her proposal at her. 
"Guards, take this child out of here!"
"Wait!"
She huffed as the guards forced her out and closed the doors in her face. As luna, she'd spent hours arguing him down until she was forced to find a way around him.
As Laurel, a young girl with no standing, she should have realized she had no chance without Adolph. 
We could ask, Alice suggested. 
She turned away from that thought. She didn't want to seem incompetent! 
She walked away and saw Sam and Lynn who were waiting for her before she had an idea. 
"Sam, Lynn, could you help me?"
Sam nodded and followed her. Lynn knocked on the door and the guards opened it. 
"The minister has already--"
Lynn growled, "You are impeding her work as assigned by the king. Get out of the way."
The guard flinched and stepped away. She glanced at Sam and Lynn in wonder. Maybe it was the fact that they were wearing their military uniforms and signs of their rank.
The minister looked at Laurel before glaring, "And what is it now, girl?"
Sam growled, lunging forward and barely keeping his claws from the man's neck. The man rocked back in his seat in terror. 
"You will speak to Miss Laurel with respect!"
Laurel placed the proposal back on his desk, "I need my proposal approved to re-establish funding for the orphanage, school, and hospitals the late luna established."
His eyes jumped from her face to the page, and up to Sam's face. His jaw trembled as if he wanted to speak, but he grabbed his seal and stamped the page. 
"Thank you, minister, for your time." She smiled, picked up the proposal, and left with Sam and Lynn. The doors closed behind them.
"Thanks for your help," Laurel said.
Sam smiled, "You have been given a task by the king, and we have been charged with supporting you. You don't need to thank me for doing what needed to be done."
"Well, thank you anyway."
"I'm happy to be of service."
Lynn scoffed, "He's happy to come running if it means he can see Miss Sarah."
"Lynn!" Laurel smiled as Sam scowled at Lynn, his face turned bright red. "That's not"
It was so obvious that he had a crush on Sarah. Laurel pat his shoulder. 
"It's okay. You can see her whenever you'd like, so long as she's okay with seeing you."
"I-I would never," he looked down. "My mate is gone, but I When I saw Miss Sarah, I felt a spark between us. I think there could be something there. I'll do everything I can to make her fall for me so the moon goddess will bless us as second chance mates."
According to Sam, only when two people fell deeply in love would the goddess bless them as second chance mates. Laurel was surprised. She had felt a spark of instant attraction to Adolph and Alice had been so sure. It didn't seem like finding a second chance mate was much different than finding the first to her, but either way, but it sounded romantic. 
Then she remembered Basil asking Adolph if she was Adolph's second chance mate. 
She knew that Adolph was her mate, but was it possible that she was not Adolph's mate? The idea didn't sit right with her. Once, he'd had a wife. Sure, he'd implied that he and his late wife hadn't been mates, but that didn't mean that Laurel was his mate.  
Maybe he just saw her as a chance to get a luna. 
Maybe she would end up just repeating the same mistakes she had in her past life but with a better partner
Her heart ached at the thought. If she wasn't Adolph's mate, how long would it take for all of her work to not be enough? How long would it take before Adolph went looking for his true mate?
The thought should have made her happy since she didn't want to be entangled with the Raymond family anymore, but the thought of Adolph finding someone else, finding his true mate if Laurel was just his second chance, hurt. Jealousy and despair warred within her thinking of him embracing some other woman the way he'd embraced her. 
She gasped in shock and horror as a thought cut through her like lightning.
Had she fallen in love with him?
Her stomach churned. Was she just a poor woman always chasing after a love that would never be hers? 
She turned away from the thought and held tight to her resolve. She couldn't surrender her heart so easily. Not again. She wouldn't survive the heartbreak again.

###chapter 23: The Invitation
After leaving the minister's office, Laurel threw herself into her work. If she kept busy, she wouldn't have time to worry about Adolph, mates, or anything else.
Basil and Delia's wedding was coming up, so the entire castle was alive with movement. Sarah had been called from Laurel's side to help due to the staffing shortage. Tina's voice, shouting orders, echoed down the luxurious hallways of the castle as servants scrambled to put up decorations everywhere. The air was thick with the scent of lilies and roses.
The sight of it made her sick. Every newly shined candelabra and polished piece of silverware made her want to run back to her room and avoid the festivities altogether. Basil's attention to this wedding made her and Basil's wedding looked like a joke. Roses were everywhere on the palace grounds for Delia, yet the only roses in Laura's wedding had been the four in her bouquet.
She supposed that was the difference between a marked mate and a true mate.
She stopped at the grand open window that faced the back of the palace where her orchard was. She'd been so busy rebuilding her projects in the city that she'd nearly forgotten about the orchard. If there were still troops stationed at the border, they would still need safe food.
It should have been easy to get that project on the list of things to do, but Basil had ordered the orchard sealed away. She doubted any of the fruit had been picked after Laura died. It would be great if they could salvage some of the last season's harvest, but to get it unsealed, she would have to go see Basil.
It was the last thing she wanted to do and Basil was busy preparing for the wedding, it would be best to revisit the matter of the orchard after he was wrapped in nuptial bliss with Delia.
"Miss Laurel, are you okay?" Sam asked from nearby.
"Let's go visit the school."
Sam and Lynn escorted her out of the castle. They had cleaned the rest of the flower petals from the streets, but the air still carried the faint scent of them. If everything had been going well, the school should be back to functioning: full of students, full of teachers, and the attached orphanage should have been starting to assign rooms again.
As she headed towards the school, she realized that the path was full of people. In place of the petals on the streets, large ornate banners lined the streets. Children were walking along with their parents pointing at various sites and the crowd seemed merry.
"Is there some kind of festival going on?"
"It's a part of the prince's pending wedding," Sam said. "They're getting ready for the parade."
She was surprised that Basil would want to do something like that. Basil hated commoners and she was sure that he thought Delia was too precious to even breathe the same air as a commoner let alone participate in the parade.
"I'm rather surprised given his attitude"
"It was arranged by the king. The king even opened the front lawn of the castle and sent invitations out to the masses in addition to the nobles."
Lynn grinned, "Even soldiers like us will be there!"
Laurel was confused. Why would Adolph do such a thing? She guessed it wasn't strange to want to celebrate his son's marriage, but why invite the entire city to the festivities? Maybe he felt a bit guilty about not being able to attend his wedding to Laura and was trying to make up for it.
Whatever the reason, she wasn't too happy about it either. It was a good thing she hadn't received an invitation. She didn't want to go to her ex-husband's wedding at all.
 
Hours later, she, Sam, and Lynn returned to the castle. The school and orphanage were running as well as she expected, and she'd spent a bit of time playing with the kids when they had free time. As they headed towards the guest suites, she heard Basil's voice, loud and angry, ringing through the halls.
"Why can't they provide enough wine? Normally, I need twenty barrels of wine for a small party! Isn't it proper to use fifty barrels for my wedding?"
Laurel stopped and tilted her head, listening to the conversations. She was curious about who could make Basil so angry. Gavin was her first thought, but Gavin had never denied Basil anything. Why would he start now?
She drew closer to the end of the hallway leading the opposite direction and peeked around the corner. She saw Basil and Chasel standing there. Basil was drawn up to his full height in fury, but Chasel seemed as unbothered as ever. They made quite the comical sight.
"The king has ordered it." Chasel's voice was calm and patient. It made her think of a parent speaking to a child having a tantrum. She smothered the little giggle in her hand as Chasel continued. "The entire city is to attend the celebration. He also invited many other pack members to participate and ordered provisions to be spread across the attendees equally. Thus, the barrels of wine have been allocated to the separated parts of the celebration according to the number of attendees. The nobles don't number enough to require twenty barrels, let alone fifty."
 "Commoners do not need to drink-"
"This is the king's order," Chasel said, his tone was oddly cheery. "I just carry out the order. If the prince has any objections, you can go directly to the king.
Basil flushed with anger, "How dare you--!"
Laurel turned quickly before she lost control of her laughter and retreated towards the guest's suits. There were only a few people who could stand against Basil and deny him anything. She hadn't realized that Chasel was among that small number. As the royal beta, he was a fearsome warrior who owed his only allegiance to the king. No one stood above him except for Adolph, so Basil was helpless against him.
Laurel skipped back to her room, humming and remembering the conversation fondly. Sam and Lynn followed her with curious expressions.
Lynn asked, "Why do you hate the prince?"
Laurel threw up her hands, "How could I not? He's such an arrogant guy!"
Sam nodded his agreement but Lynn asked, "How do you know that?"
Her heart sped up as she tried to come up with something that would be reasonable for a young woman who had never personally spoken to Basil. She settled on pointing to the conversation.
"It's obvious. He's such an elitist! How wasteful is it to have twenty barrels of wine just for the noblemen? And how selfish to want to deny the common people wine at a wedding celebration!"
Sam grinned, "Well, you have a point. I'm glad we'll be able to drink. What kind of celebration would it be if we couldn't?"
Laurel grinned with relief. She had to be more careful about her reactions to Basil. She didn't need anyone getting suspicious about her.
"We deserve to have fun too!" Lynn cheered and they laughed.
 
******
Sam and Lynn escorted her to her room. Sam greeted Sarah kindly before they left and Laurel chuckled at how adorable and flustered her seemed. Sarah seemed a bit flattered but quickly focused on the news that had her waiting nervously at the door for her.
"Miss Laurel, the guards sent this!"
She held up a golden envelope and Laurel groaned. It was a wedding invitation. She didn't want to go to Basil's wedding at all. Then, she thought about the festival preparations in the city. Maybe her invitation was to the civilian celebration in the imperial city? If that was the case, she could reconsider. A night of celebration among the people could be fun. Maybe she and Sarah could go and enjoy it, or at least, she could enjoy it with Sam and Lynn.
She thanked Sarah and took the envelope.
"They also brought this!" Sarah took her hand and pulled her further into the room towards her bed. "I didn't know what to do with it, so I put them on the bed. What do you think of it, Miss Laurel?"
Laurel gasped at the sight of the boxes on the bed. Each of them was emblazoned with the seal of one of the best dressmakers in the Imperial City. With a trembling hand, she opened the largest box and froze. As Laura, she'd had several lovely dresses, but none from this maker as it was deemed too. The gown was the finest blood-red silk and embroidered with fine golden thread that gleamed in the light. She had never seen such an elegant dress before. The other boxes were a set of high heels and jewels set in gold to match.
There was no way she could wear this to the commoner's celebrations!
She tore the envelope open and pulled out the card.
There was only one sentence on it.
*Will you accompany me to the celebration?*

###chapter 24: The Dress
She had closed the box, put them on her table, and gone to bed without much preamble. In the morning, she called Sam and Lynn to her chambers.
"Good Morning, Miss Laurel," Sam greeted. "How can we help?"
"Good Morning. If you could return all of this to His Majesty that would be wonderful."
She gestured to the stack of boxes and the invitation's envelope on top. Sam and Lynn glanced at each other and winced.
"Well" Lynn started.
"I'd be happy to do anything for you, Miss Laurel," Sam said, giving her a tense smile. "But we would rather be dropped into a den of vampires without a sword than return what the king gave you."
"But-"
"No one can refuse the king's kindness." Lynn shuddered, "Doing so would only make him angry."
Laurel wasn't sure what to make of it. Why were they all so afraid of him? The common people's fear was a bit more understandable, but Sam and Lynn had been on the battlefield with him. Surely, they knew him well enough not to fear him like this.
With a sigh, she nodded, "I understand"
She couldn't return the gown and things, but she still didn't plan on going, let alone being Adolph's date. It was a marriage ceremony, not a dance party. The only woman who should be with the king on such an important occasion would be his queen and luna. If she did agree, what would people think of her? She could only imagine how long it would take them to find out about Jack and jeer at her. They'd call her a shameless seductress using her father's death to get close to the king.
She knew this well enough, but could she return it all herself and refuse Adolph on her own? She'd have to. If she couldn't send Sam and Lynn, she certainly couldn't send Sarah. If Adolph was going to be upset, it would be best to make sure he was only upset with her. She picked up the boxes and the invitation carefully. Squaring her shoulders, she left her chambers and went to find the king's office.
A guard stood nearby.
"Where would I find the king's office?"
He looked at her strangely. A pair of maids walking down the corridor glanced at her and whispered as they turned the corner. She pursed her lips as the man seemed unable to answer her and continued down the hallway. A noble she recognized from her past life eyed the stack of boxes with interest but said nothing.
"Excuse me, where would I find the king's office?"
The man paled and scurried away, stammering out something that was supposed to be an answer, but Laurel couldn't understand.
She kept walking, rounding the corner and wishing she hadn't started on this quest as Basil and Delia walked towards her. She kept her head low and watched them out of the corner of her eye.
As she expected, Basil's gaze didn't even glance at her, likely thinking she was just a maid.
Delia, however, stopped and stared at the boxes in her eyes, likely recognizing the brand of the dressmaker.
"Servant," Delia said. Laurel bit back a sneer of annoyance at her tone. "This dress was sent to my room, I want to wear it tomorrow."
Laurel looked at her in surprise. She almost laughed. She hadn't known much about Delia in her past life beyond the circumstances of her arrival in the Imperial City, but listening to her now, she felt ridiculous. Pretty, she may be, especially dressed in all the nice fabric that Basil could manage for her, but she was also incredibly stupid and arrogant.
She and Basil were made for each other.
She inclined her head, "You must be mistaken. I am returning this dress to His Majesty, King Adolph. You would have to ask him for the dress."
Delia flinched, her eyes widened a bit and she looked at Basil. The fear in her eyes was obvious, but seeing the way Basil looked at Delia only angered Laurel.
"How dare you lie in my presence, girl," Basil glared at her. "It is a woman's gown you are carrying. It could not be meant for my father."
His tone grated her nerves and did her best to keep her tone pleasant.
"Your Highness," she grit out, her voice sounded tight and impatient. Basil's eyes widened and his cheeks flushed. "I am returning this to His Majesty. Join me if you are so certain that I'm lying."
"You-"
His voice broke off and he narrowed his eyes before widening with recognition. Laurel's heart sped up and she kept her gaze on him. She forced herself to remain calm. There was no way he would know she was Laura.
"Isn't she the woman the king invited to dinner the other day?" Delia asked.
Basil nodded, agreeing. He remembered her now. His father had told him that she was his mate, but Basil hadn't paid much attention at the time. This close, he looked at her from head to toe: beautiful, bold, and somewhat vulgar.
There was no way this common girl was his father's mate. She had more in common with the mistresses of the nobleman than someone worthy to stand beside his father. Still, it was clear that she was smart enough to seduce his father. What else could it be? How could his father fall for this young woman after years of being faithful to his mother's memory? There were far more beautiful women in the kingdom with better attitudes and breeding.
He sneered at her, "I cannot believe a thing you say. Maids, come take these packages to Delia's room."
Laurel scoffed at his arrogance, clutching the packages in her arms. If it were some other nobleman or anyone else, she may have surrendered it all without a fuss and just told Adolph about it later, but this was Basil and Delia. Hadn't they taken enough from her?
She growled at the maid who approached her. The woman flinched away.
"This was given to me by the king! You can't just take it away-"
Basil frowned, "Why would my father give such expensive things to you? You are so vulgar--"
"Oh, really?" Laurel sneered back, "Does being in a castle and wearing fancy clothes stop a man who takes wrongly from another from being a thief?"
Basil froze for a moment. His eyes widened as he stared at her as if she had slapped him.
"Who is the rude one here? A young woman minding her business or the well-dressed thieves?"
There was something familiar about her that he couldn't exactly put his finger on. There had only been one woman who had ever defied him: his late wife, Laura.
"How dare you insult the prince?" Delia screamed and turned. "Guards! Come and take this girl away!"
Delia lunged for the boxes, knocking the stack in her arms down. Laurel bent over to try to close the boxes and pick them up, but Delia grabbed the sleeve of the gown and pulled.
A loud rip cut through the air and silence followed.
Laurel's jaw dropped open at the sight of the torn sleeve and her heart clenched with anger and grief. She hadn't planned to wear it, but it had been a gift from Adolph. She admitted to having entertained an elaborate fantasy about wearing it and walking into the ceremony on his arm.
She would have been the most beautiful woman in the room on the arm of the most handsome man. Delia would have looked paltry by comparison and seethed with jealousy. She would watch Basil and Delia get married at Adolph's side as if the matter didn't concern her.
It had been a sweet revenge fantasy; she'd indulged in just a little bit the night before. When she'd been tempted to try it on, she packed up the boxes and forced herself to go to bed.
She grit her teeth. When she'd been luna, she'd had no way to beat Delia, but as Laurel, she could have at least have that little victory if she'd been willing to take it, but now, that was even less of a possibility because of Delia and Basil's arrogance and stupidity.
It had been the same arrogance and stupidity that had driven her from the palace.
"What happened?"
A familiar voice, seething with anger and commanding, came from behind her. Delia paled. The maid scurried back several steps, and Basil seemed frozen.
She turned around to look up at Adolph. His eyes widened and he kneeled beside her, cupping her face. There had to have been something in her expression to make him do so.
"Laurel, what's wrong?"
She felt her eyes burning with tears and them coursing down her cheeks, but she didn't know how to answer him.
 

###chapter 25: Kindness
It was the first time anyone in the palace had cared enough to ask why she was crying. This wasn't the first time she had faced a moment like this, but Basil had never cared about her. His ministers had cared even less and usually went out of their way to embarrass her. Noblewomen often disrespected her without being scolded for it by Basil or anyone who should have been on her side.
She had always had to defend herself; thus, Laura never cried because it was useless to cry. Crying was unbecoming of a luna, and no one cared about her feeling anyway. She had to handle every obstacle, every setback, and every difficulty on her own and with all the grace of her station. She knew that and that in the back of her mind, Laura was trying to pull it together, but it had been so long since she'd been Laura.
She was Laurel now. Hadn't she committed to it? Hadn't she committed to being just a young girl born on the border?
Seeing Adolph shouldn't have made her burst into tears, but it seemed that every grievance Laura had ever had was flooding her mind. She knew she should explain what happened and ask Adolph to judge the situation fairly.
She should wipe her tears and speak calmly. That's what Laura would have done, and it's what Laurel should be doing if she meant to be taken seriously.
But Laurel couldn't speak. Tears streamed down her face uninhibited as if from a great well of sorrow she had never noticed in her heart. She cried like a child whose bullies had stolen her only toy and had no one to call to help her.
How humiliating! How could she cry like a child and ever think she could meet Adolph's expectations.
She tried to cover her face with her hands and turn away, but Adolph held her jaw firmly, wiping her tears with such a gentle hand that she couldn't help but sob harder. Why was he being so kind to her? Why waste such kindness on a rude country girl?
Why had there been no one to care for Laura, the luna, when she needed it?
"Don't cry, darling," Adolph said softly. "You're breaking my heart. What happened?"
They were such ridiculous words: soft and corny. She let out an incredulous laugh, breaking her sobbing. It was so horribly romantic, like something a fairytale prince would say to his love, but they helped her find the words and give them voice.
"A few tears could break our king's heart? The great Vampire Destroyer? How could I have committed such a sin? What would the people say?"
Adolph also smiled at her with a little huff of laughter, "I certainly need my mate to love and care for me too. Aren't all werewolves such creatures? I am not as tough of a guy as you think."
Laurel stared at him, trembling and shocked at his honesty, humility, and gentleness. Basil would have never admitted that he needed anyone, let alone to her. She sniffled and composed herself.
 "I'm sorry," she said sincerely and pulled the box towards her to show him the damaged dress. He barely glanced at it before drawing his gaze back to meet hers. "It was such a beautiful gift, but I let it get damaged"
"So," Adolph's tone turned cold and his gaze was piercing as it swept up towards Basil and Delia, "Then, why are you two here? Don't tell me you just came to laugh at her for damaging her dress?"
Delia bowed her head deeply, not daring to speak at all. Basil was frozen and silent, staring at Adolph and trying not to sweat under his father's piercing gaze.
Why was he defending her? Adolph narrowed his eyes and his jaw clenched. Basil's heart jumped seeing his father's obvious discontent. He had to shift the blame back to the girl and keep his father from being upset with him again.
"N-No, father, we were just passing by. It's not our fault the girl didn't value the dress and--"
Laurel flushed. Her eyes were red from crying, but they glared at Basil and turned glossy with tears again. Her jaw trembled as if she was going to cry again or yell.
Adolph wasn't sure which it was, but he knew Laurel wasn't the type of person to not value a gift. She wouldn't have apologized if she felt no remorse about it. He looked at the maid nearby.
"What just happened?" The maid dropped her gaze and glanced timidly at Basil, yet she did not speak. Adolph lifted an eyebrow at her silence and defiance. "I don't need a maid who can't speak or follow my orders in my service. You are dismissed. Leave the castle immediately."
She gasped and her face was stricken with fear, "Y-Your Majesty-"
Adolph turned to the two guards nearby, "One of you escort her out of the castle. The other will tell me what just happened."
One of the guards lunged forward, grabbing the maid who was trying to plead for her job and hurrying away with her, leaving his comrade to face Adolph. They had barely rounded the corner when the remaining guard began to speak.
"W-Well Miss Delia called us, saying that the woman had insulted the prince. Then, she tried to take the boxes from her. During the struggle, Miss Delia tore the dress."
Delia shook her head, "N-No, I"
Adolph looked at Delia, "How did Laurel insult Basil?"
"S-She called him a thief"
Adolph scoffed as Delia went quiet. Adolph knew Laurel had a fiery spirit. She had cursed dozens of soldiers in the middle of the army's camp. Apparently, her ire wasn't restricted to just negligent military officers. Her boldness was refreshing, but more importantly, she wasn't the type to say such a thing without reason.
Delia's eyes were cast low, yet focused on the symbol of the dressmaker and Adolph shook his head. Delia must have wanted the dress. Basil had likely ordered it to be taken from Laurel when she had refused to give it up, so they fought.
How *ridiculous*.
He lifted an eyebrow at his son with a sneer, "When did you develop the hobby of wearing gowns?"
Basil's face turned bright red.
"Taking a gown from a young woman? Really?"
He opened his mouth to speak and closed it tightly, glancing at Delia before lowering his head. Adolph watched his expression morph into one of humiliation.
Basil wanted to defend himself, but he couldn't risk exposing Delia to his father's wrath. He loved her and he had no idea what his father would do.
Laurel smothered a little giggle watching Basil hang his head and dead with the humiliation.
"Your hobbies aside," Adolph continued. "Your fiancé damaged her gown, so you will commission a new one for Laurel."
Basil grit his teeth but gave him a stiff nod. Laurel was stunned. Basil had never commissioned a dress for her, not even when they married. Laura had dreamed of the day it would happen, yet Basil would have a dress made for Laurel who would never willingly touch anything Basil gave her. The irony.
Adolph looked at Laurel, "As for you, based on the scene, you wanted to speak to me about the invitation. Shall we?"
He offered his hand to her and Laurel hesitated. Anxiety churning in her. With a deep breath, she took his hand. He allowed her to collect the boxes as well as the invitation before leading her down the hallway. She cast one last look at Basil's bright red face before turning ahead.
Adolph led her up several flights of stairs. From the changing view, she figured that they were going to the highest floor of the castle. She'd never known that the top floor belonged to him. She had arranged for the maids to do the daily cleaning for the entire castle, but she had never been to this place in her past life.
Adolph opened the door to his neat office. To her surprise, it was more functional than decorative. There was a sofa and two chairs arranged around a low table, a large desk covered with papers, and a large bookcase that wrapped around the room. The few decorations were of gold and red, but also seemed to be function.
It was strangely fitting of Adolph's character.
"Maids," Adolph called down the hallway. "Please take these from her. Everything but the invitation."
A pair of women came to her and lifted the boxes from Laurel's arms with a little curtsey in her direction before leaving as quickly and as quietly as they came. The door clicked behind them and Adolph gestured to the couch. She didn't want to get too comfortable with Adolph when she was already nervous. Knowing him, he might manage to convince her to change her mind.
Laurel set the invitation on the desk and met his gaze.
"You brought everything back to me This can't be a sign of acceptance." Adolph narrowed his eyes, looked at Laurel. "So... Are you rejecting me?" 
 
###chapter 26: Reasonable
"Are you rejecting me?"
Adolph asked so bluntly, Laurel didn't know how to answer. Then, she nodded her head her face burning with embarrassment. A moment of silence passed and Laurel's stomach churned with anxiety. Why wasn't he saying anything? She glanced at his face and found his expression unreadable.
"I-I'm" She tried to calm down and speak clearly. "I'm just an ordinary girl. A girl from the border. I don't have any business I don't deserve to be your partner for such a formal occasion, and--"
"If you were an ordinary woman your age, you would have accepted the invitation with joy."
She winced. She couldn't argue with that. An ordinary girl her age would have tried on the dress and admired herself in the mirror for at least an hour, not packed it up, and tried to return it. If she were just Laurel, she'd have thrown herself at him when they first met and lived happily thereafter without a care in the world, but Laura hadn't been put to rest; thus, all of her doubts were still alive and well, for better or worse.
"Maybe I'm not that sort of ordinary?"
She felt a bit foolish saying it and winced. Couldn't she have come up with something better to say?
He smiled, "That's why I chose you."
She blew out a breath and wished he wouldn't say things that seemed so designed to embarrass her.
"You are really hard to impress," he chuckled. "You make me wonder if I am too old to be attractive."
Laurel's jaw dropped open and she shook her head vigorously, "No, of course not. You're way more handsome than-"
She shut her mouth as his smile turned smug and knowing. Her face would be permanently red at this rate. He tricked her again. She had to stop falling for it!
"Y-You," she cleared her throat. "You're just too you're too Your Majesty, you're-"
"Something happened to you, hasn't it?" Laurel frowned lifted her gaze to meet his. "Someone hurt you, so you're not willing to open your heart easily."
Laurel couldn't answer. How could he have figured that out, let alone ask her so bluntly? What was she supposed to say to that? The truth was screaming in her ears, but she averted her gaze. She wanted to be defensive, but his words just brought up so much agony, she couldn't manage the energy to be upset. Silence stretched between them and she hoped he would take her silence as an answer.
"No one in this country can refuse an invitation from me," Adolph hummed. "So, I suppose you have an issue with a dress."
"Wait, that's not-"
"I'll have a better dress picked for you and sent with your new invitation. You'll be attending the ceremony with me the day after tomorrow."
"Your Majesty, you can't-"
"There's nothing I can't do yet," Adolph said. "Didn't you say-"
"You promised me!" She cried desperately. "You promised you wouldn't force me to do anything I didn't want to do."
He had to give in now. It was clear that she didn't want to go with him, but Adolph seemed unfazed by her words.
"Consider it repayment."
"What?"
"I helped you get rid of Basil and punished him on top of that, so repay me for it."
Laurel frowned, stumped. It was unfortunately too reasonable to deny. If Adolph hadn't appeared when he did, she would have been dragged away by the guards, no matter what she said.
"I'll tell you something no one else knows," Adolph continued, pulling her from her thoughts. "Upon returning to the Imperial City, the ministers began pestering me about finding a mate. They think there's no way for a king to rule the country well without a luna."
It was a ridiculous thing to say to the man who had been ruling the country alone since Basil's mother died in childbirth, but she wasn't surprised that they had brought it up.
"How dare they-"
Adolph shrugged, "They were eager to introduce their daughters and cousins to me."
Of course, they had. Who wouldn't want to be a relative of the king? Let alone having such a direct line of control over the luna? Gavin had as much power over Basil as he did because he was Basil's grandfather. He used that connection to manipulate Basil like a puppet over the years and wield Basil's position as if it were his own.
She couldn't imagine what being the father or uncle of the king's wife would be like. She remembered how her parents had pressured her and tied to use her position to satiate their greed. They weren't nobles and she hadn't had that great of a relationship with them anyway.
A woman who grew up in the care of her relatives in the position would likely give them whatever they wanted, let alone a noblewoman.
It was a cunning ploy, but it would be disastrous for the kingdom.
"They hinted at an alternative, of course, but it's ridiculous." Adolph chuckled. "They have very short memories for men so concerned with my ability to run the kingdom."
"What was the alternative?" She asked, a little afraid of the answer.
"Give more of my power to Basil, since he is about to be married again."
Laurel was very shocked. How bold of them! She knew they were cunning, but she never thought they would approach Adolph directly with such a matter. Still, she couldn't be completely shocked. Adolph was a far more demanding king than Basil as a prince could ever be. He was assured of himself with a clear idea of what would work best for the people. He was unyielding about what he expected from the people around him and ruthless about pursuing his goals. He didn't lean on the ministers the way Basil did, so they had no way to use the position and power for their benefit. He was an uncontrollable force, and now that he had returned, all of their underhanded dealings would be found out, it was just a matter of time.
Their only option was to try and undermine his power in the most subtle way possible.
"They will continue to annoy me with this matter at Basil's wedding while playing the part of loyal subjects." He scoffed, "I know their game, and I'm not interested in their daughters or cousins. If I have a partner, they'll have to shut up."
She couldn't argue with that logic, but he could have anyone accompany him. Why her?
"Besides, you're not exactly an ordinary girl," he smiled at her. "Your father was a meritorious guy who would have been ordained a nobleman if he had lived. Naturally, you would then be a nobleman's daughter... As far as I am concerned, you are."
"Your Majesty, that's not"
"You also have a job in the castle now, and you're doing a great job. You have all the qualifications I want, Laurel."
Laurel hadn't expected things to turn out this way. She was supposed to be here to refuse Adolph's invitation, but she didn't seem to be able to refuse Adolph now. He'd made it seem so reasonable. She almost felt foolish for trying to refuse him.
Still, there was a twinge of bitterness in her head. It wasn't that she didn't trust Adolph's abilities, but the fact was that Adolph needed a mate, the country needed luna, and there was no way to change that. It was the same reasoning that had led Laura to marry Basil. If Adolph did not plan to give up his throne, sooner or later he would have to get married. The ministers would see to it, somehow, that he had no choice in the end.  
Adolph was still very young, so there was plenty of time for him to find someone more worthy of the position than her. Despair filled her at the thought of Adolph surrounded by various noblewomen vying for his attention. Worse yet was the idea of just being another stand-in until Adolph found his Delia.
If they had the potential to be second chance mates, and Adolph's mate hadn't been Basil's mother, what would happen if he ever met his true mate?
She didn't want to think about it. She didn't even want to entertain the idea of going with him. Surely, he could see her reluctance? Adolph had promised her that he would not force her to do what she did not want to do. Could this be considered forcing her? She wasn't sure.
It was all a mess, but her sense of duty as the former luna was overwhelming. If Adolph would find no one else, she had to go for the sake of the kingdom.
Laurel dropped into her chair with a sigh. There was no way around it and maybe it wouldn't be as bad as she's dreading. She'd experienced worse than being escorted to a royal event by a king, after all.
" Okay."
"Okay?" Adolph asked.
She looked up at him, "I'll be your date."
Adolph smiled and his eyes sparkled with contentment, "Lovely."
###chapter 27: Matching Set
 She woke up the day of the wedding and took a deep breath. She didn't want to go, but she had promised to go with Adolph. She couldn't back out. Based on the soft light coming through the window, she had woken up very early.
She got out of bed and started to prepare everything she needed.
Sarah entered the room quietly and stopped in the doorway, shocked. She curtsied politely.
"Good morning, Miss Laurel. I'm surprised you woke up so early."
She smiled tensely, "I figured it would take a while to get up to standard."
Sarah shook her head. "Not at all with your beauty! But there's nothing wrong with a little extra preparation!"
She chattered about the merits of thorough preparation and her happiness was infections.
"beside, Miss Delia deserves to be shown up on her wedding day!"
Laurel gasped and looked at her. Sarah flushed with embarrassment.
"What do you mean? You don't like her?"
Sarah's gaze turned cold with fury. Laurel had never seen her so upset.
"That woman is the reason my luna was forced from the palace." She sniffed, "If it weren't for her, my luna would still be"
Her jaw trembled and Laurel took her hand, touched by her concern and her consistent defense of Laura.
Sarah shook herself free of the melancholy, "This is no time for tears! I have to make you glow like the sunset over a lake! When I'm done, Delia will look like withered flowers from years ago!"
Laurel chuckled at Sarah's rather awkward description, but she agreed and soon got into the spirit. Hadn't she fantasized about making Delia seethe with jealousy on her wedding day? Now that she had to go, she might as well live the fantasy.
Sarah drew her a warm bath scented with luxurious oils and washed her hair, combing every knot out until she could run a comb through it smoothly and it gleamed in the light. She curled it into loose ringlets before helping Laurel into the new gown Adolph had sent her.
It had been made by the same dressmaker as the one before, but it was even more extravagant gown than the one before.
Sarah placed her jewelry on carefully and slipped her shoes on her feet as Laurel considered everything. The fantasy had been nice, but the star of any wedding would always be the bride, no matter how beautiful any of the attendees were.
Sarah's gasp of awe made her nervous.
" Miss Laurel, you're so beautiful!" She squealed. "Look!"
"You should get dressed," Laurel said and looked at Sarah with a smile.
"Oh, well"
"You should take the chance to enjoy the festival outside the castle."
Sarah seemed hesitant, but scurried off. An hour or so later, Sarah returned to her with a nice and simple dress meant for festivals.
"You're beautiful," Laurel grinned. "It seems like your wedding will be the next one I attend."
Sarah flushed and scowled, "It's not nice to tease, Miss Laurel."
Laurel shrugged and they walked to the door. Sam and Lynn turned.
"Hello, Miss" They stared at them, their gazes drifting in shock and awe over the two of them. Lynn stared at Laurel for a full minute before she interrupted them.
"Sam, would you escort Sarah to the festivities while Lynn takes me to the castle lawn to join the rest of the guests?"
Sam flushed and bowed slightly, offering Sarah his hand, "It would be my honor."
Sarah flushed prettily and took his hand a bit timidly. Laurel and Lynn watched the walk down the hall. Sam could have joined the celebration on the lawn, but since Sarah had not received an invitation, it was best to send him with Sarah to the commoners' celebration so they could get to know one another.
"That Sam," Lynn chuckled. "I didn't know he could be charming. Shall we, Miss Laurel?"
Lynn led her down the corridor and the stairs. They passed very few people on the way to the lawn. The guests heading to the castle's hall were all holding golden invitations.
There were nobles and leaders of prominent packs. Soldiers and other people mingled around, chatting and heading towards their part of the festivities. Laurel had never seen so many people gathered on the front lawn of the castle. Adolph's view on the celebrations was worlds different from Basil's who believed that only the nobles were qualified to step through the castle's gate. Seeing common people walking towards the gates, talking, meeting new people, and enjoying the food and wine made her smile.
The Imperial City felt happy in a way she never experienced as Laura.
She looked over the people mingling and let out a little giggle. How had she not thought of it before?
"What's so funny, Miss Laurel?" Lynn asked.
She shook her head, "His Majesty is truly very cunning."
She hadn't been thinking about how to hold a mating ceremony for a while, but Adolph had figured out a solution. Using the wedding as a reason to invite the entire city would force people to mix and mingle. She chuckled at the simple and cunning solution to the problem and hoped that Sam and Sarah got to enjoy the celebration together and start courting.
Lynn gestured ahead of him towards the castle's inner gates, "Miss Laurel, this is where we part."
She nodded and wished him a joyful day before approaching the security of the gates. She had planned to enter by herself. She was a bit nervous about it, but she knew it was the only way.
She gasped as she saw a familiar head of blond hair, bearing his crown, above the crowd.
Adolph was outside the inner gates. Her heart leaped and she forced herself to walk slowly though Alice was urging her to run to him. People saluted Adolph as they passed. Everyone's face was excited as they gossiped about the festivities.
"Is that the king?"
"My goodness, are you sure he's the prince's father? They could be brothers!"
Laurel was mesmerized, trembling and struck with awe. How could any man get more handsom just by changing his clothing? Adolph was already a handsome man, yet his black suit highlighted his height and broadness. His cloak was blood red as usual, yet it had gold embroidery around the edges that glinted as his cloak billowed. Red floral embroidered flourished, sprawled and bloomed around his cuffs and collar. If she wasn't wrong, it was the kingdom's national flower.
Alice growled low and contended, What a *mate*.
 
********
Adolph almost laughed at the antics of his subjects. It had been a long time since they had seen him, but surely they didn't think he was the same age as his son! He scanned the crowed, hoping to  catch Laurel before she entered when he spotted her.
He couldn't breathe she was so beautiful.
The dress was the same red as his cloak embellished with black lace and gold. It wasn't the usual style, but cut close to her body to accentuate her curves. Her face seemed as delicate as the nation's flower, the red azalea.
He had worried about her youth keeping her from wearing her dress with confidence, yet she stood there with all the grace of any nobleman's daughter. No one seeing her would think she was some young girl wearing another's clothing.
They would see her as noble young lady worthy of their respect.
He approached her slowly and watched her realize that he was coming to her. He felt people truning to look at them, seeing their clothing and starting to whisper. It was just as he planned. 
When they finally reached one another, there was no one who wouldn't think she was meant to be on his arm. 
No one would question them as being perfectly matched by the goddess.
 
Laurel did her best not to panic. Wasn't she just admiring his cunning? How had she not imagined that there was more to this than managing to hold a mating ceremony. There was no one who wouldn't think they were a couple with them wearing matching outfits!
Her face warmed and she took a step back as he reached her. His hand grabbed hers, warm and firm before lifting it to brush his lips across her knuckles and making her heart flutter. 
"You're so beautiful" Adolph said. "The dress suits you."
"T-Thank you," she dropped her gaze. "You're. quite handsome today as well."
"Just today?" He teased.
She scowled at him, "W-What are you doing out here? Shouldn't you be in the castle?"
"Many of my soldiers came to the feast, so I came to say hello. And it's a good opportunity to get to know the prominent packs. How else will I know the people of my kingdom if I don't walk among them?"
 Laurel smiled, "You're right, Your Majesty, but I think the prince's wedding is about to start, and we should go inside."
Adolph muttered, "Let them wait!"
She giggled as he lifted his arm to acknowledge a few alphas nearby before offering her his arm and walking with her into the castle.
As they reached the steps, her heart clenched in fear. The shadows of her past pounced from the shadows of her mind assaulted her. She had fled down these castle steps and ended up dead. She couldn't return here. She tightened her grip on Adolph's arm, stiffening her entire body.
"Don't worry," he said, his voice was gentle and pulled her from her memories. "You are my partner. I won't leave your side."
She nodded stiffly. His words were oddly soothing. She wasn't alone now.
She smiled, "Thank you."
Soldiers saluted them as they walked up the stairs and opened the door to the hall for them.
###chapter 28: Vows

Basil was very happy on his wedding day. Aside from marrying his beloved mate, he was dressed far more luxurious than usual in a white suit tailored to him with gold and red embroidery on his cuffs and sleeves. He wore no cloak as he had never needed one, but he always relished the chance to wear his crown as it made him feel more princely than usual.
He waited for the ceremony to begin, and but he could have never been prepared for Delia's beauty when she entered the hall in her wedding gown. Her gown was blue, cut in a traditional style with golden embroidery. It made her seem refined and near untouchable in her beauty. He almost couldn't breathe and even his wolf agreed that she was beautiful.
He remembered the first time he met Delia. She has looked so pitiful in her rags and bandages, pleading for sanctuary. Her timidity had been charming in the beginning. She hid her face as if to keep him from seeing anything wretched as she'd begged for water to drink and wash her face. 
It had been appropriate, he'd thought, that she acknowledged her position in the world and acted accordingly. 
After she drank and washed her face, she had lifted her face and smiled at him and he swore his heart was going to beat out of his chest.
She was so lovely. He swore it had to be love. She had to be his mate. Who else could the goddess send to him but someone who was so kind and gentle? Her words were always lovely. She was always happy to please him. Most importantly, she relied on him for everything and sought his protection as she was new to the castle.
She made him feel like a king, something that his late wife had never managed to do.
If she were still alive, maybe Basil would have invited her to the lawn celebration, but the goddess had removed the need for that mercy with her death.
It had been her fate to never enjoy such an honor as far as he was concerned and well deserved for everything he'd put up with over the three years of their marriage.
He pushed the thought of her away. Today was a day to celebrate, not think of meddling dead women.
Tina led Delia through the crowd with a proud smile. In her mind, Delia was a far wasn't match for the prince than Laura had been: lovely, subservient, and Basil's mate.
"Congratulations, Your Highness!" Tina said, bowing slightly as Delia walked toward Basil.
He took her hands and brought her closer with a loving smile.
Ministers and nobles came to congratulate them. His grandfather was first in line, but Basil's gaze drifted around the hall. The most important guest to him was missing.
"Where is my father?"
Everyone looked at each other and found that the king was indeed not in the hall. The young noblewoman who had primped and preened all morning to get a chance to meet the king pouted in disappointment. 
Chasel, dressed in a well-cut black suit and cloak bearing the insignia of his rank approached. Basil wanted to sneer at him, but if anyone would know where his father was it would be Chasel.
"Blessing on the couple, may your marriage be filled with bliss," Chasel said, though his tone seemed more formal than congratulatory. "His Majesty should be outside on the lawn meeting with the other wolf pack leaders and soldiers."
"What?" Basil couldn't believe it. "Why? What could be more important today than attending my wedding?"
"I cannot speak to the mind of His Majesty." Chasel gave him a completely irreverent smile, "Again, blessing upon your union."
Basil clenched his jaw and fist in frustration. He *hated* Chasel. He always had. He was always making things difficult and getting in the way of what Basil wanted. He never showed him the respect Basil knew he deserved.
Still, there was no one more loyal to his father than Chasel. It burned him up with jealousy sometimes as he had not found a beta as loyal or as capable as Chasel for himself.
Delia's eyes turned sad and her jaw trembled, "Why hasn't the king come? Does the king not like me? Did I do something to make him angry?"
Basil pulled her close and hushed her, "No, of course not. How could he hate you?"
She sniffled, "But, you are his son, he could not be upset with you enough not to come on time. It must be me" 
Basil felt anger rising in his heart at the thought.
Basil shook his head, murmuring, "No, he must be upset with me! I don't know why He always acts like he's disappointed in me and thinks that everything I do is wrong-"
Delia wanted to say something, but the door of the hall was opening bringing to the sight of Adolph entering in regal black and red. The guards saluted and those close to the door bowed and curtsied with respect.
Basil huffed. How could he show up at the last minute? Regardless, he was there now and it wouldn't do to cause a scene at his wedding celebration.
"See," Basil said. "He's here."
He led her across the hall as people began to whisper.
"Who *is* she?"
Basil gasped as he noticed the woman on his father's arm. The hall was struck silent and staring at her, yet Basil wasn't much better. She was young, he could tell, yet she carried herself with the grace of a much older noblewoman. She looked as though she had always belonged at his father's side. Her dress matched his father's cloak and the embroidery on his suit. His father's suit matched the lace on her cuffs and the hem of her gown. The gold thread that tied together their outfits gleamed in the hall's light, highlighting how wonderful they looked together.
The nobles hurried forward to greet them, turning their backs to Basil and Delia as if his father and his companion were the couple to be wedded.
He looked at Delia as her grip tightened on his arm. Her face was flushed and she sneered with anger. Her lips trembled.
"What is it?"
"She's the maid who took my dress!"
Basil looked back at the woman. There was no way he could believe that his father would come to his wedding with a maid of all people, but she didn't look like a maid. She walked with his father with her head tilted up with an aristocratic and elegant air that even after all these months that Delia had not managed.
There was a grace in the young girl that was hard to ignore.
He stared at her and their eyes met for a moment before she averted her gaze quickly and stepped closer to Adolph. He swore she rolled her eyes a bit, yet he couldn't think that it was anything but charming. She was too beautiful to ignore. He couldn't put his finger on what it was about her, but he could understand why his father would keep such a girl around. She was captivating.
Delia cleared her throat and tugged on his sleeve hard. Basil looked at her, realizing he'd been staring at the girl for too long. He gave her a small smile and led her forward to stand before his father.
Basil looked up at his father, a bit embarrassed about staring, but also happy about his attendance.
"Father, thank you for coming to our wedding."
"Of course," Adolph nodded. "Blessing on your union. May your marriage be filled with bliss."
Basil tried not to feel anything about the fact that Adolph offered practically the same blessing that Chasel had given him.
"May you have lovely and healthy children," Adolph said grandly. His tone was sincere and it made Basil's heart tremble a bit. Perhaps his father wasn't upset with him and something was going on.
He looked to Adolph's companion who did not meet his gaze.
She seemed tense as she said with the most reluctant tone, "May you have a long marriage."
Adolph was surprised at Laurel's tone, but given her interactions with Basil and Delia, he couldn't blame her for being less than thrilled to offer them good wishes.
"It seems I haven't missed your wedding vows. Go on, son, I hope this time you will enjoy a long and happy marriage."
He thanked Adolph and led Delia back towards the front of the room. An older woman in a silver robe stepped forward to administer their vows. She was a priest of the moon goddess, and she had married his parents before he was born. She had married him and Laura as well.
Why did he keep thinking about her? He looked at Delia, his mate, the love of his life, and he remembered how Laura had looked at him years ago. She had been glowing with happiness in her cheap gown, with her cheap bouquet. They had sworn to love each other forever, but neither of them had fulfilled that vow.
His heart started to race with fear. He looked at his father for some sense of strength, but Adolph was talking to Laurel. They looked happy as if they were the sweetest couple in existence.
"Prince?"
The priest urged him. He looked at her then at Delia.
He gripped Delia's hands a bit tighter.
"I would take Delia to be my wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better or worse, till death do us part"
He bowed his head and kissed her as his wife and mate. 
###chapter 29: Dignity
 Laurel couldn't help herself from rolling her eyes at Basil and Delia, but she didn't expect Basil o Adolph to notice. After Basil and Delia walked away Adolph leaned towards her.
"Do you hate Basil?"
She wanted to tell the truth, but it wasn't polite to speak ill of the son in front of a father, let alone at the son's wedding.
"I'm sorry, Your Majesty. Did I behave rudely?"
"For a girl participating in a noble banquet for the first time, you behaved very well. I thought you were just rejecting me because you didn't want to be my partner, but now it seems there's also a dislike for my son."
Laurel swallowed and tried to keep calm. He didn't know she was Laura. She'd done nothing to make him think so. He'd never even met Laura, yet she had to think of something to keep his probing eyes away from the truth.
" They tried to take my dress," she said. "And ruined it."
 Adolph was silent for a moment.
"Do you feel that I am responsible for his arrogance and insolence? I have been away for a long time, leaving him alone without anyone to seek counsel with."
"You're a king. You have to put your kingdom first."
Adolph shrugged, "Be that as it may. From what I have heard, his late wife, Laura, was very nice with a good head on her shoulders... but he didn't cherish her, and the poor girl died before I could meet her."
Her heart clenched at the admission, but Adolph didn't look happy and everyone was watching them, so Laurel hurriedly changed their topic to something more upbeat.
"About the mating ceremony Thank you, Your Majesty. I didn't expect you to invite everyone to the celebration with this method. I'm sure many wolves will find their mates through this opportunity."
"It's nothing, I just suggested it. Chasel did most of the work."
Laurel hummed and wondered if that's what the argument between Chasel and Basil had been about. She couldn't help but smile when it turned out that Chasel was just bringing up the king's name to scare Basil!
Basil and Delia exchanged vows quickly. Basil kissed Delia, and everyone cheered. Adolph applauded, but Laurel did not. She couldn't on principle. She didn't want to wish Basil and Delia well at all. A twinge of envy went through her.
Delia and Basil's wedding had been extravagant, filled with congratulations and merriment. Everyone seemed happy to see them together.
Laura's, by comparison, felt like little more than a formality. There had been no one to applaud, no happiness to be had. Even her joy at the time seemed to have fizzled out so quickly in the atmosphere. She looked back at it and it only made her angry.
Basil had found his mate, and they would live happily ever after. But what about her? Her mate was a man who is even nobler, more royal, and more unattainable than Basil. King Adolph, the Vampire Destroyer, the Invincible, the Goddess-Blessed King was a man who stood above all others.
There would be no freedom to be at his side. She would always be struggling to perform at the level that was expected of her.
The reception began and Laurel did her best to pretend to be participating in the festive mood, but it was hard. The nobles were whispering, casting suspicious and curious glances in her direction. Young, unmarried noblewomen were sneering and glaring at her with jealousy burning in their eyes.
They had probably intended to get closer to Adolph and seduce him. Maybe the men of their family urged them to try to at least become his mistress if they could not manage to become his wife, yet no one approached them.
As Adolph expected, their matching outfits and Laurel's beauty kept them at bay. No one could compare to the young woman who had stolen the attention of the entire congregation, including his son, just by entering the room.
"Who is she?" several of them whispered, passing the question back and forth hoping that someone had an inkling.
Adolph was sure that they would get through the event without being approached, but Laurel knew better.
Then, Minister Mirabelle began making his way over to them. Laurel wanted to run in the opposite direction, but she kept her head up and stayed at Adolph's side. He was likely the leader of the push to get Adolph to either marry someone they could control or give up some of his power to Basil.
"Greetings, Your Majesty," Gavin greeted then gasped in mock shock as he looked at Laurel. "Who is this beautiful girl? I've never seen her at any nobleman's banquet before!"
Laurel curtsied, "My name is Laurel Miller of the Sapphire Lake pack."
Gavin hummed, "Sapphire Lake... I've never heard of this wolf pack. Does it really exist?"
A few nobles made jeering sounds. Others snickered. Laurel was angry, but she forced herself to remain calm. Gavin could never be as cruel to her now as he had been in her past life, not with Adolph standing there, so she smiled. His eyes widened a bit in true surprise.
"You have never heard of Sapphire Lake? Truly? I thought a minister of your standing and excellence would work carefully and remember the name of every wolf pack in the kingdom."
Gavin's eyes bulged and Adolph barely refrained from laughing, but it was hard. He'd never seen Gavin so upset, and to have Laurel call him out for not doing his job was priceless.
Gavin sneered, "Where did such a vulgar girl come from? To speak to a minister like that Your Majesty, such a person does not deserve to be by your side!"
Adolph laughed partially amused, but that amusement quickly turned cold and furious like the heart of a blizzard as his wolf growled. Gavin and the nobles nearby paled.
 "Not worthy? Then, are you worthy?" He glared at Gavin. "Your negligence and ineptitude allowed vampires to poison our food, and Jack Miller, her father, died in battle to protect me."
Gavin flinched, "Y-Your Majesty-"
"She lost the only family she had because of your stupidity, and now you have the audacity to try to humiliate her?"
"Y-Your Majesty, my deepest and most sincere apologize-"
"You should not apologize to me, nor ask for my forgiveness," he gestured to Laurel. "It is her you should bow your head to."
Gavin clenched his jaw and though his gaze was averted, Adolph saw the defiance in his eyes. He was a proud man, arrogant, and assured of his position in the kingdom as he always had been. He would never suffer the humiliation of having to bow his head and apologize to a soldier's daughter in private, let alone in front of all of the kingdom's nobility.
Adolph lifted his head and looked down at Gavin, "She's *waiting*."
People murmured. Basil pushed through the crowd and hurried over to them.
"What happened?"
"Dearest prince," Gavin began, "It isn't a matter to worry about. Just a minor issue." Gavin straightened his tie. "I inadvertently offended this young common girl, and His Majesty asked me to apologize to her."
Basil frowned. How could his grandfather apologize to a common girl? Why didn't she have the sense to leave his grandfather alone, let alone at his wedding? He grit his teeth. It was almost a slap to his face.
"Father, how inappropriate to have a nobleman apologize to a commoner! It must be that she doesn't know the etiquette of nobility. This is my wedding, and I don't want grandfather and father to be upset by it, so please-"
"Enough," Laurel hissed, low and cold. Basil looked at her.
She had known that Basil would defend his grandfather. The veil had long been lifted from her eyes regarding his flaws. She looked at Basil and Gavin with as much disgust as she could muster.
"It is for the best you do not apologize. You wouldn't mean it and I will never forgive you." Gavin sputtered and she glared at him. "Never would I forgive anyone responsible for my father's death."
She looked at Adolph, "I'm sorry for the inconvenience, Your Majesty, but I really shouldn't have come to this wedding, so please allow me to leave."
Adolph met her gaze. He knew that bringing Laurel to the wedding would cause some issues, but he didn't expect it to lead to her itching to get away from him as if he were just one of the many nobles in attendance.
He sighed and nodded, "Of course, Laurel."
She curtsied to him politely, turned, and walked with her head held high, her back straight, and all the grace of a luna. He watched her go with regret.
" What? Who was responsible?"
No one spoke, and Adolph turned to look at his son with a deep disappointment.
His expression made Basil wince, but he was still confused and wished he had been able to ask her what she meant. He watched her leave and swore that he wasn't watching the young girl her father brought to his wedding, but someone else.
But, who? 
###chapter 30: Rememberance

Laurel left the wedding disappointed, but not surprised. Instead, she was full of fury and barely kept her pace and stride as dignified as possible, but when her door closed behind her, she screamed in anger.
She should have never accepted Adolph's invitation. If she wanted to repay his favor, she could have chosen to do something else! She'd fallen for his charm and rhetoric.
"Never again," she hissed and flopped on the couch in her suite.
She wanted to be just angry, but her mind turned towards Sam and Sarah and she smiled. It hadn't been great for her, but with any luck, Sam and Sarah were out celebrating with the rest of the city and becoming closer.
The next day Sarah returned in a better mood than Laurel had ever seen her. She hummed a song as she straightened things up and practically skipped around the room.
"Good Morning," Laurel greeted, lounging on her couch. "You seem happy?"
"Oh, I had the greatest time!" Sarah said with a little spin as set out breakfast on the table and turned with the metal serving tray in her hand. Her eyes were wide and dreamy like a young girl in love. "The music and the food were so great. And the wine-"
"What about Sam?"
Sarah dropped the metal tray as her face turned bright red. The tray clanged on the ground and rolled, ringing out in the silence of the room. Laurel smirked, amused by how Sarah stared at her and how red she was. It seemed that she and Sam had a great time.
"Was the festival fun or was it the Sam that was fun?"
"Don't make fun of me, Miss Laurel!" She cried. Laurel chuckled as Sarah bent over and grabbed the tray and pouted at her petulantly. "How about you? How about the wedding in the castle? Wasn't it much more interesting being on the arm of His Majesty?"
Laurel sighed, "Not at all."
"But didn't you at least dance?"
"I'd rather have gone with you to the celebration outside the castle to have some fun."
Sarah frowned at Laurel's tone, but she didn't press for an explanation. For a moment, Laurel felt bad about dampening her mood, then Sarah perked up and grinned madly at her.
"So you want to leave the castle with me? The celebration is supposed to last for three days"
Laurel sat up, grinning at her, "Really?"
Sarah nodded and Laurel jumped up and rushed to her closet to change into a light dress and comfortable shoes to walk in. She didn't have much, but her plain dress was good enough to go out among the common people. Once she was dressed, she grabbed Sarah's hand and hurried out the door, grateful and overjoyed at the chance to have some real fun. Sam was outside waiting for them.
"Where's Lynn?"
Sam gasped in mock offense, "You like him more than me?"
Sarah giggled and Laurel shook her head at his boyish grin.
"Really?"
"Lynn found his mate last night," Sam said with a shy glance at Sarah. "He's with her."
"That's great!" Laurel said. "I want to enjoy the rest of the festivities. Will you escort us?"
"Of course," Sam said and led them out of the castle. As soon as they reached the city, Laurel couldn't decide what she wanted to do first. She bounced between stalls, danced among the musicians on the streets, played tag with the children, and gave herself over to the festive mood without worry.
Sam and Sarah seemed happy to play along, trailing along behind her at times and joining her at others. They had a great time, ate a lot of food, and bought some flowers though Laurel didn't know what they were for.
"What are they for?"
"For your hair, of course," Sarah said. "Here, I'll show you."
Sarah helped her braid the flowers in her hair in a lovely crown. Sam and Sarah settled down on a bench when a young man came up to Laurel and asked her to dance. Alice seemed resistant.
*He's not our mate.*
Laurel ignored her, taking the man's hand and dancing with him. They parted ways to enjoy the rest of the festivities. Her feet were aching by the time night began to fall, but she was beyond happy as she walked back to the castle with Sarah and Sam.
The sun was sinking towards the horizon, coloring the city with red, yellow, and orange light. Sam stopped at the entrance to the guest suites with a bow.
"I have to go report. Please have a pleasant evening."
"We will," Sarah said. "Thank you, Sam."
He smiled at her and left. They walked down the corridor towards Laurel's rooms with fruit and bread in their arms, still chatting about everything they'd done that day.
She stopped, hearing a voice nearby. It was Gavin's voice, she was sure of it though she couldn't make out the words. Another person, a man, was speaking with him, but she was sure the man wasn't Basil. Something was suspicious about it, and she was curious.
"Miss Laurel?"
Gavin had a lot of power in the kingdom, especially over Basil. She hadn't ever put him on the list of people who could have orchestrated or outright murdered her in her past life, but he should be on the list. The man never liked her. She remembered the pleased look on his face when Laura was being thrown out of the palace.
He viewed her as an obstacle.
Then, she thought of Gavin's insult the day before and her anger burned in her chest. As curious as she was, she huffed and kept walking towards her room, not wanting to ruin her mood.
"It's nothing, Sarah. I just thought I heard something."
They turned the corner leading to the suite she'd been living in only to see a sack come flying out of the doorway and crash into the wall.
"Hurry up!" Tina's voice cut through the air from ahead of them. Laurel stopped looking down the hallway where her room was. "Everything must go."
"What's going on?" Sarah asked as they got closer and they looked into the room.
The room was a mess. Maids were hurrying around emptying the drawers and boudoir of Laurel's things. A maid pulled a drawer out and upended it into a sack on the floor.  
"Leave the jewelry. She probably stole it!" Tina yelled. "Throw everything else out!"
"Hurry up," Delia said, standing in the middle of the room overseeing everything with Tina at her side.
A maid threw a sack out the door and Laurel stepped forward, furious and blocking another maid from throwing anything else out.
"What are you doing? Those are my things!"
Tina scowled at her and snapped at another maid, "Mind your manners, girl. Do you know whom you're talking to?"
"I-"
"I am Tina, the head maid of this castle, and she is--"
Delia lifted her head with a haughty smile, "Prince Basil's wife, the *luna* of the kingdom!"
Laurel rolled her eyes and scoffed, "I know who you are, but you have no right to throw out my stuff!"
"Of course, we have the right!" Tina shrieked. "I don't know what means you used to leave that maid's room, but it's more of an honor than you deserve to be a maid of this castle."
"You-"
"I never expected some girl from nowhere to dare to move into a guest's room without my permission, but I reported it immediately, and I plan to take care of it." Tina glared at her, grabbing Laurel's arm and trying to throw her down. "You vile thing. Out of the way!"
Laurel pushed her off with a growl, "Don't touch me!"
Sarah rushed forward, dropping the fruit and bread in her hands, "Miss Laurel!"
Tina's eyes bulged with fury and she flushed. Her shoulders tensed, "I heard what His Majesty said at the wedding. A soldier's *daughter*, right? To have such *gall*! Disobeying me and shamelessly seducing the king! You vile wretch!"
"Don't get so upset," Delia said, taking Tina by the shoulders as Laurel looked at the woman as if she were crazy. "We're dealing with this right now, aren't we?"
"Dealing with what?" Laurel hissed.
Sarah stepped closer to Laurel, "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine."
Tina straightened up and seemed to calm, "You are right, luna. How wise you are."
Delia turned and glared at her. The sneer on her face sent a tremor of remembrance through Laurel and for a moment she was standing outside the grand hall and it was Basil sneering at her.
She should say something, mention Adolph, argue, or something, but she couldn't think of anything but that night.
"Miss Laurel was moved into this-"
"I am luna and I have the right to do whatever I want," Delia yelled. "I will not tolerate the presence of someone as rude as you! Now, get out of my castle!"


###chapter 31: Delia
Laurel wasn't the only one who was disappointed with how the wedding turned out. Delia was too, and it was all Laurel's fault. She seethed at the thought of the strange girl in red, on the king's arm, who had stolen everyone's attention. 
She was supposed to be the most woman at the celebration. She was the bride, the prince's wife! Everyone should have been overjoyed to bestow their blessings upon her and lavish her with attention. 
Sure, Laurel was younger and more beautiful, and the fact that she was on the king's arm had certainly added to her allure, but it was Delia's wedding day! No bride should be upstaged on her wedding day.
When she arrived at the castle months ago, she had been enchanted by the luxury of the aristocratic life. The food was great; the dresses were beautiful, and all things she had never dreamed of owning were in her grasp. She figured out quickly that she would have all the luxury she wanted and all the power she needed to enjoy it so long as she became luna. Marrying Basil was the easiest path to that end. He and his wife didn't seem to get along anyway. Not that Luna Laura had been much competition. For all of her good looks, she had been the kind of woman who did not know how to please and control a man. She didn't even seem to know she could do so and was content to bury herself in her work and earnestness like an idiot. 
Making Prince Basil fall in love with her had been simple with a little help and her skills. There had just been the matter of Laura still being the luna at the time. With Laura dead, the way had been clear. 
After all her hard work, now *Laurel* was around!
Basil may not have been worried about her relationship with the king, but he wasn't worried about much of anything. Delia wasn't foolish enough to think that King Adolph was so cold that his head could not be turned by a beautiful woman, but now that he was back with a woman Delia had to come up with a new plan. 
Basil was just the prince. His wife was luna by default so long as Adolph remained unmated and unmarried, and Laurel was precariously close to getting that position. 
She knew what a man looked like when he was hooked on a woman. Adolph's fascination was obvious, shining in the man's eyes whenever he looked at Laurel. The thought that King Adolph the Invincible, known to be the coldest man in the kingdom had fallen for the charms of a little country girl was ridiculous, but it was the truth.
No matter how she looked at the situation: Laurel was a threat. 
"Tina," she began as the woman entered her chambers. "What do you think of that girl? Laurel."
Her expression hardened as Delia expected. Tina had been brought into the castle by Gavin and Basil's mother. She had been Basil's nanny when he was younger then became the head maid of the castle. Basil trusted her unconditionally. She used that fact to her advantage and took great pride in her position. 
Tina was arrogant, thinking of herself as untouchable due to her connection to Adolph's late wife and Basil. She'd spoon-fed Basil stories of his parents' great love and told it to whoever would hear her as a matter of loyalty to her former mistress. 
"That little" Tina growled before seeming to remember herself. "That little trollop is a disgrace to the royal family. The king has been taken in by her If my late mistress were here"
Delia almost wanted to roll her eyes. She wasn't even sure if Tina had any real loyalty to her former mistress, or if she just clung to the idea the way she clung to her position as the head maid.
"You think she's up to no good?" Delia asked, feigning fear. "What about the kingdom's safety? To have the king be compromised"
Tina's eyes widened and her cheeks turned red. Delia wasn't surprised how easy it was to rile Tina. She was a vulgar woman who gloried in her position and used it to cruel ends. She thought of herself as Basil's adoptive mother and tried to rule the castle's staff with an iron first, but she was just a maid. She had been cruel to Laura before she died, so Delia had considered her an asset in her plans, but it was annoying to have to pretend to be a good daughter-in-law to Tina. The woman was stupid and meddlesome, but it was a small price to pay for Basil's trust and the luxury she enjoyed. She'd get rid of Tina at the right time.
"Well, Your Highness. You are the prince's wife. A princess in your own right and second only to the king and Prince Basil. No one will refuse your will"
Delia pretended to consider it, "But what can be done?"
"Whatever you wish."
Delia hummed, pretending to think it over. She looked at Tina hopefully before standing. 
"You are right, Tina. That girl is just a soldier's daughter! She can't be allowed to continue her plans against the king. Gather enough maids to clear out her things from the castle." 
Tina smiled and hurried out as if she had just been waiting for the chance. Delia went to the room Laurel had been staying in and directed the maids to dump all of the girl's things save the jewelry that was much too beautiful to be in that girl's hands. 
She thought back to the ripped gown and huffed. She wondered if Basil had managed to replace the gown yet. She hoped he hadn't wasted the money on the girl as she wanted a new gown of her own from that dressmaker. 
Then Laurel arrived, flushed and furious. She struggled against the maids, but as Delia expected, she didn't have to move as Tina argued with her. 
It was exhilarating to see her so furious. It served her right for embarrassing her on her wedding day. 
"Miss Laurel was moved into this-"
She glared at the maid beside Laurel before cutting her off. "I am luna and I have the right to do whatever I want!"
She bared her teeth at Laurel, "I will not tolerate the presence of someone as rude as you! Now, get out of my castle!"

******
The words echoed through Laurel's mind. The world blurred and shimmered. The scent of fine wine and the orchard drifted on the wind. She tried to fight it, but she heard Basil's voice. 
Get out of my *castle*.
Her heart raced. Her body trembled with fury and terror. She felt a bit sick as her eyes burned with tears. The wind had been cold then. The forest had passed in a blur. She could see the cliff stretching out to her death and her breath caught in her chest.
"No," Sarah said, stepping forward. "The king allowed her to-"
"How dare you mention the king!" Tina shrieked. "Sara, you wretched girl! You've found another disgraceful woman to follow. Wasn't last time enough?"
"But Ms. Tina-"
"You think you can take my place, is that it?"
"That's not-"
"Never in your life," Tina yelled, trembling with fury. "It shouldn't even be something that ever crosses your mind, you wretched bitch. I should have gotten rid of you when that last wench did the kingdom a favor and died!"
Sarah gasped in horror, "Ms. Tina-"
Sarah cried out as Tina struck her across the face and collapsed to the ground. 
"You want to follow her? Follow her out of the castle and never come back!"
"But-"
Tina raised her hand again but was stopped as Laurel grabbed her wrist. Still shaking with fury and terror pumping through her veins. Her tears were streaming down her face, but she couldn't stand by. 
She hadn't been able to do anything last time when Sarah had been dragged away, but she wouldn't stand by and watch this play out the same way. 
"Rude?" Laurel hissed, tightening her grip on Tina's arm as she tried to pull away. 
"Unhand me!"
"You called me vulgar? Rude? A disgrace? I'll show you how rude I can be!"
Laurel threw Tina's hand away from her, drew back, and struck Tina across the face, sending her to the ground. 
The room went silent as Tina collapsed and Laurel's heart swelled with the rush of revenge. Laurel glared at her. Tina turned back and looked at her in shock. Delia's mouth dropped open. 
Laurel marched towards her and Tina scrambled back across the ground. "Quick! Hurry and drag this woman out! Now!"
Their shock seemed forgotten just as Laurel grabbed Tina's skirt and pulled her back towards her. The maids grabbed her and hauled her back. The skirt of Tina's gown ripped as Laurel fought. 
"Let me go!" Laurel growled, thrashing in their hold as Tina trembled. 
"Quickly, get her out of-"
"How could anyone treat a woman so rudely!" A man's voice rang out. "What is going on here?"

###chapter 32: Leaving the Castle
Laurel turned to look at the voice to see a handsome young man standing in the hallway, gazing at them in surprise. He had blond hair and light gray eyes. He was about as tall as Basil and handsome, but she felt he fell short of Adolph's attractiveness. He didn't look aristocratic, but he exuded a very charming aura. Laurel thought he might be vaguely familiar, but she couldn't be sure about that.
The maids who were holding Laurel stammered and seemed overcome with embarrassment. Laurel pulled free of them and went to Sarah, kneeling beside her as she sniffled pitifully. 
"Are you okay?"
Sarah trembled, holding her face with glossy eyes. 
"I'm fine."
Tina stood up, regaining her haughty expression, "And who are you to interfere?"
The man flushed, "How rude-"
Delia suddenly jumped between them and hurried to say, "Forgive her rudeness. It has been a stressful day"
He didn't seem convinced, narrowing her eyes at Delia and Tina. Delia looked at Tina and spoke in a low tone. 
"He is Eden Bloomfield, a human merchant, I have seen him discussing important matters with Basil and Minister Mirabelle! He must be the guest of the castle. Don't be rude to him, Tina."
Tina looked at the man with contempt but held her tongue because he was the prince's guest. She cleared her throat, "Yes, my apologies, Mr. Bloomfield. Please, this is no matter to concern yourself with. If one of you would escort Mr. Bloomfield to where he was headed. I will finish with dealing with this disobedient maid."
Laurel scoffed, standing and glaring at Tina, "First, I'm not a maid. Second, you are not qualified to accuse me of disobedience. It is your fault for touching my things without my permission and attempting to throw them out!"
"You wretched-"
"Anyone who strikes first deserves the same treatment."
Tina screeched and rushed at Laurel with her hand raised, but Alice pushed her way to the forefront of Laurel's mind and roared at Tina, shaking the air. Tina flinched and grew pale, jumping back in fright. The other maids seemed terrified and unsure of what to do. The room fell into silence again in shock.
Eden stepped forward and gave Laurel a small smile before looking at Tina. 
"This girl is much too young to be treated this way. No matter what you're accusing her of." He glanced over Laurel. "Are you okay?"
Laurel nodded stiffly as he took a handkerchief out of his pocket and handed it to Sarah, who had begun to weep softly. She flushed. The bruise was blooming on her face. 
"Thank you," Laurel said with a little nod. 
Delia looked at Eden a bit nervous and racking her brain about what to do. She couldn't afford to offend this man under any circumstances. 
Tina scoffed, "Another man succumbs to her charms, it seems."
"Stop it, Tina!" Delia hissed at her, glaring at her. 
Tina's eyes widened in surprise while Delia smiled curtly at Eden, "This is a castle matter. I, as luna, will take care of it, so there is no need for you to worry about it."
Eden gave Delia a gentle smile, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to get involved in this matter. I just happened to pass by and saw a group of you around these two girls, so I intervened."
Delia's face turned red, "We didn't-"
"Thank you for your help," Laurel said with a curtsey to Eden. "If only everyone in this castle was as friendly as you are."
She thought of Sam, Lynn, Chasel, and Adolph. While they had been very welcoming, the rest of the castle was just as she remembered: unwelcoming and harsh. She had only accepted Adolph's invitation to live here because she didn't have another choice. She wanted to continue her investigation, but it seemed that she would have to find another way to do so. Since Delia was so keen on kicking her out, she didn't want to stay and have to put up with any more of their hostility.
Alice growled and howled with displeasure. 
*Why do we have to leave because of them? Our mate is here!* 
Laurel ignored her whining. If she stayed, it would only feed the rumors that she was Adolph's mistress. She didn't need that hanging over her head, and she never wanted to be luna anyway. She supposed now that Delia was married to Basil, Delia would be picking up all the work that Adolph had given her at some point. 
Delia was right. Adolph didn't need a stand-in luna now that Basil was married. Would Delia take care of things properly or would she behave just like Basil and enjoy the station without doing any of the work? Would she suffer nights of uncertainty about her decisions the way Laura had?
Either way, Laurel supposed it wasn't really her business.
She sighed and looked at Sarah, "I'm sorry I got you into trouble. Let's live together outside the castle."
Sarah's eyes gleamed and she nodded with a small smile, "I would like that very much, Miss Laurel."
"Just Laurel," she chuckled. "Let's get our things and head out, okay?"
Sarah got to her feet and walked with Laurel to the pile of things. Tears of resignation fell as she went through her things. She thought to collect the gown Adolph had given her along with all her jewelry, but she decided against it. It was better to make a completely clean break. In the end, she gathered the letters she'd brought with her and the clothes she'd brought from the Sapphire Lake pack. She hesitated regarding the papers regarding the reestablishment of the school, orphanage, and the hospital but took them just in case. Delia wouldn't need them, but maybe someone would ask for them one day. She'd probably have to give them back to Adolph directly one day. 
Sarah packed up her clothes in a meager bag. When she was done, Laurel linked arms with her and turned to leave without looking back at Tina or Delia.
"We'll look for a place close to the orphanage," Laurel said. "They'll need staff."
Sarah nodded, "It's a bit scary."
Laurel pulled her close as they walked, "I'm sorry for getting you into such a mess."
Sarah shook her head, "It is probably for the best before something more outrageous happens What do you think the king will say?"
She wasn't sure, and she didn't want to think of it. Though, thinking of it, he probably wouldn't say anything about it. He had to have known about this and given Delia sanction to do whatever she wanted as luna. 
Alice growled, *That is not something our mate would do!*
Laurel ignored her, "I-"
"Ladies!" Eden called out to them, hurrying to catch up with them. "Please wait."
Laurel looked at him, curiously, "Yes?"
"Sorry, again!" his cheeks turned red as he shuffled his feet. "I know I was rude, but I want to make up for what I did."
Laurel smiled, surprised at the sentiment, "You did nothing wrong, Mr. Bloomfield. Thanks to you, we were able to at least get our things and leave on our own instead of being dragged out. thank you, if you hadn't shown up, we might have been thrown out of the castle."
"Please call me Eden."
He turned to Laurel and rubbed the back of his neck, "After witnessing this happen to two ladies, I was too embarrassed to just leave. I'm staying at an inn just outside the castle. As you are suddenly without a place to stay, I'd like to invite you to stay there first. I know the owner of the inn very well, and I can get him to give you a cheaper price."
Laurel was surprised. She glanced at Sarah who seemed to agree that it was better than they could have expected to do on their own. 
"Thank you, Mr. Bloomfield, for your kindness."
He beamed at them and led them out of the castle. The sky was dark above them, and it struck how different it felt to walk out of the castle this way. Her heart ached and she was still upset, but there was no fear. Her emotions were calming. 
She turned back to look up at the ornate edifice, the polished gates, and stone and sighed. It was the second time she was being kicked out of the palace because of Delia. The irony wasn't lost on her, but she was glad that she wasn't just rushing into the forest alone and to her death this time.
She wasn't alone now. She had Sarah and that was enough for now. 
*What about our mate?* Alice whined. *We should find him and tell him what happened!* 
Laurel turned from the castle's gates, eyes burning. She didn't want to go back and find out that he had known. She didn't want to go back and hear him say to get out. It was best to leave now on her feet rather than be dragged out.
She'd find some way to look into Laura's killer outside the palace, or she would just have to let it go.
Either way, she was leaving.
She walked down the steps with Sarah and Eden. She lifted her chin, straightened her back, and walked out of the castle the way she had walked out of Delia and Basil's wedding ceremony. She wouldn't leave the palace without her dignity again.
*Goodbye, Adolph.*
###chapter 33: Eden
The inn was nicer than Laurel imagined and cheap thanks to Eden's conversation with the owner. It felt homey and comfortable like a great place for traveling families. 
"It's not the palace," the owner joked with a booming voice as he led them up the stairs. "But I imagine you'll enjoy it all the same!"
"We will," Laurel said. "Thank you for your kindness."
The room was sparse. There were two beds in the room with a small table and several candles. It wasn't much more than a room for them to share, and it was all they would need for now. As Sarah closed the door behind the owner, Laurel sighed at the pouch of money she had. 
There wasn't much left, maybe enough for a few meals. Maybe she shouldn't have been so staunch about making a clean break and grabbed a few pieces of jewelry to sell. 
Sarah sank onto her bed with a deep sigh. Laurel smiled at her nervously. 
"Let's get some rest for now. Hm?"
Sarah nodded, wearily, "That sounds great, Miss Laurel."

*******
Laurel woke up determined to make the most of their new situation. From the look on Sarah's face, she had the same idea. They cleaned themselves up, got dressed, and sat in their little room helping each other with their hair while they chatted.
 "Laurel?"
"Yeah?"
"I want you to know that" Sarah sighed. "You shouldn't blame yourself for what happened. Honestly, I should have left the castle a long time ago."
Tina had disliked her from the moment she started working at the castle. When she'd become the personal maid of Laura, that dislike had turned into contempt. When Laura died, Sarah should have left, but she couldn't bring herself to leave and she'd suffered at Tina's hands for it. 
"I'm free now," Sarah smiled before her expression turned a bit sad. "I might not be able to see Sam as often, but it's for the best."
"Are you going to keep seeing him?"
Sarah flushed, "I-I was planning to go see him today to explain what happened"
Laurel gave her a sly look, "You could just say you planned on going on a date today."
"Laurel!"
She laughed as a knock sounded on the door of their room. Laurel went to the door and opened it to find Eden on the other side, smiling brightly. 
"Good Morning!" Eden said. "I had hoped to invite you two lovely ladies to breakfast if you're interested."
Laurel glanced at Sarah who agreed readily. They followed him downstairs to the eating area and sat with him. 
"What are you doing here in the Imperial City?" Laurel asked. "Are you here for the celebrations?"
"No, I'm just a human," Eden said and lifted his chin with pride. "But I'm one of the royal merchants."
Sarah gasped, "A *human*?"
Eden nodded, "Don't be so shocked. I'm tougher than I look. I've traveled to a lot of places as a merchant."
Eden was full of stories from the wild, far-off places he'd visited, but Laurel wasn't interested much in the werewolf villages. She wanted to hear more about the human villages he'd been to. Eden answered all the questions she had with as much detail as he could manage, weaving a charming description of the villages. 
She wasn't convinced of the goodness of human merchants as they were often in the back pockets of the nobles and ministers, but Eden didn't seem so bad.
She frowned, "Why did you come to the werewolf kingdom to do business?"
"Simple really," Eden said. "Humans are a weaker race. We need the werewolves and vampires to reach some form of peace and keep it if we mean to have a peaceful life too. I'm just doing what I can to get us there."
Laurel froze. She remembered now why he seemed so familiar: he'd been talking to Gavin in the hallway before she'd gotten to her old room. He had to be over the transportation of food to the front lines now, but she had to make sure.
"Butt I heard you had a problem with the cargo you were transporting."
Eden sighed with a grave expression, "Yeah, I think it was probably during the night that some vampire replaced our goods! Humans, unlike you werewolves and vampires, cannot see very well at night."
Laurel flinched at the pang of anger that went through her. While it was true humans were a weaker species, they knew that as did the ministers, but no one had cared until Adolph had returned to scold them about their mismanagement. 
She was going to press further about his decision to transport the goods, but she stopped herself as his shoulders slumped before he looked at Laurel with a glimmer of hope in his eyes. 
"Do you think I'm useless?" 
"Useless?"
Eden sighed again, "It's just that. maybe I shouldn't be doing this kind of work since I'm just a human"
"Are you very concerned?" Sarah asked. 
"I just wonder if I'm not the right one for the job..." Eden shook his head. "No matter what I do, if we keep delivering food to the front line, it's bound to happen again"
Laurel's heart clenched at the sentiment. She had once worked so hard to do everything right only to have her efforts ignored. Were the human merchants the same way? Maybe they weren't as crooked as she first thought and were simply trying to do the best they could. 
She felt a bit guilty about her prejudice against them and hoped that she could encourage Eden the way she so desperately had needed to be encouraged in the past. 
"But you're trying, aren't you?"
He blinked, "Well, yes."
"Then you should take pride in that. Someday, your efforts will be rewarded."
He seemed stunned for a moment before his expression broke into a wide grin, "Thank you, Laurel!"
Laurel nodded giving him a small smile. 
After breakfast, Sarah got ready to go to see Sam. Eden drew a bit closer to her with a shy smile. 
"Since Miss Sarah has plans how about we go and enjoy the last day of the celebration together?"
Laurel looked up at him and grinned, delighted and a bit surprised, "Sounds great!"
He gestured ahead of him, "Shall we? I know all the best places."
She walked with him letting the promise of a bit of joy distract her from the anguish of the day before.
Eden led her around the city. It was clear that he was familiar with the culture of the Imperial City as he seemed to greet most shop owners by name and order the best snacks from the stalls lining the roads of the marketplace. They were all better than the ones that she and Sarah had found on their own. 
Eden grinned, "You haven't lived until you've tried this beer."
She was skeptical, but at first taste, she couldn't help but agree. It was sweeter than she expected and very different from the beer she was used to. 
"It's imported from the south," Eden explained. "You like it?"
"It's great! How did you-"
"Hey, beautiful," a man's catcall interrupted her. She turned her head to find the source of the call as someone whistled. 
The man was leaning with several others, eyeing her with a lustful smirk that made her skin crawl. 
"Why don't you come hang out with us? We'll show you a better time than that pompous guy?"
The other men jeered. Laurel glared at them. 
"You-"
Eden stepped around her, shielding her from their gazes. It was touching, but she couldn't help but wonder if such a thing would be enough. Eden was just human, and there was more than one werewolf leering at her. 
"Let's go. It's best not to pay them any mind."
Laurel chuckled, charmed by him trying to protect her despite the difference in strength. They walked on until Laurel spotted a flower vendor.
"Hold on," she said, breaking away from him to hurry over to the vendor. The old woman gave her a yellow rose with a smile for a coin. She thanked her and went back to Eden. 
She offered him the rose and he seemed surprised. 
"What is this?"
"A proper thank you for speaking up for me and Sarah yesterday and helping us find a good inn."
He smiled at her, "It's the first time I've received flowers from a girl!"
Laurel gasped, "How is that possible? You are a very handsome man!"
"It's true. It's my first time receiving flowers from such a beautiful woman's hand." He sighed dreamily. "I will cherish it... Can you help me pin this flower on my collar?"
Laurel nodded, reaching up to take the pin of his scarf off. He looked down at her, watching her with some emotion that she couldn't make sense of and made her heart flutter a bit. 
Laurel averted her gaze as she pinned the flower on his collar. 
"There we are," she said. He bowed his head a little. 
"Thank you for such a token, my lady. Shall we?"
They walked towards the cheerful dance music playing in the nearby square. Couples took to whirling around while the street band played. People tossed coins into their hats. Laurel smiled, glad to watch people having such fun when Eden took her hand. 
"Dance with me!"
"What?" She asked as he pulled her towards the area and spun her in time with the music. She was so flustered that she couldn't resist falling into step with him. The beer was humming in her veins, loosening her limbs and making her heart light. 
He laughed as they danced, his grey eyes twinkling with happiness so infectious that she laughed with him. The people standing nearby seemed to fade away as he danced with her. 
Alice seemed to be begrudgingly calm about it, and Laurel found it funny. If they hadn't met their mate, would Alice be so against Eden? Maybe she would have thought Eden was her mate if it was possible. 
She winced at the pang of sadness. Alice grumbled with discontent at the thought of Adolph. 
The warm and light feeling that had been filling her fizzled out. 
Eden frowned, guiding them out of the whirling circle to the edge of the crowd. 
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing," Laurel shook her head and winced a bit. "I'm just a little tired."
He hummed, "Well, I should get you back to the inn so you can rest."
He led her through the crowd, "I had a great time with you today."
Laurel smiled up at him, "I had fun too, Eden. Thank you for inviting me out."
Eden accompanied Laurel back to the inn. As they neared the inn's front door, a group of figures grew more familiar to her. Sarah turned and waved at her from Sam's side. Chasel turned and his jaw dropped open as he hurried towards her. 
She glanced across the area, hoping to see Adolph, but she didn't see him in the crowd. She couldn't tell if the tight feeling in her chest was regret or disappointment.
"Laurel!" Chasel cried as he reached her. 
"What are you doing here, Chasel?"
"What am I doing here?" Chasel asked as if the question was ridiculous. "I'm here to take you back to the castle, of course!" 

###chapter 34: Refusal

Alice howled with joy and Laurel looked at him skeptically. 
"Back?"
Chasel groaned, "The king accepted the invitation of some packs and went to inspect the kingdom at noon yesterday. He was not in the city. I didn't know what happened until Sam told me."
Laurel averted her gaze. It wasn't as bad as she thought, but was it good enough to go back?
"Why didn't you talk to me?" Chasel pressed. "I would have stopped this. It's obviously not your fault. When the king returns, he will punish them for all this, but--"
Laurel shook her head, "I'm sorry, Chasel, but I'm not going back."
Chasel paled, "W-What?"
"I've had some time to think about it," Laurel said and wrung her hands nervously. "It's not appropriate. I was invited by the king to stay in the castle, but no explanation has been given for it."
"That's not-" 
"People are gossiping that I seduced the king." Chasel gasped in horror. "I didn't come here to be the king's mistress!"
Chasel regarded her for a moment before he seemed to agree. His shoulders slumped.
"Are you really not going back? But-"
"No, I'm not going back."
Alice thrashed in her chest and her heart clenched as Chasel groaned again.
"His Majesty will be furious" Laurel wasn't sure if he was saying that as a bid to get her to change her mind or to himself as he thought of telling Adolph that she wasn't coming back. 
Chasel met her gaze and she refused to look away. He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck with a grimace. 
"Listen. You are welcome to return to the castle anytime you wish, Laurel. I'm sorry that such unfortunate things have happened to you. I will inform His Majesty of your decision."
Chasel left with a little bow. 
"Are you okay, Laurel?" Eden asked. 
"I'm fine," she assured. "Just tired. Thank you again."
She escaped Eden's presence as quickly as she could and closed the door behind her, thankful that Sarah had chosen to spend more time with Sam. Her head pounded making her vision a bit blurry. It could have been that she had too much alcohol, so she decided to get into bed to try and sleep it off. 


*"Don't call her luna!" Basil snarled as the darkness cleared to the area outside the dancing hall. "She doesn't deserve that title! Seize her!"*
*Again, she was dreaming of it. She didn't want to, but the dream held fast, forcing her to look at Basil's expression.*
*His voice was almost happy as he smirked at her, "I told you. I will do as I please. You are not even fit to be a spare maid in my castle. Now, get out of my castle."*
*She turned from the sight, but instead of more darkness, she stood in the blue guest suite. Her things had been pulled out of the drawers and thrown out.*
*Delia stood in the center of the room with Tina.*
*"I am luna and I have the right to do whatever I want," Delia yelled. "I will not tolerate the presence of someone as rude as you! Now, get out of my castle!"*
*Delia's voice echoed, sending the forest rushing by her as if she were running through the forest again until she reached the edge of the cliff.*
*The wind blew cold around her and down into the canyon, carrying with it the scents of the orchard and maybe the hint of rich wine swirling around in a noble's glass.*
*Not here.*
*Not here.*
*She tried to back away when the cold hand shoved her forward and sent her plummeting into the ravine below.*


Laurel sat up with a scream as she crashed onto the floor. She shuddered and tried to calm her breathing. It was just a nightmare, a dream. 
Cold sweat trickled down her back and forehead as she struggled to her knees. 
The dream meant something. Her instincts were telling her something. Maybe she had been right to suspect Delia or Basil in the first place. The need to know, the need for justice burned hot in her chest and she groaned. 
She had been kicked out of the castle, but she couldn't give up her investigation. She couldn't leave the Imperial City until she knew for sure. 
Could it be Delia? She didn't see why it would be. Delia was Basil's mate, and Basil loved her so much that she didn't need to be jealous of Laura. Even without killing her, Delia would have become Luna sooner or later. Killing her just seemed like overkill. She hadn't done anything to make an enemy out of her either. 
No, it was more likely Basil if it were one of them or someone else.
Her hands trembled in the darkness of the room. It was late, but Sarah hadn't returned yet. She was almost grateful for the chance to pull herself together. Her heart was racing and she felt too wired to try to go back to bed just yet. 
She looked over to the other side of the bed as emotions and thoughts swirled like a rushing river through her. Loneliness settled quickly in her heart. At least, if Sarah were here she would have had something to distract her from her thoughts. 
She washed her face and changed for bed before climbing back into bed, hoping she wouldn't end up staring at the ceiling all night. 

******
Laurel woke the next morning with no recollection of when or how she fell asleep.  She felt terrible, but she forced herself out of bed while Sarah was getting dressed. 
"Good Morning, Laurel!" Sarah said. "How'd you sleep?"
"Not very well." Laurel shook her head, running her hand through her hair. "It was just a nightmare."
She frowned and gave her a sympathetic smile, "I'm sorry Let's hope there's something tasty for breakfast, hm? Maybe we can go out into the city today?"
Laurel nodded and got ready. They got downstairs and sat for breakfast. Eden wasn't there. She assumed he was off handling merchant business, but the family sitting beside them caught her attention. 
A father, mother, and daughter were sharing a meal, laughing and chatting. From their clothing, they were werewolves from a nearby pack that had come for the celebrations in the city.
"Oh, we should come back for the next festival!" The daughter said. "I definitely want to eat more tasty food and see the castle and"
Her parents seemed indulgent and a bit amused by her excitement. It was clear that they were planning to go home now that the celebrations were over. 
A pang of envy filled Laurel as she thought of Laura's parents. 
She gasped. 
Laura's parents! How had she forgotten about them? They were likely in the Imperial City. They were snobbish in her past life, and they loved celebrations and parties with nobles more than anything but money. They wouldn't have missed this celebration if they could help it. They were the second hands of the alpha and he had definitely received an invitation.
Could they have been the ones who killed her? She shied away from the thought because of how much it hurt, but it was a possibility. Even if they weren't involved with her death, she wanted to see them at least one more time. 
Maybe seeing how they mourned her would make the burdens of Laura's life seem lesser and inspire her to continue pursuing justice. Did they regret having a daughter? Had they changed at all? Maybe they were here to try and take her body back to the pack? 
She stood up and turned to Sarah anxiously, "Would you do me a favor?"
"Yes, anything."
"Do you remember Luna Laura's parents?"
"Yes," Sarah scowled, "They are a very nasty couple..."
"I think they might be in the city for the celebration. They'll likely be staying at an inn as well, and I'd like to ask you to look for them with me."
Sarah frowned, "Sure. But, Laurel, why are you looking for them?"
Laurel was a little flustered. She didn't have much of a reason that would make sense, so she hoped her excuse would make sense.
"Well... I had a dream yesterday that I became luna and was driven out of the castle. I woke up horrified. The poor woman! I just wanted to do something for her, like find her parents..."
Sarah nodded and sighed, seeming to believe her, but troubled.
"What's wrong?"
"I'd love to help you, but I'm afraid you'll be disappointed..."
Laurel didn't ask what she meant, and they set out. As they walked the streets, Eden waved at them across the street. 
"Hello, ladies!" Eden greeted. "Where are you two headed?"
"Laurel wants to find the late luna's parents," Sarah said with an uncomfortable expression. 
His eyes brightened, "Mr. and Mrs. Hamiltion?"
"Yes!" Laurel said, "You know them?"
"Well, not personally. But, you're in luck." He grinned, "I know the city quite well from my work and I know where they're staying. If you'd come with me, I'll take you to them right now!"


###chapter 35: Laura’s Past
Laurel followed Eden to an inn, almost rushing him to get there. The inn was a little dirty and looked cheaper than the one she was staying in with Sarah. She was skeptical that they would stay in such a place, knowing what she knew of her parents. They had cared so much about their reputation and their appearance. They liked fancy rooms, money, and nice clothes more than anything in the world, and they were the alpha of the Emerald Twilight pack's betas.
Why would they ever stay in a place like this?
Laurel and Eden approached the door of the inn as the door slammed open to reveal Laura's parents. Henry and Collen Hamiltion looked older than she remembered. Their hair was unkempt; their shoes were scuffed. They were dressed in ordinary clothes, looking just like the roadside vendors or worse.
She almost didn't recognize them.
"Hey-"
Laurel pulled Eden back and around the corner of a nearby building to avoid them. She hadn't been ready to see them yet, let alone in such a state. Had something happened to the Emerald Twilight Pack? Maybe the pack had been attacked sometime during the war and they were just refugees now.
It would explain why they seemed so out of sorts, but it didn't explain why Laura's father seemed so furious.
"Laurel-" 
She pressed a finger to her lips to signal him to be quiet. Eden closed his mouth and nodded stiffly.
"We can't just go back!" He yelled, "We haven't seen one nobleman! They told me everyone could attend the imperial city's celebration, but it was just a commoner's celebration!"
Laurel leaned around the corner to peek at them as Colleen let out a weary sigh. She looked exhausted before shooting a baleful glare at her husband.
"I told you. We didn't get an invite so there was no way to enter the castle!" She huffed and crossed her arms. "If you were still alpha's beta, maybe we would have gotten an invitation!"
Laurel gasped in shock. How had that happened? From what she remembered, there was no way that the alpha would have kicked them out without reason. 
"And whose fault is that?" Henry growled at her, "You wanted more money to buy jewelry. Otherwise, I wouldn't have embezzled all that money-"
Colleen scoffed as Laurel's heart lurched. 
"Don't blame me! You spent the money on clothes and wine. Always throwing parties at home, and you don't even know how much money you spend on each party! The alpha kicked you out of the beta position because you got caught."
"You-"
"And you're still spending money like we have it to waste! Look at this hovel we're living in because of you!"
They glared at each other as Laurel tried to make sense of everything she heard. She should have been horrified and shocked, but she didn't have it in her. Laura's parents had been greedy snobs, only interested in their gratification. They had to pay for their greed sooner or later. How long had they been embezzling funds from the pack? Were they on the run or had they simply been kicked out? 
"They... don't seem like nice people." Eden grimaced. "Why did you come to see them?"
Laurel was about to answer, but Colleen wailed.
"If Laura were alive, she would have taken us into the castle! Our daughter was luna! How could our alpha fire you?"
Henry's expression turned dark and furious as he scowled, "Don't mention her! We spent so much money to raise her and send her to the palace, but how did she treat us? She tossed us away like we were nothing!"
The thought made Laurel furious. How selfish could they be to say that aloud and besmirch her name after her death? She clenched her hand and kept listening.
Colleen shook her head, "She is our child! She couldn't have left us alone-"
Henry slammed his hand into a wall, his voice tight and impatient, "She is dead! Dead! Even if we use her name to visit the nobility now, no one will care about us. The late luna's parents? Hah! They'll say they have a new luna now, and no one will care about us or her."
"But still-"
"I doubt anyone cared about her before she died anyway!" He sneered, "She had been in the castle for so long, but she couldn't keep the prince's heart! She must have been as stubborn and uninteresting as you are if she couldn't please a man..."
"What did you say?" Colleen screeched. "How dare you!"
She slapped him. He stumbled a bit before growling and lunging at her and grabbing her by her hair. 
"Unhand me!" She cried, kicking him in the shin. 
People came out of the inn to watch as they crashed to the ground. Some pressed their faces against the windows as they tumbled around in the dirt trading blows like overgrown children squabbling about a toy.
"It's all your fault!"
"Stupid wench!"
"Bastard!"
Her eyes burned with tears as they poured down her face unable to do much more than watch them as people nearby jeered. She was almost certain someone was taking bets about who would win just as they shifted into their wolf forms and began to trade blows.
They had been cruel before, but this was too much. How could they still think of Laura as a tool after her death? How could they be so greedy?
"What crazy-Laurel!"
She turned unable to watch anymore and ran down the street. She heard Eden rushing after her and heard him calling for her, but she couldn't face him or even explain why she was so heartbroken. 
She didn't want to see them again. She didn't even care if they had been behind her death, but she doubted it. Her death would never have served their purpose. They had needed her alive to reap any sort of benefits and that was all she had ever been to them. 
An investment that they had never gotten much of a return on. It was sickening.
"Laurel, wait!"
She pushed her way through a small crowd and kept running until she could no longer hear Eden calling her name. She ran for a while, losing track of which streets she turned down and the sights she passed until she reached a small alley that was far enough from the busier parts of the city that it was quiet. 
She sunk against the wall with a little sob feeling ridiculous for crying. Laura was dead, and Laurel knew how wretched her life had been. These had to be the last tears she cried over Laura's circumstances. 
*It's okay to cry*, Alice soothed. *We couldn't have known they were so much worse than we remembered.* 
That was true, but she hadn't been prepared. She sniffled and wiped her face, thinking back to their words. It was clear that they hadn't even been in the city when she'd died. Maybe they were trying to figure out where they would live after they were kicked out of the pack. It was a shallow comfort to know that they hadn't killed her. 
She got to her feet with a tired little sigh and prepared herself. Having to live in squalor and squabbling in the dirt was what they deserved for the way they had treated her and how little regard they had for her life and death. 
Had they mourned for the daughter they lost at all, or had every bit of her death been twisted into a slight against them? 
A part of her knew the answer, and it was enough for her.
No more tears would be shed for Laura, not about her parents, Basil, or her death. All she could do now was move forward and seek justice for Laura's death. She reminded herself that as soon as it was done, she would leave the Imperial City just as she planned. 
As she turned the corner to head back onto the main street, she met a solid wall of warmth. She stumbled, bumped back, and felt a hand on her shoulders. The scent of cedar, roses, and blood made her heart flutter, but she pushed it away. It was just a trick of her loneliness. Adolph was gone and he wouldn't be out in the city even if he were here.
"I'm sorry about that-"
"Laurel?" Laurel flinched at the deep, warm voice that sent a zing of wanting through her. It was impossible.
"What happened? What are you doing out here?"
She frowned. She knew that voice and she looked up with a gasp. His clear blue eyes were searching her face with concern beneath his frown. His blonde hair caught the sunlight and seemed to glow above her. 
Alice howled in joy. *Our mate found us! See!* 
But how could Adolph be here? Chasel said he was out of the city.
"Your Majesty, when did you come back?"

###chapter 36: Adolph’s Jealousy

Laurel gaped up at him, sniffling, "Y-Your Majesty, what are you doing here?"
He narrowed his eyes, his gaze searching her face as she tried to wipe her face. 
"Why are you crying?"
"I-It's nothing."
Adolph cupped her face, wiping her tears, "I came back to the castle and you were not there, so I came out to look for you. Chasel told me that it was Delia and the head maid who threw you out. They'll pay for this, Laurel. You needn't cry-"
She shook her head, pulling away from him, "No! That's not-It's not their fault, Your Majesty."
Adolph tugged her back to face him but she pulled away again, hiding her face. 
"Then why are you crying?"
"It's nothing, I said. It's just a sad little memory." She sniffled and turned away from him. 
His hand closed around her arm, gentle and firm. 
"Where are you going?"
"Back to where I live."
His hand tightened just a bit and his voice grew tense, "Where you live is my castle."
She tugged at her arm, "I've been thrown out, Your Majesty, and I don't want to go back!"
She pulled again a bit harder, but Adolph didn't release her. 
"Laurel!" 
Eden called from afar. He turned and his eyes widened. Laurel couldn't guess what he was thinking as his expression grew tense and he hurried over. 
"Eden-"
He arrived at her side. 
"Eden, wait-"
"Who the hell are you?" Eden hissed, glaring at Adolph's hold on Laurel, "Let go of Laurel!"
Adolph growled and Laurel's heart lurched. She saw Adolph reach out, snatch Eden up by his shirt and throw him before the cry had left her. Eden flew into the far wall and hit it with a sharp crack as Laurel screamed in horror. Was he dead?
"Eden!" She rushed across the alley and kneeled, checking his pulse. He groaned softly, his eyes were closed, and he didn't move. 
His pulse was strong, but she couldn't tell if anything had broken or worse.
"Are you okay? Can you hear, me Eden?"
Eden moaned, "Laurel?"
"Oh goddess, you need a doctor... Can you stand?"
Adolph grew tense, baring his teeth as jealousy raged through him. Who was this man to Laurel? Where had he come from? 
Kill him. Adolph wanted to give into it as he felt his wolf's anger rising. He's trying to take our mate.
Laurel looked back and gasped at his glowing red eyes and snarling face. Fear struck through her, but she tried to remain calm. Adolph was furious, territorial, but he wouldn't hurt her, she was sure of that. 
"Who is he?" He growled. "What does he want with you?"
"He's my friend!" Laurel cried, shielding Eden from Adolph. "When my luggage was thrown out of the room, it was Eden who spoke up for me. When I was kicked out of the castle with no place to go, it was Eden who helped me find a place to stay!"
Adolph narrowed his eyes looked at the man. The situation felt strange. His instincts told him that Eden had a plan beyond simply helping a young woman in the castle. How had he been in a position to do so? Why had he been in the castle? There were too many questions floating around in his mind. 
He felt that the man was trouble, but he couldn't exactly say why. Perhaps these were suspicions born of his jealousy, but he had always trusted his instincts. Killing him would be the easiest thing to do to avoid future issues. 
It would also just keep him away from Laurel.
"What have you done?" Laurel whimpered. "How could you do this to him?"
"He's not a werewolf. What is he?"
"He's just a poor human!"
*Human.* He was even more suspicious then. Even if the man was a human merchant, there was no reason that he should have been anywhere near the guest suites that Laurel stayed in. As far as he could tell, all human merchants had some sort of tie with the ministers and the nobility which made none of them trustworthy. 
Was he related to the incident that had gotten Jack killed? Was that why he was at the castle?
Adolph scoffed, "A human? Then, he's even less worthy of you. If he was a smart human, he wouldn't just go near a random angry werewolf-"
Eden groaned, "I just thought Laurel was being harassed"
"She's my mate! Who do you think you are to-"
"Enough!" Laurel yelled, glaring at Adolph. Her voice was forceful and Adolf looked at her, angry at how angry she seemed with him. 
Couldn't she see that he was suspicious? It wasn't his fault he was weak and stupid enough to approach an angry werewolf, let alone his *mate*.
Laurel's hands trembled as she looked back at Eden. How could Adolph treat Eden like this, and think it was Eden's fault after hurting him? She knew that Adolph could be ruthless, but this was too much. It was unreasonable. What would a human know about how to interact with angry werewolves? He was just a human merchant. His clients probably all loved him. 
Laurel turned away from Adolph and slipped her arm around Eden's waist. 
"Easy," she said as she helped Eden stand. Eden gave her a weak and grateful smile, leaning on her. Adolph growled, low and threatening at them. 
It sent a spike of fear through her, but she looked at Adolph with a cold glare. She would not be controlled by the king. She had enough in her last lifetime of giving in to men of the Raymond family. 
"Move out of the way, Your Majesty. We're leaving."
Adolph looked at her, his shoulders drawn tight. A friend is what she called the man, but his heart knew that there was more to it than that. Who was he? Where did he come from? Why was a human in his city and how had they met? 
*It would be easier just to kill him.*
He considered it, letting the idea play out in his mind. He could snatch Eden from her side and murder him before she had even noticed that Eden wasn't leaning on her. His blood would paint the alley and he'd have her in hand to drag her back to the castle before she could even start weeping for him. 
It would be easy. He wouldn't even break a sweat killing Eden, let alone dragging Laurel back to the castle. She might fight him a bit, but it wouldn't be serious and she would come around once he explained it.  She'd see his reasoning once he figured out what Eden's real agenda was about.
He readied himself to grab Eden when her voice rang through his mind as clear as it had been when they left Sapphire Lake.
*I want your word as King Adolph Raymond that you will not force me to do anything I do not wish to do.*
He'd given his word and it was clear that she didn't want to be parted from *Eden* or return to the castle for now. He clenched his fists and forced his breathing to calm. His wolf fought him, but he focused on the oath he'd made. 
*You have my word as a king, as a man, and as your mate*
*Every choice shall be yours to make.*
He almost regretted such an oath, but it had been necessary to get her to agree to come with him. He would make it a thousand times more if it would get her to come to the Imperial City. 
Breaking his oath would only push her away. He would convince her to come back to the castle in time, but he had to be patient. 
He could be patient. He'd waited this long to meet her, what was a few more weeks? A few months?
His wolf huffed and settled. Adolph met Laurel's stubborn gaze and did his best to control his voice. There had been fear on her face earlier. He was glad that it was gone, but the stubbornness was only slightly less irritating. 
*We'll kill him at the first sign of him getting out of hand.* 
Adolph agreed and spoke calmly, "I will allow you to live outside for a while." 
Laurel's eyes narrowed and he continued before she could speak. 
"But you still work for me."
She frowned, seemingly unsure. 
"You aren't planning to just leave the job of rebuilding the hospital, orphanage, and school to Basil and his ministers, are you?"
She straightened up, "No, I I thought the new luna would take over eventually."
He tensed and took a deep breath. 
"As I said," Adolph said. "The job is still yours. You will still need to report to the castle every day for work. I will send someone to pick you up every day. I need to see you at the castle tomorrow."
"I-"
He turned stiffly and left without hearing anything she had to say. His rage was still boiling, barely restrained. If he would have stayed any longer, he would have broken his promise. 

###chapter 37: Back to the Palace
Laurel's heart burned with anger though Alice whined about not going with Adolph. She had never been so angry with Adolph as she was then. It was almost hatred boiling in her blood and mingling with her hatred for Basil. 
Rude, unreasonable, arrogant, high-handed: they were just alike. Like father, like son.
Allice was full-on upset as she got Eden back to the inn they were staying in. The day had started horrible and only seemed to get worse. First her parents, then Adolph of all people. She worried her lip thinking of Eden's injuries.
"I'm so sorry for dragging you into this and getting you hurt." 
"What do you mean?"
"It's because of me that you got hurt. Do you need to go to the doctor?"
Eden shook his head, "I'll be fine."
"But-"
"I just need to rest for a while, and I'll be fine," he grinned. "I told you I'm tougher than you'd think."
She chuckled a little bit as they neared the inn. 
"So, he's the king?"
"Have you never seen him?" 
He shook his head, "He was never around when I went to the castle before the end of the war." 
Laurel scoffed, feeling silly. Of course, Eden would have never seen him. Adolph had been on the front lines for the past four years. 
He looked at her with a curious expression and she could almost hear the questions he wanted to ask. 
"What is it?"
"You don't look... like someone who has that kind of relationship with the king"
Laurel laughed a little sadly at his words. She was pretty sure he meant that she didn't seem to be the type to be the king's mistress. She was glad that he was skeptical about it, but it still stung that it had come to mind at all. 
"No, of course, I'm not."
Eden flushed, "Sorry, I didn't mean to offend you. You seem like a very capable... and independent girl. I hope you get to enjoy your youth and do what you want to do and always be happy. Not like today when you spent most of the day crying"
He touched Laurel's face gently, his grey eyes gazing at her as if they held some kind of magic that made her heart flutter. Her face warmed with bashfulness.
"T-Thank you. H-Have a good rest."
He nodded and drew away from her slowly before retreating into his room. Laurel turned swiftly and hurried down the hall to her room. 
With the door closed, she sighed and thought back to her day with Eden. She liked him, she realized. He was gentle and kind. Sure, he wasn't her mate, but she could be happy without a mate, couldn't she?
"Laurel?"
She looked up, pulled from her thoughts. Sarah was sitting at the table, seemingly waiting for her. 
"Oh, Sarah. Hi."
"Are you okay?" Sarah asked looking at her as she crossed the room. She sunk into the chair. "What happened?"
She winced, "Well Eden found Mr. and Mrs. Hamiltion You were right they're horrible people."
She gasped, "Did they speak to you?"
"No," she shook her head. "They just got into a fight outside of a run-down inn while talking about the late luna They were blaming her for their misfortune."
Sarah flushed, "Those I can't believe such a nice person could have come from such terrible people. They didn't deserve to have her as a daughter!"
Laurel smiled, "You're very kind, Sarah."
Sarah smiled, "I'm sorry that you had to see them like that."
She shrugged, "You did sort of warn me."
The most important thing was that her suspect list had been cut down. She wasn't sure about cutting Delia off completely, but she was more certain that it was likely Basil who had killed her, but how was she going to get close enough to him to get him to admit it? 
Going back to the castle was the only option, and since Adolph had all but ordered her to report to the castle while she worked for him, she supposed her only hope was to use her time at the castle to try and run into Basil and goad him into admitting to the crime. 

********
The next morning, while she and Sarah were eating breakfast, Sam and Lynn came to pick up Laurel to go to the castle. Sarah smiled bashfully at Sam and he seemed just as entranced by the sight of her. He greeted her kindly with a tilt of his head. 
"Good Morning, Miss Sarah."
"Good morning," she said sweetly. Lynn rolled his eyes as Laurel smiled at them. 
"Sam, will you stay with Sarah?"
Sarah flushed and stared at her wide-eyed as she slipped out of her chair. Sam took her seat beside Sarah. 
"It would be my honor."
Lynn chuckled as they laughed, "That Sam"
Laurel shook her head and nudged him, "Don't be like that. They're sweet." Laurel asked Sam to stay with Sarah, and then she followed Lynn back to the castle.
"It's good to have you back in the castle!" Lynn cheered as they approached the castle gates. She didn't hesitate at the stairs, though she felt herself grow tense as she walked through the gates. 
"Is it?"
He groaned, "You don't know how angry the king was when he came back yesterday and found out you weren't here! He punished all the maids and ordered that the prince's wife be locked up for a whole day!"
Laurel considered it a fitting punishment since Delia liked to wander around the palace and terrorize innocent people. While she was glad that Adolph handled the situation, she couldn't find it in her to look kindly upon him. She knew he was a ruthless man, but it was so disappointing to see him succumb to his instincts and hurt Eden like that...
She turned away from the thoughts of Adolph as she was supposed to be focusing on justice and getting away from the Imperial City and the Raymond family as soon as possible. 
They turned a corner, passing an old maid carrying a large barrel of wine. She barely grunted a greeting as they passed, Laurel assumed that she was struggling with the barrel too much to give a proper greeting.  She stumbled and swayed.
"Let me help you," Laurel said approaching her. 
The old maid lifted her face with a sneer and Laurel stepped back recognizing the woman. 
It was Tina. 
"I don't want your help," Tina hissed. "Haven't you done enough, girl?"
Laurel stepped back further as the barrel wobbled and pulled Tina off balance and tossed her to the ground. Laurel looked down at her. She thought of Sarah and wondered if she had been forced to carry such heavy things on her own.
"Why is Tina carrying wine barrels?"
"I heard that she was sentenced to work in the kitchen," Lynn said. "She is no longer the head maid."
Tina hissed at her and kicked out like a child throwing a tantrum, "It's all your fault! How dare you come back, you wretched girl!"
Lynn snarled and stepped between them, glaring down at Tina, "Watch your words, maid!"
Tina broke into a sob, "It's not fair! I've been the head maid! I was nanny to the prince. I-I-" 
She banged her hand on the floor and Laurel watched her sob without any remorse or sympathy. She remembered the days Laura would hide in her room and cry in frustration because of Tina's actions. She remembered Sarah's recounting of how she suffered at the woman's hands after Laura died. 
She had been the head maid and trusted by the prince, but she had been cruel. She had always been the head maid and was feared and respected by the whole castle.
To see her now, carrying barrels, dirty from her toil and sobbing, and scolded by a soldier, Laurel thought it was the justice she had earned. 
She looked down at Tina disdainfully. To think that she called Laurel a disgrace to the castle, and Laura unworthy of being married to Basil. A little malicious part of her wanted to laugh. How had she found Tina so terrifying before? Seeing her acting like a toddler, made her feel a bit embarrassed about how easily she had given up in all her confrontations with Tina in her past life.
She almost wished that she had slapped Tina more than once before leaving the castle.
"Let's go," Laurel said and turned down the corridor. "This doesn't concern me."
Lynn agreed, walking past her as Basil and Delia rounded the corner ahead. Laurel didn't want to stop and talk, but she stopped anyway as Delia looked at Tina sitting on the ground and sobbing. She gasped and rushed past Laurel to Tina's side to pull her into her arms and cast a hateful glare at Laurel. There was concern in her eyes for Tina before malice scrunched her features into a scornful sneer. 
Laurel thought of the last time they saw one another and how Delia had sent her into her memories. She clenched her fist and turned away from her to face Basil who seemed at a loss for words as he looked at Tina and Delia.
"You horrible girl!" Delia shouted. "How can you bully Tina?" 

###chapter 38: Unreasonable
"How can you bully Tina?"
Laurel's eyes widened and pointed at herself, "Are you talking to me?"
Delia sneered, "Who else but you? You must resent Tina for throwing you out of the castle. Poor Tina has been so severely chastised, and yet you still treat her like this!"
"I haven't bullied her," Laurel said coldly. "She fell while carrying the barrel herself. You can ask Lynn what happened."
Delia looked at Lynn who nodded, "Yes, we were just passing by, and the maid fell by herself."
Delia was a little flustered but she didn't give up, "Well, then, how can you watch Tina fall? She is older than you and in a higher position than you, you should help her-"
Laurel rolled her eyes and turned away. There was no sense in talking to someone unreasonable. She didn't know why Delia hated her so much and kept picking on her, but she wasn't interested in remaining around to be harassed. 
"Lynn, let's go. We're in a hurry."
Basil walked to help Tina off the ground.
Delia's face burned with a flush of anger and she looked to Basil, "Your Highness, how can she talk to me like this?"
He turned back to see Laurel walking away. 
"Stop, girl!" He yelled. "Did I give you permission to leave? My wife is right. The head maid fell in front of you.  Why didn't you go to help her? You are really a heartless and cold woman-"
Laurel looked over her shoulder, "She is no head maid now."
"You-"
"I've heard the king has sent her to the kitchens."
"It's all because of you!" Delia shouted, "You must have said something bad in front of the king!"
Laurel turned, lifting an eyebrow of disdain at them and wondering how two people could be so stupid. 
"I was thrown out of the castle by this maid, remember?" Delia stammered and Laurel carried on. "Surely, you remember, don't you? You were there when you two had my and Sarah's luggage thrown out of the guest room like trash."
"You-"
"You ordered the jewelry to be kept, right?" Laurel tilted her head. "Weren't you there when she called me a whore who seduced the king? Didn't you agree with her and order me to get out of the castle?"
"I-" Delia's gaze jumped between her and Basil nervously.
"She's brought this upon herself," Laurel scoffed. "The king ordered it, and who am I to question it? Maybe she'll learn to be kinder."
Basil frowned, at a loss for words. He hadn't known that Delia and Tina had done such things, but he figured they had done it for a reason. Surely, his wife and nanny could expel a rude girl from the castle. It was in their rights. Delia had been distraught, telling him that his father had ordered her confined to her rooms for a full day. He thought that his father had simply not liked her. Hearing this, he was mostly sure that he had overreacted. Delia was his wife, and Tina had cared for him since he was a child. 
"What?" Delia sneered with a taunting tone. "Are you saying we were wrong and you aren't the bitch who seduced the king?"
"Watch your mouth, lady," Lynn growled. 
Basil bared his teeth at Lynn, "A soldier dares to speak like that to my wife? How dare you! Leave my castle-"
Laurel stepped between Lynn and Basil, "Lynn is the king's soldier, not yours, Prince Basil. You have no right to expel him."
Basil growled at her, "You-"
"Your wife has insulted me in the most vulgar way. He has every right to defend me as a knight." She lifted her head. "It's a knight's duty to act with chivalry and honor."
"You-"
"And if you think your *wife* is right, fine," Laurel shrugged. "It just so happens I'm going to see the king, so let the king be the judge of whether she's right or wrong!"
Delia's words went silent as if she had choked on them at the declaration. Basil paled and froze, looking harried and fearful. 
He was Adolph's son, but he didn't think there was anyone in the kingdom who didn't fear his father in some manner. He didn't want to see him about anything he didn't have to see him, no matter the circumstances. He looked at Laurel and glared at her. If she was telling the truth, there was no way he could punish her. 
Impotent anger filled him, and he thought of Laura. She had seemed to be enthralled with him and feared his ire to some degree, but she had not let that stop her from voicing her opinions. Whenever she seemed to have given up in an argument, he found quickly that she found another way around him to achieve her goal. 
It had infuriated him to have to hear about what she was doing from others and know that she had all but gone behind his back. She had been his wife and the luna of the kingdom. He'd had no way to depose her or divorce her before Delia. 
He had gotten rid of her that night, but it hadn't felt like a real victory. 
His anger boiled in his blood and he snarled, "Who do you think you are? Even Laura didn't dare to talk to me like you do!"
Laurel was shocked to hear the name come from Basil's mouth. She felt sick as the memories started to swirl and push into her mind. She pushed them back and squared her shoulders. She wasn't Laura anymore. She was Laurel. 
"I am the daughter of Jack Miller, the soldier who died defending the life of the king. Like him, I serve the king." She sneered at him. "And ever part of me despises you, Prince Basil!"
"You can't talk to me-"
"You are nothing compared to your father. A cowardly little boy controlled by the ministers and without the first clue about what it means to be a leader. The only thing you excel at is demeaning others to make yourself feel better!"
Basil flushed, baring his teeth at her, "I will kill you!"
Laurel's heart lurched, but she seized the moment, pushing through the terror. If she could get him to admit it now. 
"Oh, really?" She lifted her chin, glaring at him. "Can you do that? Is that what happened to your ex-wife? You killed her for telling the truth?"
He froze, paled and his mouth opened as if she'd slapped him. Laurel wasn't sure what to make of his reaction. If he was guilty, he would have avoided the topic. Why did he look so haunted?
" What?" He blinked and he frowned. "Kill Laura? Why would I do that? She was nothing to me."
A spike of relief and disappointment went through her. He didn't seem to be the murderer, but to hear him say that Laura had been nothing to him had been a harsh blow. She turned away from him, having gotten her answer, and left. 
Basil and Delia shouted after her, but Laurel ignored them. She was puzzled. Her investigation had hit a dead end, and all the suspects had seemingly been ruled out. 
Could her killer be someone else?
"This way," Lyn said softly. Laurel followed Lynn as she turned over the issue. It was possible that one of them was lying or just a good actor, but she couldn't rule out any other possibility. 
Maybe it was someone from the Emerald Twilight Pack who wanted revenge on her parents for their greed. Maybe it was just someone in the court who had wanted to marry Basil. Whoever it was, she'd have to think hard about their motivations. 
"Here we are."
Laurel looked up and glanced around before freezing. She recognized the floor and was horrified. 
"Lynn, why are we on the king's floor?" 
"The king ordered it so."
Laurel's jaw dropped open, "What?"
Lynn gestured to the door next to Adolph's office. She knew it was locked from her last life. It was the luna's office. Her stomach trembled as Lynn pulled out the key and opened the door before ushering her inside. Across the room, a large stained glass window let in light, depicting the history of the werewolf kingdom and the line of Raymond with their golden hair like sunshine. 
Everything seemed trimmed in gold and silver. The desk was carved from a fine, dark wood that gleamed as if it had just been polished. Like Adolph's office, there was a large bookcase that wrapped around the room, but there was nothing spartan about the room. 
It looked as though it was made to showcase the wealth and strength of the werewolf kingdom in every detail from the trim of the window to the small circle of couches around the ornate coffee table. 
"It's beautiful, but" Laurel turned back to Lynn to see him offering her the key. She gasped, stunned into silence. 
Lynn smiled, "The king said that this is your office from today on."
###chapter 39: The Luna’s Office
*This has to be a mistake*
"But, Lynn-"
Lynn smirked at her and bowed out of the room, closing the door behind her. She huffed at his hasty escape and turned to look around the room. She had once been the wife of a prince, and her office had not been this luxurious. It had been plainer than the office Adolph worked in. 
Maybe this was a part of the king's office?
Either way, she should leave and find somewhere else to work. She started to retreat, but her curiosity held her in place. Every gleam of gold trimming the windows and the desks twinkled and beckoned her to explore. The lush rug on the floor looked too expensive to walk across, yet she wanted to sink her feet into its fibers. 
In her past life, she had never been interested in the luxuries of life. Everything luxurious had a place and a reason for it in her life and helped her inhabit the position of luna. 
Now, she had no need for it, yet she was intrigued all the same. 
She crossed the room and felt how thick the rug was beneath her feet. As she rounded the desk, she drew her fingers across the top of the desk. 
A small picture frame lay face down on the desk. She frowned at it and picked it up. It was a portrait and she scrunched her nose seeing it before narrowing her eyes at the portrait. At first, she thought it was Basil, but there was something about it that wasn't right. 
The young man was on a horse, painted in the middle of a lush forest with a warm smile. The cloak on his shoulders was blood red and he looked more in control of the horse he was one than she had ever seen Basil over anything. 
This wasn't Basil. It was *Adolph* in his youth. 
"By the goddess," she gasped. She wasn't sure if she could say that he was more handsome in the portrait than he was now. In place of his mature charm, there was a youthful recklessness and mischief. His eyes were alight with wonder and his expression was much softer than it was now. 
It reminded her a bit of when he would smile at her, but this was an Adolph that she would never meet, a young man who had no children or a wife. 
She guessed it was painted before he'd gone off to fight the war. She wondered what Adolf had been like in his youth. 
A knock sounded on her door, pulling her from her thoughts. She wasn't sure how long she'd been looking at the portrait, but she opened a drawer and placed it inside with as little noise as possible before telling the person to enter. 
A maid came in with her head bowed low and a covered silver serving tray in hand. She curtsied.
"Good Morning, Miss. I've brought you breakfast."
Laurel frowned at her. She didn't remember her from her past life. "Could I have your name?"
"My name is Lily," she said and approached the desk to set the tray down. "I was recently appointed as the head maid by His Majesty."

*******
She was Chasel's cousin. She had been working as a nurse in several packs in the area but was called back to the Imperial City by Chasel because she didn't have a mate yet. She had attended the celebration and found her mate: Lynn. 
Laurel smiled, glad that the gathering had worked out so well. 
"Since Lynn works in the castle, I applied as well," she said and smiled at her. "I hope you will treat me kindly while I learn my new position."
She invited Lily to sit with her for a moment to learn more about her. Lily was nothing like Tina, so Laurel felt a bit of relief. Maybe Sarah would consider coming back to work in the palace with Lily in charge. Lily left a while later to allow Laurel to eat breakfast. 
It was better than most of the meals she had ever been brought as Laura and she hummed a bit while she ate. When she was done, she set the tray aside and began to work starting with the stack of letters that had come in from the hospital, the orphanage, and the school. Most of the letters spoke about what else they needed and Laurel made a list of things to do including recruiting caretakers, teachers, and doctors. 
Maybe she could hire back some of the ones who quit and solve at least part of her problem. 
She glanced at the tray and winced, thinking of the orchard. She sighed. How could she forget the orchard? She had completely forgotten to discuss it with Basil, but considering they had just had a big argument, Laurel decided to postpone the matter for now. 
Instead, it would be better to find out who was in charge of transporting food to the border. Lily came in to take the tray at some point, but Laurel had been so absorbed in her work that she barely noticed her bringing a snack with tea in the middle of the morning. 
At noon, there was another knock at the door. Laurel thought it was Lily bringing her lunch. 
"Come in," she called without looking up from her paperwork, murmuring to herself. "Thank you for the snack, Lily. It was great. Could you set lunch over there?"
"I'm glad you're enjoying your new office." She flinched and stood, her face burning with embarrassment at seeing Adolph in the doorway holding a bouquet of roses. 
"Your Majesty!"
He smiled and offered her the bouquet, "Here. For your office. How do you like it so far?"
"Thank you, Your Majesty." She said taking the bouquet of roses and turning away from him. They were beautiful, but they weren't enough to make her forget what he'd done. 
"The office is much too nice for meAnd the flowers are a bit inappropriate for an employee." 
"I put your office next to mine," he chuckled. "And there's nothing inappropriate about flowers for my mate. I don't think anyone will dare to try and throw all your stuff out again."
Laurel winced at the thought. Maybe them being mates was simple in his mind, but it wasn't for her. She didn't want anyone else thinking she was his mistress or speculating about their relationship. Aside from that, she didn't want to forgive him easily. They had arguments before, but this was different. If she grew closer to anyone else, would he hurt them at the least provocation? She didn't want their relationship to be just a different type of cage. She put the roses in the vase and stood there looking at Adolph, who looked very gentlemanly again. 
"I know yesterday still bothers you," Adolph searched her eyes. "As an apology, I'd like to take you to lunch if you're agreeable."
Laurel hesitated but nodded. She was hungry, and if she was going to be working next door to Adolph, it was best to at least be cordial with him. Adolph grinned and offered his arm to escort her. She thought they were going to the dining room for lunch, but Adolph led her past the dining room and out of the gates and into the gardens in the gazebo where a tea table was set up. 
A few maids were there along with serving ware. Adolph ushered her into a chair and pushed her up to the table before taking the seat across from him. The maids moved quickly and quietly to serve their meals and pour their wine. 
It felt a bit overwhelming, but Adolph smiled at her. 
"Please enjoy, and let me know if anything isn't to your liking."
The scent of the garden was soothing and lightly laced with the scent of the orchard. She wondered if any of the food had come from the orchard. The food was as delicious as she expected from the castle's kitchens. She looked across the garden, relaxing in the warm air, surrounded by the beauty of the garden. 
When she turned to look at Adolph over the last course of their meal, she found him smiling at her. 
"I apologize for offending you yesterday," Adolph said, meeting her gaze. His eyes were just as open and honest as they had been when they met. "Sometimes, I can't control my temper. I was furious when I returned to the castle without seeing you..."
He shook his head, "Seeing you with another man It was too much. You are my mate, and it took everything in me to keep my promise and not murder him there."
Laurel swallowed her nervousness at his mention of murder and lowered her gaze. 
"I accept your apology. But I'm not your property, Your Majesty."
"I'm still trying... to make you my property."
Laurel frowned wanting to growl at him in indignation, but she held it in.
Adolph paused for a moment before continuing, "In addition to your current duties, I have more duties to assign you."
She frowned as her stomach churned. She had a feeling she wouldn't like what he had to say. 
"Basil's wife is ill-suited to the position of luna. She is willful and rude." She agreed, of course, but she held her breath as he went on. "The kingdom desperately needs a good luna, and the castle needs a mistress to take care of everything... Even if I hire a new head maid, she will need time to familiarize herself with her job. So, Laurel, I'd like to leave the luna job to you for now."

###chapter 40: Luna Again

Laurel couldn't breathe around her shock. Everything in her screamed that she would end up dead again if she agreed, but she held back her frantic response. 
"No," she said calmly. Adolph's eyes widened. "It is not appropriate, Your Majesty. What reason would I do that?"
Adolph expected Laurel to refuse him, so he was prepared to convince her by any means necessary to agree. 
"But you've done a good job on dealing with the orphanage, the school, and the hospital..." She averted her gaze, seemingly uncomfortable. "I am asking you to at least preside over the castle. Lily just arrived. There are many things that are still unfamiliar to her. Please? Would you help her?"
Lily stepped forward from the line of maids who had been serving their meal with a little smile. 
"It's my request too, Miss Laurel. Although I have a lot of experience, I am not familiar with this castle, and it would be great if someone could help me."
Laurel hesitated. She could have refused Adolph once she got her mind together. It may have been a bit mean, but she could have done it and he wouldn't have been able to do much about it, but Lily didn't deserve that. 
She was so nice, and she needed the help. If anyone had reached out to her when she had lived as Laura and offered help, she would have taken it. She would feel guilty if she didn't reach out to Lily. 
She huffed and glowered at Adolph. Though his expression was innocent and hopeful, she knew that this had to have been a setup. He was too cunning and had seen too much of her character not to be able to devise this as a backup to just asking her. 
"Isn't this a win-win? You can help Lily, and the castle will be managed well."
"It's not a win for me!"
"What would you need to consider it a win for you?" Adolf asked.
She wanted to curse him but hung her head. There was nothing that she could ask for because he didn't have anything she wanted or needed. 
"Fine," she huffed. "I'll help Lily manage the castle and learn her new role."
Managing the castle used to be part of the luna's duties. When she'd lived as Laura, Tina had used her control of the staff and her importance to Basil to obstruct her from function as the mistress of the castle, but that hadn't stopped her from learning what was needed. 
She wondered for a moment if he knew or suspected that she was Laura, but she kept her suspicions to herself as she at her pastries. 
Lily thanked her with a little curtsey and they finished lunch in relative silence. 
Adolph gave her another bouquet of roses and kissed the back of her hand. 
"I hope you enjoyed lunch." He said, tucking a lock of hair behind her ear. "And I hope you enjoy the flowers."
Laurel nearly went weak in the knees at the graze of his fingers across her cheek, but her mind turned back to her new duties. She had no time for swooning or much of anything else right now. Neither did Adolph.
"I did. Thank you I have to get back to work."
He chuckled and nodded, smiling helplessly as she withdrew from him, murmuring to herself about reorganizing her priorities. 
"Goodbye, Laurel. If you need me, I will be on the training grounds."
She nodded stiffly watched him go. With a sigh, she turned and walked with Lily back to her office. 
They rounded a corner and saw Delia and Tina down the corridor. Laurel frowned and was resolved to go upstairs without interacting with them. Tina looked up from her conversation with Delia. Her gaze stopped on the red roses in her arms before she flashed Laurel a mocking smile. 
Laurel turned without a word and headed up the stairs. 

*******
The next day, Laurel brought Sarah back to the castle. Sarah had been a maid in the castle for a long time and had some knowledge of various jobs. She would be a great help to Lily. She introduced the two women to each other and was glad that they seemed to get along well from the start. 
"I'll do my best to answer your questions," Sarah said with a smile. 
"Thank you, Sarah," Lily said as Laurel led them to the servants' gathering area and posted the order that everyone was to report to Lily to give their name and duty in the castle before lunch on the front lawn of the castle. 
"Why?" Lily asked, "Isn't there a roster or something?"
"There is," Laurel said, "But it's best to have a face to match to the names."
When she had been luna, she had memorized the names of everyone who worked in the castle. Knowing the staff was the most basic requirement to manage them.
Tina laughed from nearby, sneering at her. 
"See! You're just an ignorant little girl! That is no way to manage such a big castle! You want to meet everyone on the lawn, but that will disrupt everyone's work schedule and bring the whole castle to a standstill! Who's going to prepare lunch clean the rooms while they're all outside?"
Lily gasped in shock at Tina's words. 
Laurel scoffed, "If having everyone meet just once on the law will paralyze the entire castle, then we'd be better off replacing everyone because they are a bunch of dumbasses who can't work things out."
Tina sputtered and Laurel turned, "But since you put it that way, let me set out a clear schedule as I don't have time to fire a bunch of people right now."
She called the leaders of each area to her and gave out the order in which people would report to the lawn. 
The kitchen would prepare breakfast. While they were doing so, the laundry maids would report to Lily and Laurel. After them would be the maids and servants who cleaned the rooms then the kitchen staff. By the time rooms were clean, the waiters and the personal attendants would come. When they were done reporting, they would have enough time to get back to their stations and dress Adolph, Basil, and Delia for lunch. At lunchtime, the kitchen maids and servants would come. 
"I'll be evaluating your abilities over lunch, so they'll need to do their best."
By the time she was done running through the schedule, Tina was shocked and speechless. 
The other leads nodded in agreement and understanding before dispersing back to their areas. Tina seemed as though she wanted to argue, but she could only turn around and leave. 
Laurel suspect that she was going to go find Delia and tell her what was going on, but Laurel would deal with that when the time came. 
Luckily, most of the maids and servants were respectful to Lily and Laurel as they introduced themselves in between completing their work. 
The few who were lazy and late gave her pause. Most of them were relatives of the imperial city's nobles or the alphas of nearby packs. They'd been sent to work in the castle to get on good terms with the royal family, gain their trust, and collect information on them to send back to their original families. 
After speaking with several of them, she suspected that they bribed Tina when she was the head maid to get easier work. 
"You're fired," Laurel said to the group of them. "Pack your things and leave the castle by the end of the day."
"You can't fire me!" One of them yelled as Laurel and Lily turned to leave. 
"Who do you think you are?"
"Lynn, Sam," Laurel said. "Please get whoever you need to make sure these people are out of the castle by the end of the day."
"Of course, Miss Laurel," Lynn said. 
It didn't take them long to find comrades as all the guards of the castle had been replaced with the king's soldiers. They obeyed without question and only owed their loyalty to Adolph. They all knew that Laurel and Lily had been appointed to take care of it, so they each took charge of one of the servants as they protested.
Their protests died quickly in the face of the soldiers and the left without any more fuss. 
Lily was shocked at Laurel's actions. She was a beautiful petite young woman who looked so delicate, yet she had been so decisive and bold about her decision.
"Miss Laurel," Lily asked as they were alone in the corridor. "Aren't you afraid of offending these people?
Laurel shrugged, "It's important to do what's right. Offending people is unavoidable." 
Laura had offended the nobles left and right. She'd tried to avoid doing so by making concessions, but they just continued to cause problems and make the same mistakes, just like Basil. She wouldn't be making concessions this time because she knew better.
Laurel grinned slyly, "Besides, it was the king who asked me to manage the castle. If they have a problem with anyone, it'll be with the king!"
Lily hummed thoughtfully as Lynn leaned to whisper in her ear, "I think the king made a wise decision. She's best suited to be our luna."
Lily couldn't find a reason to disagree. 


###chapter 41: Bouquet
As Laurel began to eat lunch on the lawn with Lily, Sara, Lynn, and Sam, around the time the last group of maids and servants working in the kitchen came to report to her. As they began the third course, Chasel approached the table with a bright grin. 
"So good to see you out enjoying the weather!"
Lily jumped to her feet and hugged him tightly, "Chasel!"
He laughed, "I hope you're behaving and settling in well."
She pouted, "Don't be mean to me."
Chasel grinned and bowed a bit to Laurel, "Miss Laurel, a pleasure to see you back in the castle."
Laurel nodded, "Hello, Chasel. What are you doing out here?"
"Running a few errands for His Majesty," Chasel pushed Lily back up to the table. "The king knew it was your first day of taking over the management of the castle, so he wanted to come and see you, but he couldn't leave because he is meeting with the nobles."
The maids and servants from the kitchen came across the lawn to report and Laurel nodded at them in acknowledgment though they stopped just behind Chasel and the two guards with him.
He huffed, "Those annoying nobles always getting in the way"
Lily giggled as Chasel cleared his throat, "So he asked me to come and see if your work was going well and to bring you this"
Chasel gestured to one of the guards who came with him and he brought forth a large bouquet of roses. The other presented her with a wrap made of white fox fur. Laurel's face burned as she remembered Adolph offering it to her while they were still traveling back to the Imperial City. 
Lynn let out a low whistle, "Wow."
Lily and Sarah looked at her with grins. 
"Oh, how sweet!"
Laurel wanted to refuse it and it must have shown on her face as Chasel stepped forward and spoke quickly. 
"Please, you must accept this, or the king will blame me for not completing my task!"
She sighed and nodded, barely fighting the little smile at the sight of the roses and the wrap. Her heart fluttered a little bit. She'd known Adolph could be charming, but she'd almost lost sight of it in the face of his violence with Eden. 
Chasel gave her a big smile and left a few moments later. 
Chasel soon left. The servants who came bowed their heads low with respect towards Lily and Laurel. It was good that they showed respect, but it felt a bit more exaggerated than it should have been. Laurel supposed that they recognized Chasel as the king's beta. Maybe Adolph had sent Chasel at this exact time to make it known that Laurel and Lily were acting at the king's behest.
The gift was sweet by itself, but the rest of it confused her a bit. It was great that he was showing such support and making sure everyone knew that he had appointed Laurel to the task. He was sweet and considerate towards her, but she didn't know how to reconcile his ruthless side. 
He'd never been ruthless towards her, but she didn't think he was incapable of it. 
She thought of the young man in the small portrait in her desk and the boyish smile he'd given her and wondered if that was the real him or if the werewolf who had thrown Eden across the alley was his true personality. 
There was no way he could be both. She shook her head and set the gifts aside before addressing the kitchen servants regarding their tasks. 
"How dare you!" 
Laurel frowned as Delia and Tina came storming across the lawn. Delia walked ahead of Tina looking furious. Laurel could only guess that Tina had told Delia that Laurel was running the castle. 
"You cruel and heartless woman! You drove so many people out of the castle!" Delia cried as she crossed the lawn, "Firing all of those people!"
Delia couldn't believe that little country girl had the nerve to not only return after Delia threw her out but also encroach on Delia's position! She'd teach that girl a lesson if it was the last thing she did. Yes, they were all pawns of Tina's who bribed her to get out of doing hard jobs. Sure, they were all spies for packs in the area, but Delia should have been the one to fire them not Laurel! She was the luna!
Laurel looked up at her as Delia reached the table, seething and standing over her. 
"I knew I made the right decision to drive you out of the castle in the first place! Now you're back, and look what terrible things you've done!"
Laurel looked up at her, taking in her fury and set her teacup down, "What are you-"
"You took my job!" Delia yelled. "Look at the mess you've made of the castle! If it were me, I would never be so cruel to the people who work at the castle!"
Laurel glared at her. It would have been one thing if Delia had a real criticism to give. She may have listened to her, but Delia's complaints were ridiculous. She thought of Adolph's opinion of Delia and couldn't help but agree again. 
She wasn't fit to be luna with a temper like this. 
"They made mistakes and I am holding them accountable. If you have any complaints against me, go to the king. He gave me the position."
Tina flushed, baring her teeth, seething with fury, "I don't know exactly what means you use to please the king, but remember you can never replace Luna Olivia in the king's heart!"
Tina glanced at the roses on the table and sneered. 
"Roses. Of course," she scoffed. "Do you know why roses? Because roses were Luna Olivia's favorite flower! The king would always send her lots of roses to express his love..."
Laurel tried to ignore but Tina's sneer turned mocking as she continued, "Now, he sends you roses, huh? Luna Olivia's favorite flower, you know what that means, don't you? It means you'll never be better than her!"
Laurel was stunned, but she kept her composure even as her heart ached. Tina's mocking expression the other day made sense if she was telling the truth. A pang of despair went through her. 
Alice whimpered and her voice turned sad. *It can't be possible. She's lying.*
The despair thrashed in her heart. Would she ever be more than a replacement for any man in the Raymond family? First as Basil's marked mate, now a replacement for Adolph's wife. She held back the tears and glared at Tina and Delia with all the ice she could muster. She was almost grateful for all the practice she'd had as Laura.
Delia flinched at the cold and regal expression she wore. She was pretty and young, but there was no mistaking the majesty of her gaze as if she was some pitiful criminal Laurel was sentencing. 
"I don't know what you're speaking of," Laurel said primly. "And I don't care to acknowledge it. I work for His Majesty at his request. If you plan to interfere with my work, I'll have to ask you to leave."
Sam and Lynn rose from their seats and stepped forward. Tina let out a little frightened sound and stepped back, but Delia seemed to only grow angrier. 
"How dare you touch me?" She glared at Sam though they hadn't gotten close enough to touch either of them. "I am the wife of Prince Basil, the luna of the kingdom!"
Laurel ignored them, "If they move to interfere, please remove them."
"Of course, Miss Laurel," Sam said, glaring at the two of them. 
They finished lunch quietly. When they were done seeing all the maids and servants, she asked the rest of the staff to leave, ready to get on with her day. 
The orchard was at the top of her list. She looked over at Delia and considered it. She hadn't talked to Basil about it, but since Delia was here, maybe she would be of some use.
"What?" Delia hissed.
"Please go and ask Prince Basil to come to my office. I have something to talk to him about."
Delia screeched in fury, "So, are you going to seduce my husband?."
Laurel felt her stomach turn and she covered her mouth as she retched and shuddered in disgust. It was such a visceral reaction that Lynn turned to her with concern on his face. 
"Are you okay?"
She nodded and shuddered, "Don't project your filthy thoughts on others. It's a matter of the kingdom. If you don't, I will report it to the king."
Delia paled, flinching away from the guards. Her expression said she wanted to refuse, but the fear in her eyes was real. 
"Fine," Delia hissed before turning to walk back to the castle. Tina followed in her wake leaving Laurel alone with Sam and Lynn. 
She looked at the roses and the wrap on the table and winced at the pang of despair that went through her. 
*It means you'll never be better than her!*
She grabbed the bouquet and the wrap and for a moment considered throwing them in the trash. It wouldn't undo the humiliation of Tina's words or the pain in her heart, but it might make her feel better. 
But she turned away from that through, her shoulders slumping and her eyes burning with tears. It would be rude to do so, and Laurel had never been rude. She grit her teeth and turned back to the castle, headed for her new office. Sam and Lynn followed in her wake without speaking. 
Rose petals fell from the bouquet as she walked and she avoided everyone in the castle until she reached her office, hoping that the hopelessness and despair wouldn't be noticed though it felt as though she was breaking inside.

###chapter 42: In Love

Laurel returned to her office with a deep sigh. The roses Adolph had given her the day before had wilted a bit. Her heart felt a bit wilted, worn down by time and realizations. She sighed and replaced the wilted roses with the new bouquet. 
How long would it take for these roses to wilt? 
"Ow!" 
She hissed and put her bleeding finger into her mouth before her blood could drip everywhere. 
She hadn't realized the thorns hadn't been removed from the roses. She rounded the table looking for bandages when the door burst open. She jumped, startled, and looked at the intruder to see Basil in the doorway, glaring at her and baring his teeth. 
He crossed the room quickly, raising his hands as if he was going to grab her neck. She stumbled back as he crossed the room. She'd never seen him so angry before. 
"How dare you!" He screeched. "How dare you use this room!"
"What?" Laurel frowned. His words didn't make any sense. She kind of expected him to be upset about Delia, but he was talking about the office? "What are you talking about?"
"You bitch!" Basil slammed his hands on the desk, roaring at her. "Don't pretend to be innocent! Who knew that a pretty girl like you had a snake's heart! It's not enough that you ruthlessly drove so many people out of the castle, but to over my mother's room is too much!"
Laurel was stunned. She didn't even know what she could say. She had never thought about the room, but to hear it was the luna's office, the one room that she should have had access to in her past life and hadn't ever seen, was a shock. 
The office of Luna Olivia who Adolph reportedly loved so dearly. 
She thought of the picture frame with the portrait of the young Adolph in it. It made sense. Laurel had loved the portrait at first sight. Who else in this castle would keep a framed picture of young Adolph on a desk if not the late luna?
Laurel's lips trembled. Her mind was filled with memories of their love story. Even Tina's scorning words about Adolph sending his late wife's favorite flowers to her seemed painfully sweet even as the thought burned her with humiliation. She was just a replacement Adolph put in the position of his late wife. She swallowed the sob of anger and humiliation and kept calm, meeting Basil's eyes. 
She didn't want to show him any sort of vulnerability.
"Prince Basil, you have my apologies. I didn't know. His Majesty arranged this room for me-"
"Liar!" Basil barked, growling at her. "Do you expect me to believe that?"
He sneered at her, looking at her derisively, "There's no way you are my father's mate, you shameless slut!"
Laurel gasped in horror. Basil had never spoken to her like this before.
"You can't-"
"It's not enough to climb into my father's bed, but to try to replace my mother and become luna?"
"I'm not-"
"My wife-"
"Enough!" Laurel screamed. Alice roared and shook the air.
Basil shut his mouth, staring at Laurel as she leaned against the desk. Her jaw was clenched as she glared at him and tears ran down her cheeks. How could she be crying and looking so furious and dignified all at once? Her breathing was labored and she wiped her face roughly. Her chest heaved as she slowed her breathing and met his gaze with a regal, dignified air that felt uncanny. 
He turned away from the thought of who she reminded him of and focused on his anger. No one was allowed in this room. Adolph had loved his mother so much that he had never married again and Basil had been faithful to her memory and kept the luna's offices locked. 
This girl had gone too far.
"I've had enough!" She said, her voice trembling with fury. "Why don't you ever listen to anyone?"
"You-"
"I told you, I don't know! I told you and you just keep screaming without listening to anything I have to say because it's convenient for you to vent your anger-"
"How-"
"I'm not done!" She slammed her hand on the table glaring at him, baring her teeth. Basil gasped in shock, his eyes widened at her gall. "The king invited me to come to the imperial city. The king asked me to manage the school, the orphanage, and the hospital! The king gave me this office to manage the castle. The king has given me all these duties and I am just following orders!"
Basil opened his mouth, but she growled at him before he could get a word out.
"And I'm not his mistress!" She yelled. "And those damned servants I fired? Lazy, irresponsible, and *bribing* your nanny into getting lesser tasks! They don't even do the work they bought their way into well and pawn it off on others! They spy on you and the royal family for their pack leaders using Tina's greed as cover! I did this castle a favor, but you don't care about that, do you? All you care about is how it makes you feel!"
"I-"
"Why do you never try to learn the truth? Why don't you ever think beyond the obvious? Why don't you ever just think? You listen to the people who make you feel important around you and blame others when things don't go well!"
Basil was frozen, frowning as she yelled at him. He wanted to say something, but he couldn't. What would he say? Was she right? Was she telling the truth about the servants?
Even if she was, she didn't have the right to talk to him like that. 
"You can't talk to me like that!" 
"Who do you think you are?" Laurel screeched. "Is it fun to play with my feelings? To torment me when I don't even want to be the damn luna? No one wants to be luna of this damned kingdom!"
She turned sharply, pushing the vase of roses to the ground. The vase shattered across the ground, spilling water and roses across the lush rug. She shoved past him with a little sob and more strength than Basil had expected before running out of the room sobbing. 
Basil stared after her for a few moments wondering, gripped by the memory of Laura rushing away from him, the grey skirt of her plain dress billowing behind her, seeming to vanish into the distance like a ghost, sobbing.

******
Laurel knew shouldn't have run, but staying in that room another moment with Basil would have broken her completely and she didn't want that to happen.
"Miss Laurel?" Someone called after her. "What's wrong?"
"Miss Laurel, wait!"
She hid her face, taking the fastest path down the stairs towards the front gates of the castle. She didn't want this. She couldn't do this again. She should have never come. Her heart felt squeezed in a vice. 
Something solid and unyielding cut off her path, bouncing her back onto the ground and into the dirt. It felt slick like mud as she landed in it, but she didn't care. The stone path nearby was that of the main path out of the castle. She'd at least made it out of the castle in her haste. 
"My apologies-Laurel?"
She gasped looking up at the familiar voice and sniffling. Her vision was blurry as her eyes overflowed with tears, but she recognized the man. It was Eden. He crouched down beside her, cupping her shoulders as his eyes filled with concern. 
"What's going on? What happened, Laurel?" 
Eden's gaze dropped her stinging palm. She looked down to the cut on her hand and the scrape before his hand shot out and closed around her wrist tight. She winced at the pressure. 
"You're hurt!" Eden gasped, his tone a bit strained and tense. It wasn't exactly concern, but she didn't know how to describe it. "Does it hurt? D-Do you need a bandage?"
She didn't answer him, staring at the cut from the roses' thorns. She thought of the portrait and Adolph and her chest felt tight as if a large boulder was sitting on her chest and every breath was a battle. She almost envied Laura. Being abandoned by Basil had been painful, but this was so much worse. At least Laura knew she was always just a stand-in. She'd had no delusions about mates and even her fantasies about romance had faded with time. 
But now? Could she call this anything else? 
Why her? 
She sniffled. Hadn't she known she was always meant to be just a stand-in? Why was she so upset? 
Alice howled in pain seemingly on the edge of weeping and her agony rattled through Laurel. 
*He's our mate* Alice moaned. 
And she loved him. 
After trying so hard to keep her distance, focusing on securing justice for Laura, and fighting it every step of the way, she'd lost. 
She'd fallen for Adolph like some tragic heroine doomed to repeat her mistakes twice over. 
"Laurel, you have to breathe!" Eden said, pulling her into his arms. She felt him lift her from the ground as she turned her face into his chest. 
She clenched the lapel of his jacket in her fist, trying to hold back the cry of agony. She heard some poor woman sobbing loud and desperate nearby and Eden's voice above her.
She understood that woman's pain and wished she'd had the strength to let herself cry the same way. 
She never realized that the woman she was hearing was her.

###chapter 43: Heartbreak
Eden shrugged out of his coat as quickly as he could manage and wrapped it around Laurel before lifting her from the ground and hurrying back to his room at the inn. He didn't know what had set her off and he wasn't entirely sure that she could answer him. She wasn't responding to anything he said, so he stopped asking. 
When he arrived at the inn, he went quickly up to his room and set her at the table in the center of the room. She seemed calmer, wrung out from sobbing as she sat with her head bowed, staring out into nothing. 
He poured a glass of water and sat it beside her as she sniffled and waited for her to come back to the world. 
"I'm sorry..." Laurel gasped. "I stained your clothes..."
Eden frowned before looking down and chuckled. There was a bit of dirt on his clothes, but he wouldn't call them stained.
"You didn't do anything wrong." Eden shook his head. "Do you want to talk about what happened?"
Laurel worried her lip, averting her gaze as she pulled his jacket closer around her. Eden's gaze was so earnest, drawing her in and making her want to tell him everything. Eden had seen her in her most miserable state but still treated her so well. Perhaps she should trust Eden, but she was hesitant to do so.
Noticing her hesitation, Eden gently asked, "Let me guess. It's the king?"
She flinched at the mention of Adolph. Her eyes burned and filled with tears again before she could recognize the pang of pain in her chest. Eden reached out and placed a hand on her shoulder, rubbing gently. 
"It's okay," Eden said softly. "It's okay, you're safe now."
"I... I don't know what to do." Laurel sobbed, "All this time, I've tried so hard to keep my distance from him because I know I don't deserve him, but now my worst fear has happened! That's why I'm... But he's so good to me. There's no way I can... control myself from falling in love with him! He's my mate!"
Eden gasped, stilling for a moment, "Adolph Raymond is your mate?"
Laurel wasn't sure what to make of Eden's tone. She couldn't manage to parse out what he could be thinking around all of her emotions storming through her. 
"A king and a country girl-- what a match!" She sobbed, laughing a bit hysterically. "Why does the moon goddess always have to do this to me? Is it my duty to exist merely to be a joke? And all those words that Adolph said to me, all that tenderness... Were they all lies? Did he do everything just to make me a substitute for his ex-wife? I can't tell anymore"
Every lesson on dignity she'd learned as Laura seemed forgotten. Laurel, the orphaned seventeen-year-old girl sobbed. 
Eden wiped her tears gently, "I-Is it painful? I'm sorry that I can't share the pain with you. Humans don't have bonds between mates, so I have no way of knowing how important mates are to werewolves..."
"I'd rather not have a mate!" She cried. "This bond only ties me to tragedy, and if I don't have a mate-"
She drew up short as Alice huffed, cutting off her thoughts and Laurel shuddered at the possibility, not wanting to imagine a future without a mate now that she had met Adolph. 
Adolph wasn't perfect exactly. His ruthlessness and violence were troubling, but he was everything that a little girl could have dreamed of when she thought of a mate. He had been her ideal since she was a child: handsome, strong, and loyal. Seeing more of who he was had changed some of those feelings, but it hadn't destroyed them. 
If only she hadn't met Adolph, she wouldn't have had her heart broken again. She might have lived her second life without ever knowing her fated mate, but she could have been happy with some other man in some pack far away from the Imperial City! She would have at least avoided being back here among the people that had driven Laura to her death. She wouldn't be sobbing here. 
She wanted to regret it, but meeting Adolph had also brought her so much joy. He'd soothed some of the wounds she'd carried with her from Laura with his kindness and faith in her. She loved him. There was no way she could deny that she did no matter how much it hurt.
She wiped away her tears and sighed, hopeless and troubled as she tried to calm down and be rational. She had made every decision. She'd accepted Adolph's invitation to come to the Imperial City to find out the truth about her death in her previous life. When she accepted the invitation, she should have realized the possibility that she would fall in love with him. It had been terrifyingly easy. Adolph had been good to her. He had given the best he could to a country girl with a dead father: a job, a place to stay, and respect. Even if he may have simply been pursuing the shadow of his late wife in her, he still treated her well.
She straightened her spine and lifted her head to look at Eden. 
"Thank you, Eden, for always comforting me when I'm sad, but I'm fine now. Just leave me alone for a while."
Eden stared at her for a few moments as if he had something to say to her, but finally, he nodded with a tight smile. 
"You are such a strong girl. Get some rest, get a good sleep and forget about all the things that bother you! I'll see you tomorrow."
Eden escorted her back to her room at the inn. Laurel took the chance to wash her face once he left. Eden was right; she needed a good night's sleep. Although she didn't know what she could do next, she had a lot of things to think about before making a decision. Resting first was the best decision she could make now. 
With a sigh of exhaustion, she collapsed on her bed. Her eyes caught on the familiar frame on the table. The portrait of young Adolph smiled at him. She smiled a bit though she felt a little guilty. She had she liked it so much, she had snuck it out of the palace to keep at her bedside. She picked up the frame and considered breaking the frame and ripping the picture apart, but the thought made her uncomfortable. 
She chuckled. Maybe it was enchanted, still carrying Olivia's love for Adolph. She wondered if they would have gotten along. They seemed to have similar tastes if they could both love the same man. 
Tears burned her eyes and spilled down her face as she pressed the frame to her chest and curled up in bed. 
If only she had been old enough to have met Adolph before he met Olivia, or at least met him before she met Basil Things would have been so very different. Laura wouldn't have died such a wretched death. She would have been Adolph's luna and the heroine of the great romance that circulated the kingdom in place of Olivia. She would have been happy.
The thought was heartbreaking and spurred more tears to fall. 
She loved him. 
She'd tried so damned hard to not love him, yet her heart ached at the idea of not loving him. 
Alice moaned and languished in despair at the idea and all she could do was hold the framed portrait of him because she couldn't hold him. 
She may love him, but she had to hold herself back from him as there was no way he would ever love her the same way. Olivia would always be first in his heart.
She would never be good enough to have his love though there was no one else who would ever be able to earn her love.
She'd thought being rejected by Basil had been bad. She'd thought she had mourned a fairytale for those three years before she died as Laura, but she had been so wrong.  
She fell asleep with tears rolling down her face and a broken heart. 

*For a moment, she didn't know where she was. It was a dream, she knew, but she didn't recognize the forest. The sound of galloping horse hooves came from behind her. She frowned, turning and searching for the source of the sound.* 
*"Laurel!"* 
*Her heart fluttered as she turned to see Adolph. His voice was the same, but he looked younger as if he had ridden out of his portrait into her dreams. His gaze was warm and loving. He seemed overjoyed to see her as he drew his horse to a stop and leaped down before the horse had stopped moving.* 
*He reached her and swept her up into his arms with a laugh.* 
*The world moved quickly as he whirled her around, laughing. She laughed with him, holding onto him tightly.* 
*"I found you!" Adolph said, squeezing her close. "You're safe now"*
*She wanted to agree with him, but this was a dream, and there was nothing safe about being in love with someone who would never love you.*

A strange sound woke her. Maybe the fluttering of a cloak or a bird tapping on a glass pane. She groaned and turned lifting her head and freezing. Moonlight poured through the window around the figure standing outside looking down at her. A scream bubbled up and pushed at her teeth in panic as the figure knocked on her window. 
It died as she recognized the man's features in the shadow of his cloak. 
"Adolph?"

###chapter 44: Yes, My Love
"Those people aren't worthy of the title!"
Adolph sat on his throne, impatiently. The nobles had been bickering for the better part of the meeting about what should and shouldn't be done, who did, and who didn't deserve to be noblemen. 
Adolph had a list of brave soldiers, alive and dead, and alphas of packs who had contributed to the war efforts. All of them, he planned to make noblemen, but the ministers refused. They were nobles, and they did not want more people to share their honor and power.
Gavin lifted his nose with the little superior sneer Adolph had seen far too often, "How could we allow those uncouth people to become nobles? Imagine all those hicks pouring into our city... What a mess!" 
"I need useful courtiers, Gavin," Adolph gave him a pointed look. "If you and the rest of you were adequate, maybe I wouldn't need to look for others."
Gavin was speechless. The other ministers trembled and quaked with shock, looking to Gavin to say something in retort, but Adolph had endured enough their ridiculousness.
"Y-Your Majesty-"
"Enough," Adolph growled, silencing them. "I have made the decision. Chasel will select the new noble candidates. As for you all"
He glared at each of them as he stood from his throne, "Maybe you'll find something worthy of your titles to do. Otherwise, these people will replace you."
They stammered and stuttered as he left the chamber. He wanted to get all of the nobles out of the ministerial positions as soon as possible and regretted not doing it before the war began. They had helped manage the internal affairs of the kingdom for more than ten years. Not all of them had been terrible before he left, but they had grown complacent in their positions, comfortable in his absence.
Now that he'd returned, it was time to get rid of the worst of them and replace them with people who would support the kingdom the way nobles were meant to do. He'd tolerated their idiocy long enough. The war was over, but the danger wasn't and his people needed help from the throne more than ever. 
The vampires would not be able to attack their borders again in the short term, but he knew the vampire queen was still alive. Until that cunning, evil, cruel woman was dead, he had to be vigilant. She had been behind the attempt to poison him. Who knew what else she was plotting in the shadows. 
He stopped in an empty corridor, looking out the window into the oncoming twilight with a little sigh. Golden orange light spilled over the lands around the castle, setting the area in a warm glow. 
He was tired somewhere deep down in his spirit and had been for a while. He'd been able to ignore it while on the front line, but now, back in the Imperial City, there was no way he could ignore it. 
He was a werewolf in his prime. He shouldn't be tired, but he was. Chasel said that perhaps he had been without a mate for too long and had rejoiced when Adolph told him about Laurel. No werewolf could get to be over forty without a mate and expect to maintain his sanity and strength. Marrying Olivia had been a short-term solution to stabilize him during the war, but after her death, he'd been constantly fighting the fatigue and degradation of his stability. 
Then Laurel had been balanced in a tree overlooking the parade and had changed everything. 
*Laurel.* The thought of her brought a smile to his face. *My mate.*
She was a gift to him from the moon goddess. He had almost given up hope of finding his fated mate when Laurel appeared: beautiful, spirited, and the embodiment of almost every virtue. Adolph knew his power would increase when she became his luna formally. Under their rule, the werewolf kingdom would flourish. He did not doubt their potential. 
How to reach that potential was the problem.
He didn't know how to please women. He had so little experience doing so and he knew it. It was why he struggled with how to treat Laurel. He'd picked up most of what he thought was the proper way to do so from observing others, but it wasn't enough. 
He still felt as though Laurel was seated on some perilous height, close enough to see, but too far to grasp. If he pushed too hard, she would jump and be ferried away into the distance on the wind never to be seen again. 
After so many years as the revered and feared King Adolph, he wondered for the first time if he had any charms beyond that. Sure, he was powerful and respected, but maybe he was too old to hold her attention. Their age difference was indeed a problem, but they were mates. Fated mates, he could feel it. If the moon goddess had seen fit to bring them together then their age difference couldn't be an insurmountable challenge, right? 
Laurel was young, but there was something about her that had always struck him as odd for her age, a suspicion he hadn't been able to shake. 
There was a story in Laurel beyond being Jack's daughter. Maybe she had been hurt in a past relationship, but there was no way he could imagine what great hurt a seventeen-year-old girl growing up in a border pack could have experienced. Why was she so reluctant to trust people, let alone her mate?
It didn't make much sense. 
Maybe he should look into it, but how?
He turned from the window and walked down the corridors of the castle. Night was falling over the city. He headed towards Laurel's office to invite her to dinner 
"Believe me! I saw it! She cried and followed a man away." A woman's shrill voice caught his attention and stopped him in the hallway. He didn't recognize the voice, but it annoyed him. "I told you she was a whore who only seduced people! How dare she seduce another man in the castle beside the king! I'm sorry I didn't get to see who the man was..."
Adolph frowned, listening to the tale. It didn't seem like something Laurel would do. It had to be a mistake or a misunderstanding.
"How dare she!" Adolph recognized this voice as his son's. Didn't he know better than to stand around gossiping? How long had he had all these strange hobbies? "She was still crying in my mother's office when I found her, saying that it wasn't her request, that my father had made her move there. I believed her for a moment, but it seemed she was just lying to me! That damn woman is exactly like Laura and always pissing me off-"
"Don't mention her in front of me!" The first woman cried and Adolph realized that the woman had to be Delia, his wife. "Do you still love her-"
Adolph pushed the door open and walked in to glare at them both. Delia sucked in a fearful breath as Basil looked up at him. She stepped back as Adolph felt himself starting to shake with fury. He glared at Delia then at Basil as his son crossed the room to him with such a happy expression he wanted to call him an idiot. 
If Basil wasn't his son, he would have punched him in the face! 
"Father-"
"Care to explain what you were discussing?" Adolph asked, his voice cold.
Basil rushed towards him, "We were talking about Laurel! Father, how can you tolerate her stealing my wife's job and taking over my mother's office? She always pretends to be pathetic, but she is a-"
"You're an idiot," Adolph said glaring at him. Basil drew back and shut his mouth. The sight of his shock only anger him further and Adolph growled, "I gave her that room! The luna's room belongs only to the luna of the kingdom."
Basil frowned, looking back at Delia who had retreated several more steps.
"But Delia-"
"What about her?" Adolph sneered. "You think your wicked wife can serve as the luna of this kingdom? How could you be so stupid?"
"B-But father-"
"And you," Adolph growled looking at Delia who flinched and let out a fearful sound as he growled at her. "Where is Laurel? Where did she go?"
Delia's legs were shaking and she whispered, "I-I saw her leave the castle with a man..."
Adolph scoffed and left them to their idiocy and fear. If she wanted to gossip, the least she could do was have useful information. Adolph headed to the entrance of the castle and rushed out into the night and down the steps. His heart was burning with fear that Laurel had left the city already. He remembered the strange human man. She'd called him Eden. The only humans in the city were merchants. There was no telling if he'd left the city. Had Laurel followed him? How long had they been gone? 
He cursed himself. He should have killed him when he'd had the chance!
Where was Laurel? He skidded to a stop at the entrance of the city, racking his mind for an idea. He sniffed the sweet scent of sun-warmed milk and honey, just as strong and sweet as it had been the day they'd met. 
Follow it! His wolf urged and Adolf followed the scent. It was the best chance they had. 
He followed it on a straight path to the back door of a small inn. A little relief went through him at the realization that she hadn't left the city. Slowly, he walked up the hill towards the nearest second-floor window of the little inn and peered in. Laurel lay curled up on her side, clutching something to her chest in a pool of moonlight. 
Her face was stained with tears, her hair sprawled messily across the pillow. Still, she was impossibly beautiful and his. Who was it that she'd followed out of the castle? Where was he? More and more questions and doubts were building up. Laurel wouldn't do that to him. They were mates, weren't they?
He knocked on the window before he could think better of it and waited as she stirred. Her eyes were still red and a little hazy as she looked up at him. 
She froze before frowning and her eyes widened in shock. Her eyes were seemed puffy. How long had she been crying? Why was she crying and what was she holding? Had the man left her here? Was he coming back?
"Adolph?" Laurel asked softly. He smiled at her, leaning against the wall and pressing his head to the glass as relief rushed through him. Her eyes didn't seem guilty. His instincts said it was all a misunderstanding, but he wanted to hear it from her. 
He needed to hear it from her.
"Yes, my love," he whispered, meeting her gaze. "It's me."

###chapter 45: Running
His voice was so gentle. For a moment, Laurel thought she was dreaming, but she soon realized that it was not a dream. She tightened her grip on the frame against her chest and pulled the quilt over her head, hiding from Adolph's gaze. Anger bloomed in her heart at the realization.
What was he doing here?
Adolph frowned, looking down at her as she vanished beneath the blanket. His stomach turned with discomfort. What had he done now?
"What are you doing here?" Laurel asked, tense and angry.
"I heard them say that you followed a man out of the castle after being yelled at by Basil, and I thought-"
"It's not of your business, Your Majesty." Laurel grit her teeth trying to keep her jaw from trembling and the little gasping sob from escaping. Of course, he was only there to see if she had run off with a man! Never mind her pain. Never mind what Basil called her or any of the other horrible things she'd learned. "Please leave. I'm going back to sleep."
"Laurel, my mate, we need to talk."
"We have nothing to talk about!" She yelled, her voice cracking though she hadn't meant to yell. She tried to reign her emotions back, but the fury wouldn't settle. "Go away, you bastard!"
Shame filled her and frustration. She growled at herself and got up from bed, taking the blanket with her without looking back at him. How could she lose control of her emotions like this? Mate or not, he was the king. 
"Never mind," she sniffled and threw the quilt back on the bed. "I'm leaving!"
"Laurel, wait!"
She didn't listen, leaving her room and heading to the stairs, and rushing towards the front door. She went through the door and into the night streets. She heard Adolph calling her name from afar. 
"Laurel!"
As she hit the outskirts of the city, she shifted in a flash of light and shot into the forest heading towards the countryside. 
Adolph was almost breathless as her human form gave way to a streak of pure white fur tearing through the forest. A white wolf? He shook himself and ran after her, shifting as he hit the forest line. He gained on her quickly, but she was nimble. He leaped forward, thinking he would catch her, only for her to suddenly change direction and avoid him. 
He huffed the first time and turned quickly, scrambling in the dirt and fallen leaves to follow her. 
"Leave me alone!" She cried, dodging him again, sending him tumbling like a newborn pup. 
It was ridiculous and oddly refreshing to be evaded like this, like a chase he hadn't known he'd wanted. His tiredness was forgotten as he rushed after her.
"Laurel, just wait!"
"No!" She cried, running faster, tearing through the forest in whatever way would make it easy to get away from him. She darted behind trees, unafraid to let him run into the trees to slow him down. 
He was impressed by how strategic she seemed to be in her escape. He had so much practice hunting prey, but he had never chased prey for so long. If she were a deer, he would have caught her already. Even the white fox hadn't given him so much trouble.
Anger welled up again. His doubts whispered at the back of his mind turning his pace vicious as he pursued her. Why would she run from him? Why wouldn't she just talk to him if he had done something wrong? 
Maybe she was leaving him and knew he'd be furious. He wasn't going to let her leave him so easily.
She turned and he took the high ground. She was fast, but he had the advantage of knowing the forest a little better than she did. As she rounded a boulder, he perched above the area she would have to run past and waited for her to come.
Laurel's footsteps grew closer and at the first flash of white fur, he leaped.
"Got you!"
She yelped, stopping and backtracking just enough to dodge him and duck beneath him. She turned and lunged under a fallen tree and squeezed through the opening before he could get his bearings and catch her.
"Damn it, Laurel! Come back!" He cursed on the other side, unable to fit through the narrow space. 
She ignored him, crawling and wiggling through the narrow passage.
She didn't look back. She just had to keep going and she'd lose him in the forest. She'd leave the Imperial City, Basil, Delia, and the memory of Olivia behind. It didn't matter if she'd never get Laura's justice. She'd learn to live with it. 
She turned again, rushing up a hill as she heard Adolph getting closer. The hill ended abruptly and she screamed in terror, trying to stop. The ground ended and for a moment she was skidding nowhere, before plummeting down. She screamed, closing her eyes as the sight of a deep chasm rushed up towards her. 
"No! No! No-"
Her voice was cut off by a loud splash.
"Laurel!" Adolph roared as he rushed up the slope. He leaned over the edge, scanning the water for her before shifting back to his human form. The lake wasn't deep, but she was struggling. She thrashed in the lake as he slid down the slope and hurried into the water as she screamed. 
"Laurel!" He called as he waded to her and lifted her out of the water. "Laurel-Ow!"
She caught him in the face with her claws as she thrashed, wet and panicked. Her eyes were closed as she screamed and fought him, scratching his arms and face. 
"No! No! I don't want to die!"
Her words doused his anger and shocked him. Did she think he was going to kill her? Was she still half asleep? Had she fallen at some point in her childhood or had a nightmare about falling? He'd have to ask about it after he got her calm enough to speak.
"You're safe, Laurel!" Adolph held her tight, keeping her from scratching him again, "Open your eyes, Laurel! I'm here. You're safe!"
She struggled a bit longer, but slowly, she stopped screaming, trembling in the cold water against him. He let out a breath of relief as she started to curl up to him and shiver a bit from the cold.
Laurel sucked in breath after breath, curling into the warmth around her. The sound of the rushing wind and water faded as she opened her eyes to the moonlit dimness and looked up at Adolph in his human form, holding her close.
"You're alright," he said softly. His eyes were full of concern. "The water's not that deep. I've got you."
He stroked her head gently before wading towards the back as her sobbing died down and her fear eased. She whimpered as it felt as though he would let her go. He just shifted her in his arms and stroked her fur until her trembling started to ease. 
"I won't let you go," he soothed. "You're safe."
Laurel shifted into her human form in his arms, wrapping her arms around him and burying her face in his chest as she cried softly. It wasn't fair that his embrace didn't belong to her, and she was sure there was nothing that she could ever do to make it hers. He was so warm and strong. Even leaning into this embrace for a short time was dangerous and made her covet it more than ever. She wasn't the one Adolph loved, but she indulged in the warmth of the embrace of the one she loved for a little bit. 
She'd probably never have the chance to feel this embrace again. 
Adolph murmured gently in her ear as he stroked her hair. He wondered what had made her so furious and how to fix it, but for now, he focused on calming and comforting her as she trembled. His anger fizzled out, forgotten at the feel of her in his arms and the sound of her sobbing. What had happened?
"You're a white wolf" His voice was a bit awed as she sniffled into his chest. "Did you know that the werewolf kingdom has always had this saying that the white wolves are the incarnations of the moon goddess?"
She shook her head. 
"The story is that they're destined to guard the kingdom."
She winced. The moon goddess had told her that before sending her into Laurel's body. She didn't know if Laurel's original form had been a white wolf, but Laurel had always known that she was a white wolf. It had been something her parents had scorned her for the first time she'd shifted.
"I didn't know... White is weird, alien, I've never exposed my wolf form to anyone."
"My poor girl," Adolph hugged her tightly, turning his head to nuzzle her gently. "You never knew how perfect you were, did you?"
Laurel pulled back and looked at him in confusion. He smiled at her sweet face and lifted her hand to kiss the back of her hand. 
"I was going to give you some more time..." Adolph searched her gaze. "But I can't wait, Laurel."
She frowned, "Wait for what?" 
"For you to suddenly just leave me like today. I don't" He shook his head, "I couldn't handle it if you were to just vanish somewhere I couldn't find you. I should have asked you yesterday."
Her eyes widened as she blinked up at him, owlish and stunned, " asked?"
"Laurel Miller, will you marry me?"


###chapter 46: Truth and Lies
Laurel gasped and stared at him. He couldn't have said what she thought he said. 
"W-What?"
Adolph's face burned with embarrassment but he didn't avert his gaze, holding her gaze and enduring the awkward quiet. 
"Will you marry me?"
Laurel couldn't believe the gall of this man. Alice wailed in despair. 
*Don't!*
But what else could she do but reject him? Love or not, mate or not, she still had some manner of dignity! 
She drew back violently, "How could you be so cruel? I will not marry you to be your dead wife's replacement!"
Adolph looked as though he'd been slapped, shocked, and confused. 
"What?" He shook his head, his brown furrowing as he stared at her. "What does she have to do with us?"
She scoffed, pushing free of him and wrapping her arms over her breast, curling into herself so her hair covered her partially, glaring at him and trying to forget the fact that she'd been curled up to his naked body. 
"You sent me your dead wife's favorite flowers, and you made me move into your dead wife's office-"
Adolph frowned, shaking his head, "It's the luna's office. It always has been. I just wanted you to get used to it in advance..."
She trembled as he tilted his head, "What flowers? The roses? Don't men always send roses to their beloved ones? Did I send the wrong one? Is it that you don't like roses?"
Laurel tried to remain angry, but his confused and lost expression was stealing the fire of her anger until she felt a bit ridiculous as they stared at each other. The air was awkward between them and she shook it off. There was some misunderstanding, but she wasn't convinced that it was on her side. 
Maybe he didn't realize that she'd been told the truth. 
"Tina told me today that Luna Olivia's favorite flower was the rose, and that by giving them to me it means that I will never be as good as her..."
Adolph jumped his feet, his face scrunched in fury, "She said that to you? That vile-"
He growled, huffing and turned, his eyes flickering back and forth before he looked at her, seething, "Then when Basil went to you and blamed you in the office for occupying Olivia's room-you thought-"
He groaned, running his hands through his hair almost as if he wanted to tear it out in frustration. He was regretting not punching Basil in the face. Maybe he should revise his thoughts about it and sew his and Tina's mouths shut. 
It would be a fitting punishment. 
Laurel turned away from her, thinking about what Basil had screamed at her. Her eyes burned with tears. Adolph and Olivia had a beautiful love story, and she didn't want to spoil it. 
She swallowed the whimper of agony and spoke slowly, "I know you loved her I know you still love her and I can never replace her place in your heart."
Adolph turned to her, seeming stunned into silence as horror filled his expression. 
She smiled, tense and fake at him. She hoped it was somewhat convincing, "You are very kind, Your Majesty. You have been kind to me, and I know I should be full of gratitude, but there is no way I can marry someone who doesn't love me again--"
"Stop!" He cried, throwing up his hands and shaking his head in distress. His voice was so pained, Laurel didn't know what to make of it. 
"I'm sorry," He took a deep breath, keeping his tone even and gentle. "By the goddess, I'm so sorry, Laurel. None of that is true. Whatever they told you are all lies."
"But-"
"Lies," he said again, meeting her gaze. His eyes were clear and honest. They were pleading and earnest and she couldn't look away. "You are my mate. My only love. My heart has never belonged to anyone else."
He scoffed and shook his head, "As if that woman would- as if she could ever compare to you!"
Laurel watched him frown to himself. She didn't know what to say or how to feel about it. How could it all have been a lie?
"But But they said"
Adolph frowned, glancing at her. He had never imagined that Olivia would be playing a role in why Laurel was rejecting him. He had never imagined that Tina and Basil would be sabotaging his happiness either. He'd have to explain it to her, but he didn't want to talk about Olivia any more than he had to. 
He didn't want Laurel to reject him either, so he resolved himself to say whatever he had to when the time came. 
"Look, Laurel, I know you probably have reservations because I'm a man who's been married once. There's no way I can deny that..." He huffed, thinking about Basil. "And obviously, there's the matter of my *troublesome* son"
There was so much between them, but he was certain that the moon goddess wouldn't have brought them together just for them to struggle against the impossible and fail to finally be together. She wasn't a cruel deity. 
"I won't force you to accept, but I'd like you to consider it." He swallowed and met Laurel's gaze. "To be clear, I married Olivia because I needed to marry her, and our connection is nothing like that. You're nothing like her! You are my mate and my luna. I swear I've only ever loved you."
Laurel was stunned. She didn't know whether she should blush at the king's confession or doubt him. Her mind was a jumbled mess of emotions and confusion. The cold lake water wasn't helping her clear her mind, neither was the cool breeze drifting around. 
"Give me a moment..." She shook her head. "Give me some time to think about it..."
Adolph agreed, relieved a bit that she hadn't outright said no. Too much had happened between them to make any hasty decisions. It had been hasty to ask her, but he couldn't help it. They both needed to calm down. 
"Of course, Laurel," he nodded. "I'll escort you back to the inn."
She frowned, "I can"
She looked around and felt her face burn. She thought she could find her way back, but she doubted it. Adolph shifted back to his wolf form and waited patiently. She was shocked for a moment. She had never imagined he was a black wolf. She wondered if his wolf form meant something special too. She lowered her head and shifted before following him. 
They walked back through the forest in contemplative silence. She was so deep in her thoughts she didn't realize when they had reached the city. 
As they turned the corner towards the inn, Laurel saw Eden looking anxiously up and down the street. 
"Eden?"
He turned and froze at the sight of the two wolves coming towards him. The large one was pitch black and looking at him with suspicion. The smaller one was an ethereal white, but that was the one who had spoken with Laurel's voice. While he was sure he could be relieved that she'd returned, he was certainly surprised. 
"Laurel?"
"What are you doing out here?" She asked looking at him. 
"I I was looking for you. I heard you run out and I was worried about you..."
He took another step back as the huge black wolf growled at him. Laurel hurried towards him, leaving the black wolf's side. The wolf tensed as if it wanted to follow, but it remained still. 
Laurel turned to look at the wolf, "Thank you for escorting me back to the city."
Adolph forced himself to remain calm, as it was a clear request to be left alone. He'd never felt so dismissed in his life. Still, he'd promised to give her time even though he didn't want to. He didn't trust Eden, but he held his tongue and nodded sharply. 
He took a step back, "I'll await your answer." 
Laurel tried not to watch Adolph leave, but she watched his dark form head back towards the palace before following Eden to the inn. 
Eden looked at her with a frown, "What happened? Why would the king-"
Laurel shook her head, "I don't want to talk about it."
Eden seemed a bit affronted but he nodded. 
"I'm tired, Eden. Thank you for trying to find me caring about me, but I want to go back to sleep."
Eden nodded and bade her goodnight, walking upstairs with her and leaving her at her door. She entered and shifted back into her human form. She washed up and grabbed the quilt to get back in bed when the sight of the picture frame stopped her. She picked it up and looked down at the portrait, more confused than ever. 
Luna Olivia placed the frame of her husband on her desk. It was clear that Olivia loved Adolph. The whole kingdom was filled with tales of their romance, but Adolph had said it was all lies. 
What was the truth?

###chapter 47: The Decision
Laurel woke up with a headache. She supposed she should have expected it after running around most of the night. She wanted to stay in bed, but she had work to do. She dragged herself out of bed and through getting ready before going downstairs to the dining room of the inn.
"Laurel!" Eden called, waving at her. He stood from his table, "Care to join me for breakfast?"
She smiled at him and nodded. She didn't have much of an appetite, but she didn't want him to worry. 
"You look a little better than you did yesterday."
She didn't believe that for a second, "Really?"
Eden hummed as she looked at the plate of food that was set before her and sighed. Her mind turned to Adolph's proposal. He said it was all a lie, but he hadn't explained anything more than that. How was she supposed to believe him?
"I wanted to say this yesterday," Eden said, drawing her from her thoughts. His tone seemed a little hesitant and a little bitter. "If I were to leave the imperial city, would you like to come with me?"
Moon goddess save her from men's spontaneous requests!
"What?"
Eden's cheeks flushed, "Well, I'm not a werewolf. I'm just a merchant. When I'm done with my business, I will leave"
Laurel nodded and the thought saddened her a bit. 
"I thought about how interested you seemed in the world. You're an independent and free-spirited girl. I thought you might like to see the world beyond the werewolf kingdom."
Laurel remembered the wonderful stories Eden had told her about his travels. The world beyond the kingdom seemed fascinating. His life seemed wonderful, being able to travel freely and see so many new things to see every day. It certainly seemed like a more ideal life than the one she had now.
Laurel frowned at him, "That's very nice of you, Eden, but why? Why me?"
"Well," Eden's flush turned brighter. "I like you, Laurel. When I first met you, you were different than any woman I'd ever met. You're brave and independent. You stand up to people who are stronger than you But, you seem trapped here."
"Trapped?" Laurel asked with a gasp of fear. 
"You always seem to be forced to do things you don't like." Eden lifted a shoulder in a little shrug. "I just I just think you're better when you're smiling, and you don't seem to be doing that here."
Laurel worried her lip meeting his gaze. He reached out and took her hand. She gasped feeling there was more to this than she originally thought.
"Come with me," Eden said. "The journeys of a merchant will surely bring you more freedom and joy than helping to run a kingdom."
I couldn't handle it if you were to just vanish somewhere I couldn't find you.
Her stomach turned at the thought as she heard Adolph's haunted voice in her ear. She stood and pulled away from Eden. 
"Eden, I-"
"I'm sorry!" Eden winced and reached out to her, "It was quite a shock, wasn't it? I'm not leaving right away. I still have business in the Imperial City."
Laurel eyed him cautiously and nodded stiffly.
"I-It's just an offer," Eden assured with a tense smile. "But I hope you'll think about it."
Laurel said nothing but excused herself from breakfast and headed back to her room as quickly as she could manage. She sighed, looking out the window. 
Adolph or Eden? 
Choosing Adolph was a choice to stay. It meant remaining in the palace and taking on the duties of the luna formally. It meant being with her mate and always dealing with the shadow of Olivia and the memory of Laura. 
Choosing Eden would mean freedom. It meant leaving the Imperial City and probably never coming back, but would it be happiness? If she left, would Laura's spirit ever be put to rest?
She wished it was a simpler choice to make and groaned, resting her head against the glass. How was she supposed to choose?
The door opened behind her and she turned to see Sarah coming into the room. 
"Oh, thank goodness!" Sarah cried, pressing a hand to her chest before crossing the room to take her hands. "Laurel, are you alright?"
Laurel smiled at her. She'd almost forgotten. She had let Sarah remain with Sam when she wasn't on duty. She probably only just heard that Laurel had left the castle in tears. 
"How did you know?"
"They were saying a man took you away. It had to be Mr. Bloomfield, so I came here."
Laurel hugged Sarah, leaning into her strength, "Thank you, Sarah."
Sarah frowned, worrying her lip as she embraced Laurel. She knew that Delia and Basil could be harsh, but she'd seen Laurel stand up to them before. She guessed it was worse than before. She sighed, knowing that Laurel would find the strength to face them again and not be driven out of the castle in tears by their hateful words. 
"Sarah?" Laurel asked, her voice was hesitant. ".if I want to leave the imperial city to travel... Do you think that's a wise choice?"
"Where are you going?" Sarah asked. "Will you ever come back?"
Laurel shook her head, "I don't know..."
Sarah gasped, a pang in her heart and she tightened her grip on Laurel as if she could keep her there. 
"B-But what am I going to do when you're gone? What about the work at the castle?"
Laurel sighed and pulled back from Sarah and began to pace the room. She didn't think about Adolph. Sarah was right. The work of the luna was important and if Adolph hadn't lied to her, perhaps he had intended to give her luna's work little by little. Whether Adolph loved her or not had nothing to do with the fact that he seemed to want her to be the luna. Delia was incapable of handling the work. There was no one else in the castle who could handle it, she knew that from her past life. 
If she just left, Adolph would be left to find a solution on his own and likely fail. The idea didn't sit right with her.
But why?
She huffed as anger began to build and she clenched her fists. 
"Why me?" she asked herself.
Why did it have to be her? In her past life, it had to be Laura. In this life, it had to be Laurel. Hadn't she done enough for the men of the Raymond family? For all that she'd done, how was she repaid? 
Basil was a cruel, spiteful jerk, and Adolph was a violent, ruthless, killer who had never once mistreated her.  
She groaned. What was she supposed to do?
Alice chuckled, *Be yourself.*
She looked to Sarah again who seemed unable to answer. 
"What do you think, Sarah? Am I fit to be luna?"
Sarah looked at her blankly. She didn't know how to answer that question. She couldn't even guess why Laurel would ask such a thing, but she deserved an honest answer. 
Sarah considered it, thinking of Laura before offering her a tense smile. 
"I do not know, Laurel." She sighed, "I used to think there was no one better suited to be luna than the late luna, Laura, but she wasn't happy... Every she-wolf wants to be luna, the mistress of the empire. They think it's a fairytale existence in which they won't have to do any work."
Sarah turned to the window thinking back to the long days of Laura seated at her desk looking over reports and running around the city to oversee her initiatives. 
"After serving the late luna, I know that to sit in that seat, you need to give much more than others... It's a lot harder than being a maid!"
Laurel chuckled a little. Sarah was right. She had worked much, much harder than anyone to try and be a competent luna. When she'd been Laura she had only been Basil's wife, a stand-in for his mother because Adolph wasn't married. As Laurel, she would be standing beside Adolph. 
It was a much bigger seat in this lifetime than it had been in the last. She didn't know if she really wanted to do it, or if she was just stepping up to take on the responsibility that had suddenly fallen on her shoulders. 
She supposed it wasn't much different than when she'd done it before except this time no one could force her to take that position, not even Adolph could force her. 
She had to choose it for herself. She looked out the window, heart full of turmoil. Could she do this? Could she face the ministers and the nobles again alone?
Her jaw trembled as she thought back on Adolph's confession. She wouldn't be alone this time. Adolph would be with her. 
Laurel slowly clenched her fist and made her decision.


###chapter 48: Eden’s Warning
Delia sat angrily on the couch in her room, seething at Basil's words.
*Just stay in your room, Delia,* he'd said looking nervous. *I don't want my father to punish you again.*
He said that, but was he so dumb not to realize that this was a punishment all by itself? What would Adolph do that was worse than this? 
She shuddered at the thought and turned away from the possibilities. She was Prince Basil's wife. She should be the most honored woman in the kingdom, yet that girl, Laurel, was managing the castle and was working out of Basil's mother's office?
She had never even seen that office. She'd only been able to use Basil's ex-wife's office and room, filled with her old stuff and covered in dust. 
The very thought of it made her sick. She'd gotten rid of Laura, yet the woman was still haunting her. She glanced at Tina as she puttered around, grumbling and preparing tea. Of all the people that Laurel had managed to get rid of, Delia was surprised that she hadn't gotten rid of Tina. 
Surprised, grateful, and a bit annoyed. She'd have to put up with the old woman for as long as it took to get into the position to get rid of her. She had been grateful that Tina had been delegated to the kitchen, but Basil took pity on his faithful old nanny and made her Delia's maid. 
She had pretended to be honored, but she wished Basil would have at least asked her before doing such a thing. She couldn't stand Tina, and the lazy old woman deserved to be doing hard labor. She'd have to figure out a way to keep Basil from ever doing anything like this again.
"I really can't figure out why the king likes Laurel so much," Delia said, knowing Tina would react. "Is that girl the king's mate?"
Tina whirled on her, baring her teeth in fury. 
"What are you saying? How could a country girl be the mate of the great king! How could the moon goddess make such a stupid arrangement!" Tina turned her nose up. "There is only one person the king loves: my late mistress, Luna Olivia!"
The declaration irritated Delia. Couldn't she say anything more useful? She kept her mouth shut. She was still trying to figure out the best way to drive a wedge between Basil and Tina and get her thrown out of the castle. Until then, she still needed Tina. 
That didn't stop her from mocking Tina in her mind. Tina was an idiot to think that a dead woman was still holding Adolph's heart. It didn't matter how close they'd been when she was alive or even how beautiful she had been. Even if they had a great love, a corpse was nothing compared to a lively young beautiful girl to a werewolf in his prime. 
It was just the nature of men! 
They were such easy creatures. A few sweet words, the appearance of submission, stroke their egos, smile with a pretty face, and tease them a little with a nice figure and any man would be charmed. The king was no exception.
Basil was wrapped her pinkie for a reason.
Adolph might be swayed by whatever charms Laurel had employed, but there was no denying that he was a different class of man than Basil. Basil was an idiot, easily led and controlled, but Adolph was a man who would not be controlled by even the most charming woman. He was attractive and powerful, but the terror he inspired had likely kept many women away. She didn't dare meet his gaze, swearing he would know every dirty secret and every secret thought she had if given the chance to gaze into her eyes. 
Fearsome as he was, Adolph was still just a man and Laurel had found a way to obtain his affections. 
"Stop thinking about that wretched girl," Tina said primly, pouring tea. "Laurel is not worthy of my mistress's office, but neither are you."
She looked at Delia, pursing her lips with a disparaging gaze, "You don't have even have as much experience as that girl Laura did. For now, you should focus on bearing Prince Basil and heir."
She turned as Delia cast a vicious glare at her. What would she know about running the kingdom? She had only ever been a troublesome head maid who barely did her job and took bribes from her subordinates. 
Laura was a dead idiot, and Olivia was just dead. 
"Oh, my mistress and the king" Tina said with a reverent tone. "If only she were still alive"
Delia rolled her eyes, tuning out Tina's musings about Olivia. She didn't have time to think about the dead. Laurel was the problem. 
Most importantly, Laurel's effect on Basil was the problem. 
Basil had not spoken his ex-wife's name since he drove her from the palace. Even after her body was found, he hadn't seemed to care, yet lately, he'd been mentioning her more and more, comparing Laurel to Laura at almost every chance. 
*She's just like Laura.* 
*She pisses me off just like Laura used to! I can't stand it!* 
It didn't bother her at first, but it was happening much more frequently. Even though Basil always acted like he hated Laura and Laurel, his expression had been one of guilt after driving Laurel out of the castle. 
She frowned in thought. Basil had been married to Laura for three years before Delia had arrived. Was it possible that Basil still had some feelings for Laura and they were just now starting to surface again?
Her heart clenched in fear. It wasn't possible. He was enthralled with Delia. He would always love her, she was sure of it unless he found out the truth. 
Delia stood and grabbed a cup of tea lifting it to her lips to drink trying to assuage some of her anxiety. He wouldn't find out that they weren't mates. How could he? Only she knew how she'd ensnared him and no one would care. She was careful to keep away from Adolph and his piercing gaze. It would be fine.
She huffed, pulling back as she realized that the teacup was empty and Tina was gone. 
She grabbed the teapot and poured herself a cup, grumbling to herself.
"Useless old woman. Can't even pour tea for her mistress!" She scoffed. "Just wait until you're no longer useful, Tina. You'll see."
A knock sounded on the door and the door opened without any announcement. Delia turned, glaring at the door. Who would have the audacity to just walk into her room? 
"I haven't permitted you to come in-" she gasped seeing the man standing in the doorway. She cleared her throat, set the teacup on the table, and straightened her clothing nervously. "Eden! What are you doing here?"
He stepped inside the door and closed it behind him. She always thought he was handsome, but his grey eyes looked at her with a disdainful indifference. She shivered with delight. He looked at other women differently but he rarely looked at any woman for long. 
Eden would always look at her. 
"You have not been improving your reputation in the castle," Eden said coldly. "Do you think you're meeting my standards this way?" 
Delia gasped, "How can that be? You must be mistaken..."
"Is that so?" He lifted an eyebrow at her. "I heard the servants saying that Laurel has become the new lady of the castle, taking on the duties of the luna."
She grit her teeth as he continued. His tone wasn't mocking, but every word made her angry she could barely enjoy being in his presence.
"She fired all the useless people and gave them very fair treatment." Eden tilted his head. "They seem excited to have her as a mistress. Would you like to know what they say of you, Delia?"
"Eden, they-" 
"*Lady Delia is just jealous,*" he said, pitching his voice high in an imitation of a maid. "*Whispering bad things in Prince Basil's ear and making things difficult for Miss Laurel.*"
Delia grit her teeth, her face burning with embarrassment as anger filled her heart. 
"*Miss Laurel is a much better luna candidate than Lady Delia.*"
"Who?" She hissed. "Who said such a thing? I'll throw her out of the castle-"
Eden narrowed his eyes, his face expressionless like a mask and Delia drew up short. Her anger vanished as she shivered and lowered her gaze. She knew that Eden didn't care much about excuses and wouldn't tolerate it. He expected her to carry out the mission and that was all.
If she wanted more recognition from him, she would have to accomplish the goal to his standards.
"I'm sorry..."
"I don't want or need you to apologize." He turned and grabbed the door handle. "Just remember what your mission is and succeed."
He opened the door and left, closing the door behind him with a soft click. 


###chapter 49: Final Decision
When Laurel left the inn around lunchtime, she noticed Eden was not among the diners. She wondered where Eden had gone. She wanted to tell Eden of her decision, but since Eden was not there, she decided to go to the castle first to find Adolph.
Sarah walked beside her to the castle. They stopped in front of the castle gates. 
"I can go by myself."
Sarah frowned, but nodded, leaving her side. Laurel faced the gates alone and walked across the lawn. She had to do this alone and carry the weight of her decision by herself. The guards of the castle smiled at her and gave her a little nod of recognition. 
She walked through the corridors of the castle, taking in the tapestries and the stained glass windows. She'd lived in the palace for three years and had walked every inch of the castle, she was sure. Every inch had some memory hidden in them. A lot of them were painful, but the castle had been her home. It was her home now and there was nowhere she could go if she left here. 
Laura had fled the castle with that knowledge. Now, as Laurel, she was returning with the same realization. 
For centuries, the royal family, the Raymond family, ruled the werewolf kingdom from this castle. It was a symbol of power and a symbol of this kingdom.
She had seriously considered Eden's offer. She would have been happy to travel the world and deal with all sorts of people, but she didn't feel like she wanted to live that way for long. She was a werewolf. There were many people in the kingdom she cared about. She couldn't just leave and never come back. It felt irresponsible and treacherous. 
She'd decided to face luna's duty, but not the way that Laura had faced it. 
It had been a difficult decision to make. Thinking back to how much she'd relished being free of the luna's duties and the pressures of the position, it seemed insane to think that she was choosing to go back to it.
In some ways, becoming luna as Laurel would be harder than becoming luna as Laura had been. She was only seventeen. There would be skepticism and resistance, disrespect, questions, and sneering that she hadn't faced as Laura. A country girl with no status? At least Laura had been the daughter of the betas of a pack. Laurel's father had been a soldier who had fallen in battle. 
It was crazy, but thinking back she had never committed to escaping the roll of the luna. Since they'd met, she'd been accepting the jobs that Adolph gave her, the same jobs that would lead her to take the position of luna. 
More than just accepting the jobs, she'd loved the work. They had been a part of her life as Laura and she'd made them a part of her life as Laurel in much the same way, considering the needs of the kingdom's people before her needs. 
She thought like a luna. She acted like a luna. It was time to accept that it was just a part of who she was now, embrace it, and do her best to be true to who she was. 
It wasn't a decision she would have made if Adolph, like Basil, had been disdainful and negligent towards her. If she hadn't had Sarah, Sam, Lynn, and Lily, and everyone else who acknowledge her work as having value, she wouldn't have decided to stay. She knew what little reward there was in doing her best with no one to affirm her worth. 
She didn't want to disappoint the people in her life who believed in her even when she didn't. 
She was sure of all of this, yet a part of her hesitated. 
Adolph was the king and her mate. She could work as luna, but how could she protect her heart from becoming any more attached to Adolph? How could she work alongside him with his late wife still haunting her, like a thorn in her chest? She wasn't sure if Adolph was telling the truth, but Adolph didn't seem to want to talk about her. As long as they couldn't talk about it, Laurel couldn't accept Adolph.
She had to talk to him again. She could accept the duty of being a luna. She could work for Adolph and give everything to the werewolf kingdom just as she'd done as Laura, but she wouldn't give her heart to a man who couldn't love her. She loved Adolph. He was her mate, but that didn't mean she had to give her heart to him the way she'd given it to Basil. 
For the first time, Alice did not object. She seemed to agree, settling easily in her chest. 
*It's good that you have decided to control your future.*
Laurel smiled, glad that they agreed. 
She entered the corridor that led up to Adolph's office when she heard a woman crying. She saw a maid slumped against the wall, crying softly to herself. Her face was bruised and her clothes were mussed. She looked as though she had been attacked. 
"What happened?" Laurel asked the young woman. 
She sniffled, "M-Miss Laurel"
"Who did this to you?"
Something tumbled and crashed in the distance and Laurel turned towards the sound. It seemed to be coming from the gardens. 
"Lady Delia, please!"
Delia? Laurel frowned. She knew the woman was rude and impulsive, but it wasn't normal for her to be raging against the maids. What was going on?
"Answer me!" Delia shrieked. "Wretched girl!"
Laurel turned back to look out the open door. Delia grabbed a maid, shaking her roughly and yelling at her. 
"I don't know!" The woman cried and Delia struck the maid across the face, making her fall to the ground. The others gasped and jumped back in terror. 
Delia growled and whirled on them, "What are the rest of you looking at? Was it one of you? Huh? Answer me!"
Laurel rushed out of the back door towards her.

*******
After Eden left her chamber, Delia left her chambers to find the wretched maid who had said such things about her. Eden's cool derision and rebuke had burned her. She was doing everything according to the plan. Who cared if no one in the castle liked her? She was luna and as soon as she got rid of Laurel, she'd kick all of the people who opposed her out! She didn't care about Basil's request. He'd get over it, and Adolph wouldn't do anything to her for interrogating the maids. When she was done, none of them would be able to even think her name without trembling in fear. 
"Lady Delia."
She frozed, straining to listen.
"In her room by order of the prince. Probably for talking about Miss Laurel the way she does."
"You-" Delia marched around the corner to see the two maids standing in the hallway. They looked at her with wide, shocked eyes.
"L-Lady Delia, what-"
Delia grabbed the nearest one and slammed her against the wall. The serving tray in her hands fell and the teacups tumbled to the ground, breaking with a soft crash. 
"You think you can just talk about me however you like, you wretched servant?" She jerked her up. "What else have you been saying about me? Who else talks about me like this?"
"I-I don't know what you mean-"
Delia struck her across the face, "Don't lie to me!"
She turned on the other maid who dropped the bag she was carrying and backed in terror from Delia. 
"You!"
The woman cowered against the wall screaming that she didn't know anything. She kicked the woman out of the way and continued down the hall until she reached the gardens. She recognized a few of the maids as those that had worked under Laura before she died. If there was anyone who would have said something like that it was one of them. 
The thought of being compared to that stupid woman infuriated her. What was worse was the thought of being compared to Laurel, a stupid seventeen-year-old from the country.  
"Lady Delia, I-"
She snatched the nearest maid by her gown and threw her to the ground, "You'll pay for saying such things about me, you wretched girl! Who do you think you are?"
Someone grabbed her wrist and pulled her around. 
"Unhand me! How dare you touch the wife of the prince!" Delia screamed, pulling away from the person until she could see them. 
It was Laurel. 
"What are you doing?" Laurel asked, calmly. 
How dare this whore question her in her castle! Delia growled at her and bared her teeth in a hateful sneer. "Why are you here?" Delia asked, her eyes shifting as she seethed. "How dare you come back! Who do you think you are?"
First, there had been Laura in her way. Now, there was Laurel. The little bitch had the nerve to look so much like that woman. It was probably why Basil seemed so swayed when dealing with her. The little witch already had her claws in Adolph, now she was undoing all of Delia's hard work. 
She wouldn't be pulled from this mission. 
She wouldn't disappoint Eden because of this little wench!
Laurel frowned seeing Delia. She glanced at the maids as they cowered before looking back at Delia. Something was off about her. She seemed fearful and furious, lashing out at anyone nearby. 
"Why shouldn't I be here?" Laurel asked calmly. "The king has put me in charge of the castle, and these maids are under my command. Why are you hitting her?"
"I'll hit her if want to!" Delia screeched. "I am the luna of the kingdom! Do I need to give you a reason to do something?"
Laurel couldn't even reply before Delia had struck her across the face.


###chapter 50: Say Yes
Laurel blinked, shocked as she covered her sore cheek. She turned her head and looked at Delia. Something was wrong with her, but she didn't care to figure it out.
The maid behind Delia was shocked. Her voice trembling with panic, "Miss Laurel, are you okay?"
Laurel used to think that Delia was just a pretty woman whose only desire was to please Basil. She was a simpering woman who enjoyed her station. Since returning, she'd learned she was more like Basil than she had ever thought possible: selfish, vain, self-important, and willful. She never thought they deserved each other more than right now. 
She had never expected Delia to have the nerve to hit her either. It was such an impolite thing to do. The thought that such a woman was Basil's mate made her feel sick mostly because she used to love him. 
If mates were supposed to be reflections of each other, for better or worse, she had loved the selfish vanity and willfulness in Basil at one point. 
She didn't think she could hate him more than at this moment.
Laurel heard the other maids who were working in the garden, but no one dared to speak in front of them. She clenched her fist and met Delia's gaze. She wouldn't let this willful, immature brat get the better of her today. 
For all of her screaming and anger, Delia would never have what it took to be luna, but Laurel did.
"What are you doing?" Laurel asked calmly, her face still stinging.
"I'm teaching a disobedient servant a lesson! You always fail to recognize your place." Delia growled, baring her teeth. "Tina has taught you a lesson, so did Basil, but you are still so insolent. Do you think you can do whatever you want in this castle just because you've won the king's affection?"
Laurel was shaking with anger. She bared her teeth, furious as she pulled back and struck Delia across the face as hard as she could manage. Delia stumbled from the force of the blow. 
The maids gasped again, but no one moved as Delia lifted her face, a brighter red than Laurel was sure her face was turning.
"How dare you!" Delia screamed and lunged for her. 
Laurel struck her on the other side of her face, stunning her into silence.
"You hit me," Laurel said. "Why did you think I wouldn't hit you back?"
Delia's eyes turned red with anger and she pointed at Laurel, "Throw this wretch out of my castle, right now!"
Laurel didn't flinch. The memories of Laura's death had no bearing on her now. She wasn't afraid of Delia. She wasn't afraid of anyone without real power. She stared at Delia patiently as she seethed and cast her gaze around. 
"Did you hear me? I said drag her out!"
The maids bowed their heads but did not act. Delia huffed and seethed. Her pretty face had turned into something grotesque and evil. She screamed before kicking one of the maids to the ground. 
"How dare you disobey me!"
The woman cried out in pain as she fell to the ground. Laurel stepped between them and glared at Delia. She shrieked in Laurel's face every time she jumped between Delia and another maid, seething. 
Delia wanted to hit her again, but knowing that Laurel would only hit her back would do nothing for her. If it got too out of hand, Laurel would tell Adolph. Delia shuddered at the thought of dealing with Adolph again. Even if she didn't, all of this would get around the castle quickly and Eden would hear more about this and probably come to rebuke her again. 
Delia growled at her, "How dare you get in my way, you filthy whore!"
A maid nearby gasped in horror.
"That's enough," Laurel said, her voice still calm. "You're being childish." 
"Everyone-Every single one of you, treats me like this!" Delia screamed, casting her gaze across the group of maids and Laurel. "I'll tell Basil to throw you all out of the castle!"
Laurel scoffed drawing Delia's wide-eyed gaze, "You dare-"
"Lily and I are the ones who run the castle now," Laurel said indifferently. 
Basil was a prince, but she had been placed by the king. If she had taken this stance weeks ago, her time in the palace likely would have been much easier. She wouldn't be allowing them to make her feel as though her place in the palace was beneath them ever again. 
"You're just-"
"And I won't fire a maid who hasn't done anything wrong," Laurel continued. "Go about your business and leave them alone if they have done no wrong."
Delia stared at her viciously, her hand twitching as if she wanted to lung at her again. Laurel directed the maids to look after the maid who had been assaulted and take her into the castle before returning to their duties. 
They cast wide-eyed gazes at Delia as they went back into the palace.
"Look at you," Delia hissed. "Look at that smug look on your face! What are you? A soldier's daughter? It's an honor to be the king's mistress, flaunting your whore status all day!"
Laurel frowned at her before smoothing her expression again. She wanted to retort, but she had nothing to say in her defense. From the outside, she was just a woman of low status who had been entrusted with an important task without reasoning. She didn't have any well-known credentials. No one in the Imperial City had even heard of her pack, yet she was acting as the luna. It didn't matter that she was good at it. Anyone would conclude that she was Adolph's mistress.
She wanted to say that she was Adolph's mate and that Adolph had just sworn to love her, but she knew that no one would believe her. Delia would just ridicule her and twist her words. Their relationship, as it was and could be, didn't deserve her scorn or viciousness. 
She didn't have a proper identity in this castle yet, but that would change soon enough.
Delia's eyes brightened and she lifted her chin with a laugh, taking her silence as an admission. At least the girl knew not to argue with her on that front, no matter how haughty she acted. Delia leaped on the chance.
She laughed loud and arrogant, "See! You are nothing! But me? I am the wife of the prince and heir. I am the real luna of this kingdom! And you? The king will throw you out as soon as he gets tired of you! Your days are numbered."
Laurel growled at her. Her fury shook the air and made Delia stumble back. She jabbed her finger at Delia as she sneered.
"Remember those words," Laurel hissed with menace. "Remember it so you can regret it properly!" 
She turned from Delia and marched into the castle. Delia frowned watching her go. There was a dreadful feeling in her gut as she watched Laurel go rising from beneath her anger. 
What would Eden think of this? Would he hear about it?

******
Laurel walked through the open doors at a fearsome pace, cutting through the corridor like a storm. 
A maid's voice simpered from around the corner, "T-This way, Your Highness." 
Basil and one of the garden maids rounded the corner as she headed towards the stairs that led up to Adolph's office. Basil saw her and glared at her as the maid stepped back. Laurel took stock of the woman to deal with later as she turned towards the stairs, intent on ignoring Basil.
Basil stepped in front of the stairs and glared at her.
"Get out of my way," Laurel growled.
"What are you doing here? You bullied Tina, and you bullied my wife-"
Laurel shoved him out of her way as hard as she could manage. He cried out and tumbled to the ground before running into the wall. She didn't stop to look at the pathetic sight of him slumped on the floor. The maid gasped and jumped back in terror, covering her mouth. 
"You bitch!" Basil yelled after her, scrambling to get onto his feet, but Laurel headed up the stairs, taking the stairs two at a time to get to Adolph's level. 
She passed her office and the maid that bowed and murmured a greeting. The door was closed, but she opened it without hesitation, furious and huffing. Adolph looked up from the papers on his desk as she slammed it closed behind her.
"Laurel?"
He expected Chasel or someone else to announce an attack of some sort, seeing Laurel there with a slowly blossoming bruise on her chest and eyes alight with anger was surprising. 
She crossed the room and leaned over his desk, "Marry me, Adolph Raymond!"
Adolph blinked at her, stunned. A little jolt of happiness went through him as he started to process her words. 
"What?"
She growled and Adolph felt the air shake as she slammed her hands on his desk. 
"How dare you make me repeat myself? Say yes, or I'll leave the Imperial City and never come back!"
"Yes!" Adolph cried, grabbing her hand. "Yes. Yes, damn it. I want to marry you, and I want to marry you now!"



###chapter 51: Basil’s Questions

After Laurel rushed upstairs, Basil stood, straightened his clothes, dusted himself off, and went to find Delia. Upon seeing him, she ran to him with glimmering wet eyes. 
"That woman!" Delia cried. "That evil woman is bullying me just because she had the favor of the king."
She sniffled and Basil grit his teeth.
"I promise. I'll talk to my father. She can't just terrorize you even if my father gave her the position. It's not right anyway! You're my wife, not Laura. She's-"
Delia pulled away from him sharply. Her cheeks flushed and her jaw trembled, "You called her Laura." 
"What?" Basil frowned, thinking back to the conversation. He shook his head, "No, I didn't-"
"Yes, you did!" 
"Well-"
"You've been talking about Laura a lot lately like she's still alive," Delia sniffled. "Like Laurel makes you think of her."
Basil frowned, thinking about it. They did have very similar features. Laurel was younger, but she had some of the same mannerisms and a way of carrying herself, but what did that matter? 
"They're very similar, but-"
"It's more than that!" Delia huffed. "Lately, it's been Laura this. Laura that. Laura. Laura. Laura!"
Delia shuddered as she thought about Eden. He had been so calm, but she knew better than to be fooled by him. He was dangerous. He would kill her just as soon as she proved unable to fulfill the task. She couldn't have Basil slipping away from her so quickly. They hadn't been married long enough for her to prove herself useful to the plan!
She had to know the truth of how Basil felt, so she could use it against him. 
Basil flinched as she let out a broken sob, "Delia, please. Don't cry. I just wasn't thinking. I'm sorry."
"No," Delia shook her head, turning from him, feigning hurt. "Don't just apologize to try and make me feel better. Be honest! You still have feelings for that woman!"
"What?" Basil stared at her blankly. "I I've never had feelings for Laura."
"Liar!" Delia hissed. "You were married to her for three years! You couldn't have stayed married to her that long without feeling something!"
Basil shook his head, "Hold on.  Just let me explain"
She sniffled looking up at him. Delia took note of his troubled expression and hope that whatever would come out of his mouth would ease the sense of terror and failure that was filling her. Laura had been pretty, but she hadn't used her looks to her advantage. Otherwise, Delia would have never stood a chance, but doubt gnawed at her. 
"I only married Laura because I needed someone to take on the duties of the luna. She was never worthy of the title. She was always arguing with me. She didn't listen to anything I said, and she went around me all the time like she was born a royal"
Delia blinked at him as if he seemed to lose himself in his memories. He sneered a bit as he spoke, but his eyes didn't match his expression.
"All she did was piss me off from the day we'd gotten married," Basil said, shaking his head. He paused and murmured something that Delia couldn't hear, but she didn't need to hear it see the way his expression changed. His eyes turned soft, his expression seemed almost wistful and longing. 
A pang of distress went through her. What was he thinking of? Had she pushed this too far and made him start thinking of Laura in a romantic light? She wanted to change the conversations, but he started talking again.
"Maybe if things had been different, I wouldn't have kicked her out of the castle the way I did, but you two would have never gotten along." He scoffed, "Laura was so arrogant. She would have never tried to get along with you."
Delia's eyes bulged as she stared at him, listening to him go on. She couldn't believe what she was hearing. Did he not realize that he seemed more concerned about Laura's feelings than hers? 
"She was nothing like my mother who simply did as she was told" His expression became filled with longing as she looked up. "My mother knew her place, but Laura was so determined to do things her way. Father said that the orchard was a great help to him, but she should have just let me present it instead of trying to make it known that it was her idea"
Delia clenched her fists. Her jaw drew tight and her eyes burned with tears. She knew he was a fool, like all men, but she hadn't realized just how much of a fool he was. She felt just as foolish for leading him into this conversation. She'd have to work harder on controlling him. 
"And Laurel," he scoffed. "She's just as arrogant as Laura, but" 
Basil shook his head with a little murmur. He wasn't sure what to say about Laurel other than they were so similar it was haunting. He looked at Delia and froze. She looked furious. Her tears had dried up as she stared at him. Had he been talking about Laura and Laurel all that time? 
His face burned in embarrassment. It wasn't his fault, exactly. He'd known her for three years. 
"All that to say is that Laura is gone and she was a pain. Laurel is a nuisance just like she was. That's all." Basil cleared his throat, "You're my wife, my mate, Delia, and there's no one I love more than you. I don't have feelings for Laura. I promise."
Delia's jaw trembled. She was stiff, but she allowed him to pull her into his arms and stroke her hair to comfort her. His wolf scoffed, disinterested in Delia's distress or the conversation at all. 
He seemed to be pondering Laura a bit, bringing her furious green eyes back from his memories and blurring them with Laurel's crying face. His heart seized with panic. 
He had spent three years married to Laura, arguing with her, being annoyed with her, and he had been so sure that it had been three years of resentment, but the more he thought about it, the less certain he was. His wolf seemed to be rethinking that notion.
*Why don't you ever think beyond the obvious? Laurel had screamed at him. You listen to the people who make you feel important around you and blame others when things don't go well!*
She had sounded so much like Laura during one of the first arguments they'd ever had. She'd sent back the tribute from the Golden River Pack and issued a formal decree against it without even consulting him. He remembered being furious about it as he was expecting the new silks for a new suit. He'd stormed to her office after his grandfather told him about it.
*"What do you think you're doing?" Basil hissed at her. She flinched, her eyes wide and wary. "You have a lot of nerve issuing any sort of decree when you're just a low-born girl!"*
*"But it's bribery..." Laura said, looking genuinely confused.* 
*"It's not bribery! It's tribute!"* 
*She frowned looking up at him, "Your Highness did you not think about why they were sending so much every month?"*
*"It's a royal's due to receive as much tribute as can be given." He glared at her, "I don't expect you to understand it."*
Thinking back on it, something in her eyes had changed then. She no longer looked at him with shining eyes full of awe and love. Day by day, the light that had been in her eyes at their wedding dimmed until her green eyes had seemed dull. 
*Did you not think about why?* 
It was a question she asked a lot in the beginning. Then, she just stopped asking as the light in her eyes kept fading. 
"Delia," he started. "What made you come out of your room?"
Delia pushed back, glaring up at him, "What does that matter? What did you hear? Are you going to believe whatever those servants told you over me now?"
"No," he hurried to say, shaking his head. "No. I was just wondering if something had been bothering you or if you needed anything."
Delia seemed calmed by the words, but Basil only felt more uncomfortable. 

********
Laurel swallowed, feeling a bit silly now as Adolph opened his drawers and drew her around to his side of the desk to hold her close. 
He picked a small velvet box up and opened it to reveal a lovely golden band with a large ruby set among a gold filigree of azalea flowers. The ring looked more expensive than anything Laura had ever seen.
"I've had it picked out for months," he confessed almost breathless as he offered her his hand. She placed her hand in his with trembling fingers as he kneeled. 
"B-But"
Adolph smiled up at her, hushing her with a little hiss of air, "Humor me."
She tried very hard not to be swept up by the romance of gesture as he slid the ring onto her finger and kissed her hand. 
"I promise to make you happy," Adolph said. "You'll never wish for anything."
Laurel's heart clenched because he was wrong. He stood and pulled her close cupping her jaw. He was so wrong, but she couldn't speak.
There was a question in his eyes. His gaze dropped to her lips before returning to her eyes. She swallowed thickly as he came closer. Their lips brushed and Laurel closed her eyes.
He pressed their lips together and Laurel wished she could have the bliss rushing through her forever. 

###chapter 52: Marked
Adolph hadn't known what kissing Laurel would do to him. Heat rushed through him, the need to mark her was near overwhelming, but he restrained himself, pulling back before he got lost in her scent. 
"I don't want to mark you with the door open."
Laurel gasped, her eyes widened as she pulled away from him. Her face was bright red. He almost winced at his words. That probably wasn't the best thing to say, but he meant it.
"We should close the door then."
Adolph's heart leaped looking down at Laurel who couldn't meet his gaze. 
"What?"
She huffed and glared up at him, "If I have to repeat myself, I'm leaving!"
Adolph moved before he had fully realized what she'd said, dashing around the desk to close and lock the door as if she would find a way to escape. His wolf was growling, urging him to hurry up, but he looked at her. 
She was nervous, he expected her to be, but she wasn't afraid. Laurel stared at him across the room, watching him as he approached her slowly. She let out a little squeak of surprise as he cupped her face and kept a firm grip on his control. His wolf was howling, pushing at him. 
"It won't hurt much," Adolph said stiffly, his voice seemed rougher than he intended and his heart was racing. Her eyes widened, seemingly shocked at his tone. "Just relax, okay?"
Laurel nodded her head and closed her eyes. Her trust in him shook something in him. The sight of his hands, the same that had killed hundreds if not thousands, cupping her delicate face seemed so wrong. 
*Mark her*, his wolf urged. *Hurry up!*
Carefully, he lowered his head, nuzzling her a bit and taking in her sweet scent before dragging his teeth against her neck. She trembled. Her hands shot up to grip the fabric of his shirt as he pressed her against him. 
In a flash of movement, he sunk his teeth into her shoulder. The ripple of pleasure made him shudder and pull her closer as their bond formed. He felt almost dizzy with want and primal need. He lifted her onto his desk with a groan and rolled his hips against hers.
Laurel cried out. Her eyes fluttered. The pain was sharp, but quickly, overtaken by the rush of pleasure that made her toes curl as she moaned. Alice howled as Adolph drew back, licking the mark. The rasp of his tongue made her shiver. He growled and pressed a kiss against her neck and kissed his way up her neck until he reached her mouth. 
The kiss was nothing like the sweet little kiss they'd shared earlier. She felt his wolf howling and reaching for her, his need washed over her as he pinned her to the desk and groaned. 
She moaned as he ground their hips together and took her mouth with such a possessive passion that she was breathless. 
"Y-Your Majesty," she gasped, turning her head to try and breathe. 
He grunted against her neck, shuddering and holding himself still.
"Yes," he rasped. "I I didn't"
"I I don't think," Laurel stammered. "I-I think we should"
Adolph pulled back. His face flushed as he looked down at her. His eyes were near glowing with his desire. She could barely breathe and the air seemed to sing between them. 
When Basil had marked her, she had barely felt anything. She hadn't known that it could feel like that. His chest heaved as he forced himself to breathe. His erection was pressed against her, making it impossible to ignore how much it had affected him. 
She covered her face, "I'm not ready!"
Adolph closed his eyes, taking a calming breath before leaning over to press a kiss to her forehead. His wolf had never felt so calm though he was anything but. 
He withdrew from her slowly and backed away. 
"I understand," Adolph said roughly.
Laurel sat up slowly and slid off the desk. He offered her his hand. 
"Let me escort you back to your office?" Adolph said, though he wanted to escort her to his bed. 
She nodded stiffly and placed her hand in his. He shuddered at the zing of pleasure that went through him as they touched and escorted her to her office next door. She slipped inside with a little murmur of goodbye and Adolph leaned against the door trying to gain control of himself. 
On the other side of the door, Laurel sunk to the floor with her back pressed against the door. Her heart pounded in her chest and her head was spinning. 
Marked, she thought. She couldn't help but smile even as her eyes burned. He'd marked her as his mate. 
The ring on her finger meant they would be married. 
It wasn't his love exactly, but it was enough for now. 

*******
Laurel didn't see Adolph again for the rest of the day. She wasn't sure if she appreciated it or not. Alice didn't seem to care either way, reveling in their bond. She could feel him still in the castle. She could even tell, roughly, how far away he was. 
She knew that he'd walked past her bedroom after she'd retired for the evening too. Alice had nearly dragged her from bed to see him. 
In the morning, Sarah was glowing with excitement. 
"His Majesty has invited you for breakfast in the garden!" Sarah squealed, gesturing to a large box. "He sent this for you. Up! Up! Up!"
Laurel chuckled, sitting up as Sarah bounded around the room getting things together. She stopped, nearly tripping over her gown, as her eyes locked on the mark on Laurel's shoulder. She blinked, blinked, and blinked again before rushing over to her with a squeal. 
"Oh, congratulations!" Sarah cried, throwing her arms around Laurel's shoulders. 
Laurel sighed and hugged her back, "Thanks."
Sarah pulled away, "I'll have to do your hair extra fancy today!"
Laurel laughed and let Sarah do as she pleased. The curls were familiar, reminiscent of a style she'd worn for events as Laura with something different about the arrangement. She liked it. It looked royal and fitting of the future wife of a king. 
Sam and Lynn grinned at her but said nothing as they escorted her to the garden's gates where Adolph waited in casual clothes and a sword on his belt. 
He looked young and charming with his hair blowing in the breeze, like a young knight coming to see his love. He smiled at her, his eyes lit up and he walked towards her to take her hand gently. 
"Good Morning, Laurel," he said as she trembled at the rush of emotion his touch brought her. Her heart was singing. 
"Shall we?" Adolph asked, gesturing ahead of them. 
Chasel was nearby holding a large basket and grinning. Lily smiled warmly at them holding a large blanket in her arms. Adolph took the basket with a nod. 
Chasel bowed and hurried off. Lily gave the blanket to Laurel and hurried off after her cousin with a little giggle. 
Laurel wondered what they knew that she didn't, but she walked arm in arm with Adolph into the garden. When she was Laura, she had only seen the very outer sections of the garden, though she was responsible for making sure the entire garden was kept in pristine condition. 
From some of the rooms of the castle, she could see into the garden. They walked beyond the outer hedges and the second layer and her heart trembled. 
They passed a large stone archway and approached a golden gate that gleamed in the sunlight. Around it, red roses bloomed on the outer wall. 
Roses. She winced a bit. This place had probably been Olivia's favorite part of the garden. Maybe it was her garden. She didn't remember if the luna ever had a garden for herself. It hadn't mattered to Laura since she had the orchard to look after.
"Where are we going?" Laurel asked.
"Into the Raymond sanctuary," he said softly. "Do you know what that is?"
She shook her head. She'd heard of it in passing by Basil as a place she would never be worthy enough to go. 
"It's the innermost section of the royal garden." Adolph said, "Very few have ever been inside, and it's kept by only the Imperial Gardener."
"Why?" Laurel asked as he pulled a key from his pocket. 
"It's also called the Heart of the Kingdom." He unlocked the gate and opened it. 
Laurel gasped as he led her inside. No roses grew there. In their place, white lunar flowers with almost silver petals and lush red azaleas decorated the area. The pond was clear and connected to a river that flowed into the distance. 
Adolph led her to the center of the garden after closing the gate behind them. 
"Why did you bring me here?"
He smiled, "Because every king shares breakfast with his mate here the morning after the marking."
He set the basket nearby, "It's about time I get a chance to enjoy the tradition."
What did that mean? She turned from that thought and didn't answer, spreading the blanket out so they could sit and share breakfast. 
He pulled her closer to him and seemed so happy to be there with her that she couldn't think of anything else but how happy she was there to be with him too.

###chapter 53: A Wedge
"I don't think I've ever seen His Majesty so happy." Basil frowned, recognizing the voice as Chasel's. "With any luck, I can get the Imperial Calligrapher to draft up the announcements by the end of the day."
"Best of luck, cousin. I have to hope the Imperial Tailor is up to the task! Decorating for another wedding so soon is going to be chaos!"
The two laughed and their footsteps faded. Another wedding? His father was getting married? To who? Worse than that, he'd told Chasel? What about him? He was his son, he should have been the first to know that his father was getting married!
He clenched his fist. He knew that Adolph trust Chasel above all others, but still. Whoever this woman was would be his stepmother. He had the right to know that his mother's place was being filled by some random woman he'd never met!
"I don't understand why he wouldn't have told me first!" Basil cried, pacing his parlor as Delia sipped tea on the couch. "I'm his heir! Who could he be marrying?"
He hadn't noticed his father with any of the courtiers. They would have been very vocal about it if he'd taken interest in any of them.
"I don't know," Delia said quietly, "But maybe"
He frowned and turned to her as she seemed to be thinking it over. He waited for her to say something when she shook her head. 
"Oh, no I don't think that's the reason."
"What?"
"Well," Delia said softly, hesitantly. "Maybe he just doesn't think you need to know."
"That doesn't make any sense." Basil huffed. "If they get married, then whoever she is will be my stepmother!"
Delia sipped, thinking it over. If they got married, it would only complicate her mission. She had to make sure that didn't happen and somehow break up Basil and Adolph's relationship. Basil trusted his father. He practically idolized him. There had to be something she could say or do to make a crack in Basil's faith in his father. 
She hid a smirk behind her teacup as an idea came to mind, seeing Basil's pathetic expression.
"He's already said that you were useless," Delia said, calling up tears. "He was so mean to you. It's not your fault that the food was tampered with."
"It wasn't."
"And he doesn't like me"
"No," Basil shook his head. "He just doesn't know you is all. Just give him some time."
"He likes Laura," she sniffled. "You said as much. He thought she was smart and he'd never even met her!"
Basil scoffed, "He would think differently if he met her! Really. He'll learn to like you"
Basil said it, but he wasn't convinced of that. His father was usually very sure about his views on people. 
"Well, maybe you should ask him why he hasn't told you," Delia suggested.
He winced at the thought of asking his father about it, but he took her words to heart. Adolph seemed rather disappointed in the decisions Basil had been making, but this was different. This affected him directly. 
What about his mother's memory? How could he just disrespect her memory by replacing her with some random woman? 
Did the ministers know already? If his father had told them before he'd told Basil, he didn't know how he would feel about that. Sure, it's a political issue, but it's a family issue too. Didn't he care about Basil's feelings? 
Delia watched the turmoil roll across Basil's face and smirked, setting her teacup aside to lean into his side. 
"Don't worry so much," Delia said softly, squeezing his arm tightly. "Maybe it's just a misunderstanding? Maybe his new wife didn't want you to know."
Basil hummed, placing a hand on hers. He pressed a kiss to her temple before standing and excusing himself. 
"I'm going to go talk to my father."
"Okay. Should I wait here?"
Basil nodded, "Thank you, Delia."
"Of course. I love you."
He smiled a little, "I love you too."
Basil exited and Delia leaned back with a grin. She couldn't wait to hear what Adolph had to say about it and who he was marrying. She had a feeling it was Laurel, but it was best to be sure. She'd have to figure out how to keep pushing them apart based on what happened. In the meantime, did Eden know that Adolph was getting married? Whoever Adolph was marrying was dangerous. More dangerous than Laura had been because Adolph trusted her. 

*******
Basil walked down the corridor, heading up to his father's office, and stopped in front of the door. He hesitated to knock, his stomach turning with anxiety. He turned away and began to pace, trying to figure out what he would say and working up the courage to do so. 
His father was terrifying. Sure, he knew that Adolph probably wouldn't hurt him, but he didn't know how to interact with the man either. He grew up hearing stories of Adolph more than ever interacting with the man. 
His grandfather told him that Adolph was a great warrior and a faithful husband, but not much more than that. 
"Basil?"
Basil spun around, staring wide-eyed as Adolph came up the stairs with Laurel on his arm. His hair was windswept and the two of them looked so happy standing together. Had he looked that happy with his mother? Had Adolph ever looked so happy? Laurel looked up at his father with the most gentle expression. She looked like Laura had the day they married: a young girl in love.
"Father, I" Basil cleared his throat. "I wanted to speak with you Privately."
Adolph smiled and Basil was stunned. He didn't remember if his father had ever smiled at him. 
"Good. I was hoping to speak with you before the noble assembly."
He walked Laurel to the door of the luna's office, opened the door for her, kissed her hand, and ushered her in. She flushed, ducking her head and hurrying inside before closing the door softly behind her. Basil watched trying to reconcile the cold, condescending young woman he experienced with the sweet innocent girl flushing at her lover's show of affection. 
It didn't make any sense.
Adolph smirked and threw an arm around Basil's shoulder in an oddly casual show of affection that left Basil off balance as they entered his office and closed the door. 
"What did you want to talk to me about?" Adolph asked. 
Basil shook his head, "Go ahead and go first, father."
Adolph eyed him suspiciously but nodded, "Laurel and I are getting married."
Basil blinked, "What?"
A large part of him reared up in anger, but it felt so muted by confusion. His father couldn't marry Laura.
*Laurel*, he corrected himsed. They were similar not the same. His father couldn't marry a seventeen-year-old girl from nowhere!
"I'm hoping for next month at the latest depending on how preparations go, but I wanted you to know before the assembly." Adolph clapped him on the shoulder as Basil blinked in shock. "I didn't want you to be surprised when I announced it. It affects you, after all. I know your wife doesn't much care for Laurel, but I expect you to be cordial, at the least, and have your wife behave accordingly"
Adolph went on, but Basil couldn't find the words to speak. Adolph did care about his feelings on the matter? Had he just gotten upset about not being told for nothing? His marriage partner was a much bigger issue!
"I think that's about it" Adolph hummed, rounding his desk. "So, what did you want to talk about?"
"Father you can't marry that girl!" Basil cried. "She's seventeen!"
Adolph chuckled, "Her age aside, are you now telling me what I can't do in my kingdom?"
Basil flinched, closing his mouth and turning stiffly. Fear went through him. It wasn't Adolph's tone that frightened him. He seemed amused, but Basil didn't want to chance it.
"I I've got to go."
He escaped hastily, almost running down the stairs until he found an empty corridor. He leaned against the wall with a deep sigh. 
What, in the name of the goddess, was happening?
"Your Highness, are you not feeling well?" 
He turned and sighed with relief seeing Tina there. Tina always had an answer. She'd known his mother and father for a long time. 
"Tina," Basil said coming closer to her. "Maybe you can help me."
"I live to serve the royal family," Tina said. 
"My father is getting married."
She paled, "Y-You must be mistaken, Prince Basil. Your father loves Luna Olivia. He would never-"
"He plans to announce it at the meeting, but I don't know what to make of the way he told me."
Tina flushed, "That *harlot!*"
Basil sighed as Tina started talking about his mother and shook his head. Tina would not be able to help him with this. 
The meeting went by quickly as Adolph took his seat, announced his wedding plans, and told the ministers to prepare the budget for the affair before leaving. Basil's head was still spinning when Gavin pulled him aside. 
"Did you know about this?" Gavin hissed. 
"Father told me this morning before the meeting," Basil asked. "I just"
Gavin turned from him, flushed and growling to himself. He stalked away leaving Basil bereft of an answer. He returned to his room and found Delia still there. 
"Is everything okay?" Delia asked as he sat. "What did he say?"
"He told me they're getting married," Basil said, looking at her. "He was planning to tell me before the meeting"
Delia's eyes widened and she paled, "W-Well what else did he say?"
"That's the thing," Basil said, relieved that she was willing to listen. "He said he knew it affected me and wanted to tell me about it. He said he didn't care that you didn't like her, but he expected me to be cordial He seemed happy to tell me."
He didn't think he was that happy either time he was preparing to get married. Adolph's entire body seemed to be overflowing with joy as if even his wolf was happy. 
"What do you think, Delia?" Basil asked. "Maybe I misjudged my father"
She stood, "I think I should return to my room."
Basil watched her go with a sigh, lounging across his couch and wondering why no one who he usually would have asked to help him figure something out didn't seem interested in helping him now.

------
Hi everyone, thanks for reading! Could you leave some comments if you like the work?😊
###chapter 54: Minister Mirabelle
Laurel sank into her seat, still giddy from the picnic. They had been out there for several hours that morning, enjoying each other's company until Adolph had to get back to finish up a few things before the ministry's meeting. 
She smiled looking at the bouquet on her desk. Adolph told her that he'd had it replaced. The sight of roses still stung a bit, but she thought back to the picnic and found herself able to carry on with her work. She had a bit of paperwork to review regarding the orphanage and she still hadn't gotten a chance to speak with Basil about the orchard. 
A knock sounded on her door. 
"Come in."
Gavin Mirabelle entered with a cold expression, sneering down at her. He wasn't a bad looking man for his age, but his malice and greed had disfigured even the color of his eyes in her mind. He was nothing but a greedy man, pulling his grandson's strings. As he walked in, he saw several other ministers standing outside Adolph's office. He closed the door behind him and she watched him warily. 
He crossed the room with smooth strides and took a seat without being prompted before staring at her. Laurel remembered a moment like this from her past life.  Gavin walked into her office like this all the time and stared at her until she was moved to speak. It had been uncomfortable then annoying until the very last time he'd done it. She wasn't going to cave this time. 
He had made her past life miserable. She wouldn't be giving him the satisfaction of doing it again. 
She ignored him, returning to her work in silence. He could sit across the table for the rest of the day for all she cared. 
"You really are a rude thing, are you not?"
"Is the person working rude or the person who sat without being invited ruder?" Laurel replied, scribbling a note on the budget of the hospital. She made another note about the food supply for the orphanage. 
"How dare you sit in my daughter's office and pretend to be worthy of the position?" Gavin hissed. "I don't know what you've done to the king, but you will call off this farce of a marriage immediately."
Laurel didn't glance at him, rearranging her papers. 
"Do you hear me, girl?" 
She looked up at him with the coldest glance she could manage. His eyes widened, staring at her. 
"Are you done, old man?" His jaw dropped open as she gave him a little smirk. "Or are you going to keep trying to distract me from my work?"
"You think you're clever," Gavin said. "Clever enough to win over the king, but it takes more than cleverness to sit in that seat, you know? You know how important I am? Grandfather to the prince and father-in-law to the king? I can make sure you never achieve much of anything."
Laurel met his gaze. It was a threat she'd heard before. How strange that he was using the same tactics against her when she, as Laurel, had a much stronger position than Laura had. Everyone knew Laura wasn't Basil's mate. Everyone knew that she had been, more or less, chosen by the ministers because of her parents and Basil's lack of interest. 
Adolph had chosen Laurel to take over the duties, to sit in this office, and to be his wife and luna.
Gavin smirked, "So what is it that I can offer you-"
"Nothing." She gave him a cold smile. "If you're done, *Gavin, I have things of true importance to attend.*"
He flinched at the words, feeling out of place and displaced in time. The words felt as though someone had struck him across the face and pulled him into a memory that was not his own. 
Green eyes had looked across his desk years ago from the face of a young woman with black hair. He remembered giving the owner of those eyes a cold and mocking smile. Had it been as cold as the smile he was receiving now? 
He'd said those words to Laura How could Laurel be saying the same words? Was it just a coincidence? It was eerie and infuriating. He stood and glared at her. 
"You will regret this."
Laurel laughed a little as he left the room and joined the others in the hallway. He knocked on Adolph's door and prepared himself. 
"Come in," Adolph said. 
He walked in, leading the group. 
Adolph looked up from his paperwork. On the corner of his desk was a stack of different invitations all written by the Imperial Calligrapher in different styles. There was one that looked just like the invitation to Adolph and Olivia's wedding among them, but the one on top was written in a font he had never seen before as if pulled from some ancient history book. 
"Your Majesty," Gavin greeted. 
"What brought you up here?" Adolph asked, looking at them. 
"Well, Your Majesty, you left so abruptly from the meeting-"
"It was an announcement. Not a meeting. Unless you've come to an agreement about the new nobility to be named, there is nothing to speak about."
"Your Majesty, surely you can see how we can't accept such a sudden declaration!" Gavin said. "You were married to my daughter and for all these years. Your devotion to-"
"Minister Mirabelle," Adolph said, his voice cold as he met his gaze. "You should be very careful about what you say next."
He swallowed and cleared his throat, "All I mean to say is that it is suspicious that you have decided to marry this young woman out of nowhere."
Adolph chuckled, "Oh? Was it suspicious that my son has married that immature woman a mere month after his wife of three years died?"
Gavin stammered but Adolph held up his hand. 
"Have you all reached an accord about the new nobles?"
"No, but-"
"Have you a drafted budget for my wedding to Laurel?"
"No, but-"
"Then we have nothing to talk about," Adolph said and waved them out. "Get out and do your job before I get a chance to replace you."
The ministers scurried out and Gavin followed, fuming a bit. The door to Laurel's office opened. She closed it behind her carrying a piece of parchment and barely glanced their way before hurrying down the stairs. 
Her long black hair whipped out of sight uncannily. Gavin shook that thought away and led the ministers down the stairs after her. 
"Oh, hello, Eden!" Laurel said, brightly. 
"Laurel," Eden said, his voice warm and friendly. Gavin smirked listening and hoping to hear something of use. 
Eden's tone seemed too casual for just acquaintances. 
"There's a rumor going around the castle"

******
Laurel gasped as Eden took her hand and narrowed his gaze at the ring on her hand. A few moments of silence passed as he stared at the ring. 
" not exactly a rumor then."
She smiled, shyly, taking her hand back and cradling her hand to her chest. 
"No not a rumor." His expression seemed troubled for a moment before a small smile broke across his face. 
"It seems as though you're happy about it," Eden said. "I'm glad you're smiling Best of luck."
"You'll still be in the city, won't you?"
His lips twitched, "OF course."
"Wonderful!" Laurel grinned and dropped her gaze. "I was on the way to the hospital. It's a bit urgent, and I'm sure you have things to take care of."
"Yes," Eden said nodding at her. "Have a good day, Laurel, and congratulations."
She smiled at him, relieved that he didn't seem offended that she'd made the decision and clearly wouldn't be leaving the kingdom with him. 
"Thank you, Eden."
Laurel left Eden and hurried out of the castle with Lynn escorting her to the hospital to meet with the heads of the hospital to go over the budget. She stopped off in town to buy something to snack on before returning to meet with Sarah and Lily about planning the wedding. 
For several days, Laurel woke up with a smile and ran around most of the day. Adolph often caught her during meal times, enticing her into sharing a meal with her or stopping by areas she was known to be with flowers and a smile. 
She wanted to be embarrassed about it, but she had decided to allow herself to enjoy his gestures without getting invested in them. 
"Miss Laurel," Lily sighed a little dreamily as they walked to the ballroom. "You should hear the things the servants are saying."
Laurel froze looking at her, "What do you mean?"
"Everyone's talking about your great romance with His Majesty," Sarah said with a giggle. "Someone got a glimpse of your mark the other day and it's been all anyone can talk about today."
Laurel frowned looking at Sarah, "Why is that?... Is it strange?"
She placed a protective hand to the mark and Sarah shook her head. 
"No! It's completely normal, especially with warriors to mark their mates in such a hard-to-hide place" Sarah flushed and cleared her throat, "The older servants, the ones that have been around since Prince Basil was born, are talking about it the most."
"Why?" Laurel asked, feeling her heart bracing for the agony of hearing about how Olivia's mark was in a more obvious place, like her neck instead of her shoulder, or some sort of scorn about the mark at all. 
"They're saying Luna Olivia was never marked."
Laurel gasped as she heard a shrill voice from behind her, "You vile wench!"
Laurel turned to see Tina coming through the doorway, flushed and heading toward Laurel as if she meant to kill her. 
"How dare you!"
###chapter 55: Just The Nanny
"Have you seen it?"
"Yeah, it's kind of hard to miss." One of the women giggled. "How romantic. Who knew the king was so possessive?"
Tina frowned, turning her head and straining to hear the rest of the conversation. 
"It makes you wonder how much is true and how much Tina made up just to seem important," the other one said. "I mean, Maria has been here since before Tina and she said that Luna Olivia was never marked."
Tina gasped, covering her mouth. It was impossible! There was no way that tramp had been marked by Adolph. Her mistress had languished about Adolph's unwillingness to mark her, bemoaning tradition and his sense of propriety. 
*He says it's about tradition, but I know better. She'd said. He just doesn't want to mar my perfect skin. He loves me so much. He's so gentle*
Tina had had her doubts about it then, but Olivia had been so in love and Adolph was obviously in love with her as well, so she hadn't thought about it too much. Tina had never been marked either, but she knew one thing was for sure: the urge to mark your mate was the true mark of your wolf's desire and love. No werewolf had found their mate could ever resist the urge to mark someone. 
Especially not a werewolf warrior who was notoriously close to his wolf.
 It was impossible!
"Well, if a servant reflects their master, I don't think we can believe much of anything about Luna Olivia," one of them said. "Tina's such a cruel person. I can only imagine how much worse her mistress was."
Tina flushed and turned. She'd deal with whoever they were later. Right now, she had to verify it for herself. There was no way that little wench could ever take her mistress' place. They were wrong. She asked a few maids where she would find Laurel and was pointed to the ballroom.
Tina burst through the doors of the ballroom full of fury. Laurel turned towards her and Tina froze, gasping in horror at the red mark on Laurel's neck, peeking from the neckline of her dress. She couldn't believe it. It had to be a mistake or someone else's mark!
 "You-" Tina gasped faintly. "You-You! My mistress-You can't!"
Laurel frowned at her, "What are you trying to say?"
"It's not right!" Tina screamed. "You did something, you little whore! There's no way His Majesty would mark you!"
There was no explanation for it. Adolph loved her mistress. It was why he never married after her death. Everyone knew how much they loved each other. She knew how much her mistress had loved Adolph, pining after him day after day while he was on the front line before and after they were married.
Laurel narrowed her eyes at her, "Tina, I don't care what you think."
"Just admit it!" Tina shrieked. "Some other werewolf has marked you! That man you left the castle with probably! The idea that a whore like you-"
Lynn growled, stepping between Laurel and Tina, "Watch your mouth when addressing Miss Laurel."
Tina growled at him, sneering up at him, "Let me guess, you marked her!"
Lily glared at her as Lynn stepped forward. 
"Stop," Laurel said, placing a hand on his shoulder. "It's okay."
Basil came in through the door with Delia. Delia turned bright red as Basil's jaw dropped open, staring at Laurel's shoulder. 
Tina let out a horrified shriek at the glint of gold on Laurel's hand. She recognized that ruby and the golden filigree from the painting in the hall of rulers. She remembered her mistress sighing at the portrait with longing, gazing at the lovely ring. 
If her mistress couldn't have that ring, not even in death, there was no way this wench could have it in life. Tina ran at her, grabbing her hand. 
"You thieving wench!"
"Get off of me!" Laurel cried, closing her fist as Tina grabbed her hand and tried to pull the ring off her hand.
"Release her!"
"Take it off, you wench!"
Laurel cried out as Tina bit her hand. She didn't open her hand but shoved her off, cradling her hand and rubbing it.
"What is wrong with you?" Laurel asked as Tina scrambled to her feet, about to run at her again. "You've lost your mind!"
"How did you get that ring, you thief!"
"What are you doing?" Adolph's voice rang out from the doorway. 
Tina whirled, "Your Majesty! This girl has been spreading vicious rumors about you marking her! She's stolen from you!"
Adolph walked in calmly with Chasel just behind him. He crossed the room to Laurel and took her hand, checking the bite mark on Laurel's hand. 
"Are you okay, love?" 
Tina drew in a sharp breath. 
Laurel nodded, "I'm fine."
Adolph nodded and looked at Tina, glaring at her.
"I've been meaning to speak to you, Tina," Adolph said coldly. Tina flinched away from him. His handsome features had turned dark and insidious in a flash. "Telling Laurel and anyone else who would listen all sorts of things you know aren't true."
He stepped forward and she fell to the ground, shielding her head and crying, "Your Majesty, I'm only-"
"Quiet, you vicious old woman!" Adolph snarled. "Apologize to my fiancée."
Tina drew up short, hiccupping, "But, Your Majesty-"
"You are only getting leniency because you are my son's childhood caretaker. Apologize before I change my mind!"
"I'm sorry!" Tina wailed, sobbing. Basil came over, kneeling and taking Tina into his arms. 
"Father, aren't you being a bit harsh?" Basil looked up at his father and shivered at the dark aura around him, looming over them like a grim reaper's scythe.
"Let a nanny bite your wife and see if I am being lenient."
Basil stammered, "That's different, father! You're not even married yet and Tina-"
"I remember reassigning her to the kitchen as you had no sense of your place," Adolph hissed.
"Tina's too old to work in the kitchen," Basil said. "I've made her Delia's maid."
Adolph scoffed, "Such leniency ends. You'll be working in the kitchen from here on."
"But father-"
"Shut your mouth!" Adolph hissed and Basil flinched, closing his mouth and staring up at his father. "You have a choice, Tina, and this is your last warning. Remain working in the kitchen until you no longer can, or pack your things and return to the Mirabelle estate."
Basil gasped as Tina let out another sob. 
"If you ever speak another word regarding Basil's mother to anyone in this castle, I will have you thrown out. Am I understood?" Tina sobbed but nodded tearfully before he looked at Basil. "And if you ever undermine my orders again, you will regret it."
Basil ducked his head, admonished before Adolph turned to Lily. She held still, keeping her pleasant smile intact. Adolph's expression eased, the darkness of his aura receded a bit as his fury cooled.
"Lily, see to it that Tina is given a full day's worth of work every day to make sure she doesn't have the time to gossip."
"O-Of course, Your Majesty."
Adolph turned to Laurel and offered her his hand, "A moment of your time, love?"
Laurel looked between Tina and Adolph before nodding, taking his hand and allowing him to lead her out. 
Lily led Tina away from the ballroom to the kitchens and delivered the king's message to the heads of the kitchen staff. Tina seemed even angrier than before, but Lily wasn't clear about what sort of history she had with the heads of the kitchen staff. 
One of the women smirked, "Of course. She can start with the dishes."
Lily looked at the tower of dishes before leaving with a shake of her head. From what she'd heard of Adolph, Tina had gotten off lightly.
After Adolph and Laurel left, Sarah left with Lynn to tend to something else, leaving Delia and Basil alone in the ballroom. 
"How could he treat her like that?" Basil asked. "Tina's been here for me my entire life. She doesn't deserve to work in the kitchen."
"I know," Delia said, refraining from rolling her eyes. Tina was a spiteful woman. It was pure karma that she was under the people she treated the worst. "And the way he embarrassed you It's as if he doesn't care that you've been running the kingdom in his stead all these years."
Basil flushed as she expected he would. 
"You're right, Delia! My orders are just a valid as his."
Delia nodded while laughing inside. She couldn't believe he believed that. It was true that a man's ego knew no bounds. Basil was little more than a pampered prince compared to Adolph, but using his self-importance to drive a wedge between Basil and Adolph was likely the best route she could take. 
"And what does he care about Tina anyway? He doesn't care about me or my mother if he's going to marry some random seventeen-year-old girl!"
Basil ranted for at least half an hour before leaving her parlor. When he left, she felt a bit triumphant. A knock sounded on the door a little while later and the door opened. 
She held her breath as Eden entered and closed the door behind him. She looked at him and before she could speak, he crossed the room. Her heart sped up as he took her hand and placed something small and cold in her hand. His eyes aren't a calm or cold as usual. There was a fire and anger there, burning bright and hot that made her tremble. 
"The plans have changed," Eden said. "Advance."
Delia's eyes widened as he left without with the soft click of her door behind him. She swallowed, shaking before looking down at the little thing he'd placed in her hand. It was still cold, almost painfully cold in her hand. She looked down at the dark bottle and watched the liquid move around inside it. 
Her heart stuttered in her chest as she gasped. She knew he would figure something out, but she hadn't ever thought that this would be it. 
She smirked, closing her fist over the vial. If she did it right, she'd get rid of Adolph and Laurel with one move. 
###chapter 56: The Issue of the Bouquet
Adolph led Laurel away from the ballroom into a nearby parlor and pulled her close with a sigh, nuzzling her. Her scent was as warm and sweet as ever, soothing in ways he hadn't ever thought anything could be. The exhaustion that had been dragging him down for years had vanished practically overnight since he'd marked her. 
"I've missed you," he whispered. 
Laurel laughed a little, "You saw me this morning."
"It was too long ago," he said with a little chuckle, before dropping a kiss to her temple. "A gift." 
She frowned as Adolph took her hand a put a chain of gold around her wrist with a few charms. One looked like a blue lake made of sapphires under a mountain. Another was a tree made of gold and tiny emeralds. The next was a rose made of rubies. Another was an azalea made of rubies. The last charm looked like a lunar flower made of diamonds so clear they sparkled in the dim light. 
"Y-Your Majesty, I" He smiled at her and kissed her forehead. "It's beautiful but"
"You can't return a gift, Laurel."
She pouted, "How high-handed of you, Your Majesty."
He threw his head back and laughed, "I promise. Everything will make sense. For now, we have a choice to make."
He pulled out a few pieces of paper, each lettered with an expert hand, "These are drafts for the announcement. Which do you like best?"
Laurel swallowed and looked up at him before looking down at the options. She winced at the one that seemed the most like the announcement of her and Basil's wedding and put it at the bottom of the stack. 
"Which do you prefer?" Laurel asked, glancing at him. 
He looked at the sheets hesitantly, "I don't want to influence your choice."
She frowned, "What do you mean by that-"
A knock sounded on the door and Adolph sighed, "Will we not get a single moment alone until the honeymoon?"
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment. She wanted to scold him but he turned and opened the door. Laurel turned to look at the collection of ministers outside the door. 
She almost groaned. What did they want now?
"What do you want now?" Adolph asked, "We're trying to make some decisions regarding the wedding."
"It's about the wedding," the minister of finance stated and offered a piece of paper to him. "We've come to deliver the drafted budget."
Laurel held herself back from going to look at it. Instead, she admired the charms with a smile. She'd have to get him to explain some of them when he got a chance. 
"Is this a joke?" Adolph asked. "Or do you take me for an idiot?"
"Neither, Your Majesty."
"Explain then why this budget is barely half of what was spent on my first marriage," he said, crumpling the page in his hand. "It's not even the same amount that was spent on either of Basil's weddings."
"Well, the timing of the wedding is a factor. Perhaps if you would wait a few more months to replenish the reserves-"
"Don't give me that crap. I know what the royal ledger looks like."
"If I may," the minister of justice cleared his throat. "Prince Basil's wedding was to his mate, and Luna Olivia was a woman of great importance to the kingdom as a daughter of a minister."
Adolph let out a dark chuckle as he balled up the budget, "You're trying my patience ministers I assure you I'm almost out."
Laurel glanced at them, unable to help herself as they let out a frightened gasp. The scent of blood grew stronger in the air, twined with cedar and roses. She could only imagine what sort of expression was on Adolph's face.
"Consider yourself the first one to be replaced, Minister Tarren." The man gasped, "As for the rest of you, disrespect my future wife again and I'll kill you It would make replacing you a great deal easier."
"Y-Your Majesty-"
"Come back with a better budget and maybe I won't murder you." Adolph closed the door in their faces with a little huff of frustration before turning to her. 
He was going to apologize for his language, but she seemed to be staring at him in awe. Laurel's eyes were glossy with tears but her expression was painfully happy. He'd never seen such a complex expression on her face before. 
She blinked, seemingly shaking herself free of her shock, before composing herself. 
"It's okay if the budget is left. I'm sure Basil's wedding was very expensive."
"How can a prince's wedding cost more than a king's?" Adolph said with a scoff. "They're upset because I have no interest in their sisters or daughters. They'll fix it."
He returned to her side, "Now about the invitations?"
Laurel shook her head, "Why won't you tell me your preference?"
He tilted his head, "It's complicated."
Laurel turned away from him with a little tilt of her lips. 
"Laurel, I-"
Another knock sounded on the door and he groaned. Laurel giggled a little and opened the door. 
Sarah and Lily were on the other side of the door carrying baskets of flowers. 
He smiled, "Miss Lily, Miss Sarah, a pleasure to see you both. Please come in."
"Your Majesty," they greeted and stepped inside. 
Laurel turned to look at the collection of flowers. 
"We thought we should get an idea about the arrangements and the bouquet" Sarah said. "These aren't the freshest clippings. They'll be used for petal jam, actually, but just to give you a sense of what's available."
Laurel smiled looking over the collection, happy that there wasn't a single rose among them. 
"There are no roses," Adolph said. 
"I think it's good," Laurel said, "Just some simple flowers should do for the bouquet."
He frowned, "No."
Laurel looked at him, "What do you mean?"
"You can't have a simple bouquet," Adolph said with a shake of his head. "There's a reason why we use roses at weddings and the future wife of a king can't carry a simple bouquet."
Laurel gave Sarah and Lily a tight smile, "Let's continue this some other day. I think we should consider it a little more."
Sarah and Lily glanced at each other for a moment before nodding politely and excusing themselves. Adolph looked at Laurel as she clenched her jaw. She seemed troubled, but he couldn't place the source of her trouble.
"You're upset," Adolph drew closer to her. "But I can't figure out why. Do you not like roses?"
"Just because your late wife had roses, doesn't mean I need them."
Adolph clenched his jaw, "Why do you keep bringing her up? She has nothing to do with us."
Laurel looked up at him, "You haven't explained anything. You're avoiding it. You might have said that Tina was lying, but what do you expect me to think if you won't tell me the truth?"
"Laurel, I don't want to talk about her." Adolph sighed. "Isn't it enough to trust that I'm telling the truth?"
"I don't want roses." She glanced up at him. "And I don't want to talk about why."
He flinched at her cold tone and his words thrown back in his face. Adolph wanted to say something more, but he took a deep breath and shook his head. He didn't want her thinking about Olivia and whatever else Tina told her. There was nothing else he could say about Olivia that would help change her mind short divulging the entire story and he wasn't in the mood for that conversation. He wasn't even sure why she didn't believe him. He didn't want to argue with her and upset her. He would only make things worse; he was sure. 
He wished he had more experience with women. His father had been a charming man who had wooed his mother to the edges of the kingdom and back for her hand. He supposed all the charm in the Raymond line had been consumed by his father's pursuit leaving him to flounder at pleasing his mate.
This wasn't a battle he could win right now. In his experience, it was best to retreat and live to fight another day.
"I'm not going to argue with you about roses," Adolph said and turned towards the door. "I'm not going to argue with you at all. Let me know your thoughts on the invitations."
Laurel looked at the pages, "Fine."
Adolph hesitated, but he turned stiffly and headed out of the door. For a moment, he rocked back against the door to sigh before continuing down the hall. 
Laurel swallowed as the door closed and wiped her eyes before the tears fell. Her chest felt tight. She knew he wasn't going to talk about it for whatever reason, but didn't he see that his unwillingness to talk about it just made it seem like there was at least some truth to the romance that had been spread across the kingdom?
She shook her head. The truth mattered, but she wasn't going to get it. For as long as he refused to talk about it, she couldn't give him her heart and that was okay. 
###chapter 57: The Rose, Azalea, and Luna Flower
Laurel gathered herself and the invitation samples and left the parlor. Based on the time, she was due to meet the Imperial Tailor to be fitted for her gown. She had never met the Imperial Tailor when she was Laura, but she'd heard about the woman from Basil. 
She fiddled with the bracelet on her wrist and tried to focus on the things she had to get done for the rest of the day. As she neared the parlor, she heard feminine laughter and froze. She lifted her head and approached the door slowly before knocking.
"Come on in!" A bright voice called. She entered a bit hesitantly and gasped as she saw the group of women. They were all dressed as nobles, smiling at each other. She recognized some of them for her life as Laura, but not all of them. 
The oldest of them approached her with a warm smile, "Well, aren't you a lovely young woman!"
"Hello," she curtsied. "A pleasure to meet you"
"I'm Raven, Adolph's elder sister."
Laurel's eyes widened and she froze. *Sister?*
Raven laughed, a light tinkling sound as she led Laurel over to the tailor's stand. 
"No need to be alarmed, dear. It's tradition! Up you go." Laurel stepped onto the tailor's step to look into the mirror. 
"The rest of these rascals," she said affectionately, slanting a glance to the women nearby. "Are cousins. The current Imperial Tailor is a dear friend of the family. She made Adolph's coronation suit, so it's only right that she makes your wedding and coronation gown."
Laurel swallowed thickly. She hadn't considered that it would also be her coronation. She looked into the mirror and across the group of women who seemed to be beaming at her before looking back at Raven. 
"He never mentioned any of this."
Raven smiled, "Well, to be fair, he doesn't know all of the traditions of the Raymond family! He didn't get to go through any of this with Olivia."
Her word shook her and she remained silent as Raven explained that the eldest woman of the family was supposed to help plan the king's wedding if he got married while on the throne. There were special things that had to be done if he was marrying his mate, which was why they were all there instead of just Raven. 
"We're here to answer all of the questions you could have. "
"H-How do you know we're mates?"
Raven smiled, lifting Laurel's hand so the ring caught in the light. 
"My little brother, fearsome as he is, is a romantic at heart. He wouldn't have given you this ring you weren't."
"Is the ring special?"
"It was our mother's," Raven said loftily. "Olivia pinned away for the day Adolph would give it to her, but my brother wouldn't have pulled it out of his vault if he wasn't sure."
She had thought that Adolph's parents had married for politics, but Raven told her that Adolph's father had wooed his mate and luna for several months before they were even considered courting. 
"You could say mother was a bit resistant to marrying a future king, but father was persistent." Raven shrugged, "Thus, here we are."
Laurel considered the story over as the tailor, June, stepped up to measure her with a kind smile. She listened to the chatter of them around her and found herself relaxing. The last time she'd been measured had been incredibly stressful. The woman had been critical and outright mean to her, but June smiled and chatted with her as she took down her measurements. 
The rest of the women were just as kind, asking her about where she grew up and how she'd settled into the castle so far. It was odd. She hadn't known that Basil had any other living family. He hadn't acknowledged them at any of the noble gatherings.
When June was done, she left and tea service was brought in for them as Raven pulled out a list. 
"Let's see here the bouquet I know the garden is in immaculate condition," Raven chuckled. "I was told that Basil's late wife ran a tight ship."
Irene, one of Adolph's cousins, rolled her eyes, "I don't understand what he was thinking with his new wife"
"She's his mate, isn't she?"
"That's what he said, but they don't act like it," Irene shrugged. 
"It's hard to understand the minds of men," Raven said seriously. "Even Adolph is an enigma to me most days, and I've known him all of our lives!"
Laurel laughed as Raven hummed, "In any case, the bouquet, dear. Adolph may be certain that you are his mate, but what are your thoughts?"
Laurel felt her face heat, "Is that a normal question to ask?"
"It's important."
"We are."
Raven tilted her head, "Has he marked you yet?"
Laurel ducked her head nodding. She pulled her hair aside and Raven hummed thoughtfully. Irene grinned, giving her a playful leer. 
"I see that dear cousin is his father's son."
Laurel ducked her head, covering her face. Her face burned with embarrassment and she wasn't even sure why. 
"Don't tease her!" Raven chuckled. "That's my job. In any case, roses are necessary."
Laurel flinched, "Do they have to be in the bouquet?"
She frowned, "You have something against roses?"
"I just I don't want a bouquet that looks like his late wife's" She averted her gaze. "Honestly, I've had enough of being compared to her to last a lifetime."
She worried her lip. Delia had a bunch of roses. She could only imagine that Olivia's bouquet had been full of roses. 
"Well, I suppose we go easy on the roses if you want" Raven said. "Though I think it wouldn't be exactly true to the situation."
"Oh, Rae'! Let the girl have fewer roses, at least we get to use azaleas and lunar flowers. Can we celebrate that?"
Raven sighed, looking rather put out, "Well I suppose."
Laurel looked between them, "Is there a difference?"
"Of course!" Raven blinked, "You didn't think the roses meant nothing, did you?"
" I was told they were her favorite flower."
Raven and Irene blinked before they burst into laughter, "Oh, sweetheart! That might be true, but that has nothing to do with the arrangements!"
Laurel frowned as Raven shook her head, "Red roses, in the Raymond family's traditions, are symbols of everlasting love. The number of them is based on the relationship before the marriage. A mate, at minimum, needs seven red roses."
She thought back to Delia's bouquet, which had been all red roses. Laura's bouquet had been mostly plain white flowers and four roses. 
"Four roses are the minimum in any arrangement no matter if it's the king or the prince." Raven shrugged, "But the prince's weddings are less important to the tradition than the king getting married, so we don't tend to get involved with the prince's wedding other than to attend and make sure the priest is present.
"Lunar flowers are symbols of being blessed by the moon goddess. They are required for mate weddings as well. Seven minimum. The red azalea shows the fidelity and strength of the couple, as their strength will be the strength of the kingdom. Seven minimum." 
She hadn't thought there was so much meaning behind something so simple.
"Having heard dear cousin speak about you," Irene started and winked at her, "I think we'll go for the full nine on all fronts."
Laurel fiddled with her sleeve, "I'm not too sure about that... At least the roses I think."
Raven leaned forward and took her hand, "I'm not sure what you've heard about my brother and Olivia, but let me tell you this."
She met her gaze cautiously. They were the same clear and honest blue as Adolph's when he was speaking to her. 
"When we came to help with the wedding, he refused." Laurel gasped. She had never imagined that was the case. "They had a grand wedding all according to the Mirabelle way of doing things, but Adolph made it clear that his marriage to Olivia was just one of convenience: easily made and easily broken."
Raven squeezed her hand, "He's asked for every due respect for your marriage, Laurel. It's been an act of a united front to keep him from overwhelming you."
"Overwhelming you?"
"My brother is hopeless." Raven sighed. "Father stole all the charisma and easy debonair charm from the gene pool leaving good looks, a good heart, and a warrior instinct for Adolph. I'm not sure what was left to my nephew."
"All Mirabelle that one," Irene said, earning a peal of laughter. "On the inside anyway."
"He means well, but he doesn't have much practice wooing anyone," Raven smiled, "He does love you, dearly. I've never seen him so happy as when he talks about you Not since we were kids."
Laurel blinked back her tears, but she couldn't fight them all. She wiped her face quickly. 
"We'll settle on seven all around for now," Raven said, "But I think with time, you'll find that it should have been more."
 

###chapter 58: Less Roses
Laurel left the parlor after having a light meal and several stories about Adolph in his youth that made her reel. It was hard to reconcile a little boy chasing frogs in the garden with his sister with King Adolph the Vampire Destroyed. She had tried to avoid thinking any more about Olivia and Adolph's relationship, but Raven's words were echoing through her mind. 
A marriage of convenience? How could a marriage of convenience have such a love story around it? What about the portrait in the office?
*Easily made and easily broken* It sounded a lot like her marriage and bond with Basil. When Olivia died, had Adolph felt it at all?
She walked with Lynn quietly around the grounds, just trying to get some fresh air until she reached a pair of gates that hadn't been there when she'd been in the castle as Laura. She looked up at the gates. They were heavy iron and new.
"Where do these gates lead?" Laura asked. 
"To the late Luna's orchard." 
Laurel gasped. She knew Basil issued a decree against accessing it, but she never imagined he'd placed a gate at the entrance. Why would he do that? She could smell the fruit of the orchard, overripe and rotting on the ground between the trees. The vegetable patches and fruit bushes were probably overgrown with weeds and rotting as well. 
It was such waste, and for what? To feel that he was right? To erase Laura's existence from the castle so he could move on with his marriage to Delia? 
She gripped the gates and rested her head against the iron. She still had to speak to him about it. There was no sense in letting all of Laura's hard work go to waste for his pride. 
"Laurel?" She turned her head to see Adolph approaching them. "What are you doing out here?"
Laurel swallowed and pulled away from the gates, "I just wanted some air."
Adolph nodded, "Would you walk with me? It's a lovely night."
She nodded and looked at Lynn who grinned at her and bowed respectfully. 
"I will take my leave," Lynn turned and left as Adolph offered her his arm. He was warm and his clothes were slightly damp. His hair seemed heavy with water as well. 
"Why are you wet?"
Adolph's lips twitched, "I was out for a hunt earlier and bathed.  I didn't think it was that noticeable."
Laurel number and they walked in silence through the castle grounds without any real direction. 
"So what did Raven tell you about me?"
Laurel chuckled, looking up at him, "A lot of horribly embarrassing things."
A light flush dusted his cheeks and he scowled, "Of course, she did. Did she tell you about the frogs?"
"That you used to try and hop around with them?" Laurel laughed, watching the flush spread to his ears. "Yes, she told me."
"You would think that as my twin there would be some form of fidelity," he grumbled. 
"Wait, she's your twin?"
Adolph nodded, "Older by a handful of minutes."
Her mind was reeling, "She didn't mention that at all"
"I didn't expect her to There's a lot of political contention about it."
She frowned, "What do you mean?"
Raven married into a nearby pack. She and her husband were very happy, but there was a time when there was a question about her and her children's right to the throne when she had a child before Adolph had. 
"It was a mess," Adolph sighed. "The ministers were up in arms. Raven was panicked because she never wanted her son to be in line for the throne We didn't have a chance to speak for a long time because of the politics."
"Why?"
"I had to send her and her family away for their safety," Adolph said and lifted an eyebrow at her. "You don't think the vampires were the first to try and kill a member of the royal family, did you?"
She dropped her gaze, "I suppose I never thought about it."
"Hopefully, you'll never have to think about it again." His voice seemed so certain and it gave Laurel a bit of peace of mind. "Have you given any thoughts about the invitations?"
She shook her head and smiled, deciding to tease him, "I was too busy hearing about you and your love for petal jam."
"That woman" He grunted with a flush on his cheeks, "What didn't she tell you?"
"How you got your hair to stop smelling like roses."
She giggled as Adolph scrubbed his face and lifted his head defiantly, "That is the last time you get to be alone with my sister, cousins, or nieces."
"They were all very nice," Laurel said, looking up at the sky. "They're not at all what I expected. Why didn't you say you had other living family members?"
"Generally, when you marry out of the royal line and decide to give up ties to the throne, you are no longer considered family, but subjects." Adolph shrugged, "I've never really subscribed to the idea and write them often, but for the sake of public appearances, I've become accustomed to not talking about them."
Laurel nodded. It made sense if there was a chance that they would be used to alter the line of succession. 
"They told me a lot," Laurel said.
"Other than my jam escapades?"
"Raven hated Olivia," Laurel said. "And Irene doesn't care for Delia She thinks Basil is an idiot."
Adolph nodded, "They're quite blunt when they want to be."
"Does Prince Basil write to them?"
Adolph shook his head, "It's doubtful. Minister Mirabelle is invested in his relationship with the throne and probably discourages it. Just as well, they don't live in the castle and Minister Mirabelle would have never taken Basil outside the castle to visit them or let them come visit while I was away It wouldn't have been safe."
Laurel hummed. It seemed rather sad to have been separated from his family like that. Laurel only had her mother and father as neither of them interacted with their family or had a family to interact with, but she could imagine that Basil would have grown up to be a very different person if he'd been surrounded by Adolph's side of the family. 
"I assume you've worked out all the other traditions? Gotten measured and all that?"
"Yes," Laurel said. "I told Raven I wanted fewer roses."
"What?" Adolph asked, stopping them. She sighed and looked up at him to meet his gaze. 
"I don't want there to be any confusion about it is all." 
"How many less? Less than what?"
Laurel grimaced, "I was thinking four at most."
"No."
"Raven already said I had to have at least seven"
"No," Adolph shook his head. "You should have all nine."
"That's not necessary."
"I think it is."
Laurel glowered at him, "Then you carry the bouquet."
He lifted an eyebrow at her then narrowed his eyes at her as if he was trying to read her thoughts. 
"Why?" He asked. "Why are you so against nine roses? Against the seven at least?"
Laurel looked away from him, gathering her courage and straightening her spine to meet his gaze. She'd thought about it and realized that until she could be honest with him about why this was so important, he would likely never tell her. If she told him the truth and he still didn't tell her, at least she had been honest with him. 
"I can't" She shook her head. "I won't give you my heart until I know for sure that you can give me all of yours."
Adolph frowned. 
"I don't I won't live my life at your side chasing after you if you're chasing a ghost."
Adolph's eyes widened, blinking at her in shock, "You You think I was in love with Olivia. That's It's more than just what Tina told you, isn't it?"
"Yes."
Adolph closed his eyes with a little murmur of a prayer. He didn't know what to say to such a ridiculous notion. 
"Can we sit for a second and talk about this?" Adolph said. "I think I need to hear what started all of this before I can tell you what you want to know."
Laurel nodded, following him to a parlor to sit. She took a deep breath before telling him about growing up with the story of his relationship with Olivia as an ideal relationship. The fact that he hadn't gotten married in the years since Olivia's death only fed into the mythos. 
"But I told you none of it is true," Adolph said, taking her hands. "What is it?"
Her jaw trembled as she looked up at him, "It feels like you still have feelings for her because you won't tell me what the truth is Like you're protecting the story too."
Adolph was shocked, flinching at the words and squeezing her hands gently. 
"I never wanted it to feel that way," Adolph said meeting her gaze. "There is nothing I want to protect about that marriage... except maybe my pride."
Laurel frowned as he sighed. 
"Let me start from the beginning."

###chapter 59: The Truth About Olivia
Adolph sighed. He hadn't thought about the fiasco that was his first marriage in a long time, but he promised to tell her so she could set her doubts to rest. 
"I told you that my sister, Raven, had a son before Basil was born She had him when the war was starting to get rough."
Adolph was the only heir to the throne. He'd been young, not even in his twenties when Raven had her first child and Adolph had ascended the throne. His father had left him his crown and the war when he died. That much fighting had a way of pulling at a werewolf's sanity without a mate of some kind. 
"I was losing time," Adolph said, shuddering. "Not fully days, but hours at a time. As you know it's one of the first signs of going rogue."
Laurel nodded, shuddering at the thought. To be so young and already pushed to the edges of what his mind could take was heartbreaking. 
"While I was on the front lines, Olivia Mirabelle fell in love with the idea of me," he said, his lips twitching wryly. "Whether it was started by Minister Mirabelle as a bid for the throne or not, I don't know, but when I returned, I was told that she and I had a great love story. Olivia was beside herself telling me she loved me, that she wanted to be my wife, that we were mates, but there was nothing in me that agreed."
If anything, he had been opposed to the idea and put off by her fanatical belief in it.
"Why did you marry her then?"
"For Raven and my nephew."
She frowned, "What do you mean?"
"He was the first born male. She and I are twins. He had a legitimate tie to the throne for as long as I remained unmarried, unmated, and without an heir." Adolph growled at the memory. "Her husband's pack had already been attacked, by who I'm not sure, but it was clear that it would keep happening as long as he had a legitimate claim to the throne."
"I thought when she married, she gave up that tie."
He smirked, "That's how it's supposed to work, but if I had died, he would have been the only heir and bloodline is the most important thing to the nobility."
She nodded with understanding.
"The only way to stop it was to get married I was anxious," he sighed, shaking his head. "I knew I couldn't keep fighting in the war without having a mate to anchor me, but the army needed my strength if we were going to win."
He'd promised his father that he'd defeat the vampires or die trying, so he had done what needed to be done.
"The kingdom needed someone to act as luna and I needed an heir. The ministers were pressuring me It was the best solution at the time, but that's all it ever was for me."
Laurel frowned, "She loved you."
"She loved the idea of me," Adolph said. "She never got the chance to know me, so caught up in her fantasy and my heart wouldn't allow me to care to know her anymore than I had to. I respected her as my wife and the mother of my son, but that was all."
He looked up, thinking back to Olivia's dreamy smile, pleading with him to love her, to give in and participate. 
"I shouldn't have agreed. It's a decision I have to accept and regret most days."
"Why?"
"I knew what she wanted of me or what she thought she wanted of me and I did nothing to stop it. I let her continue with her fantasy. I let Tina and Minister Mirabelle fill Basil's ears with it and the whole kingdom."
Laurel squeezed his hand, "I don't think that's fair"
"It was selfish," Adolph said. "I grew up with what could only be called a great romance Part of me wanted that for Basil, so he could know what happiness could be like, but it backfired."
He scoffed, "My son is married to a woman he thinks is his mate and I'm not convinced she is."
Laurel gasped, "What? What do you mean?"
Adolph lifted a shoulder, "A feeling Something in the way they interact His wife doesn't seem"
He hummed and shook his head, "Not sure what it is. It's just a feeling. Part of me thinks that if I had been able to give Basil what I had as a child then he wouldn't be married to her Maybe he would still be married to Laura. Maybe they could have been happy, but that's all in the past now."
Laurel worried her lip. She doubted that she could have been happy with Basil, but she could see how he would think so. Still, if Adolph had found his mate back then, what would have become of her? 
"But, the moon goddess works in strange ways," he chuckled. "My mate is a young woman, younger than my son. I don't know what she was thinking, but I'm grateful to have you."
Adolph smiled, squeezing her hand, "Does that clear up the misunderstanding?"
Laurel looked at him, "You were never mates."
"Never."
"And you never marked her?"
"Never."
She fiddled with the ring, "Is this ring special?"
"If I had never met you, it would have never seen the light of day again."
Laurel blew out a long breath, hoping the warmth in her cheeks didn't mean she was blushing too brightly. Did he have to give such romantic answers? 
"Why didn't you tell me before?"
Adolph winced, "How could I tell you as your mate, as a king, that I had been forced to marry a woman I could not love? For the sake of my pride, I let it go on instead of revealing the truth Raven is the only one who knows the full story besides you."
Laurel nodded, looking at Adolph. His handsome face seemed relieved of some tension as if telling her had freed him of some burden. 
"Could you love me, Laurel?" Adolph asked, turning to meet her gaze. "I know our age difference is a barrier, but could you, one day, love me with all of your heart the way I love you?"
She swallowed and worried her lip. She could say no. It would be safer, but it would have been a lie. 
"Yes," she gasped. " I think I already do."
He smiled and leaned in to kiss her sweetly before pressing their foreheads together. 
"You have no idea how happy those words make me."
She smiled. Her eyes burning with tears. 
"Can we never mention Olivia again?"
 "I think I can do that" She smiled, feeling a bit like teasing him. "If you teach me how to fly."
Adolph groaned, pulling back with a little howl, "She didn't tell you about that!"
Laurel giggled, remembering Raven demonstrating how an eight-year-old Adolph stood on the branch of a tree with fake wings made of bedsheets and twigs strapped to his arms tried to fly. 
Watch me, Rae'! I'll be the first werewolf to fly ever!
"Maybe some other day, my love," Adolph glowered at her, his face bright red, as she tried to smother her giggling. "I should have told her husband every embarrassing story from our childhood when I had the chance."
"It's fine," she chuckled. "You sounded adorable."
"I'm sure," he huffed. "Have you given any thought to the invitations yet?"
"Are you going to tell me why it's so important that I choose?"
He scratched his head, "I was told by a reputable source-"
"Your sister?"
He wrinkled his nose a bit and she laughed, "A highly respected source known as my sister that it could be overwhelming for you So I should let you choose some things free of tradition."
She smiled at him and wondered if he knew he looked staunchly against the idea of having anything deviate from whatever was traditional. 
"Well how about you show me your choice and let me choose from there?"
He eyed her a reached into his pocket and offered it to her.
"You've been carrying this around all day?" Laurel asked.
He shrugged, refusing to meet her gaze as she opened it and gasped. The words were the same, but the font was curling and ornate. She squinted and frowned. It seemed familiar for some reason. She thought of the kingdom's banner and gasped. 
"This is the same font as the banner?"
He nodded, "Very traditional. It's the same font that was used in the garden's gates. It's covered by vines now, but"
"What's it say?"
He hummed, "It roughly translates to *fidelity, love, and courage.*"
She looked back at the letters, trailing her fingers lightly over the swirling script and the drawings of azaleas and lunar flowers along the edges. 
"When they're made, the azaleas will be in red ink and the lunar flowers will be in silver Specialty ink that's made out of the flowers. Our names will be gold" He pointed out the other differences regarding the cut of the paper and the envelopes they would go in. 
The more she listened to him, the warmer she grew. He looked at her and met her gaze, flinching as he realized that she had been looking at him. 
His face reddened. She smiled and kissed his cheek. 
"I think it's perfect." She smiled, "Let's go with these."
His eyes widened and he smiled, soft and loving before kissing her gently. 
"Perfect."

###chapter 60: Between Father And Son
Adolph kissed her cheek before standing and offering her his hand. 
"It's getting late, darling. Let me escort you back to your room."
She nodded and took his hand, warm and giddy. The cool air of the night felt warm around them, cozy and romantic. The moonlight that spilled through the tall windows filled the night with an ambiance that made her draw closer to Adolph. 
When they reached her door, Adolph pulled her close. Her breath stuttered as she got close enough to share air with him and pick out every strand of blue in his eyes. 
"I don't want to let you go, just yet."
She worried her lip, "O-Okay."
He smiled, dragging his lips against hers and whispering, "Is this okay?"
Laurel nodded, her stomach flipping and filling with butterflies as he kissed her gently and leaned into her. He groaned, tilting his head to deepen the kiss. She gasped and he slipped his tongue between her teeth, licking into her mouth with a ticklish zing of pleasure that went straight to her stomach and pooled in her hips. 
"Y-Your Majesty."
"Call me by name," he whispered into her mouth, kissing her again. "Say my name, Laurel."
"Y-Your Majesty, we're in the hallway"
He scoffed, "I'm the king. If I can't kids my fiancé in the hallway, who can?"
"Your Majesty!"
Adolph chuckled and dipped his head to capture her lips again, sliding his tongue into her mouth and savoring the taste of her gasping a moan as he cupped her face and tasted her. He wanted so badly to open the door to her room and have her, but he pulled back before he was any more tempted to enter her room and met her gaze. 
Her green eyes seemed hazy, staring up at him in shock and awe. 
"Soon," he whispered. "As soon as we're married"
She flushed and let out a little gasp. 
"You'll be mine in every way possible."
He heard her gulp as he pulled back and released her, "Goodnight, Laurel."
"G-Goodnight, Your Majesty." She fumbled for the door and hurried inside, closing the door behind her with a soft click before resting her back against the door.
She felt him lingering on the other side before walking away and trembling. 
His rough voice echoed through her mind. She could almost feel him still pressed against her body, burning hot. The scent of cedar, roses, and blood still filled her nose and she trembled.
*You'll be mine in every way possible.*
Alice growled in delight, *We already are!*
She scowled at Alice's thoughts and started to get ready for bed, resolved to put the sensual promise in his eyes to the back of her mind and get some rest. 
She climbed into bed and found herself unable to sleep, her face burning with embarrassment as she turned and squealed into her pillow. 
Raven said he was clueless, but Laurel disagreed! He certainly seemed to know what he was doing to fluster her like this, or maybe it was just because she was more inexperienced. 
After all, she had never even shared a night with Basil before she died. 
She chuckled, thinking of it. When she was Laura, she had mourned that truth, but now, she was grateful. It meant she would only ever know her mate's touch. 
King Adolph the Invincible, the Vampire Destroyer, the Goddess-Blessed King an eight-year-old purveyor of fabric and stick wings, and secret lover of petal jam. 
She giggled finding him to be an impossibly complex and lovely person. A complex and real person stepped right out of her fairytale fantasies. 
Maybe she and Olivia had the same tastes in men, but at least, Laurel loved Adolph for who he was beyond the crown and riches. She feared his darkness but accepted it. She loved and reveled in his kindness, and soon, she would live embraced in every part of his heart just as he would live the rest of his days in her heart. 

*******
Adolph walked a few steps down the corridor before he felt a presence in the shadows. He reached into the shadows, pulling the body out and pinning the man against the opposing wall under a beam of light.
"Father, it's me!"
Adolph frowned at his son, loosening his grip, "Basil, what are you doing hiding in the dark?"
He smirked, a little amused as Basil straightened his jacket, "Is this another one of your strange hobbies?"
Basil glowered at him, "I wasn't hiding father. I was waiting."
"For?"
"You. I wanted to talk to you."
Adolph eyed him and shrugged, "Walk with me then. What's on your mind?"
Basil swallowed and fell into step with Adolph, trying to get his heart rate under control. How had Adolph felt him there? He hadn't made a sound, fearing his anger for interrupting his time with Laurel. From the sounds of it, he and Laurel were farther along in their relationship than he was with Delia. He wondered, for a moment, if it was because Adolph had marked her. 
He shook his head and tried to focus his thoughts on why he went looking for his father in the first place. 
"It's about my mother."
Adolph stopped and let out a deep sigh, turning to him. "Go on."
He winced, glancing at Adolph. He didn't seem angry, but he was agitated. 
"It's just I know you said that you were aware that your marriage would affect me, but I don't understand how you could have loved my mother so much and replaced her with a seventeen-year-old girl." He shook his head, "I don't understand how my mother could have been your fated mate and Laurel be your second chance mate. Something isn't right, father."
He took a deep breath, "There are better, more noblewomen to choose from, father. Surely, someone else caught your eye that's not so abrasive. She's done nothing but cause trouble since she got here. Bullying Delia and Tina, attacking people, not to mention that man that she left the castle with the other day"
Basil lifted his head to meet Adolph's gaze, nervously. Still, there was no anger on his face. He seemed to be considering Basil critically, examining him. 
"Basil," Adolph began. "How did you know your wife was you mate?"
Basil frowned, "I I mean I looked at her, and I felt it."
"Your wolf told you so?"
"Well no."
Arthur nodded, "I see. Well, then what I am going to tell you probably won't make sense to you for a while."
Basil frowned looking at him. 
"Your mother and I were never in love," Adolph said. 
Basil's breath caught in his chest. 
"I am sorry for letting Tina, Minister Mirabelle, and the rest fill your head with lies, but I thought it was better for you to grow up with at least an idea of love." Adolph shook his head. "Your mother was a marked mate, but I never marked her. I never loved her, but I respected her as your mother and my wife."
He placed a hand on Basil's shoulder. His smile was warm and almost doting. He felt like a little boy again, looking up at his father as he rode into the city for a visit and wanting to be like him. He remembered how Adolph would ruffle his hair and speak kindly to him as a child.
 "When you meet your fated mate or your second chance mate, if that is your fate, your wolf will know."
"Are you saying that Delia isn't my mate?" Basil asked, feeling defensive. 
"I'm saying that's something you'll have to figure out between you and your wolf," Adolph said. "My wolf and I are in perfect agreement that Olivia, your mother, was never anything more than a bond of convenience, and Laurel is the woman we will spend the rest of our lives with, a perfect gift from the moon goddess for which we will give thanks every day."
He pulled back and ruffled his hair with a chuckle, "I hope I've put your doubts to rest because I have none. Goodnight, son."
Basil stood staring after his father in a daze. His head still felt as warm as it had every time Adolph had ruffled his hair as a child, yet he felt so confused. What was true? What was a lie? What was he supposed to make of the riotous emotions in his chest? He would have asked his wolf about what his father said, but his wolf had grown disinterested in replying to him. 
He wandered back to his room with a heavy heart and a mind full of questions. 
He couldn't sleep, thinking of his father's expression and his tone. It felt so paternal. Oddly, it had been different from any conversation he'd ever had with his grandfather. Adolph was trying to teach him something, leading him to find answers instead of just directing him to an answer. 
He wasn't sure what to make of it, but he thought of Laura and Laurel's question. 
*Did you ever think?*
In the morning, a servant knocked on his door and offered him a golden envelope with curling azalea and lunar flower filigree along the edges: an invitation to a king's wedding. 


###chapter 61: Grandfather or Puppeteer
Basil frowned into the distance. He'd been sitting in the same position for at least an hour, thinking and letting out little frustrated sighs. It had been a full day since the confrontation in the ballroom. She knew that he went to talk to Adolph about Laurel again after that, but he hadn't said what they'd discussed. 
It was unnerving and only added to Delia's current stress. The vial Eden had given her was burning against her skin, tucked safely in the bust of her gown. She hadn't dared to leave it in her room where someone could find it and get suspicious. 
"I'm having doubts," Basil said softly. "About  my mother and father's relationship."
Delia slid closer, seizing upon the chance, "Why?"
" a feeling," Basil said, making Delia's stomach jolt in fear. "Just an instinct I guess."
He sighed as Delia tried to calm her heart. Adolph had impeccable instincts. Was there a chance that Basil had inherited some of them and they were waking up now? Why now? 
She thought of Eden's cold stare again and shivered as a jolt of would lose her new status if he ever found out.
 "Well, Tina wouldn't lie to you."
"You think my father would?" 
His voice was a bit tense and she shrugged trying to play off the anxiety that it evoked. He'd never taken that sort of tone with her before. 
"I think an older man had more reason to try and justify his interest in a seventeen-year-old woman than your nanny has reason to lie about her late mistress"
It was a gamble, but Delia held her breath listening for Basil's reaction.
" maybe." He stood. "I need to talk with someone."
Delia frowned, "Who?"
Basil closed the door behind him, not hearing Delia's question as he left her room. He walked down the stairs until he reached the suites they were staying in. He knocked carefully as he heard laughter from beyond the door. 
His aunt answered the door, looking just as much like his paternal grandmother as ever. She tilted her head with a curious lift of her brow as if his appearance at her door was strange but not unexpected. Her eyes narrowed a bit as she considered him before she stepped aside. 
He felt a bit like he'd passed some sort of invisible test only to start another one.
"Is it my dear cousin?" Irene called coming from the sitting area with a bright smile. Her smile faltered, and her shoulders slumped before she crossed her arms and eyed him dismissively. 
"The other cousin, then," Irene said with a stiff little nod. "Your Highness."
"Irene," Raven said with a warning, leading him to the sitting area. 
He nodded politely at the rest of the women, all of them were cousins of his father, but he didn't know them well. He had only come to speak to Raven. They looked at him curiously with similarly assessing gazes as Raven. Some of them turned away quickly, dismissively. Others let their gaze linger before turning back to their conversation. 
"Well, don't look as though we'll eat you," Raven laughed as she sat. "What brought you here?"
He swallowed, "It's about my father and his marriage."
Raven frowned, "What about it?"
He looked down, "You have to talk to him. She's seventeen!"
"And? Your father is in his prime and they're mates."
Basil's eyes jumped up to meet Raven's gaze. 
"You believe that?"
Raven gave him an amused smile, "I can understand why you don't, but I do. Most importantly, your father and Laurel do."
He huffed, "How can you be okay with her taking my mother's place? They-"
Raven's gaze turned cold, "What does your *mother* have to do with anything?"
Basil flinched at her tone, "What kind of question is that? She has-"
"Nothing to do with it," Raven said. "*Nothing.*"
Basil's face heated. Anger boiled in him and he felt his lips curling in fury, "My mother and father were-"
"A matter of convenience," Raven picked up her drink. Her eyes were cool and assessing, unaffected. "Laurel is a matter of love. They have nothing to do with one another."
Basil glared at her, refusing to listen or even entertain her. He stood, "I shouldn't have come here."
"Of course," Irene said lightly. "Why not just ask your grandfather?"
"Irene-"
"No," Irene said. "He's old enough now to take responsibility for himself."
Basil glared at Irene as she turned to him. He growled at her, "Grandfather was right about you."
Irene burst into laughter, "I scarcely think Gavin Mirabelle has ever been right about anything that didn't involve manipulating people and hoarding money."
Basil rounded the couch in a huff and stormed out of the room, grumbling to himself. They were wrong. His grandfather would understand. They were the ones who didn't seem to get it. He crossed the castle to get to Gavin's office and heard him cursing to himself inside. 
He opened the door, finding it unlocked, and Gavin looked up, the anger faded and he smiled. 
"Ah, my dearest grandson, come in. What's brought you to see me?"
"It's about the wedding," Basil said closing the door behind him. "I talked to the luna of the Black Mountain pack, and-"
Gavin scoffed, "I have told you before and I will tell you again. That woman and the rest of them know nothing."
"That's what I said," Basil said. "I just thought father may have told them what he's thinking marrying that girl..."
"Yes, if my poor Olivia were here now" Gavin shook his head. Basil smiled, listening to his grandfather talk about Olivia's great love for Adolph. How she'd send him letters every week and cherish every reply she received. 
How she pleaded with the ministry to go and see him on the front lines and had been refused. 
How she had done everything.
"To think a great woman is to be replaced by a rude little girl from the country," Gavin scoffed. "What is His Majesty thinking trying to give control of the kingdom to a child?"
*Didn't you ever think?* Laura's voice asked from the back of Basil's mind. Laurel's cold condescension flickered in his mind's eye as he listened to Gavin. When he was a child, he had loved the stories he'd tell about his mother, feeling some sort of connection to her through them.
"And what about my father?" Basil asked. Gavin stopped, staring at him. 
"What about him?"
"You never told me how he loved my mother"
Gavin blinked, shuffling papers as he stammered and sputtered. For a moment, Basil glanced at the pages on his desk. He'd always thought his grandfather was always busy, but he couldn't exactly remember what his grandfather did all day. 
He wasn't the minister of finance or justice. He wasn't the minister of trade either. 
"Well, it's a long story. The details are a bit fuzzy," Gavin said with a nervous chuckle. "I can't say Olivia ever shared such things with me, and I never pushed"
He frowned looking at the books on his desk. He glanced around the room, really taking stock of it. When he was a child, he'd only spent a handful of hours in his grandfather's office. Seeing it now, something wasn't right. 
Was it something in the books or the placement of the pages? Maybe he was imagining things. 
"I have a great deal of work to do, dear Basil. Perhaps we can continue this conversation some other time."
"Grandfather," Basil started. "What do you do for the kingdom?"
Gavin looked up and flushed, "After all these years, it seems you're still lacking in your education. You should know what position I hold in the court by now!"
Basil frowned. He remembered as a child Gavin would always say that he shouldn't ask questions as a prince would know the answer, but how was he meant to know anything without learning it?
*Didn't you ever think?* Laurel hissed at him from the back of his mind with Laura's tear-ridden gaze.
He didn't know what to think. 

******
Delia found Tina sitting alone in the gallery of portraits, crying in front of Olivia's portrait. She was the only luna not painted with her husband in the entire room. 
"Oh, Tina," Delia simpered coming towards her. "You poor thing. I'm so sorry"
Tina sniffled, "It's that wretched girl! If only If only"
She looked up to the portrait, heart filled with grief and clutching a vial in her hand. Olivia had given it to her, the last gift before she died in exchange for a promise. Never would she serve another of Adolph's wives after serving his greatest love. She had only come to pay respects.
"What's that in your hand?" Delia asked, Tina turned away. 
"Never you mind it," Tina said softly. "A promise I'd made a long time ago."
Delia eyed the vial and kept herself from smiling as she looked up at the portrait. 
"She was beautiful," Delia said, letting her gaze drift over the painting. Olivia was perhaps even more stupid than Laura had been, but she was far more useful if the vial in Tina's hand was what she thought it was. "I can understand why you guard her place in the kingdom."
Tina looked at her as Delia pat her hand, "The king will change his mind once I give Prince Basil a son."
Tina's eyes widened and her gaze dropped to Delia's stomach. Delia felt a rush of glee, knowing she had Tina in her hands. All she had to do was give a convincing lie and the whole plan would fall into place. 
"I wouldn't want anyone else to raise Basil's son other than you," Delia smiled, seeing the glimmer of hope and the idea in Tina's eyes. "It won't be much longer, so hang on in the kitchens, okay?"
Tina nodded stiffly before Delia left, smirking as she heard Tina's sobbing stop. She heard Tina stand and start to walk briskly towards the kitchens and practically skipped back to her room. 

###chapter 62: The Last Insult
On the day of her wedding, Laurel found herself unable to stop smiling. Raven, Irene, and the rest of Adolph's cousins had come to her chambers to get her ready for the traditional luna's brunch held with the female members of the family. 
They brought the sash of gold embroidered with lunar flowers, smiling as Raven fastened it over her shoulders and explained the significance of the sash and the brunch. 
"It's to be the last meal you eat as just a gift to the king from the moon goddess," Raven said. "Hence the lunar flowers. Once you're married, you'll wear a sash with both azaleas and luna flowers."
She chuckled, "I can see why you told him this all might be a bit much to take in."
Raven grinned, "You're taking all the pomp, circumstance, and tradition well."
" is it too late to change something?"
"What sort of change?" Irene asked. 
"I was thinking that" Laurel's face burned. "Maybe I could have nine roses if it's not too late?"
Irene's eyes twinkled with mischief and Raven smiled at her, "Nine all around?"
"Yes."
"I'm sure it will be quite the surprise for him." Raven chuckled, "I'm sure Sarah or Lily won't have a problem adding them."
Laurel nodded, probably not. Sara and Lily had been enchanted with all the little details Raven had been explaining to her as they'd been decorating and arranging the celebration. It seemed that every aspect of their marriage was steeped in a tradition and symbolism connected to the origins of the kingdom. 
Raven set her at the front of the procession towards the lunar parlor where they were meant to hold the brunch. 
She saw Tina pushing one of the carts towards the room from far away. A group of servants with other carts was several steps behind her looking a bit tense. Her eyes jumped to Laurel with a glare and something superior in her eyes as she pushed the tray into the room. Raven guided her to take her seat at the head of the table before instructing Delia to sit at her left. Raven sat at her right as the closest female relative to Adolph and the rest of the guests settled around the table. 
She would have preferred to have anyone else sit next to her, but she smiled at Raven whose eyes were twinkling with amusement. 
Tina wheeled the cart around the table towards Laurel and refused to set her plates. She left it near Laurel's seat and rounded the table towards Delia. Raven's eyes widened, but Lily stopped the service of the food. 
"What are you waiting for?" Delia asked, glaring at the nearest maid, "Bring my food!"
"No one is to be served before the luna," Lily said, her eyes turning hard and glaring at Tina. "Tina, return to the kitchens. You have no business here."
She flushed and stomped out as Lily rounded the table with an apologetic smile, "My apologies, Luna Laurel."
"Seems like you're slipping up on your duties over the castle," Delia said with a little sneer. "Tina would have never let such a thing stand, and she's not luna!"
Laurel rolled her eyes and looked at Raven as Lily served her food. The maids stood back as Delia glared at the maid nearest to her. 
"What are you waiting on now?"
Raven smiled, sharing a little smile with Laurel. She gestured to Raven, "May the light of the moon shine to my right and center before my left."
The cousin seated on the other side of Delia, coughed into her hand, stifling a little giggle. 
Delia frowned as the maid standing behind Raven's chair stepped forward to serve her. They were served in order around the table starting with Raven to Laurel's right and Aria, who sat across from her, leaving Delia to be served last. She flushed with fury. 
"The luna has several methods of announcing the start of the brunch," Raven said looking at Delia. "By her say is every course served."
Delia glared at Raven as her cheeks burned with embarrassment. She hadn't known that. She hadn't known anything about all these traditions as she hadn't had to go through them when she married Basil. They were ridiculous, but it was clear that there was no amount of complaining that would get her out of this meal. 
Delia sneered, "As if a rude little girl would know anything about being luna."
"Are you questioning His Majesty's choices?" Irene asked lightly, though her eyes were hard and cold.
Delia flinched and closed her mouth, deciding to pass the rest of the brunch in begrudging silence, barely listening to the conversation happening around her. 
Laurel grinned as she finished her second course. The dishes were delicious, each of them was different than the usual fare, but Raven had explained they were ceremonial dishes. All of her dishes had lunar flowers at the bottom ranging from one to nine for the nine courses of the meal, even her teacup was a part of the luna's set. 
"I have to remember to compliment the kitchens," Laurel said with a smile as the next course was served. "It's all so different, but so good."
The soup was the fifth course. It was a bit bitter, like the rind of a citrus fruit had been left in it for too long, but it wasn't unpleasant. She sipped her soup quietly, listening to Aria talk about the economic situation of the Ruby Hills pack, ignoring Delia's disgruntled silence.
Raven smiled at her gleefully as Laurel smiled, sipping the broth carefully and smiling as the azalea pattern began to appear at the bottom. The rich reds made her think of Adolph's cloak, billowing in the wind. There were five azaleas at the bottom. It seemed that there had been a mix-up, but she couldn't be upset. She wondered how Adolph would feel upon seeing the five lunar flowers at the bottom of his soup bowl.

*******
Adolph reached the bottom of his bowl with a measure of trepidation. It was bad enough that he had to share this meal with Gavin, but to have such a mistake happen during the brunch worried him. The plate was a plain gold-rimmed bowl without a pattern at the bottom: one of the guest plates. Chasel looked at him from across the room, stationed by the door with a questioning look and Adolph shook his head gently. 
It was likely just a small mistake. Perhaps the bowl had been broken or misplaced. He'd ask. The meal continued in near silence. 
"I certainly hope Your Majesty plans to have your young wife thoroughly educated," Gavin's brother said with a little huff. "The work of the luna is far too important to be left just in the hands of a teenaged girl without supervision."
Adolph's gaze cut to the man as Gavin continued to sip his soup in silence. Before he could speak, Raven's husband, Henry, gave him a wry smile as he sipped his soup. 
"Such a solemn conversation for a joyous affair," Henry said with a smirk before looking at Basil with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes. "Shame about tradition and how poorly it picks company. Surely we have better things to talk about than how men without status feel about women far above their concern?"
Adolph smirked, barely holding in a laugh as Gavin's brother flushed and scowled into his soup.
Basil looked at Henry then Adolph, "What does that mean?"
Henry sighed, "The food's good, but there's no taste sweeter than the presence of beautiful women. I bet they're having a delightful time."
Adolph chuckled, "My apologies, Alpha Redwood for separating you from your luna."
"Apology accepted."
Basil frowned looking between the two of them and wanting to say something, but the two men seemed amused. Liam, Henry's son, smiled.
"Father, I'm going to tell mother you were starting trouble."
"Please do! I welcome her affections always."
Irene's husband, Dorian, laughed, nearly choking on his soup as Gavin and Basil grew visibly upset. Adolph shook his head and wondered how his father would have felt about his eldest daughter's husband and the snarky scoundrels his nieces had married. 
He could almost hear the man's laughter from when he told Adolph and Raven about his marriage brunch. 
*"I hope you'll have better company than me. I had to sit next to her father who still hates me for stealing his precious daughter!"*
If Jack or any of his family had been alive, he would have invited them to join his table in Gavin and his brother's places. It had been a shame that there had been no one from Sapphire Lake to invite. He sipped his water as the bowl was taken away and he was served a cut of meat on a plate with six azalea blossoms. He wondered if Laurel had been able to see the lunar flower blossoms for each stage of the meal or if one of her dishes had been missing as well. 
"Cheer up, Your Majesty," Liam said with a grin. "You'll be reunited with your luna soon enough."
Henry and Dorian snickered. Even Chasel seemed to find it amusing though Basil looked horrified as if Adolph would reach across the table and slit Liam's throat for teasing him.
"I see you take after your father, you troublemaker." Liam grinned. "And she is the best company any man could ask for."
Liam let out a teasing sound, "Such love."
"Yes," Adolph said. "I do."
Gavin flinched at the admission and clenched his jaw as he tuned out the rest of the conversation. Laurel was too much like Laura. With her on the throne, the days of benefitting from his position were somewhat numbered. He looked up to meet Basil's gaze and went still. There was something inquisitive in his eyes that Gavin had thought he'd killed a long time ago. 
Basil was starting to think and that would never serve his purposes. He spent the rest of the meal contemplating the best course of action.
###chapter 63: Blood and White
After brunch, they retired to the bridal suite. Delia sat at the back of the room, refusing to help Laurel, though it didn't seem as though she was expected to help. It didn't matter to her other than to irritate her. There should have been news about Adolph being ill by now, but since there wasn't, she could only imagine that Adolph would fall to the poison before the ceremony. 
She'd used the entire vial after all. She didn't know what Tina was planning, but she doubted that Laurel would make it long after the ceremony either. With both of them out of the way, she would be the luna. Basil would be king, but the entire plan would be complete. 
Would Eden be happy? Would he reward her? She grimaced, thinking of Tina. There was no way the woman wouldn't remember her hint about Basil's heir. Maybe she should have saved a bit of poison for her as well. 
Raven watched Delia out of the corner of the mirror as she helped Irene do Laurel's makeup. Lily and Sarah managed the curling of Laurel's hair while Irene and the others prepared her gown and veil. 
"Can't I see it now?" Laurel asked with a little pout. "I'm going to be wearing it."
"Indulge me?" Raven chuckled. "It's not a tradition, but it should be."
Laurel sighed but agreed, enjoying having them fuss over her. When Laura had gotten married, Sarah had been the only person to help her. Her parents had been too busy mingling with the nobles to see their daughter. 
In hindsight, she had barely noticed because she was so excited. 
"All done!" Raven said, stepping back. "Close those eyes and we'll get you in your gown!"
Laurel smiled and closed her eyes before reaching out. Someone helped her stand and step up into her gown and up onto the tailor's stand. 
Raven chuckled as Laurel allowed them to adjust the ties of the dress and arrange the skirt and veil as required. Her eyes burned a little as Lily brought the box Adolph had sent ahead for Laurel. She opened it and hummed. Irene let out a low whistle.
"It's polished."
Raven scoffed, "If there was one thing we can trust His Majesty to do it is to cover all the details."
She lifted the circlet of twining gold leaves, rubies, diamonds, and emeralds out of the box and hooked the veil onto it. Sarah let out a little gasp of awe while Lily wiped her eyes. 
"Almost there," Raven told Laurel and set the circlet on her head. She stepped back to admire the vision Laurel was in her gown. 
"I don't think there will ever be a more beautiful bride," Aria said. 
"Go on and open your eyes, dear."
Laurel opened her eyes and met her gaze in the mirror. She gasped seeing the young woman in the mirror. The gown was beautiful. Gold and silver leaves trailed along her bodice and over the skirt of her dress that was cut close to her hips, accentuating her curves. 
For a moment, she saw Laura standing beside her smiling and teary at her. The Laura in the mirror nodded at her before flashing a winning smile and walking away. Her black hair swayed in an invisible wind and she vanished. 
Laurel felt her knees go a bit weak and she felt a little dizzy, but it passed. 
Laurel looked at Raven, "Thank you for everything."
Raven grinned, "Just make sure you keep His Majesty out of too much trouble and we'll call it even."
Laurel laughed, "I'll do my best!"

******
Adolph stood in front of the mirror, fixing his tie. Basil sat quietly nearby while Henry, Liam, and Dorian were chatting, teasing him as they pleased. Chasel smiled at him through the mirror. 
"It warms my heart to see you so happy," Chasel said with a grin. "I'm sure the men are just as happy."
Adolph scoffed, "While I'm on my honeymoon, I expected you to keep them up to standard."
Chasel chuckled, "If you have the time to think about the men training while on your honeymoon, Your Majesty, you need another mode of instruction."
Henry and Dorian cackled as Adolph gave him a wolfish grin through the mirror.
"Noted."
Basil looked between them, feeling out of place. He had never seen his father so happy, fixing his tie and shrugging into his ceremonial jacket trimmed with red azaleas and gold. He ran a hand through his hair and turned from the mirror to look at Basil. 
"What is it, son?"
Basil swallowed, looking at him. What was there to say? How could he protest his father's happiness after everything he'd learned and all the things he suspected? What did he know about choosing a wife? He was beginning to wonder if he knew anything about choosing a mate either. 
"Congratulations, father," Basil said, solemnly.
Adolph's smile turned warm, and he clapped a hand on his shoulder, "Have a drink with your father, hm?"
Basil's eyes glistened as he looked up at him and nodded, shakily, getting to his feet to follow him to the bar where Henry had already set out a circle of glasses of whiskey. Chasel joined them at the table and Henry lifted his glass high. 
"To happiness!" Henry cheered. "And beautiful women!"
Adolph laughed as they clinked their glasses together and he glanced at Chasel with a smirk.
"So, when are you going to get married Chasel?"
"As soon as I can stop worrying about you," Chasel quipped earning a peal of laughter. 
A knock sounded on the door announcing that the ceremony was going to start soon. 
They finished their drinks and headed out of the room. Henry and Dorian were singing an old army song about returning from war to the arms of a lover. Basil had never heard it, but every knight they passed joined in with warm smiles as they saluted the group as they passed. 
When he'd married Laura, he hadn't had anyone to toast with before the ceremony. Even his marriage to Delia had been without anyone to join in his joy. He had never imagined being able to walk down the corridors of the castle with his terrifying father and his relatives in such a mood. 
The Mirabelle men were known for calm reserve and elitism. He loved his grandfather, but he couldn't help but wonder what it would have been like to grow up among the extended Raymond family.
They reached the great hall to the rhythmic thud of spears on the ground and fists on shields, welcoming and announcing Adolph's arrival at the hall. His grandfather and his great uncle stood with the ministers looking dour as they entered, but Basil doubted it was because Adolph refused to have them in his dressing room.
He found a place among the crowd as Adolph walked to the altar to stand with the priestess Basil suspected was another relative. Soon, Delia came to stand with him from the entrance of the hall. He saw Irene and several other women. Lily and Sarah stepped aside to stand at Sam and Lynn's sides near the entrance.
Then there was Raven, leading Laurel into the hall. He was breathless. 
Adolph's stomach fluttered with joy and it took everything in him to wait until she walked to him. She seemed paler than usual, but the lush red of the roses and azaleas in her bouquet made her white gown seem to glow like moonlight. The traces of gold through her veil and twined with rubies, emeralds, and diamonds around her temple seemed to glow, calling to him and lovely. She was a vision come to life.
He wanted to tell her that, but he couldn't find the words, barely able to breathe around his awe. His wolf watched her with an apt fascination as she walked towards him. His heart clenched at the bouquet in her hands, all twenty-seven blooms were there as if she was walking out of the history of his family and the werewolf kingdom. Raven had outdone herself.
She smiled sweetly as she reached him. He bowed and offered her his hand. Her fingers were cold and trembling as she placed her hand in his. Adolph pulled her closer to stand on the platform with him. The priestess' voice was warm and gentle as she recited the oaths they were meant to take.  He listened with half an ear as he looked at Laurel, looking forward to their future. 
Laurel smiled up at him even though the world was rocking around her. She felt nauseous, but she focused on the happiness in her heart. Alice grew still and quiet as if she were falling asleep. 
 "I do," Adolph said, bringing her out of the shifting shadows that were taking over her vision. Her chest grew tighter as she squeezed the bouquet in her hand. 
She just had to hold until it was her turn to agree. She just had to hold on and then she could find somewhere to rest.
"Do you swear before the moon goddess and all present to bear the burden of duty as mate, luna, and queen to His Majesty, King Adolph Raymond?"
"I-" 
Adolph's smile was stained red. His eyes widened in horror as she felt the pain in her chest explode as she choked. The scent of blood, metallic and bitter, filled her nose and the shadows swarmed, pulling her into darkness as someone screamed and the bouquet slipped from her hands.
###chapter 64: Call For Blood
"Laurel!" Adolph screamed, drawing her close. His voice trembled as she remained limp in his arms. "Laurel!"
Chasel's blood ran cold as panic and fear rippled through the room. He let the fear pass over him and turned to the nearest knight who seemed frozen in shock. Lynn looked like he was going to be sick. Sam's teeth were bared, furious and helpless.
"No one leaves the castle ground," Chasel said. Sam's head snapped to look at him. "Everyone from the guests to the lowest stable boy is to be confined on-premises. Close the gates and every path out of the castle."
"By your order," Sam said with a stiff nod before running to spread the order. He turned to Lynn who was tense and staring at him, awaiting orders. 
"Spread the word, the Imperial City is on lockdown. No one leaves the city until the culprit is caught. Don't spook the citizens. The culprit may attempt to escape during the panic. I want barricades erected and guard posted on every major and minor road out of the city within the hour then the less known routes. "
"Yes, sir!" Lynn said, running from the hall.
Lily and Sarah looked at Chasel beseeching and terrified, but he could address them personally. He looked at Lily. 
"Have the kitchen staff gathered, detained, and accounted for in a parlor near the lunar parlor."
Lily nodded stiffly and turned. Sarah hesitated to look back towards the front of the room before running after her, likely to help. Sarah sniffled, trying to fight the tears as she thought of Laura. She couldn't be in the room, so she followed Lily, tears streaming down her face and hurrying to gather the kitchen staff while Lily went to organize all the other staff into other parlors. 
When Sarah and Lily had disappeared down the hallway, Chasel called the two knights from in the hallway into the room to guard the door and turned back to scan the crowd as people began to gasp and panic. Adolph was calling Laurel's name almost frantically, but it was his duty to carry out the will of the king. Adolph would call for blood whether or not Laurel survived the assassination attempt and it was his job to make sure the proper blood could be spilled. 
No one stuck out to him at first glance, but Gavin's gaze seemed almost hopeful. The ministers looked as though they were holding their breaths in terror and uncertainty. Chasel slipped through the crowd carefully, casting his gaze around. For a moment, he locked gazes with Raven who nodded slightly and went back to scanning the room as she approached Adolph slowly. Henry was just behind her, just close enough to jump in front of her if Adolph tried to attack her. 

******
Delia watched on, shocked a bit that Tina had succeeded when she had failed. Eden moved out of the corner of her eye. He was closer to the front of the room, but she could see his profile. There was a flash of shock before his expression turned cold and furious and smoothing out. Her stomach flipped at the display of control as he started making his way towards the front of the room.
Adolph heard nothing but his own voice calling Laurel's name and begging her to say something. Her eyes rolled back into her head, her eyelids twitched as she began to convulse. He couldn't breathe. His chest grew tight and his wolf howled in fury. 
He felt his power rippling, threatening burst free of his control. It was familiar. He never wanted to feel it again, but he couldn't find a way to calm himself. 
Laurel was dying. How much longer did she have? What could he do? Who could he kill for this?
"Your Majesty," the priestess said gently. "If I may?"
He panted, heaving and glaring at the woman getting closer to him and reaching for Laurel. He knew she wasn't a threat, but he pulled Laurel closer to him as she continued to shake. He saw the flicker of red light jump between them as the priestess approached. 
Her Raymond blue eyes were calm and clear, honest and concerned. He knew that. He knew this woman wasn't his enemy, but his mate was dying and he was powerless to do anything.  
"I have medical knowledge," she said, gently. "Please let me help her if I can."
"Adolph," Raven said gently. He turned his head looking at her and meeting her gaze. Her blue eyes were just the same. Her voice was soothing, familiar: family. There was a quality to her voice that he recognized as closer than just family. "Let her help."
He swallowed and looked down at Laurel's pale face, breathing deeply trying to calm himself before nodding stiffly. She kneeled, and he lowered Laurel to the ground to let her examine her before turning to the rest of the assembly. 
They all drew back as Raven stepped just outside of his peripheral. A growl rumbled from his chest as he dragged his gaze across the group. His mind slipped in and out of the darkness and red haze of fury. 
Laurel's heartbeat was erratic like a frightened bird and growing weaker. He took a step feeling his power ebb and rush to the corners of the room. 
Someone let out a frightened gasp and he saw the ministers stumble and fall. He darted across the room, grabbing the minister of finance and growling at him as the other ministers collapsed. Gavin had already broken away and ran towards the door.
"What do you know?" He growled, the man in his grasp trembled and fainted, slumping terrified and useless in his grip. He turned to an alpha he recognized as someone lobbying for power through the nobles and snarled at him. "Was it you?"
The man flinched away throwing up his hands in a sign of surrender. 
Gavin reached the door as Adolph had turned on another group of people biting out harsh questions. 
"No one is to leave," the guards said, blocking his path. "By order of the Royal Beta."
"Get out of my way, you lowly soldier!" Gavin shrieked, "Don't you see what's happening? I'm not going to stay here and be murdered!"
The guards shoved him back several steps, glaring at him and flashing their teeth. 
"No one is to leave."
Another gasp of horror rippled through the room and Gavin turned and froze. Red light flickered and sparked around Adolph as he stood alone. The air seemed to shudder and heat around him. The scent of blood filled the air and oppressive darkness like the grim reaper's presence drifted over the room as Adolph snarled. 
"If she dies" Adolph growled as the red light grew and leaped out, pushing people nearby away from him. 
His eyes flickered with light then the red began to grow until his eyes were two burning red points in his face. Another terrified gasp filled the room and Gavin turned back to push against the guards. 
"Get out of my way!"
Eden remained perfectly still, listening to Gavin's panicking voice and allowing Adolph's burning red gaze to pass over him. He kept his heart rate calm and observed Adolph as he clenched his hands and glared at the crowd. Fury was rolling off him in waves, but the madness of a rogue hadn't taken over yet. 
Adolph was still able to form words. 
"On my faith in the moon goddess, everyone responsible will die."
Eden gasped as a true spike of terror went through him as an illogical possibility went through his mind. Had Adolph passed over the threshold of becoming a true rogue once before and returned to his sanity successfully? It would make sense as to why he seemed able to control himself even though the sparking red lights were strong enough to push people back. 
Was that in some way the source of Adolph's incredible strength?
It was an incredible theory, but one that felt more plausible the longer Adolph remained glaring at the crowd, daring anyone to move. 
There was nothing to be done for now other than to hope Laurel didn't die and wait until he could get Delia alone to figure out what she'd done. 
Her breathing was erratic, indicative of oleander poisoning in wolves, but she was also convulsing as if she had ingested wolfsbane. Even at the smallest dose, a few drops of either should have meant death within the hour, yet Laurel was still alive.
He didn't know much about werewolves. Was it possible that certain wolves had resistance to poison? Was Laurel one of them? It would explain why she was still alive if she'd ingested either poison, let alone both
Slowly, the red light started to subside. Adolph's breathing slowed and the shaking that had taken over his body lessened and coalesced to an intermittent tremor in his arm, barely noticeable even at proximity.
"No one is to leave the castle," Adolph growled. "If you attempt and are caught, you will be killed on suspicion of treason."
###chapter 65: Barely Calm
A shudder went through the room at the mention of treason. The kingdom's law regarding treason was one of the harshest laws they had: death by drawing and quartering.  The last time someone had been accused of treason, the king left their body scattered until the wild beasts consumed every piece of flesh and refused to let the traitor's family hold any form of funeral rites. 
In that man's defense, the traitor had murdered his luna. 
Chasel knew that if Adolph had to follow in his father's footsteps in that way, he wouldn't stop at drawing and quartering. The late king had been a fearsome man, but he had come into the war a lot older than when Adolph had gone in. He hadn't been so steeped in blood that his aura and scent had begun to smell of it. 
Chasel shuddered.
"So says His Majesty," Chasel said, calling forth a resounding salute of acknowledgment from the guards in the hall.
Chasel approached Adolph slowly, taking stock of how he shook and the glints of red light in his eyes. It had been close, but Adolph had been controlling himself on the edge of madness for years.
"I have ordered the city to be locked down and all those within the castle to be detained for interrogation." 
Adolph looked at him, focused and centering himself, taking slow and measured breaths.
"Start with the kitchen staff and everyone related to her breakfast this morning." 
Chasel met his gaze, "Everyone in attendance?"
Adolph was about to exclude Raven and his family, but Raven stepped forward.
"Everyone in attendance this morning can at least wait together," Raven said. "Though we ware guiltless, we may have seen something that might be vital."
Adolph's lips twitched into a ghost of a smile. He nodded at Raven in gratitude and acknowledgment. Raven, Irene, and the others had always been on his side. He never questioned their loyalty, but excluding them would only add fire to the political nightmare that was unfolding. Besides, it was best to put them in the room with as many other people who would have had the chance to poison Laurel. He knew their instincts were just as good as his were if not better.
He needed all the eyes and ears he could manage to figure out who was behind it. He had a handful of suspects, but wouldn't let his suspicions change the investigation. The vampire queen likely had spies in the kingdom, but finding just one of them wouldn't solve the problem. 
He needed to find the general over the spies that were here and that would require setting a trap enticing enough. He'd have to give them another chance at their objective, but he had to find out if their objective was Laurel's death or his insanity.
He didn't know how much the vampire queen knew about werewolves, but he knew a great deal about vampires to spot one on sight. There were none around. He hadn't even caught a whiff of a vampiric stench which meant that vicious woman had hired werewolves to spy on him and betray their own race. It was smart and almost as despicable as her continued existence.
He turned back to the priestess whose brow was furrowed in a deep frown in the shadow of her hood.
"What can you tell me?" Adolph asked.
"She's been poisoned with a mixture of wolfsbane and crimson oleander," she said, her voice was tense. "She is quite lucky to be alive."
He recognized wolfsbane. It was the same poison that had tainted the food that had led to Jack Miller's death, but he wasn't familiar with crimson oleander. He would have to ask more about it or find some information about it in the library.
Right now, he just needed to know that she would be alright, no matter how long it took. 
She had to be alright.
"Will she recover?"Adolph asked, bracing for the worst answer possible though his heart clenched with hope.
She looked up at Adolph and smiled, "Yes, she will. Even in the smallest of doses, wolfsbane is lethal as is crimson oleander. Together, even a drop of it in a dish would be certain death If the moon goddess meant for her to die, she would have done so long before the ceremony."
Adolph shuddered at the relief that washed over him, "Can you tell how long it's been since she was poisoned?"
She shook her head, "No, but I can tell you that the only way to guarantee the efficacy of either poison is to have the target ingest it."
It meant he'd been right to start with the kitchens. Given that no one else who had been at the brunch seemed to be affected, it had been a targeted attack. The thought made his hand shake with fury.
She looked back down at Laurel,  "She will need an antidote to avoid any adverse side effects. Anyone with instructions can make it, but it requires rather hard to get flowers from the southern regions of the kingdom."
"I'll send my fastest riders, just tell me what she needs." He'd go himself if it would save her. "Make a list and it will be done."
"Your Majesty, if I may?" He turned to look at Eden. His instincts were telling him that he wasn't wrong about something being off about him, but he held his tongue and eyed Eden carefully. 
"You may."
"My caravan has just returned from the south to collect medicinal herbs. There's a chance that we may have what is needed as we supply hospitals in other parts of the kingdom."
Adolph didn't want to let Eden near Laurel or anywhere near the priestess treating Laurel, but he relented. It would take longer than he was willing to allow to try and find a different merchant to procure whatever was needed if they had it. 
Since they supplied several hospitals, there was a large chance they had at least some if not all of what was needed. His wolf growled in frustration, remembering the way Eden acted with Laurel, but he calmed his wolf by focusing on the possibility of getting Laurel back on her feet as soon as possible.
"You will assist the priestess in treating Laurel for as long as she needs you after you've been interviewed."
Eden bowed, "As you wish, Your Majesty."
"Chasel," Adolph said, "Interview Eden first so he can help the priestess. When a list of what is needed is procured, arrange proper compensation for him and his caravan as well."
He had Sam and Lynn organize the move of the guests to separate rooms to be detained until he could begin interrogations before lifting Laurel from the ground and carrying her to her room with the priestess and Eden trailing behind him. 
He lay Laurel in her bed gently, wiping the blood from her mouth and kissing her cold hand. 
"Please," Adolph said, his voice growing rough with emotion. "Look after her."
She smiled at him, her eyes aglow with a mystic light as she nodded. 
"The white and black wolf must stand in defense of the goddess' chosen kingdom," she said and Adolph felt a warm presence drift over him, familiar and otherworldly. "On the moon's light, you have my word. She will recover."
He nodded and turned to leave. Assigning a new guard at her door and organizing the rotation of guards. She wouldn't be left unguarded for a moment and only Eden, Lily, Sarah, and a handful of other people would be allowed to see her until she was well again. 
He stopped in an empty corridor to take a deep breath and clear his mind. He couldn't afford the fury or to rush if he meant to catch the culprit and make sure no one ever tried again. When he caught them, he'd make a grim and bloody example of them. 
"Your Majesty?" Chasel said from down the hallway. He turned his head and looked at him. "Perhaps you should clean up."
He frowned and turned to look at his reflection in the mirror. His face was splattered with blood. His stomach turned and his wolf growled with fury as the memory of Laurel's smile faltering came to mind. 
*Fear struck through him. Then her body trembled and jerked as she opened her mouth and the wet, metallic splash of blood caught him in the face as if she had been skewered with a sword on the battlefield.*
He shuddered and clenched both fists before nodding. Chasel set a bowl of water beside him with a towel. 
"I've walked into the heart of vampire territory with you, Your Majesty," Chasel said. "We'll find the person behind this."
Adolph dipped the towel into the water and unbuttoned the top knots of his jacket before washing his face. 
"On the bright side, I'm pretty sure you've scared the ministers at least half straight and maybe your son too."
"Doubtful," Adolph said, dropping the towel back into the bowl. "It takes intelligence to feel fear, not greed."
Chasel nodded and remained silent beside him as he pulled himself together. He was barely calm enough to speak rather than growl menacingly, but he didn't think he'd find a way to get calm any time soon.

###chapter 66: Panic
Delia and Tina had retreated to Delia's room after the ceremony, but Delia wasn't sure how long they had before being brought in for questioning. Tina panted and wrung her hands as Delia tried to figure out where she would manage to hide the empty vial she'd been carrying all day. It might not be poison since Adolph seemed unaffected at the ceremony, but she wasn't going to chance being caught with it if she could help it. 
*Eden's grey eyes glinted through the shadows as he followed Adolph and the priestess up the stairs and Delia rounded the corner trying to reach the stairs to her room.*
His expression had been neutral, but his eyes had been furious. She worried her lip. What if he decided to pull her from the mission? It wasn't her fault! He would understand once she explained the situation. 
She had no idea what was going on or how Adolph was completely fine! Maybe it hadn't been poison, and she'd misunderstood what he meant by advance in which case none of this had anything to do with her.
A knock sounded on the door before it opened. 
"How rude-"
"Lady Delia and Tina, we are on orders to take you to the lunar parlor to wait." 
"I'm the wife of the prince, surely I can wait in my room-"
"Anyone who resists will be taken to the dungeon for at least a month on the Royal Beta's order," the man said stiffly. "Come with us by choice, Miss Delia, or be taken to the dungeon by force."
Delia ducked her head and followed though she didn't do it quickly. Tina followed in complete silence until they reached the first floor. The guard opened the door to the lunar parlor and the first person Delia saw was Raven, holding her teacup without a care in the world. Her blue eyes shifted for just a moment and landed on Delia as they entered. 
Delia flinched under her gaze before marching in and making sure to seem as annoyed with the situation as possible. She had to sell her indignation as thoroughly as possible.
"This is absolutely ridiculous! Wait until Basil hears about the way you're treating me!"
The next person to enter was Basil.
"Ah," Irene said, looking at him over her shoulder. "I can only hope you are here for your wife or your nanny?"
Tina approached him, "Prince Basil, surely you can persuade them otherwise? I've been a loyal servant for so many years I don't deserve to be interrogated like some common criminal!"
Basil pat her shoulder, "You don't need to worry. You'll be excused."
Irene watched Basil and wondered if Basil was truly an idiot or just too simple to think. She and Raven spoke often about what Gavin's influence was doing to him in his youth, but to see him past his majority still without a clue was almost heartbreaking. 
She would have to offer her formal condolences to Adolph when she got a chance for being such a great man, a great king, with such a deplorable heir.
Her uncle would be heartbroken if he was still alive to see what his grandson had become. 
Still, it was interesting to watch the three of them together. Delia seemed nervous and hiding it. Tina was outright nervous, though whether that was because of the current state of her rapport with Adolph or something else, Irene couldn't tell. 
"Your thoughts?" Irene leaned over to speak in a whisper to Raven. "One wouldn't typically mix crimson oleander with wolfsbane. It would be overkill"
Raven nodded. Irene watched Raven take a glance of the room, hardly blinking the way she did when she was observing someone in particular. Then, a light of an idea passed through Raven's eyes when the door opened again with a few more people. Lily and Sarah walked together into the room and rounded the room to stand near them, eyes downcast and solemn as Sarah sniffled.
Tina shifted closer to their sitting area, standing close enough to listen. Raven let her gaze drift over to Tina as she trembled, hunching into herself. Her eyes were bulging and she seemed to be fidgeting with anything she could. Her eyes jumped around the room though she was trying to move to somewhere inconspicuous. 
Her mother told her when she was just a child that the servants were in the best position to spy as they often evaded critical observation while critically observing every master and guest that entered the house. 
One of the most important lessons their mother and father taught them from a young age was the ability to observe everyone around you without drawing attention to yourself. It had saved her and Adolph's lives many times as children.
Raven met Tina for the first time when Gavin brought Olivia to the palace during a celebration. She'd been Olivia's handmaiden since she was a child, and Raven had hated her at their first meeting. There had always been something duplicitous about Tina. She saw the same thing in Gavin more often than not. She'd speculated once that Gavin and Tina were having an affair of some sort, but she dismissed that notion. Tina was greedy enough to try to start something illicit, but Gavin was smart enough to know that he needed to keep his image as clean as possible. 
That didn't mean that Gavin hadn't taught his daughter his manipulation tactics and hadn't employed them on either his daughter or her handmaiden. With Olivia dead, who was pulling Tina's strings? Gavin? Delia?
She didn't think Basil was aware enough to manage it. After finding out that Lily had succeeded Tina as the head maid, who had taken her position from Maria, she considered Gavin as the ultimate mastermind, but she placed no stock in it. Gavin had little to gain if Laurel was murdered and everything, including his life, to lose. Gavin dealt more in manipulation and control than outright murder. 
Raven smiled, coming upon an idea. She needed to set Tina up to reveal whatever was making her so nervous, be that guilt or otherwise while informing Adolph about her suspicions. When they were children, she and Adolph would pass messages between their tutors and suspicious servants by planting ideas in their minds, usually plausible excuses that would lead them to out their duplicity. 
In the case of suspected poisoning attempts, Maria was their most-used code due to petal jam being the only thing that was served with every meal.
"What happened to Maria?" Raven asked, just loud enough to be heard throughout the room.
Tina's eyes stopped, a flash of an idea went through her eyes and Raven forced herself to remain still and continue with her plan. She wanted to run across the room and force Tina to confess. Irene lifted an eyebrow at her and her lips twitched into a small smile.
Lily spoke, "Maria is head of the kitchen now, Lady Raven. She was already called for interrogation."
Tina's fidgeting eased; she grew relaxed and a little smile appeared on her lips. 
Raven smirked, "Ah, how could I forget the imperial jam at brunch? No one else has the recipe but Maria."
Tina went still before letting out a little breath that made her shoulders drop. Raven sipped her tea and hoped her brother tore Tina to pieces for whatever part she had to play in the assassination attempt.
The door opened again. 
"Prince Basil, Lady Delia, and Tina have been called next."
Basil stepped between them, looking at the two knights. 
"My wife and Tina don't need to be questioned," Basil said as Chasel came through the door, steel-eyed and stoic. "Neither do I. This is ridiculous."
"You will come quietly to be questioned or spend the next month in the dungeons." Chasel's voice sliced through the air like a glinting blade.
Basil glared at him, "You can't do that. I'm-"
"His Majesty has made it clear that everyone is to be questioned In this matter, I act in His Majesty's stead. Your place in line for the throne will not spare you." 
Chasel's eyes narrowed and Basil flinched under his gaze. The cold fury in Chasel's voice seemed to sharpen the edge of his voice. It wasn't often that Chasel used such a tone with anyone, nor let his aura fill the air. It was nearly as bloody as his father's.
"Choose wisely."
Irene smiled and turned to see Chasel. He had grown up well, and Adolph could not have chosen finer beta for his kingdom. They'd known Chasel since they were young. He'd followed Adolph into war under her uncle's banner and stayed at his side. They were as close as brothers.
If there were anyone in the castle anywhere near as furious as Adolph, it would be Chasel on Adolph's behalf. She almost hoped the Basil forced Chasel to subdue him and incarcerate him, but it seemed her cousin had some manner of intelligence. He nodded stiffly, and they followed the guards out. Chasel turned to look at Irene and nodded. 
The ice of his expression softened to something lukewarm and familiar. 
"Thank you, ladies, for your patience. I will return shortly to speak with you."
Irene lifted her cup in salute, "We look forward to it."
Raven turned to smile at Sarah and Lily, "Come sit and have a bit of tea with us, dears."
###chapter 67: Adolph’s Questions
Adolph walked into the room where they brought Maria and took a steadying breath, hearing her weep. He sat across from her and offered her a handkerchief. She took it with a little whimpering cry. 
"Y-Your Majesty Is she okay?"
"The priestess has said she will recover with time."
She nodded stiffly, "That's That's good. I After this I I wish to tender my resignation."
Arthur tilted his head, "Have you passed on the recipes?"
She sniffled, looking up at him with confusion, "The imperial jam's recipe is recorded in the archives, of course."
"Not the imperial jam," Adolph smirked, "*Your* petal jam recipes."
She blinked as he relaxed into his seat, "I'm not prepared to start eating someone else's petal jam, Maria, so I can't allow you to resign."
"B-But" She sniffled. "I Someone I I didn't see it."
"I'm not worried about what you didn't see. I'm worried about what you did."
She nodded, "I-I understand. W-Where should I start?"
"The poison has been determined to be crimson oleander and wolfsbane."
She frowned wiping her face, "I don't understand."
"What?"
"Why use both?" She shook her head. "It doesn't make any sense."
She explained that they were both highly toxic on their own. Combining them had no use other than to drive up the cost of the poison.
"The kitchens are being searched for poison and all the pots are being tested. Though I understand it may be a bit too late for that."
She scoffed, "Not likely. I put Tina on dish duty to keep her busy, but that woman never does anything unless I'm standing over her."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "She's been insubordinate?"
"Of course," Maria scowled. "I stepped aside when Minister Mirabelle and Prince Basil decided to give her my old position. It wasn't a hardship. My first love has always been the kitchens."
He nodded remembering sneaking into the kitchens for snacks in between lessons. Maria had always been glad to give him something for his growing appetite.
"But the woman is more concerned with her connection to the late luna and Prince Basil than the affairs of the castle." She shook her head. "Since she was promoted, she did so little work the other heads of the castle's functions were picking up the slack. I wanted to complain, but Prince Basil wouldn't listen to a word against her. Not even with proof of taking bribes from the employees!"
Adolph scoffed. Of course, his idiot son was mixed up in Tina's prolonged employment. "An issue I must apologize for."
She shook her head, "You were off defending our lives, just as your father had. There is no blame to be placed at your feet for issues inside the castle. I blame the ministers, especially Minister Mirabelle for it."
He made a note to talk more with her about the effect of Gavin and the ministers' actions. There was so much gossip that passed through the kitchen she was bound to know something useful.
"A topic for another time," Adolph said and met her gaze. "Tell me about the preparations."
She started just as he expected her to: with the ingredients. Her testimony was much like a recipe, but he understood that organizing her mind in that way was how she kept the castle and the armed forces fed. She went over where she'd sourced everything for the meal and where it was stored, who watched over it, and every part of the logistics down to the list of servers who had been chosen. 
Though Basil had placed a gate at the entry of the orchard, there was a secret passage Laura had created for the kitchen staff to use for ease of access. The orchard produced enough produce to supplement the kitchens' needs and supply the front lines, but after Laura's death, they had been harvesting the food produced and using the budget to procure meat. She sourced all the produce from the orchard and had the meat slaughtered freshly that morning, transported to the castle under army guard as usual.
She'd picked the flowers by hand as she usually did from the royal gardens while being escorted by the royal gardener. She'd gathered the flowers needed for the jams while the other servants had been gathering the flowers for Laurel's bouquet. 
It was unlikely that someone would have managed to slip oleander or wolfsbane into the jams without her noticing as she was the only maker of the jam for the entire castle and she kept them under lock and key. He frowned as she started to go over the preparation of the meal. She'd overseen every stage of the cooking process, so he ruled out that being the time the poison was added, but there was a detail that stuck out to him. 
"There are no flowers used in any of the dishes?" It was odd since a lot of the usual cuisine used flowers for nearly every dish. 
"No, not for a king's marriage," her jaw trembled. "Even the guests' jam uses a different ratio of flowers than the traditional Crystal Castle recipe or my own."
Adolph took note, "Why?"
"Because of how much the Rosa multiflora, mahoe, and the winter daphne resemble the oleander flower," she said seriously. "It would be like wishing doom upon the wedding to use any of them and they're staples in most varieties of petal jams! They aren't used in any jam eaten at a wedding as far as I know."
He took note of that and thanked her before having the guards escort her back to the kitchens. He glanced over the list and tilted his head. Her assignment lists had been clear. Everyone under her command had an assigned position, even Tina. She'd been on dish washing duty since she'd been sent back to the kitchen.
So why had she been named as someone who had been in the lunar parlor that morning? If he recalled, they said that she pushed in the cart carrying the luna's food ahead of the rest of the servants.
The door opened as he decided to interview Tina next.
"Sir, we've tested all of the dishes in the kitchen," the knight walked in. "The pots and pans used were all poison-free. The only bowl with traces of oleander or wolfsbane was the bowl of the king."
Adolph stood. He would make sure to tell Maria that she had no fault in any of this. The food hadn't been poisoned in the kitchen but sometime between the kitchen and delivery.
"Keep that information secret Bring Basil to this room. Take Delia to the north room and take Tina to the west I'll be over Tina's interrogation. Have them brought within the half-hour."
Adolph left the interrogation room for a breath of fresh air and a break. He took the fastest path to Laurel's room. The guards nodded at him as he came down the hallway. He entered the room quietly, hoping that by some miracle she was sitting up in bed and could tell him that she was perfectly alright.
The priestess had set up a small working set-up on the table in the antechamber. The scent of crushed flowers filled the air and something tangy like vinegar twined with it. It was a medicinal scent that made him feel a little better. Eden was crouched beside the fire drawing a pot of boiling water out of the fire as the priestess ground flowers in a mortar. 
She looked up and held his gaze, her clear Raymond blue eyes were trying to tell him something and he nodded, telling her that he would hear what she had to say later.
"Your Majesty," the priestess said softly, smiling up at him. "My I haven't seen you this nervous in all my years of knowing you."
He smiled lightly, "I think you know I have every reason to be nervous."
She wiped her hands on the apron she wore and waved him around the table towards the door to Laurel's room. He glanced at Eden as he brought the boiling water over to the table and began to ladle some of it into the mortar and grind the flowers.
"Before I let you in," she said, pulling him from watching Eden. "I have to tell you that she will recover. We haven't given her the first dose yet. She'll need to take it for at least a few weeks even after she wakes up."
He nodded stiffly, "I only want to see her for a bit."
"Of course." She nodded and stepped aside. "You remind me of your father."
Adolph smiled at her, "You would know best, wouldn't you?"
She chuckled and nodded him inside before turning back to pick up her work. 
Laurel lay still, barely breathing in the center of the bed. Her gown had been removed and likely destroyed. When they married, he wouldn't want her to wear the gown again. 
The memory of her blood staining the white of that gown, mingling with the gold and silver thread around her color nearly made him sick. 
*Blood spilled out of the corner of her mouth in a long red stream as she fell into him.* 
*"Laurel!"*
He shuddered, hearing his voice calling her name from his memories and the spike of panic that went through him. His wolf was still prowling and furious, demanding blood, wanting to tear through the castle to find the culprit. 
He felt the edges of a blackout rage ebb and recede as he sat on the edge of the bed and took her hand, smiling at the ring and the charms dangling from her wrist. The warmth of her hand and the sight of her breathing calmed him. 
He hadn't chosen the next charm yet, but it was something else to focus on to keep calm and rational. He hadn't explained how anxious he'd been about not having a mate in his youth. He hadn't allowed himself to think about all the time he'd lost on the battlefield before he'd married Olivia.
He bowed his head and pressed a kiss to her hand before standing and pressing a kiss to her cool forehead. 
"I'll find who did this, Laurel. You have my word." He nuzzled her gently. "Wake up soon, love."
He turned and found Eden coming into the room carrying a bowl of heated water. Adolph observed him for a moment before lifting his head to meet his gaze. His eyes were neutral, devoid of emotion, not even fear. It was odd and set his wolf on edge at how still he was.
His heart didn't speed up. He just seemed to be staring at Adolph and waiting for him to speak.
"Thank you, Eden," he said, watching every flicker in his eyes. "For looking after Laurel."
His grey eyes turned warm as he lowered his gaze to Laurel's face.
"I am only doing it for Laurel's sake. You don't need to thank me."
He nodded, mulling over his thoughts as his instincts were nudging him. 
"We should speak formally about your merchant caravan," Adolph said. "You and your operation have proved indispensable."
"As you wish," he murmured, casting his gaze low. Adolph left then. 
There was something off about Eden. He didn't think Eden was behind the poisoning attempt, but he wasn't a simple human, just caught in the crossfires of werewolf politics. There was something unnervingly placid about him like the surface of a lake hiding a deadly beast in its depths.

###chapter 68: Adolph’s Fury
Adolph stopped at the door of the west parlor and forced himself to take a deep breath before entering. The first thing he noticed was that Tina was nervous. Everything about her movements and the shifting of her eyes said she was nervous. Adolph observed her as he walked to the table and sat across from her. 
"Tell me what you did today, starting from this morning."
"Y-Your Majesty, for all the years of my service-"
"Spare me," Adolph hissed. "Do not speak if you don't intend to tell me what I want to know."
She nodded and seemed to steady herself, starting with her duties in the morning. She'd reported to the kitchens and was assigned to manage the food delivery to the lunar and azalea rooms. She'd taken the cart meant for Laurel's room and pushed it there before serving the food. After brunch, she'd returned to the kitchens and helped with the banquet preparations.
"Then, I returned to my room."
Adolph tilted his head, "And?"
"That's all, Your Majesty."
"My knights reported that you were with Delia when they went to retrieve her and bring her back to the lunar parlor."
She flinched, "Oh, well, yes."
"Are you and Delia close?"
"Yes," she said, proudly. "She's said that she wouldn't want anyone else to care for Prince Basil's son."
Adolph eyed her carefully. That hadn't been a real answer to his question, but he passed over it. To Tina, a connection to the royal family, in any manner, was a sign of closeness. She might have even thought it would get her some measure of leniency when he made her confess.
"Why were you in her rooms?"
"I often go there on my breaks and when I am done for the day to check on her." She sniffed, "I don't believe her handmaidens treat her with due respect."
Adolph was certain she hadn't outright lied yet, but there was something he had yet to start checking. 
"How did you know which cart to take to Laurel's room?" 
Tina frowned, "What do you mean? They were identical."
It wasn't a lie, but it wasn't true. Anyone who had been a part of the planned roster of servants would be able to tell the carts apart by the discreet azalea and lunar engravings on the handles.
"Laurel's tray had lunar flowers on the handles. Mine bore azaleas."
"Well, that wasn't explained to me. Seems like Maria should stick to making jam instead of trying to run the kitchens!" 
Adolph watched her carefully, the words poking at his memories. He knew she'd been in the room with Raven before being brought here, but had she been there long enough for Raven to plant this idea in her head, or had she thought of this herself?
"There was a reason I was made head maid, after all," Tina scoffed. "To forget to specify which tray was made for who is a mistake I never would have made."
Her eyes seemed to grow more steady and upset. The rigidness in her posture faded as she kept on. It was clear that Tina resented being under Maria's direction now. She thought herself better than Maria because Maria had been the head maid after running the kitchens for years while Tina had been hand-picked by Gavin and served Olivia for years before coming to the palace.
It was nonsense, but he was glad that Tina was affirming Maria's testimony.
"As I remember, when I went took control of the cart, there wasn't even a bowl on it!" Tina said, relief and confidence filling her eyes. "She should be fired at least for using poisonous flowers to make the imperial jam!" 
The jam used for both brunches were equal halves of the same batch of the imperial jam. The recipe was different from the royal petal jam usually served with meals, and no one would know that there was a difference, or even what it was called, unless they had been a part of the preparations. According to Maria, Tina wasn't a part of the preparations in any way. She wasn't even allowed to help cook or gather ingredients for normal meals.
Tina also hadn't been in the room when the priestess said that Laurel had been poisoned with oleander and wolfsbane, so how did she know the type of poison used enough to point to the jam as the method of poisoning? 
Raven had planted the idea in Tina's head and, as always, been right in her suspicions. Tina was responsible for at least one of the poisons. He tightened his fist and forced himself to remain calm. 
Who could have known that the games he and Raven played to suss out traitors in the palace were still useful? He wanted to jump across the table, but he focused on getting whatever else he could out of her.
"How did you know that the poison came from a flower?"
She gasped and her eyes widened, "Y-Your Majesty, please, I haven't. I didn't-I don't--"
She broke off as he snarled at her, pale and frightened. The door opened and Chasel entered with a parchment. He glanced at Tina with a scowl.
"Lily states that both carts left the kitchen fully loaded. The servants chosen to deliver the food went back inside the kitchen to get the other carts ready. When they returned the lunar cart was missing as were both bowls of soup." Chasel met his gaze, "The luna's fifth bowl was found in a hallway in another part of the castle."
Tina seemed confused and Adolph glared at Tina, "You haven't answered the question, Tina."
"I-I didn't! I don't." She shook her head. "I just-"
"The soup served to all the guests, including myself and Laurel, came from the same pot, and the pot has been already been tested for poison and found clean." 
"W-Well t-the bowl-"
"Which you confess to being the only one in possession of?" Adolph said; she flinched. "You just said when you took the cart, you took the bowl off the other cart and placed it on the cart you took to Laurel."
"Your M-Majesty, I-"
"Confess and I may show you mercy," Adolph asked.
"I-" She shut her mouth and trembled, drooping her head. "I Yes. I-I poisoned her soup."
"Who were you working with?"
"No one! I swear. I" Tina sniffled. "That wretched girl can't take my mistress' place!" 
Adolph glared at her, "You were planning to kill a young woman for your delusions!"
"I-I swore to her that I would never see another woman in her place," Tina gasped. "I promised her. And she's hardly a woman! She's a seventeen-year-old girl!"
Chasel sneered, "What a twisted promise. You should have just left the palace!"
"I couldn't!" She cried, "I couldn't just let it happen. I-I had planned to take the poison, but I don't deserve to die! That girl doesn't deserve to sit where my mistress sat! She isn't worthy!"
"Where is the bottle you had the poison in?" Chasel asked. "Where did you get it from?'
"Luna Olivia gave it to me," she said, trembling and pulling out a small ornate bottle Adolph recognized from years ago. "She said it was made of oleander."
He picked it up, sneering at the vial and handing it to Chasel, "Have it tested to be sure, and take her to the dungeons to await sentencing."
She wailed in panic, "No! Your Majesty, please! Think of my mistress! Think of her!"
The guards hauled her onto her feet and dragged her out of the room as Adolph turned over her testimony. He'd use this against Gavin in the coming days, but there was something else troubling. Oleander was much easier to get than wolfsbane, and where had Laurel's actual bol gone?
It was clear that there was someone else involved who was not involved with the preparations or wanted to seem as though they weren't involved in the preparations. But who?
"What are you thinking?" Chasel asked. 
"There was more than one attempt at assassination today."
Chasel frowned, "What do you mean?"
"One of the poisons was meant for me the other was meant for Laurel."
Tina hadn't come upon the idea to poison Laurel without some push, but even if she did, she was being used as a cover for someone else. 
Who was pulling Tina's strings?
Gavin? Basil? Delia?
It was too early to tell for sure, but Tina was his best chance to lure the other culprit out. Once they realized that they had failed, they would try again so long as they felt it safe enough to do so. 
"Keep the details a secret," Adolph said. "They won't try again if they don't think it's safe to."
"Of course," Chasel said. "What is your will regarding Tina?"
He considered it and smirked. He needed to test his ministry. They knew they were all on thin ice with him. 
"The ministers need to work," he smirked. "We'll hold a formal trial."
With any luck, he'd glean an idea of where to look for the other culprit.

###chapter 69: Mistake
Basil looked at his father in horror as Tina was dragged into the hall and put before his throne. Tina curled up, sobbing pitifully. 
"Pl-Please have mercy. I don't want to die. I don't want to die."
"Father," Basil said. "Does she not deserve leniency for all of her years of service? It's probably just a mistake!"
Adolph looked at Basil, "Tina. Do you confess to the crime of attempted murder?"
Tina sobbed, "I-I Y-Yes. I"
Basil's eyes widened. He paled and he closed his mouth in shock. Adolph was grateful that he didn't need to keep Basil on his list of potential threats. For all of his stupidity, Basil was still his son and heir.
"I I only did it for Luna Olivia," she cried. "Please, you have to understand!"
"What say the ministers for sentencing?" Adolph asked, and looked at Gavin. "Minister Mirabelle as she was once a servant of your house, you may speak first."
Her eyes turned bright and hopeful looking up at Gavin. 
"No true servant of my family would ever have attempted murder," Gavin sneered. "Let alone someone so vital to His Majesty!"
Adolph narrowed his eyes, intrigued by Gavin's stance as Tina shuddered. 
"My daughter would be ashamed of you."
Tina choked on a sob and started to bawl, collapsing to the floor. Adolph looked at Basil who looked distinctly uncomfortable at the display. No one else spoke for a while before Adolph decided he had nothing else to learn from the ministers. 
They may resent him and his marriage to Laurel, but they weren't bold enough to try and kill him or Laurel. He would have to look elsewhere and keep an eye on them in case they started to think murder was a viable option. 
"Very well. I find you guilty of attempted murder," Adolph said. "By law, you are eligible for execution."
Basil drew in a sharp breath as Tina shuddered. 
"However, death would be too merciful a sentence," Adolph said. "Instead, you will be placed in the lowest part of the dungeon. There you will remain until your last breath. Take her away."
Tina shrieked in terror as the guards advanced to lift her from the floor and take her to the dungeons. He glanced at Basil who looked haunted and a bit nauseous as Tina's screams faded down the corridor. 
"Now," Adolph said, "To the matter of acting luna. While Laurel is recovering, Lady Raven of the Black Mountain Pack has offered to fill in."
The minister of justice cleared his throat, "With all due respect, it would be gravely offensive to Prince Basil and his new wife to allow such a thing."
Adolph eyed him. "Would it? It would be gravely offensive to me to be told to ignore the fact that Delia is unfit for the position."
"She is the prince's wife," another minister said. "At the very least, she will need the experience for the day you are no longer on the throne."
"Yes, how can she learn to stand at Prince Basil's side without the chance to do so?" Another minister asked. "Basil's late wife, Laura, was given time-"
"And she proved herself more than capable without support or tutelage as I have been told. What has Delia done in the time since her death other than terrorize the servants?"
"Father," Basil began, gripping his fists. "Please give Delia a chance."
Adolph met his gaze. 
"As I recall" Another minister began. "Wasn't Lady Raven in the heart of an imperial issue years ago?"
"Yes, is she the best choice? Going from a seventeen-year-old girl to a political threat doesn't seem to be wise."
Adolph almost smirked at how confused Basil seemed. It was cunning for them to bring up the speculation about Liam's birth and if Raven would try to claim the throne, but Adolph had anticipated it. Raven had anticipated it and they agreed that it was the best chance to get another read on how the ministers felt about Laurel and if they were a threat.
"Very well," Adolph said. "Laurel will only be bedridden for a short term under the priestess and Eden's care. I'm sure Delia cannot do much damage in that short amount of time if she proves herself incapable."
"She won't," Basil said resolutely. 
Adolph smirked, amused at his conviction. He could almost hear Irene's snarky tone.
*Famous last words.*

******
Delia hadn't thought it would be so easy to get the position and the power. If she had, she would have poisoned Laurel ages ago. Gavin gave her a pleased smile as if all of his plans had come to a head.
"From today on, you are the luna," Gavin said. "As you should have been as Basil's wife."
Basil smiled and drew closer to her, "I know Delia will do a great job."
Delia smiled brightly before leaving. She headed upstairs towards the luna's office, planning to look around her new office in hopes to find something useful for the mission and something luxurious to keep. Maybe a bracelet or something?
"Where are you going?"
She froze at the sound of Adolph's voice and turned slowly towards Adolph, but did not look him in the eye. She steadied her breath. 
"The ministers n-named me luna, Your Majesty. I'm going to my office."
Adolph let out a huff of laughter, "Your office is in the opposite direction."
"I'm the-"
"Wife of my son," Adolph said. "And this arrangement is temporary. You will not be given access to Laurel's office."
Delia's jaw trembled as his voice grew soft and borderline menacing. It sent a shiver of fear through her. 
"Go."
She turned sharply and hurried back down the hallway. She didn't go to the office but returned to her room to try and get her heart under control. 
It was fine that she couldn't have the office. She still had the power and the access to all the money. She smirked and looked around before deciding to leave her room. 
She wanted a new bracelet for the terror she'd experienced. Laurel got a charm bracelet made of gold, so she'd get one at least twice as nice as hers.
It took her an hour to find a shop that would sell her a charm bracelet to her standard. She gave them the rest of the money she had on her person before returning to the castle. 
She walked down the hallway, admiring the new bracelet around her wrist before someone grabbed her and pulled her into a room, covering her mouth with a large warm hand. The full warmth of his body pressed up against her made her heart race with excitement as Eden glared down at her. 
She realized that the room had been Laura's office and was now the office she was meant to work out of while Laurel recovered. 
Eden's eyes narrowed, "Explain yourself."
"I don't know what-"
"What did you say to the maid?"
Delia's eyes widened, "What?"
"The maid, Delia. Tina."
Delia frowned and shook her head, "Nothing much. She was"
She blinked up at him, feeling her face warm as he slipped his hand around her neck to cup the nape of her neck, as a dark and sexy smile broke across his face. 
"I'm not in the mood, Delia," he said, in a low rumbling voice. "Talk."
Delia gasped meeting his gaze, "I didn't say much of anything to her. She was crying in front of her mistress' portrait. She had something in her hand. I thought it was poison and I sort of baited her with the idea of taking care of Basil's heir."
He lifted an eyebrow, "Are you pregnant?"
She shuddered, "Of course, not!"
Eden scoffed, "You would have been more useful if you were."
She pouted a bit at the thought, "Why are you so upset? If Laurel and Adolph are gone then-"
"I gave you instructions."
"I followed them!" Delia said. "I poured the whole vial in his dish."
"You poured it into Laurel's bowl."
"How was I supposed to know?" She lifted her chin with pride. "I took the other plate just to be sure they'd give it to the king! Who serves the king second?"
His eye twitched and held out his hand, "Give me the vial."
She pulled it out of her bodice and handed it to him. He tucked it into a hidden pocket in his jacket. 
"You're lucky. That maid has taken the blame for the oleander poisoning, but he'll be suspicious about the wolfsbane and whatever else Tina told him. Next time, be certain about who you are poisoning. Follow the plan, Delia."
She pouted looking up at him, drawing closer, but he pulled back sharply, leaving her to stumble forward. She huffed. 
"What's the problem if she dies? It would just make it easier for the plan to succeed."
Eden turned on her, his eyes flashed and he snarled at her. His teeth seemed oddly sharp as he glared at her. 
"Leave Laurel alone." His fury eased and the cool regard returned. "This is your only warning, Delia."
She clenched her fist as he left. Laurel was more of a barrier than she first thought if even Eden was protecting her. After Adolph was out of the picture, she'd have to find a way to get Laurel out of the way the same way she'd gotten rid of Laura. 
Even Eden didn't know that she'd killed her.

###chapter 70: The Past and Nightmares
The knight cried out in agony as he landed with a hard crash. Adolph's chest heaved as he looked down at the man who curled up on his side, clutching his left shoulder. 
"Your left side is weak."
"My apologies, Your Majesty."
Chasel shook his head as he walked onto the training pitch. He had only taken his eye off of Adolph for a few hours. He had expected him to go and sit by Laurel's bedside as he had been doing, but of course, he hadn't. 
He'd have to apologize to the knights later for his oversight.
"Your Majesty," Chasel called. Adolph turned his head stiffly, his eyes narrowed and too alert.
They were sleepless and agitated. Chasel had been lucky to reach him so quickly and know exactly where Raven was in the castle. 
"Lady Raven would like to speak to you," Chasel said. "She awaits you in the rose parlor."
Adolph was tense, but he nodded stiffly and excused himself from the training pitch. He watched everyone on the pitch let out a solemn breath of relief. 
"My apologies," Chasel said hopelessly. "It's been a rough morning."
The man on the ground forced himself to his knees, clenching his jaw as he got to his feet. 
"Get yourself to the doctor," Chasel said and turned, "End training early today."
The training instructor nodded before Chasel hurried to leave and get on with the search of Tina's room and sussing out any other accomplices.

*******
Raven was seated in the perfect position to be seen when he entered and to see him. He knocked, as polite as ever, before entering. She shook her head. 
"Running around on the training pitch will not make you feel better," Raven scolded. "Neither will torturing your knights."
He grimaced, closing the door behind him and crossing the room. She'd had a full meal prepared by the older staff who had been in the castle since they were children. There were cakes and pies that she knew he didn't indulge in often, a full pot of Maria's special petal jam, and several racks of roasted meat and vegetables to go with their tea and wine. 
"Sit," Raven said, nodding to the couch across from her. He sunk into the seat with a sigh. "You need sleep."
"I can't," he said, clenching his hands together. "I can't rest until-"
"Laurel would tell you not to be ridiculous." He looked up, his eyes wide and glossy. She met his gaze. "She would tell you that you have to take care of yourself to figure out who did this."
Adolph nodded shakily, "I I know."
"Then eat and promise me you'll get some sleep."
Adolph's gaze dropped to the table. His lips twitched as he looked at the table.
"Petal jam?"
She nodded, "The number one way to make sure you eat. I'll be passing on all these secrets to Laurel."
He nodded and grabbed a leg of meat before starting to eat. She watched him eat for a while and when she was sure that he was relaxing she smiled. 
"Laurel is alive and you're doing everything you can," Raven said. "But I'm pretty sure your newest daughter-in-law won't make it long after she's well."
Adolph choked on his food, erupting into laughter that rang through the room. She chuckled watching his eyes twinkle with mirth. 
"Well, I'm sure my son will have some issues with that, but if she brings it upon herself, there's nothing I can do."
Raven grinned, "Don't let Irene hear you say that. She'll just stir the pot. She's already decided that your son is a lost cause and the kingdom is doomed if Delia is our luna for much longer than a week."
He chuckled, looking at her seriously for a moment. 
"I miss you all," Adolph said, his lips twitching with a smile. "I never realized while out on the battlefield how much I missed you all."
There had been no time for wishing to see them. He had barely managed to send letters letting them know that he was still alive, but the absence of them when he'd returned, though it hadn't been exceedingly long, had only added to his exhaustion. 
Raven leaned forward and pat his hand, "I promise we'll come to visit more once you and Laurel are married."
Adolph nodded, "I'd appreciate it if you all moved back into the castle."
Her eyes widened staring at him, shocked into silence. 
"No one knows yet," he said. "But I'm planning to get rid of the ministry. They've overstayed their usefulness and are conspiring against me."
He didn't know what their goal was other than annoying him, but he didn't want to find out and he didn't want to chance them getting any sort of satisfaction.
She gasped, "Adolph"
He smirked, "It's time you all come home and I kick these idiots out."
She laughed, "I look forward to it! Call Irene if you need reinforcements."
Adolph laughed again. His heart was still heavy, but he felt a bit relieved. He ate the rest of the meal, she had brought for him and let her convince him to lay across the couch and nap.
"I won't leave you," Raven said. "Once you've gotten some rest, I'll release you from my custody."
His lips twitched and he sighed, relaxing into the couch. It felt a bit like when he was a child and they would hide in a parlor for a bit of peace.
He wondered what Laurel was dreaming of. Was she dreaming at all? Was she scared? 
"Someone tried to poison me," Adolph said as he slipped off into sleep. 
"Conspiracy talks after your nap," Raven said. "Though Irene and I agree."

*******
*"Now get out of my castle!"*
*Basil's voice chased her as she ran through the howling forest. She wanted to stop and turn around to run somewhere else, but she couldn't turn. She couldn't change her path. She ran to the edge of the cliff and before she could stop a force shoved her forward and over the edge. She tumbled through the darkness and screamed until she found herself in the forest where she'd woken up as Laurel.* 
*"Adolph?" She called through the forest. "Adolph where are you?"*
*She ran through the trees calling for him as her eyes burned until she happened upon an orchard. It was the orchard from the portrait of Adolph in his youth. She heard a horse's hooves galloping towards her as a young Adolph rode towards her.* 
*"Adolph!"*
*"Olivia!" Her stomach flipped and she trembled. "Olivia!"*
*He rode past her and slid off his horse to sweep a faceless woman up into his arms with a loud laugh.* 
*"I'm back! We won."*
*"Adolph," Laurel called. "What about me?"*
*Adolph turned to look at her frowning, "Why would I care about a dead woman?"*
*A cold wind swept through the trees, lifting and carrying her away as she screamed in terror.* 
*"Adolph!"*
Laurel felt her body burning, but it faded away until she woke up under a dark sky full of twinkling stars.  She sat up and looked around. She recognized this place. The babbling brook had been sweet before, but now, it was full of terror. 
She couldn't be dead. 
"Calm yourself," a voice started, kneeling beside her. "You're not going to die, and you aren't dead."
Laurel's jaw trembled, shaking her head. She could remember the strange taste in her meal. Then her chest clenched tight. She felt something in her burning and turning before she saw Adolph go pale as blood splattered across his face. 
"Adolph is just fine, dear one," she said softly. "You are protected, but I cannot protect you from everything. You must be careful."
She stroked Daphne's face carefully, "People are moving against you."
"Who?"
She chuckled, "I can't tell you that."
"Why not?" She asked. "Wouldn't it just be easier to do so?"
"There are" she sighed. "Things at work that must happen for the sake of the werewolf kingdom. The white wolf must stand in defense of the werewolf kingdom. The black wolf is your sword and you are his shield."
Daphne shook her head. None of that made any sense. The goddess smiled as she pushed her gently back into the darkness. No dreams or memories chased her this time, but she rested in the place between the moon goddess' world and the real world. 
Alice appeared beside her. 
*Someone tried to kill us again*, Alice said. 
She nodded solemnly and wondered if she had to go back. What would she do when she woke up? Would it hurt? Would Adolph be there for her? Would he be there at all? 
Laurel had no family, but she had Lily and Sarah. She had Chasel and Lynn. There was Sam and Raven, Irene, and everyone else she'd met and became close to while in the palace. 
Her eyes burned with tears as her chest grew tight with terror. 
She had been killed in her past life. Was sitting in the position of luna just a death sentence for as long as she held it?
"Why me?" Laurel asked into the dark. "Why does it have to be me?"
Why did someone want to kill her again? The position of luna was the only logical explanation. 
Who could it have been?


###chapter 71: Awakened
Lily found a quiet room away from prying eyes and slipped inside. She closed it behind her, put her back to the door, and screamed. She was going to lose her mind if this kept going on. She took the position at Chasel's request and pleading. He'd promised to make himself available to her. 
It wouldn't be fair to blame him for the current state of things, but it certainly wasn't her fault that the acting luna was an idiot. 
She closed her eyes, counted to ten, and left the room, bracing for the next catastrophe she would have to deal with as Sarah came down the hall with a sullen expression. Her clothes were wet and stained. She was so deep in her sorrows; she hadn't noticed Lily in her path until she nearly bumped into her. 
"Oh, sorry" Sarah said, her eyes a bit hazy. "I wasn't paying attention."
"What happened?" Lily asked.
Sarah sighed, " the prince's wife."
Lily winced. It had only been a few days since the wedding. Adolph had made a formal announcement regarding Tina's sentence and Laurel's condition, asking anyone who may know something about the assassination attempt to come forward. 
No one had come forward with anything more than the fact that several people in the kingdom had reservations about having a teenager for a luna. 
Sarah had exploded the first time she heard it from Sam who was helping take note of everything that was said by someone who came in.  She felt it was ridiculous to judge Laurel's ability to run the kingdom at Adolph's side because of her age, especially when Basil had yet to lift a useful finger in all the time since he'd come of age and was currently letting his wife run the palace into the ground. 
She went to the kitchens and found several members of the staff meeting. 
"Where's Maria?" Lily asked. 
One of the servants scowled, "Maria has been dismissed by the luna."
Lily's eyes widened and she grit her teeth, "Where is she?"
"Maria or the luna?"
"Both."
"The luna left, headed towards the gardens a few moments ago. Maria went to her room."
"Sarah, go to Maria and tell her and whoever else has been let go on Lady Delia's order to return to their posts." Lily turned to the woman, "Please do your best to ensure lunch isn't late for the soldiers."
She nodded shakily and Lily went to go find Delia. 
She found her quickly and approached her, "Lady Delia."
Delia whirled at the voice, glaring at the woman, "You are dismissed. How dare you not call me by my proper title!"
"Your actions have disrupted the operations of the palace since you were named acting luna," Lily said, barely holding her temper. "Instead of-"
"I can do what I want," Delia hissed and glared at her. "And who are you to talk to me like this?"
"Basil," Delia cried. "Did you hear that woman yelling at me? I'm just doing what I'm supposed to do as luna!"
Basil wrapped his arms around her and glared at Lily. Her shoulders grew tense and her eyes narrowed. 
"She-"
"Quiet, servant!" Basil hissed. "You forget your place. You will treat my wife with the proper respect and do as she says."
Lily lifted her chin. Her eyes were defiant and she shook as she stared up at him. 
"Am I understood?"
Lily looked at him, "Perhaps we should take it up with His Majesty."
"You're going to blatantly disobey my orders?" Basil hissed. "Who do you think you are?"
"Miss Laurel-"
"Is not the luna! My wife is, so do as she says or find yourself thrown out of the castle!"
Lily turned, "Chasel."
Basil turned as Chasel approached, dressed as if he'd just come from the training grounds. 
"What is going on?"
"This servant doesn't know her place!" Basil yelled. "I demand she be thrown out for disrespecting my wife and disobeying a royal order!"
Chasel lifted an eyebrow at him, "Lily was appointed to her position by His Majesty. You do not have the power to dismiss her."
"You-"
"Lily," Chasel said looking at Basil. "What is going on?"
"Of course, you listen to her!" Basil yelled. "What about Delia? She's bullying her because of her position!"
"If you are done, Your Highness, I asked Lily a question," Chasel said. 
"The prince's wife has tried to change the kitchen staff. She has told several key staff members that they would be fired. Without them, the army will not be fed and none of the meals will be served."
"How is it my fault-"
"Stop interrupting, Lady Delia. You will have a chance to speak," Chasel said in a cold tone. "Lily, you were saying."
"When I tried to explain that, she told me it's my job to replace the staff and not to bother her. She then proceeded to complain about why her food hadn't been brought to her chambers as she asked. She's been completely disregarding the needs of the palace and the advice of the staff."
Chasel gave Lily a wry smile. He was a bit impressed that she hadn't lost her mind and clawed Delia's face off. He supposed the fact that Laurel would eventually return was enough to keep her calm for now.
"And your side of the story, Lady Delia?"
"She's obviously lying," Basil said. 
"How incompetent does the head maid get to be if she can't keep the castle running with just a few missing people?" Delia hissed. "Those people were disrespectful and needed to be fired."
Chasel sighed, rubbing his head, "How many people and who?"
"Maria to start," Lily said and crossed her arms, "Then the first line chefs, at least four of the serving personnel"
Chasel frowned as Lily went on, detailing Delia's spree of dismissals. There didn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to them, and he recognized some of the names from reports from Laurel about the shift in staffing. 
"She was planning to rehire servants who Miss Laurel dismissed for laziness and misconduct," Lily said, offering him the list. 
Chasel looked at it, "For what reason?"
Delia huffed, "They were better servants, and they were fired unfairly!"
Chasel shook his head, "You're overruled."
"But-"
"Maria has been head of the kitchens and a member of the castle staff since the king was a child. If you would like to explain how your feelings are more important than the king's comforts in this trying time, be my guest."
Delia flinched as Chasel handed the parchment back to Lily. 
"Lily, please do what you can to get things back in order. Having lunch served a bit late will be fine."
He nodded and looked at Delia, "Since I have found you, there is a more pressing matter that concerns the acting luna to attend to. The heads of the orphanage, school, and the city's large hospital are here to report."
Delia huffed, "That's not on my calendar."
Chasel looked at her, "A calendar of upcoming meetings was provided to you and posted in your office. Are you saying you haven't been in your office?"
"I've been busy!" Delia cried. "And I'm not Laurel! I want to do things my way!"
"You are filling in for Miss Laurel until she is well enough to take her position again. Please remember that and try not to cause more disruption," Chasel said. "They're being shown to your office. If you leave now, you'll likely meet them in the hall." 
Basil stepped between them, "You can't speak to my wife like that."
Chasel gave him a calm look, "Would you like to explain why the army, while Miss Laurel was acting luna, never had a late meal and suddenly things have changed under your wife's leadership?"
Basil clenched his jaw, "Chasel, you-"
"Or perhaps you want to explain why the head maid has to entertain obstruction of her duties?" Chasel said. "I assure you, I'll be informing His Majesty of this."
Chasel left, leaving Basil growling in frustration. Delia turned with a huff and stormed off towards her office. Basil followed her, finding the path uncanny. 
She reached the door and for a moment, Laura was at the desk, looking up at her. Her green eyes shimmered with unshed tears. 
There were three people there besides the guard who was waiting with them, two women and a man. Basil assumed they were the heads of the orphanage, school, and hospital. 
"What do you think you're doing bringing them to my office?" Delia asked. 
One of the women frowned, "I believe there's been a mistake We were here to report to the luna, Miss Laurel."
Delia shrieked, "I'm the luna, not Laurel!"
They looked at each other in confusion before the man spoke, "My apologies. We weren't aware that Miss Laurel had abdicated the position. We're here-"
"I don't care," Delia said, looking at them. "As far as I'm concerned the orphanage, the school, and the hospital are all a waste of the royal budget. Whatever money has been allocated to you will be confiscated by the end of the day."
Basil watched each of them gasp in shock, "But Miss Laurel-"
"Get them out of my office!"

###chapter 72: Regrets
Adolph walked down the corridor towards the dining room.  He was exhausted after a long day of listening to Chasel's report about the progress of the lockdown of the city and the preparations for his marriage.  He hadn't been called in, having skipped practice to deal with other matters, he was looking forward to sitting down with the soldiers eating a full meal.
Adolph nodded and Sam and Lynn, "It's good to see you both. How are things?"
Sam and Lynn shared a glance as Adolph settled into a seat beside them.  It was strange for them. Adolph shared plenty of meals with them on the battlefield, but now that they were back in the castle, they expected him to eat at the noble's table. 
"It's going well enough.  How are you, Your Majesty?"
Adolph sighed, "I'm hungry."
The men laughed, a light relieved sound he'd heard infrequently while on the front lines. It was a bit of a relief to hear his men somewhat at ease even if he couldn't be. 
Adolph scanned the table and frowned at the sight of the unfamiliar petal jam jars.  There should've been one for each group of four soldiers to share, but there were less than that, maybe one for every twenty men. Depending on what was being served for lunch, they would run out within a few minutes. It was bad luck to run out of petal jam during a meal, so they always provided an abundance of it.
The jars didn't even seem to have been refilled since breakfast.
"Where is all the petal jam?"
"Oh, I'm sure it's coming. The kitchen has been a bit slow lately."
"Yeah, I guess Maria is keeping a closer eye on everything now so there isn't another incident."
Adolph nodded. It was likely but unnecessary.  Something at the back of his mind said something was off, but he did know exactly what it was.  Maria knew that the food was poisoned during the delivery of the meal, not the making of it, so why would she go to such lengths?  Maybe she was just being cautious. 
Soon, the doors opened in the hallway with a cheer as servants entered with carts of food and began to place the large platters on the table. The scent of bread and meat made his stomach rumble with hunger. He reached for the nearest jar of petal jam and pulled the top off. 
The scent struck him and he halted, looking down into the jar. The color was a bit too light to be Maria's jam, and if Maria's jam wasn't being served to the soldiers, there was something wrong.  He set the jar down and looked at the nearest servant.
"Your Majesty, what's wrong?"
"Where's Maria?" Adolph asked the servant. The woman stiffened and ducked her head. 
"T-The luna dismissed her, shortly after breakfast."
He heard Sam take a sharp breath before Adolph turned and left the hall. His hunger would only make him more irritable, but maybe it would serve as a lesson for Delia and this foolish need to disrupt everything in the palace with her whims.
Lily and Chasel walked down the hall towards him. She looked furious, and she gasped upon seeing him. 
"Your Majesty," Lily greeted. 
Chasel stepped between them, "Maria has been restored to her position as has everyone else that was let go by Lady Delia this morning."
Adolph looked at Chasel briefly, "Where is she?"
"Who?"
"Delia."
Chasel winced, wishing he could lie to him but he sighed and stepped aside, "She was supposed to be meeting with the heads of the orphanage, school, and hospital."
Adolph walked past them and into the kitchen. People were running around with trays, getting things onto carts, and hurrying out. He walked through the room towards where Maria usually was and found her there stirring a large pot of fragrant, hot liquid: petal jam. 
The scent eased something furious and distressed in him. It was such a simple comfort, but he would take it for as long as he could manage to keep it.
Maria smiled at him, kind and knowing before pulling a small jar out of her pocket and offering it to him: a jar of her petal jam.
"For future reference, Your Majesty, the royal stash is where it always has been."
He nodded, closing his hand around it, "Thank you, Maria."
"Yeni, could you please escort His Majesty to where Luna Raven of the Black Mountain pack is taking lunch?"
Yeni nodded and Adolph chuckled, following the young man down the hallway until he reached the room where Raven, her husband, and the rest of his extended family were. 
Her eyes twinkled with knowing and she nodded to the empty seat, "Please join us, Your Majesty."
He sighed and nodded, preparing to deal with Delia, Basil, and the rest of the havoc that had exploded since Laurel had been poisoned after he'd eaten a full meal. 

******
Hours later, Adolph walked down the hallway towards Laurel's room. It was late, nearly midnight now, but it was the only time he had to spare between Chasel's reports, the ongoing investigation, and the trouble Delia was causing. He should have said to hell with the ministers and accepted Raven's help, but that was a battle for another day. He'd stopped Delia's move to discontinue funding to the orphanage, school, and hospital and revoked her right to dismiss anyone without approval by Lily or Chasel. He'd have to have another conversation with Basil and his wife soon, but for now, he just wanted a bit of peace before bed.
He entered her room and found Sarah tidying up and collecting the used clothes. She dropped into a deep curtsey upon seeing him and left moments later. 
He smiled, hoping she and Sam were finding happiness together. 
He entered her bed chamber and found her still lying eerily still. He sunk onto the side of her bed and took her hand the way he always did. She was warmer than she had been the last time he'd come to visit, but she wasn't awake. 
Was the antidote working? How much longer would it take? 
He didn't think he could hold out indefinitely. He wasn't even sure how he had been making it through for the past few days. 
"Laurel," he whispered. "Please love wake up and tell me you're okay."
Her eyes fluttered and he held his breath, freezing in place as she turned her head. Hope swelled in his chest as her eyes opened. Her brilliant green eyes caught some of the glow of the low burning fire and rolled to look at him. 
"A dolph?"
He lunged forward, pressing his lips to hers and lifting her against him, her lips tasted a bit bitter like medicine, but his heart was singing as he drew back and pressed her against his chest, murmuring prayers of thanks to the moon goddess and overcome with relief.
Laurel felt his warmth around her, grounding her to the fact that she was alive. The scent of cedar, roses, and blood filled her nose, soothing her even as the panic and terror of her nightmares and poison-induced coma was building in her chest. 
Adolph was there, holding her close as if she were precious. His lips tasted sweet, like petal jam, and she was still dizzy, but she was alive. 
For how much longer?
"Laurel?" Adolph whispered as she felt her lungs growing tight and her breath was coming out in struggling little pants. "Laurel, darling, you have to breathe."
"I," she panted. "I I I can't I can't. I can't!"
Adolph drew her closer, allowing her to struggle against him as the panic started to take over and kept her pressed against his chest. 
"I can't! I want to go home! I should have never become luna. I don't want to-"
"Laurel-"
"Let me go! Let me go!" She cried, struggling against him, but she was too weak to budge him. 
"Laurel, listen to me," Adolph said, nuzzling her. "You're safe now. You're safe."
"I'm not safe! I'll die again! I'll die!"
Again? Adolph frowned as she continued to scream and try to escape his arms. He'd have to ask what she meant.
"You weren't the ultimate target," Adolph whispered. "Tina poisoned your soup, but that bowl was originally meant for me and it was poisoned before she got hold of it."
Laurel drew in a sharp breath, " You? Poison?"
Adolph nodded, stroking her hair, "Tina's never leaving the dungeons as anything more than a corpse. I promise."
"Poisoned you?"
"Yes." Adolph said, "Likely an assassination attempt by the vampire queen."
Laurel breathed deeply and wrapped her arms around him. The moon goddess' warning echoed in her ears. Adolph needed her. She stood in defense of the kingdom, but only with him at her side. They could not defend the kingdom without one another. 
"H-How long have I been out?"
"Nearly a week," Adolph said. "It has been the hardest week of my life."
Laurel nuzzled him and drew her lips across his cheek, "My apologies."
"Never apologize for this," Adolph said, "Just let me hold you a bit longer."
"Will you stay with me?" Laurel asked, sagging against him.
"Always."
###chapter 73: Threats
Basil walked towards the room, but there were no ministers inside. Chasel was there and several generals he had never bothered to learn the names of were there. The minister of justice was absent, and Adolph sat at the top of the table. 
Basil sat next to Adolph and looked around the room nervously.  He'd never been in a war council meeting while his father was away. It was something that he and Laura had argued about at length. He had no martial training and no interest in following in his father's footsteps, leading men into battle. That was what lowborn men who joined the army, like the generals, and men of valor and power like his father were meant to do for the kingdom. Not a single man of the Mirabelle line had ever seen battle as their strength lay in the management of the upper class and the people within the kingdom. 
So, why was he here?
"Now that everyone is here we can begin," Adolph motioned for two general. "General Atkins, what news comes from the border?"
The older man lifted his head, "Your Majesty, the vampires have been on the move according to the scouts. They hijacked what looked to be a human cartel and laid siege on Sapphire Lake and a few other smaller packs in the area."
Adolph narrowed his eyes. Sapphire Lake was near enough to the border that it wasn't surprising, but knowing they're able to disguise themselves so well was a problem. 
"How many dead?"
"Under a hundred," he said, stiffly. "The werewolves who lived there put up a good fight and were burned with honor."
Adolph nodded, "We'll organize relief supplies and have them escorted by military caravan within the week."
The scribe nearby took note. 
"General Wallace? Any further news from the scouts?"
The scouts had mostly come back intact. There was some news about werewolves who were living within the vampire's territory as little more than slaves were but also as soldiers in their army. 
"What self-respecting werewolf would align with the vampire queen?" The minister of commerce asked.  "Surely, that report is incorrect?"
"I would ask that a minister who has never seen the glint of a vampire's eyes not question my ability to gather intel," General Wallace glared at him before looking back at Adolph. "The scouts report at least fifty werewolves near the borders. The slaves are treated much like captured vampires are treated within our kingdom."
That wasn't a concern of his. What he was concerned about were the werewolves loyal to the vampire queen.  He had a feeling that the person who poisoned his soup was one of those agents.
"Do we have an accurate count of the vampire forces there that might be ready to move against us?"
"No, but knowing the losses they suffered during the war by whipping no more than a battalion's worth."
A battalion of vampires used properly could do enough damage to the kingdom that it would take years to recover.  Vampires lived longer than werewolves did generally but they were slower to reproduce.  If the vampire queen was smart, as he knew she was, she was likely to want to try to use that to her advantage.  If she could manage to weaken the werewolf kingdom enough, her remaining forces will be enough to destroy them all.
"We'll increase the number of soldiers at the border." Adolph took note, "If she intends to make another move, we should be ready."
"I'll start moving forces starting this week," General Wallace said. "We'll have the number doubled before next week."
"Call the men from further inland; the smaller packs along the border need their warriors in case of an attack. Chasel, coordinate with the surrounding packs to increase the defenses of the Imperial City. There are vampire forces already within the kingdom, likely for a while if they're using human merchant cartels."
Chasel nodded, "As you wish."
Adolph sighed, looking across the room. He chose the members carefully, excluding some and including others for several reasons. The people in the room were trustworthy by themselves, but if there were spies inside the castle, he needed to be able to control the flow of information and trace the paths of information easily. Of everyone in the room, the ministers and Basil were the only people who would directly disobey his orders either because they were arrogant and did not respect him or because they were too stupid to think of the gravity of the situation. 
Either way, he couldn't afford to allow people too stupid or treacherous to remain in proximity to Laurel and the other people she cared for.
"What I say next, does not leave this room," Adolph said, looking across the room. "The poisoning attempt against Laurel was a cover. While Tina did attempt to kill Laurel, there was a second poison in the bowl Laurel ingested meant for me."
The gasp of shock went around the room quickly. The two generals looked furious. 
"It is by the grace of the moon goddess she survived as wolfsbane is lethal at any dose as is oleander. To ingest both should have killed her within the hour."
"Are you certain, Your Majesty?" One of the ministers said. "Perhaps Tina was simply trying to be thorough in her attempt."
Adolph looked at the man, "The ministers have no room to question anyone's ability to do their jobs efficiently."
The man shut his mouth and ducked his head. 
"On that note, the ministries have been found derelict in their duties. Let this meeting serve as the last warning to all of you: I will not tolerate being undermined or disobeyed. Watch yourselves." Gavin shuddered, "Wolfsbane was the same poison used to taint food in the incident that resulted in Jack Miller's death."
Basil swallowed, refusing to look at Adolph as he heard Laura's voice in the back of his head. 
*Of course, it's important. Soldiers need to be sure their food supply is safe!*
How was he supposed to know the humans wouldn't be able to do their jobs?  If they had guarded their caravans more carefully, everything would have been fine.
"To that effect, I am instituting a restriction on trade into the imperial city and across the borders.  Only merchant cartels certified by the crown will be able to cross the borders into the kingdom to trade, and only caravans escorted by the military will be used to deliver to the front lines." 
Gavin felt his heart clenched in grief.  Most if not all of the human caravans he dealt with would never subject themselves to a werewolf escort.  It would be a huge loss of revenue for him.  He looked at the minister of commerce with a pointed stare. 
The man stammered, "Your Majesty, while it is important to guard the safety of the military and the werewolf who defend our borders, we must also think of the people." 
"Are you accusing me of not considering the people?"
"No, Your Majesty," he said quickly.  "It's just that locking down the borders will slow the economy a great deal.  The farms within the kingdom supply a lot of food but not enough to feed the citizens and the army long term."
"The capital's food stores should feed the entire city throughout winter," Adolph said and looked at the minister of general affairs. "There shouldn't be a problem putting the city on rations to allow the farms nearby to supply the other cities of the kingdom instead of imports."
Gavin held back from grimacing. The minister of general affairs hadn't been maintaining the stores as they'd been using it to send to the front lines or to feed the castle throughout the war, little by little, under Laura's nose and using the money allocated to relief supplies for their ends. Gavin took a cut of that money to increase the Mirabelle family's wealth and to have something to keep the man in check in case he started to get any ideas. 
The man looked nervous as he nodded and shuffled his pages, scribbling some sort of note. 
"Wouldn't it be more effective for you to return to the front lines?" Another minister, the minister of agriculture, asked, "They fear you more than anyone in the kingdom."
Adolph looked at the man as if he was a child, "Minister, you're making me question your intelligence."
He flushed.
"More than usual that is," Adolph said. "If the vampire queen sent forces to poison me within the imperial city, she would expect me to react directly. She went through the trouble to strike during my wedding, after all, meaning not only are there vampire forces inside the kingdom, but they have already infiltrated the castle."
Basil gasped in fear as the room went quiet. 
"To leave now would just be to tell her network to attack me in transit," Adolph glared at him and stood. "The defenses of the city will be fully erected by the end of the week and all roads will remain watched until I deem it unnecessary. This meeting is adjourned."

###chapter 74: Mishandled
Adolph came to visit every day.  It seemed that Laurel was seeing him more since she had woken up than she'd seen him in the days leading up to their wedding.  He didn't stay long as there was still a lot to do regarding the investigation and running the castle, but he was spending all of his free time in her room, sometimes to catch a few moments of rest in the chair beside her bed, sometimes just to hold her hand.
The door opened again.  The priestess walked into the room with the flutter of her robes. 
Laurel met the priestess' gaze as she smiled, "Praise be to the Moon goddess by her light we are saved."
Her eyes twinkled, filled with a secret Laurel wanted to know, but she didn't ask.  There was something about her eyes that was familiar, but she couldn't place it exactly and she didn't want to assume that the priestess was also a member of the Raymond family though she certainly seemed to be. She didn't remember this priestess from when she married Basil in her past life.
"You should take it easy for a while, but you'll be just fine. Maybe just one more dose to be safe, but after that, you'll be poison-free."
"Thank you, priestess."
She nodded as the door opened again. Lily and Lynn into the room behind her.  
"Oh, Miss Laurel, I'm so glad that you're okay!" Lily cried. "Maybe things will finally get back to normal!"
Laurel chuckled, "What do you mean?"
Lily's eyes widened and she looked at Lynn then the priestess who chuckled and excused herself. 
"No one told you?"
"Told me what?"
Lily winced, "Lady Delia was named acting luna by the ministers."
Laurel frowned, "Okay"
Did that mean she wouldn't have to take the position back? It would be a bit of a relief not to have that title again and be able to focus on the attempt on Adolph's life, but Lily's expression told her that there was more to it than that.
"What's wrong?"
" she tried to pull the funding for the orphanage, school, and the hospital several days ago."
Laurel clenched her jaw and tightened her grip on the blanket. The fear of the position was burned to ash as her fury rose. She hadn't been unconscious for long enough for Delia to do something so ridiculous and dangerous. 
She knew Delia was an idiot, but she hadn't thought she was that stupid. 
"Miss Laurel?"
"Tell me everything."
Lily sighed and nodded before taking the seat beside Laurel's bed and began with the day Delia was named acting luna. 

******
Laurel knew she wasn't supposed to necessarily be out of bed or so worked up, but Lily's report had been too much to take without doing something. She got dressed in a rough working dress, put on her simplest shoes, and marched out of her room. Lynn followed her as her escort, but he said nothing. She wasn't sure if he was just there to make sure she wouldn't kill anyone or he was there to watch what she would do. 
It was one thing to allow Delia to burn through the budget she was allocated as the wife of the prince for whatever she wanted. Even burning through Basil's allowance wasn't surprising. He was infatuated with her and had likely not even realized what he'd done. 
But moving to increase her budget and embezzling funds from the luna's accounts was too much. She was furious with Delia for being such a greedy, selfish creature, but that fury was nothing compared to the rage she felt for the minister of finance. 
As Laura, he'd fought her every time she dipped into the luna's budget and demanded every coin to be accounted for the proper use for the kingdom. There were legitimate expenses he refused to allow the luna's accounts to pay, forcing her to use the budget she'd been allocated as Basil's wife to cover them. 
She reached the door of the minister of finance's office and shoved it open. The group of ministers looked at her in shock and alarm as she closed the door behind her. 
"What are you-"
She crossed the room to lean over the table and glared at the man, baring her teeth. 
"How much leniency should you be shown for blatant mismanagement?"
"What are-"
"How could you allow her to misappropriate the luna's budget so much in just a few days?" Laurel hissed glaring at all of them.  "What purpose do you serve if you will not at least monitor the luna's budget?"
"You can't-"
"It wasn't bad enough that she blew through her and the prince's budget? You didn't think to check what she was purchasing? You didn't bother to even ask?  How can you justify such frivolous spending during an investigation and while the kingdom is still recovering from the war?"
The minister of finance turned red in the face.  He glared at her.  How had she found out about Delia's spending and what she'd been buying? Delia had come in with papers with requests to withdraw money from the luna's accounts. He'd signed them without checking them because Basil was with her and he couldn't afford to offend him or Gavin. 
Now that it had come to his ears through the servants that she had been spending all the money on herself, he had to find some way to move the money in the accounts around to make it right. With Adolph back, that was harder than usual.
It wasn't his fault! Gavin had been clear that she was meant to do whatever she liked so long as it didn't interfere with the inflow of money for trade and bribery.
"Who are you to talk to me like that?" He asked, sneering at her.
"As if the little girl would know anything about the budget?" Gavin sniffed.  "You are not in a position to be speaking about matters of the state. You were never meant to be luna."
Laurel refused to flinch at the feeling those words brought. Gavin's voice held all of the cold Basil's voice had. Her heart clenched with terror and her blood turned cold, but she pushed those thoughts away.  Laura had lived in quiet misery and died believing those words, but she was Laurel. 
She would not take their cruelty in stride nor stand for their incompetence.
She was luna as she had always been meant to be.
"His Majesty may have given you the position for a time, but you have no real power," one of the ministers said. "You're just a girl named acting luna."
Laurel stood her full height and lifted her head to look down at the minister of finance with the cool aloofness she'd seen in Adolph's mother's portrait. 
" As soon as we are married, my first act as luna will be to dissolve the ministries."
Gavin almost choked. The other ministers flinched as she turned swiftly and left just as quickly as she'd come. The door closed behind her with a soft click that seemed to echo throughout the room.
Gavin turned to the other ministers who looked pale and cleared his throat, "You all look like you've seen a ghost!" 
Gavin chuckled.  "What nonsense? An empty threat!  His majesty may favor her, but he would not be so foolish to forget all that the ministries have done for this kingdom."
They murmured a bit of agreement and continued with their discussion about hiding Delia's spending in the budget and the food store's shortage while Gavin considered Laurel's words. He remembered the look on Adolph's face when he admitted to loving Laurel. It wasn't the look of a man who would soon lose interest in a woman.
He looked at Laurel the way Adolph's father had looked at his mother. Laurel's threat was as real and as dangerous to his status as Adolph's love for her was. 
This was bad. Gavin held a lot of sway among the ministers as a father of the late luna, but he had no real power.  His position was ceremonial as a sign of trust and fidelity between families. 
He was cunning enough to use information and his family's wealth to gain control over people and their power, but if the ministries were dissolved, Gavin would lose all of his ability to increase his wealth. 
It wouldn't take long for Basil to figure out that Gavin had no real power after that. He was already thinking too much to be safe. He'd hated Laura as she made Basil start thinking. Now, Laurel was doing the same with more power and conviction than Laura ever had. 
If only Tina had succeeded in her poisoning attempt, at the least they would have more time to get Basil firmly under control and deal with Adolph. How long would it take Adolph to realize that Gavin had rendered his only son useless as a ruler? 
How long would it take Basil to realize he had become useless? 
He was running out of time to find answers to those questions and more.
###chapter 75: Waste
Laurel marched from the minister of finance's office up to Adolph's office and opened the door. He glanced at her and sighed. She was supposed to be resting, not stomping up to his office. He stood and went to her.
"I want to dissolve the ministries as soon as possible," she said before he could reach her side. He frowned and closed the door before ushering her to the couch near his desk. "But I want to audit them first to charge them appropriately."
A wicked smirk curved his lips turning his handsome features almost devious. Laurel's heart raced and her face warmed with embarrassment. How could he look more handsome looking so sneaky?
"You are meant to be in bed." Adolph said, "Take a rest for a moment, then we'll talk so long as you promise to go back to bed."
She pouted, wanting to argue, but she gave him a stiff nod, huffed, and sat on the couch as he directed. Admittedly, she was a bit dizzy and exhausted from her march up the stairs, but this still wasn't the time for rest.  How could so much damage have been done while she was sleeping? He went to his desk and returned with a stack of parchment.
"You can start with these. Chasel is still gathering the rest." Laurel took the pages with a bit of awe as he returned to his desk. "What brought this on?"
"Delia," she hissed. "She's been allowed to overspend her budget and misappropriate money from the luna accounts!"
Adolph frowned. He knew that Delia had been spending frivolously, but as far as he could tell, Basil was guilty of the same and at higher amounts. The reports he had on his desk were about the food stores that were supposed to be in the national storage and where they had gone. 
"Tell me more. How did you find this out?"
"Lily told me," Laurel huffed, pulling the pages towards her to start reviewing them. "She told me all about Delia's activities while I've been out, including the orphanage and everything else. It didn't take much to figure out that she had already burned through her budget"
Adolph tilted his head. He wanted to ask how she knew what Delia's budget was. Laurel hadn't been granted access to the palace books yet and he knew she hadn't requested anything more than what she needed to do her job.  
It was another moment that Adolph felt that there was more to Laurel than a simple seventeen-year-old girl from the outskirts of the kingdom. As Laurel continued talking about her suspicions about the minister of finance, he took note.
She was convinced that he was in Gavin's back pocket which was how Delia managed to get away with her withdrawal requests with very little review. It made sense to him. Gavin's position was one Adolph couldn't take from him until he was married again as it was traditionally reserved for the father of the luna. If Jack was alive, he might have already made Gavin return to the Mirabelle estate.
He checked over the incoming tax reports, narrowing his eyes at the amounts coming from the Mirabelle lands. The amount was in line with the historical amounts, but he wasn't convinced that it was accurate.
"What are your thoughts on Minister Mirabelle?"
Laurel drew up short and looked at Adolph. He seemed pensive, considering something in his hand.
"I think he enjoys his position," Laurel said with a guarded tone. "Why do you ask?"
He smiled, "I think he has aspirations."
Laurel narrowed her eyes and sat forward, "Do you think he's behind the poison attempt?"
Adolph chuckled and shook his head, "No. Minister Mirabelle is a manipulator. He wouldn't choose murder. Not now."
"Now?"
"It's come to my attention that Basil's education hha been lacking since he was a child."
Laurel frowned, "What do you mean?"
"Every man of the Raymond line, every heir to the throne, is meant to serve in the army for at least a year," Adolph said and leaned back in his seat. "Basil doesn't even know how to throw a punch properly."
Laurel gasped, "You can't be serious."
"I am," he said thinking back to a few afternoons prior when he'd run into Basil on the way to the training field, dressed to participate in the training exercises.
Basil had been genuinely confused about Adolph's participation in the exercises. He'd seemed even more confused when Adolph invited him to join them on the training pitch. He learned soon after Basil excused himself that Basil had never been brought to the pitch to train.
"After a bit more investigation, I found that all the tutors that I intended for Basil, some of the same tutors I had as a young man, had been dismissed and replaced with Minister Mirabelle."
Laurel frowned. She knew that Gavin had been over Basil's education as Basil told her often that to question his intelligence was to insult his grandfather, but she had always assumed he'd had a full education.
"The attendants of the treasury were very forthcoming about the fact that the budget set aside for his education went straight to Minister Mirabelle." Adolph sighed, "I'm compiling all the information on the ministers to formally dismiss the ministries and return all of their powers to stewards of the throne."
"Why was it broken up in the first place?" Laurel asked.
His lips twitched. Once, the majority of the kingdom's lands had been owned by noble families. Those noble families had been the first iteration of ministers, but over time through betrayal and cataclysmic shifts in power, the families were forced to pay reparations to the kingdom until all the land of the kingdom was owned by the Raymond family.
The ministries remained as support to the alpha and luna, the king and queen, of the kingdom.
He smiled, "You know the offices of general affairs, finance, and agriculture were originally the three ministries meant to report directly to the luna?"
Her heart clenched with grief and her anger grew. She knew some of her anger wasn't directed at the circumstances of her position, but at her second run-in with death. She hadn't started to sort through those emotions yet, but to hear this was almost too much.
The ministers of finance, agriculture, and general affairs had been the biggest opponents to every endeavor Laura had undertaken and were quick to try and block her paths to success.
"Then, the ministers of justice, peace, and commerce were under the alpha?"
He nodded and picked up another piece of parchment, "Other than their ineptitude and distinct disregard for my authority, there's another reason to get rid of them I think you should be aware of."
She frowned, "What is it?"
"My family," Adolph's lips twitched. "Our family Raven, Irene, and the others as well as our relationship with the moon goddess' temple."
Laurel blinked, struck by the sentiment of being family with Raven and the other women and the fact that she was learning so much more about the kingdom in this life than she'd ever known as Laura.
"What do the ministers have to do with our family?"
He flashed her a brilliant smile, "Questions of succession and keeping the line of kings clear has been of great concern to the minister of peace for obvious reasons yet they have allowed my heir to become little more than a puppet."
Laurel nodded, "I'd say that they're probably in Minister Mirabelle's back pocket as well."
"Aside from that, how would you feel about them moving back into the castle?"
Laurel gasped, "What?"
"Traditionally, even if children of the throne married out of the imperial city's nobles, they were expected to remain in the castle for their safety. They moved out of the city as a move to renounce their ties to the throne and any claim of succession they had."
Laurel nodded, understanding it, but she also knew that it had done nothing to keep them safe. Only Adolph's marriage to Olivia and the birth of Basil had done anything on that front.
"I think they should come home," Laurel said, watching Adolph's eyes sparkle with happiness. "I think if they were here, your son and his wife would be whipped into shape a lot faster."
Adolph laughed, throwing his head back with a joyous sound, "Between Henry, Dorian, and their sons? Basil might be the most fearsome warrior of the line within a year!"
Laurel chuckled at the thought of Basil, who could barely stand to get sweaty, becoming as fierce of a warrior as Adolph. It was entertaining but highly unlikely.
"I'm glad you're agreeable," Adolph said and started looking through his paperwork until he found the set of books he was looking for. "Here are the luna's budget accounts as certified by Chasel as of last month. I expect to get the updated books sometime today. It's a good place to start regarding Delia and Basil's overspending."
Laurel nodded and took the pages before standing, "When I get through all of this? Can I come back?"
He smiled, "You can come back into my office whenever you wish, Laurel."
Laurel's face burned as he gave her a sly smirk, "I'd prefer if you never left too."
She cleared her throat and stumbled back towards the door, "Until then, Your Majesty."
Adolph chuckled as she escaped the room. As the door closed, he clenched his fist. His first instinct was to kick Delia and Basil out of the palace to live without any support for at least a year, but he was interested to find out what Laurel would devise.

###chapter 76: Words From The Dead
Delia walked to the treasury's office with the page in hand. She didn't know what was taking so long to approve her increased budget, but she knew it was just a matter of time. The minister of finance was invested in keeping Basil happy. Basil was invested in keeping her happy, and all she wanted was more money to spend as she pleased. She reached the office's attendant who looked up at her with trepidation as she placed the sheet on the desk.
"I'd like it in coinage, like always," she said as the woman took the page. "Could you make it quick? I have things to do."
"I'm sorry, Lady Delia, but I can't fulfill this."
Delia grew tense and glared at the woman, "What did you call me?"
"Lady Delia," she said again.
"I am the luna and you will address me properly or else! And what do you mean that you can't fulfill this?" Delia tapped on the seal of the minister of finance. "It's already been approved!"
 "R-Royal Beta Chasel has placed a hold on all accounts going forward by order of His Majesty, the king, and announced that Luna Laurel has recovered enough to return to her duties."
Delia clenched her jaw and bared her teeth. The sound of that girl's name with the title that should have been hers since she married Basil grated on her nerves. 
"We'll see about that."
She turned from the office and left to find Basil. When she did, two guards she didn't recognize were escorting him. Basil looked troubled and thoughtful as the guards looked at her. They came to a stop in front of her
"Lady Delia, you have been summoned. Please follow us."
Delia blinked as a spike of fear went through her. She frowned and looked at Basil again.
"What is the meaning of this?" Delia asked.
"By order of His Majesty, you are to come with us."
She shut her mouth and ducked her head at the thought of dealing with Adolph. What could he want? There was no way he found out about her faking her relationship with Basil. Had he found out about the poison?
She followed the guards quietly as they walked up the stairs towards Adolph and the luna's office. Was Laurel in that office now, enjoying the luxury that should have been hers? How long had she been considered fully recovered? 
She clenched her jaw. If Tina hadn't gotten caught, she would have known nearly as soon as it happened. 
The guards led them to the luna's door and knocked. 
"Please, come in."
The guards opened the door, ushered them inside, and closed the door behind them. Laurel was paler than usual, likely still recovering, but her eyes were as stern and as fierce as ever. 
Delia spoke first, "What do you think-"
"I've called you here to discuss your punishment," Laurel said, her voice cold and authoritative. If Delia didn't know better she would never think a seventeen-year-old woman could speak that way. "The two of you have made a mess of the castle, disregarded the budget, endangering the well-being of the citizens, and embezzled funds from the kingdom's treasury. An offense, you should know, is punishable by death or a life sentence in jail depending on the amount of money."
Delia lifted her nose in the air as Basil stepped forward, "What would you know about-"
"I am speaking to your wife," Laurel said, glaring at him. "I'll get to you, Prince Basil, in a moment."
Basil flinched as the air shimmered in his vision and for a moment, he was in Laura's old office. It had been the first time he'd ever seen her upset, holding her proposal and glaring across the table at him. 
*I am speaking of the minister of finance. I'll get to the minister of general affairs in a moment.*
Laurel turned back to Delia as she looked at Basil with wide eyes. 
"You were entrusted by the ministers to steward over my position until I recovered, and in a matter of a week you misappropriated, spent, and otherwise mishandled nearly every account and your own." Laurel narrowed her eyes, "What do you have to say for yourself?"
"I don't know what you're talking about," Delia scoffed. "You must still be recovering. Everyone knows that you have to go through the treasury and the minister of finance to withdraw from any account."
She sneered at Laurel, "All of my requests were approved."
"The minister of finance is under review for shirking his duty to collect all receipts to ensure the money is spent properly, but you are still guilty of spending money you knew was meant for other things and submitting false documentation."
"It's my right as luna to spend the money as I want."
"A luna's duty is to the people of this kingdom. Her concerns are their comfort and well-being before her frivolous and wasteful desires," Laurel hissed. "And to have the audacity to request an expansion of your budget on top of that?"
Delia glared at her, "You don't make the budget, and it doesn't make any sense for my budget to be less than the prince's! I'm his wife. It's owed to me."
"Nothing is owed to you," Laurel said, her voice cold and furious. "Prince Basil, what do you have to say for yourself?"
Basil couldn't speak. His ears ringing from an argument so long ago he had tried to forget it. 
*It's my right as the prince to spend as I please. The people pay taxes for my comfort.*
*The people pay taxes for protection and order, not frivolous parties. What about the war? What about your father?*
He shuddered, trying to push the memories away, but they were stubborn and Laurel continued. 
"At least you have the sense to be silent," Laurel said. "The amount of money you two have spent in the short time I was being treated is inexcusable. What could have been so important to do all of this?"
"I deserve to have nice things! I'm a princess by marriage."
*I'm the prince. It is my right to have the best of everything!*
The world seemed to be tilting as he heard his voice yelling from the past. 
*Green eyes stared up at him in shock and disappointment before turning away.* 
*"Never mind, Your Highness I will find another way."*
"Luxury comes with a cost," Laurel said and pulled two pages aside. "As it would not due to have you both thrown in the dungeons-"
"You couldn't-"
"-And His Majesty has given me leave to come up with a solution, I have proposed the following to His Majesty," Laurel continued offering them the pages. Delia snatched the page from her before gasping in horror. Basil took the page but did not look at it or speak. 
Delia couldn't believe what she was reading. Her budget had not been increased, but a payment schedule had been levied against her account to pay back the treasury for all the money she'd spent over her budget. She'd been penalized further with payments back to the luna accounts. 
Effectually, her budget for spending had been cut in half. 
"You can't do this!"
"His Majesty will be made aware of the changes soon," Laurel said. 
"I can't live on this! What am I: a *commoner?"*
Laurel narrowed her eyes at Delia, finding her question odd. Delia had been rescued after she'd lost her pack somewhere near the border, but she had never been nobility. Laura had been able to figure that out just on the way she carried herself. 
She didn't think Delia had ever even started the etiquette classes that Laura had to take.  She was just too rude and unpoised.
"How you entertain yourself until the treasury is repaid is not my concern." Laurel turned to basil, "prince basil, please stay, your wife can leave."
Delia shrieked, "As if I would leave you two alone!  You've already seduced the king; there is no way I would allow you to seduce my husband as well."
Laurel rolled her eyes, "Please refrain from projecting your thoughts on me.  You may stay if you want."
She turned her gaze on Basil and found him still staring at her. 
"We don't have to take this!" Delia cried and grabbed Basil's hand. "Basil!"
Laurel leaned against her desk and picked up a piece of paper, "His Majesty has ordered that I be heard and I do have a matter to discuss with Prince Basil."
Basil blinked, staring at Laurel as his mind made a mess of time and space. Laurel seemed older. Her features changed a bit and his blood pulsed cold and haunted through his veins.
"What is it, Laura?"
Laurel looked at him strangely as Delia went pale, staring at him. She could have misheard him, but the look on Delia's face said that she hadn't misheard him and he'd called her Laura. She suppressed the shudder that went through her at the thought as a bit of anger flickered to life. 
How dare he even say her name after the way Basil had treated her? 
"We're leaving right now!" Delia said, pulling Basil, but he didn't move, seemingly frozen in place. 
She growled and snatched the page from his hand, "And you can have this ridiculous thing back. The ministers will never agree to any of this!
"You'll find that the ministers will have little choice," Laurel said calmly. "Though if the remaining amount isn't enough, you could always work in the orchard to supplement it."
She smirked as Delia flushed and gesticulated wildly as if she couldn't figure out what to say or had no words.
Delia sputtered, "You can't-I-Never!"
Laurel shrugged and looked at Basil, "As I was saying. I wanted to ask you about the gate you had placed on the orchard, Prince Basil."
###chapter 77: Penance
Laurel watched Basil turn paler as she made a note on her parchment about looking further into what Basil's budget was going towards. She had a feeling that Gavin might be benefiting from his relationship with Basil.
"What is the purpose of the gate on the main entrance to the orchard?" Basil blinked, staring at her and not speaking. "Prince Basil, are you listening?"
He shook his head, "Y-Yes. I What?"
She pursed her lips, "The gates, Prince Basil. For what reason was the orchard gated?"
Basil frowned, "It's useless."
"What do you mean by it's useless?"
"We don't need an orchard because we have all the farmland around the city," Basil lifted his head and met her gaze. "It was a waste of money when you had it planted. The ministry has proposed to uproot it and turn it into a leisure area for the castle."
Delia took in a sharp breath, staring at him in horror. 
Laurel froze in the middle of editing her plans for the orchard. What? What kind of nonsense was that? She frowned, eyeing him closely. 
"When I had it planted?"
He frowned, blinked, and shook himself, "Laura. When Laura had it planted."
Laurel eyed him suspiciously as he cast his gaze away and the expression of distress bloomed over his face. She didn't know what was going on in his head, but she also didn't care.
"That's  A dumb idea." Basil flinched. He glanced up at her face and quickly looked to the far wall as if the sight of her was making him uncomfortable. "It's so idiotic; I can't imagine how anyone came up with it, especially given how the orchard was essential to the war efforts as stated by His Majesty." Laurel shook her head, "The gate will be removed, and it will be expanded in due time."
"Expanded?" Basil asked, "For what?"
"To feed the entire castle including the military," Laurel sighed. "That's all I have to talk about."
Basil frowned and clenched his jaw, "You can't just dismiss me. I'm the prince! You're just a lowborn woman from a random pack!"
"Why not take it up with His Majesty?" Laurel suggested sweetly. "You can leave. I have things to do."
Basil serious. It was as if she was treating him like a child.  She had no right to shriek him like this!  He turned to the door and clenched his hand in Delia's.  
"I will! Just wait until I do! You'll regret this!"
Laurel snickered as he left and it made his face burn with embarrassment. He closed the door behind him and Delia tore her hand from his.
"What's wrong?" Basil asked, "We're going to see my father about this; she can't do this."
"  You called her Laura again," Delia hissed.  She shoved the two pages into his chest, "And you're going to go talk to your father alone. I don't want to even see you right now."
"But-"
Delia turned and hurried down the steps, leaving him alone. He looked down at the pages. He took a deep breath looking at Delia's page. He flipped to his own and choked. Anger and indignation swelled in him. 
Who did Laurel think she was? 

Adolph was in his office, reviewing some of Chasel's newer reports regarding the minister of justice's movements. He'd been using the budget for the security of the capital for miscellaneous things that had nothing to do with the safety of his people. The report and the paper trail made him sick. 
How far did it go back? Was there a single minister who wasn't corrupt? 
He eyed a note from Chasel about the minister of peace's sudden increase in funds, as evident by the expansion of his mansion about three years ago. The money wasn't reflected in the tax reports due to the treasury. 
He was contemplating a full-scale seizure of every minister's property when a knock sounded on his door. 
"Come in."
The door opened and Basil entered.  His face was red and a frown twisted his features. He looked a bit like he had when he was just a boy and frustrated about a book he was reading. Adolph grimaced at the thought. He still had to get a full understanding of what he could expect Basil to understand based on his education. Currently, there didn't seem to be much Basil could be expected to understand beyond his desires. 
He sighed as Basil closed the door and Adolph had a feeling that he was about to say something stupid.
"Father, you have to do something about that girl.  She's treating me like a child."
Adolph smirked and glanced at the pieces of parchment in Basil's hand. It seemed that Laurel had come up with a solution. 
"What happened?"
Basil approached and handed over the parchment before pacing the space in front of his desk and complaining loudly about Laura's lecture regarding his and Delia's spending and behavior. Adolph tuned Basil out as he read the pages and chuckled a bit. 
The plan was thorough; her tally was up to date according to the books he'd sent her and reflected a deeper understanding of the kingdom's finances than he would have expected. 
Then again, she was always surprising him. 
He had a feeling there would be adjustments made based on Chasel's updated books. 
The overspending was a problem that seemed to be a historical problem with Basil, but it was just the top of the month. What could either of them have bought in such a short amount of time?
He narrowed his eyes at some of the numbers. They seemed familiar for some reason.
" then, that girl had the nerve to tell us we had to work in the orchard! Like commoners." Basil cried. "And she says that the orchard will be reopened!"
Adolph reached into his desk for the newest copy of the physical accounts and flipped through the pages until he reached the luna accounts. He'd already compared several periods of books from the minister of finance to Chasel's audit reports and found there was so much money missing from the account; he didn't think killing the man would be sufficient punishment. 
The most recent withdrawals had been from the luna accounts. The books he had were updates of the ones Laurel had, but the frequency of the withdrawals between the two periods had increased. Delia had spent her budget within a week and moved on to spending money from the luna accounts meant for the betterment of the kingdom as well as her personal needs. 
"What was Delia buying?"
"She purchased a few gowns and some jewelry," Basil said offhandedly. 
Adolph highly doubted that she purchased just a few gowns with so much money.  The amount spoke and lavish purchases and a complete disregard for the plight of the people whose taxes filled the royal treasury.  
With a daughter-in-law like that, he wouldn't need a war or a drought to bankrupt the kingdom and force them to start conquering land again. The Raymond line hadn't gone out to conquer land since the ministry was established. He'd be a shame to his ancestors if they fell to such a thing now.
"Not what she was buying with her budget.  I don't care about that," Adolph shook his head. "What was she buying with the luna's budget?"
"I told you some gowns and some jewelry."
Adolph shifted his papers to look for the document Chasel and most recently brought from the treasury. It had been a request to change the limits on the account and shift the money around to increase Delia's budget. Nonsense, of course. 
"Do you know why she requested an increase in her budget?"
Basil sighed, "She found out what my spending budget was and demanded that it be equal."
Well, that was ridiculous as well. Basil's budget was far too big for no reason and had been since Adolph had been off to war based on Chasel's reports. It would have been one thing if Basil was using the money to fund some project to support the people, but he wasn't. 
As far as he could tell, only Laura had been using her budget for such a thing though it should have been taken out of the luna's budget. 
Where had the rest of the money gone?
"And she proposed to shift the money used for the orphanage, school hospital and other public affairs into her budget?"
"Yes."
Adolph stared at Basil considering him.  How could his son be so stupid? Sure, he hadn't been included in the budgetary meetings by Gavin's design, but did he think all of that money was just enough to make them even?
Basil stopped pacing and looked at his father, "You haven't said anything, father."
"I'm thinking," Adolph said. "You should try it more often."
Basil's jaw dropped open in shock as Adolph happened upon an idea.
He smiled at Basil, "I'm cutting your and Delia's budget in half, so you'll have more time to think about how you spend it."
###chapter 78:  Breaking Through
Basil left Adolph's office, empty-handed and shocked. He knows Delia won't be happy, but what was he supposed to do? He supposed he could just give a portion of his budget to her, but that wouldn't solve the problem.
He knocked on her door.  A few moments passed before she called out.
"Come in."
He opened the door and walked in to see her sitting on her couch.  Delia sat up and bade him sit with her. She held herself rigidly as she drank her tea. She clinked the cup against the plate in a way that made him almost flinch. 
Didn't she know basic etiquette? He frowned, thinking about it. Had Laura taken etiquette? He didn't think Laurel had or would, but Laura had always given him a sense that she knew enough. It had irritated him a bit that she seemed to blend in with nobility so easily.
"Well, what did your father say?
" He changed her plan."
Delia sat up straight, "well?"
"  He cut our budgets in half."
Delia dropped her teacup with a little gasp of shock.
"What do you mean?"
"He said he was cutting it so we have more time to think about how we spend it."
Basil sighed, "What were you thinking?"
Delia froze, "What do you mean?"
He turned her, "Why didn't you just wait until your budget was expanded?  How did you spend so much so quickly and why?"
"Are you blaming me?" Delia huffed. "I should have been luna as soon as we got married."
Basil sighed, I'm just asking why you spent so much money-
Why did you call her Laura?
Basil lowered his head, "I don't know.  What does that have to do-"
"It has everything you do with it! You're just comparing me to her!"
"That's not what I said," Basil said and took her hand. "Just calm down please?"
But Delia was full of panic and anxiety. She couldn't stop and if she did stop, he'd just pull away faster. 
"You haven't answered my question. You said before you didn't have feelings for her, but you keep talking about her."
Basil sighed, rubbing his head as a headache began to grow between his eyebrows. He felt something stretching and bending in him when his wolf growled and he bared his teeth at her. 
"Stop!"
Delia gasped, going silent as he glared at her, "I'm just asking a question and trying to understand what happened.'
He was just trying to think. Delia's eyes glossed over with tears and they spilled down her cheeks. His wolf scoffed and he winced hearing the sound come out of him. He knew he was frustrated. His chest felt tight and his head was a mess, but Delia was his mate. He shouldn't have growled at her. 
His father had never seemed to be upset with Laurel. He frowned, considering it and thinking back to his father's words.
*That's something you'll have to figure out between you and your wolf.*
His wolf had been indifferent to Delia when they'd met, but he had fallen for her so hard and fast. His wolf had been more interested in Laura though Basil only liked how beautiful she was. 
Looking at Delia, he didn't understand. 
Had he been wrong?
"W-Why are you looking at me like that?" Delia sniffled.
"I'm starting to wonder" 
Basil winced and looked away. How could he have fallen for Delia so hard and fast if she wasn't his mate? That didn't make any sense. Maybe he was just frustrated. Maybe it was different for every werewolf when they found their mates.
*My wolf and I are in perfect agreement*
It was a strange sentiment since Basil hadn't agreed with his wolf since he was a child. He didn't even remember what that felt like on most things.
Delia could barely breathe around her panic as Basil frowned and remained quiet. What did he mean by that? Why wouldn't he look at her? What was he wondering about? She trembled a little at the memory. Basil and his wolf had growled at her. She knew enough about werewolves and men especially to know. That should have been impossible. 
Why wasn't it working anymore?
"What?" She hissed. "You're starting to wonder about what?"
Basil tilted his head. He wasn't sure how to put it. His wolf was stirring; more agitated with her presence than usual and that struck him as odd. Now that he thought about it, he hadn't been very connected to his wolf in a long time. He hadn't thought about it much, but feeling it now, it was hard to miss. 
His wolf wasn't just reluctant to admit it, he was indifferent to Delia. Annoyed. Those same feelings were growing in his chest, but how was that possible if they were mates?
Your wolf will know. 
Adolph had seemed so convinced, and there was nothing in him that could find a reason not to trust his father when he said something. His grandfather taught him a lot, but he had never fully trusted his grandfather with personal matters. 
He thought back to when he brought Delia to meet Gavin and the joyous light in the man's eye. Looking back, he thought his grandfather was just overjoyed, but there was something in the curve of his smile and the way he'd looked at Delia that made him doubt that now.
"Basil? What is it?"
"I'm starting to doubt that we're mates."
"W-Why would you say that?" Delia gasped, "I-I I thought"
"I thought too," Basil shook his head, "Maybe I'm just frustrated. It's been a long day. Good night, Delia."
"But-"
Basil walked to the door before Delia could get another word out and closed the door behind him. Delia's hand started to tremble. She swallowed and clenched her fist. 
She had to go see Eden or everything would fall apart. She shuddered at the thought of his grey eyes warming with fury and the howling winds of the wilderness beyond the castle. 
She couldn't go back there, no matter what she had to do.
How had things come to this? It should have been fool-proof!

Basil wandered down the hallway. The walls of the castle were familiar, comforting, yet they felt strange. His wolf felt half-awake and drowsy, barely keeping awake and wavering between asleep and awake. The oddly surreal feeling he'd only felt when he was half-awake was taking hold of him and leading him around the castle. 
Dark hair whipped around a corner. He frowned and hastened down the corridor to find no one. A grey skirt rushed around another corner and he followed the figure. The corridors felt warped, bending and shimmering along the edges as he chased the person down the stairs. 
The scent of rich wine and twinkling laughter led him into the grand foyer that led to the gardens. Phantoms whirled around the room as he followed the phantom outside. 
Something wasn't right. Was he losing his mind? Maybe he had simply fallen asleep and hadn't realized it. He followed the figure through the gardens and beyond it. He didn't know where he was going. He didn't even recognize the path they were taking. 
He was catching up to the figure though and he ran faster. 
"Wait!" He called, reaching out and throwing himself forward trying to catch the woman as he broke through the tree line. 
Something snagged around his foot and sent him tumbling forward. He rolled to a stop just on the edge of the royal graveyard. 
The moon bathed the area in a cool glow. He looked around but didn't see the woman he was chasing. A few rows away, he saw a male figure and hurried towards him. The man jumped as he approached and bowed stiffly. 
"Yo-Your Highness! Forgive me, I didn't know you would be out here at this time of night, I'll-"
"Did you see a woman come by here?"
"A woman?" He asked and shook his head, "There was no one, Your Highness."
Basil sighed, running a hand through his hair. He'd been dreaming while awake. Was that normal?
"What are you doing?"
"T-Tending the graves, Your Highness this one could use a bit more dirt on it."
He frowned looking down at the plain headstone. 
*Laura Hamiltion*
His stomach roiled and he stared at the plain engraving. Her grave was covered with leaves and it seemed a bit sunken. 
His heart clenched. 
"Clean her grave, fill it, and lay new flowers here."
The man blinked up at him before nodding stiffly, "D-Do you have a request for what kind of flowers, Your Highness?"
He stilled and looked down at the grave. He looked across the graveyard and gasped, swearing that he saw her looking at him in the same gray working dress he saw her in the night of his engagement party. Her face was smeared with dirt. Her hair was a bit unkempt and her eyes were fierce. 
"roses."
###chapter 79: Desperate
Delia woke up early, dressed quickly, and skipped breakfast. Basil hadn't returned to her room the night before and the servants said he hadn't returned to his room by morning. She left her room hoping to run into him and found him standing in the doorway of her office, simply staring inside the room with a complicated look on his face. 
He didn't react as she walked towards him, but when she touched him, he turned his head and looked down at her. The shimmering attention had faded from his eyes. They seemed almost hollow and glossy in the early morning light. 
"Were you looking for me?"
" no," he said and frowned, turning from her. "I'm late for breakfast."
"We should go together."
"No," Basil said, shaking his head. "I'm having breakfast with my father."
Delia watched him walk away from her before looking back into the room. She hadn't changed anything in the room since she'd been given the key because she didn't spend much time in it. She hadn't even changed the way the desk was set up in the room from when Laura used it. 
Had he spent a lot of time in the office with Laura? She clenched her fist and turned. She'd start making major changes to erase Laura from the palace, but she needed to see Eden as quickly as possible. 

Something was off about Basil, Adolph thought as he entered the dining room. He was late, for one, and his eyes were sleepless and dreamy as if he wasn't quite asleep and wasn't quite awake. It reminded him a bit of his days on the front line in his youth, constantly fighting for his sanity against the raging tide of slipping into the rogue mindset. 
Why would Basil look that way? He had no martial training, nor any stressors that would contribute to him slipping into a rogue mindset. As he grew closer, Adolph could smell the scent of the wind on his clothes and dirt. There was dirt staining his clothing and his hair was a mess. He seemed pale and shocky.
"You look terrible," Adolph said as Basil lowered himself into his seat. "Are you alright?"
Basil's head bobbed a bit before he started eating. Adolph reached over to put his hand against Basil's cheek. He didn't flinch or even seem to notice, but his skin was cold and clammy. Werewolves didn't tend to get sick. 
Had he been poisoned?
Adolph set his silverware on the table and stood before hauling Basil out of his chair and half-carrying him out of the dining hall. Basil stumbled after him, slowing him down a bit until Adolph picked him up and ran towards the castle's infirmary.
"Your Majesty?" The doctor asked shocked as he lay Basil on the cot. 
"Check him over. Something is wrong with him."
Basil blinked blearily before his eyes closed and Adolph's heart lurched with fear. The doctor and her assistant began to examine him, mumbling between each other before pulling a blanket over him. 
"He's just exhausted, Your Majesty," the doctor said with a smile. "He just needs some rest."
Adolph eyed Basil suspiciously, "Keep an eye on him to be sure and alert his wife."
"Of course, Your Majesty."

Eden was getting ready to eat breakfast, pretend to care about someone's love prospects, and spend the evening contemplating his next course of action. 
Then Delia entered the inn in little more than a hooded cloak when he saw Delia enter. He sighed at her incompetence. Did she not even think to do a better job of hiding her face? She saw him and crossed the room towards him. He glared and stopped her in her tracks before glancing towards the back door. 
He turned towards the back door and led her away from the inn and into a secluded alley before turning to her. 
"What are you doing?" Eden asked, glaring at her. She looked up at him; her eyes were harried. He clenched his fist, waiting for her reply. Had Adolph found out about her poisoning attempt? It would be conspicuous to get rid of her now, but he could blame thugs in the capital. 
"I need more of it," Delia said. "H-He's I don't know? Fighting it? It's wearing off."
Eden relaxed and eyed her, "What are you talking about?"
"He growled at me," Delia said, wringing her hands. "It's not working. I don't know where you got it, but it's wearing off. You said it would-"
"Don't question my abilities because yours are lacking," Eden said, lifting an eyebrow at her. "What happened?"
Delia's jaw trembled, "He That girl woke up and took back the position of luna"
Eden listened with half an ear. He'd heard most of it from the servants already. It was useful to try and empty the royal treasury, but she was going about it stupidly. She should have been focusing on keeping the luna position and figuring out what Laurel was doing with the position and what other plans Adolph had, but he didn't choose her for her smarts. 
"As I said, it's not working anymore-"
"Even if I was inclined to give you more, it wouldn't do any good," Eden said. "It only works once."
"What?" Delia gasped, "That's That can't be right."
"It's supposed to last for at least a year, which would have been plenty of time for you to ensnare him otherwise, but it seems you pushed a lot of buttons you didn't realize were there and burned through your time."
"B-But if he finds out If he finds out he'll-" Eden darted forward, backing her up against the wall to glare down at her. 
"You are trying my patience," Eden said softly, barely a whisper against her neck. "Try some of those tactics you think work on me Try whatever you have to. Seduce him. Pump him full of guilt. Work at it until you have him around your finger Have his kids. Whatever it takes or be pulled."
Delia gasped, trembling at the graze of his breath across her neck. Eden pulled back. 
"Just know that if I have to pull you, you'll go back to where you came from or worse."
Delia gasped, "B-But"
"I can't afford loose ends." He stepped back, smirking at her. "Get going. You have work to do."
Delia ducked her head and rushed off towards the castle. Eden chuckled to himself as he walked back to the inn to eat. He hadn't been gone long enough for anyone to notice. With any luck, nearly no one noticed that Delia had been in the inn. 
A man he recognized came to sit with him and tell him about his love troubles. He offered advice as best as he could manage while considering his options. 
Finding out that Basil was breaking free of Delia's control was an unexpected turn of events, but it wasn't an insurmountable problem. Delia would do what was necessary to get him back under control soon enough. 
If she managed that, he'd give her the task of collecting more information. The servants were nice enough to provide him with enough information to make good guesses about what was happening and his relationship with Gavin made it easy to get a little more. He sighed and sat back in his seat. 
"I recognize that sigh," the man said. "Sounds like you've got love troubles of your own!"
Eden smirked, "I'm trying to convince her to run away with me but she thinks she's in love with another man."
The man laughed, "Who knew Eden was such a romantic?"
"No advice for my plight?" Eden asked dramatically with just a hint of a laugh. The man hummed. 
"Well, if you could manage it, you've got to make sure she understands you're the best man for her. Flowers and chocolate and stuff."
"And if that doesn't work?"
"Well if you were a werewolf, I'd tell you to fight him!"
Eden smirked, "That's the werewolf way of doing things, hm?"
The man laughed, "He can't be the best option if you can beat him in a fight!"
What a simplistic way of viewing things. 
He laughed and thanked the man for his advice before finishing his meal and heading back towards the palace. He nodded at the knights guarding the gates and walked down the halls until he reached Laurel's room and knocked. 
The priestess opened the door. Her eyes searched his face before she smiled lightly. 
"You seem troubled," she said and let him in. "I'm sure His Majesty will reward you greatly for taking the time out to help treat his fiancé."
The word burned him but he smiled anyway.
"Laurel is a good friend. I don't need a reward for helping her."
He rounded the table to start filling the boiling pot with water as she returned to grinding flowers and herbs into a fine paste. 
This would be the last dose of antidote Laurel would have to take, and Eden still hadn't made any progress on getting her to give up on Adolph and come with him. 
Maybe it could be as simple as a challenge of skill, but how could he challenge Adolph?
###chapter 80: Convincing
Laurel returned to her room after lunch to get the last dose of the antidote. The priestess smiled at her and bowed politely, whispering a blessing over her before she left. Eden was packing things up in a large trunk and the bottle she was supposed to drink was sitting on the table. She wrinkled her nose at the thought of taking it. 
"Isn't there a way to make it taste better?"
Eden laughed, "No, there isn't.  We've been over this."
It didn't hurt to keep asking. She took the little cup and tossed it into the back of her mouth before swallowing swiftly. She coughed and sputtered, reaching out for a glass of water. Eden handed it to her, and she was pleasantly surprised to find it full of juice.
Eden smiled, "I thought you deserved a treat to celebrate the end of your treatment."
"Thank you, Eden."
He took the glass and set it aside before looking at her, "Have you decided to stay?"
Her heart lurched at the question.  A spike of fear went through her at the thought. Having Adolph come to see her so often and focusing on fixing everything wrong in the palace.  had kept her mind off her terror, but when she was alone it came back and stole her breath away.  
Eden's offer was enticing. At the least, with him, she wouldn't have to worry about the dangers that lurked in the castle, waiting to kill her at any moment.
But she couldn't leave Adolph to face the threat of the vampire queen and her agents alone. She had to stay at his side as his shield, and him her sword. Her stomach quaked at the thought. For a moment, she was in the hall looking up at Adolph again, preparing to say her vows again. 
She shoved the memory away. 
"Yes."
Eden nodded; his expression was solemn, "If you change your mind, it's still on the table."
She smiled at him, "Thank you, Eden. For everything."
He shook his head, closing the trunk, "You don't need to thank me but I'm curious."
She turned to him, curious. 
"Is it worth it?" Eden asked, meeting her gaze. "Having a mate."
Laurel frowned, "What do you mean?"
"I don't know much about it I just wondered if, at least in your case, it's worth it." He lifted a shoulder a bit though his expression was pensive. "From what I've heard from everything that's happened, it just feels like you're in danger all the time and you always be in danger if you stay."
She swallowed, "What have you heard?"
"The last luna died, didn't she?" Eden asked. "Laura?"
She nodded stiffly. 
"And now, you've been poisoned on your wedding day" Eden winced, "It just seems like the position, the Raymond men, come with a lot of danger."
Laurel looked down, considering his question. The answers to his question and the feelings they evoked had been haunting her dreams for the past few days. She'd promised to stay at Adolph's side, but she couldn't say that Eden was wrong.
"It certainly seems that way, but" Laurel gave him a small smile, thinking of Adolph's warm smile and the feeling of his arms around her. "Now that I've met my mate, there's no way I could consider leaving him."
Eden stared and her heart sped up.  His grey eyes seem to be searching for some other answer.  She wondered what he expected. He nodded.
"I see," he turned to the door. "Well, I hope you find your happiness"
She frowned, "Are you leaving the city soon?"
He laughed, "Not at all! I actually have a meeting with the king to get to!"
She grinned, "That's great! It seems like you're striving to make the amount of difference you were hoping for."
His expression turned shocked and his eyes widened. He smiled warmly and his eyes seemed to be full of emotion. 
"Yeah it would seem so. Wish me luck."
"Best of luck, Eden."
Eden left and closed the door behind him, pressing a hand to his heart for a moment, stunned at the jolt of joy and warmth that had gone through him. He took a deep breath and continued down the hall towards the hall. He had to contemplate Laurel and his feelings some other time. 
Right now, he had a meeting to attend, a final report to give, and hopefully some information to gather. He entered the hall he had been directed to and found most of the ministers seated around the table. Basil was missing, but Adolph was seated at the head of the table, reviewing some paperwork. 
He looked up and their gazes met. He felt something go through him as their gazes met and let it wash over him. 
Adolph set the page down and nodded at Eden, "So glad you could make it, Eden. Take a seat and we'll get started."
He nodded, "As you wish."
Eden took the last seat available at the other side of the table and glanced around the room. The ministers, overall, looked confused about his presence, but he ignored them. Gavin shuffled his papers quietly as the door closed behind him. 
"I've called this meeting for several reasons. The first is to recognize Eden's help with Laurel's recovery. You have my thanks for lending your time to the priestess to treat Laurel."
"As I said before, Laurel is a good friend of mine," he said. "I do not need thanks."
Adolph sensed something in his almost placid tone, but he didn't address it. 
"The second is to deliver some official decrees about how trade and transport of food goods will be handled going forward. As you are a merchant, Eden, I thought you might want to know the changes that will affect you as soon as possible."
"I am grateful for your consideration."
Adolph kept an eye on Eden out of the corner of his eye while looking at the minister of commerce and letting his gaze drift over the room. The two generals were looking at him expectantly, the ministers all looked nervous as he hoped. 
"From here on and retroactively, the ministers' power to negotiate, sign, and execute contracts on behalf of the kingdom without Laurel or my approval has been revoked."
Eden's heart jumped and he watched Gavin flinch before the minister of commerce sputtered. 
"Your Majesty, that would be incredibly time-consuming for you or your future luna to review every contract."
Gavin agreed, but he also knew what the decree meant: Adolph was closing in on how much the ministers received in kickbacks from the human merchants. It was hard enough to figure out how to maintain his grip on the merchants he had after the decree regarding werewolf escort and search was announced. 
"No, it won't. At least not for long," he lifted a parcel of pages. "Because I don't intend for there to be a great number of contracts external to the werewolf kingdom. I've reviewed all the contracts that have been negotiated on behalf of the kingdom and are still in effect and found them all lacking."
"Lacking?"
"Yes, and in violation of several laws regarding the bribery of ministry officials and benefitting from the negotiation of deals," Adolph's smile turned cruel and knowing. "That being said, these merchants will be allowed to propose a new contract for review, but all will be thoroughly inspected regarding their trading routes and procedures."
He nodded and a nearby knight placed a stack of parchment in front of Eden. 
"That's a list of everything that will not be allowed to cross my borders even if the final destination is elsewhere." Eden picked up the list. "It should give you plenty of time to re-route your trade routes and move contraband out of the kingdom by the end of the week."
Eden reviewed the list and forced his expression to remain innocent. The list was long, but it was targeted. He didn't deal in slaves, but the supplies of certain gems, crystals, ingredients, and others were targeted to go against the vampire queen's needs as well as the witch covens that existed within the queen's borders.
"Your consideration is very gracious," Eden smiled at Adolph. "I'll be sure to speak with all the merchants under my command and adhere to the laws I'll also submit a new contract."
Adolph nodded, "I look forward to it."
Gavin swallowed looking between the two of them. Had Adolph figured out how much Gavin made through his relationships with the merchants? Without them, he'd be losing revenue at the worst time. 
Why couldn't Adolph have died on the front lines the way everyone expected him to? It would have made everything so much easier. Gavin reviewed the pages in front of him and barely listened to the rest of the meeting. 
He had to think of a way to get around Adolph's new laws and maintain his position in the kingdom. He glanced at Basil's empty seat and an idea began to form at the back of his mind.

###chapter 81: The Minister of General Affairs
He knew it was pointless, but he had to say it.  Didn't she realize that she was meant to be resting for a reason? He watched her enter his office the way she had for the past few days and stood. She froze in the doorway. 
"What's wrong?"
He lifted an eyebrow at him and came around the desk, plucking the pages from her hands and placing them on his desk. He ushered her out of his office and locked the door to his office behind him before lifting her off the ground. 
She squeaked and floundered in his arms, "Your Majesty!"
"We had a deal, didn't we?" Adolph said, descending the stairs as she tried to get out of his arms. "Stop struggling, precious. You won't get free."
Laurel turned bright red and turned her face into his shoulder, "Your Majesty, it's embarrassing."
"Perhaps it will be punishment enough for you to hold up your side of the deal," Adolph admonished gently, pressing a kiss to her temple as he reached the correct floor and walked towards her room.
"B-But Your Majesty I can walk."
"I can no longer trust that you know the way to your chambers, my love."
She sputtered as a nearby guard coughed into his hand to cover his laugh. 
"While I appreciate your dedication to the kingdom, you must rest. What good could you be when you are neglecting your health."
"Y-You don't take enough breaks either."
"I have not been ordered by the priestess to rest and recover properly," Adolph quipped as they reached her room. Sarah was exiting the room with a basket of clothes. 
Her eyes widened and she bowed deeply, leaving the door open, "Your Majesty."
"Thank you, Miss Sarah," Adolph said, entering and carrying Laurel to bed. "Indulge me with the knowledge that you have slept at least a bit today and I will indulge your need to right the kingdom."
Laurel's eyes glimmered with unshed tears as she ducked her head. A flash of fear went through her eyes and he sat on the edge of her bed. 
"What is it?"
Laurel's jaw trembled, " will you stay with me?"
He smiled and nodded, removing his boots and tucking her under the blankets before climbing up to lay on top of the blankets. She curled up to him, resting her head over his heart as he played with her hair. 
"This is not how I imagined us sharing a bed for the first time." "Your Majesty!" She gasped in horror and he chuckled. He pressed her close and kissed her forehead. 
"Rest, love. I won't leave you."
Laurel swallowed, tempted by his words. The warmth of him eased the tension in her shoulders and his scent led her out of the waking world and into the darkness of sleep. 
Adolph sighed with relief as she fell asleep and shook his head.  This wasn't how he intended to spend this morning, but he was grateful for the break as he closed his eyes and drifted off into sleep, warm and content to have her in his arms, alive and well.

Laurel woke up what felt like hours later. Adolph was awake at her side, seemingly just watching her sleep. Her face burned with embarrassment as he leaned in close and grazed his lips against hers. 
"How did you sleep, love?"
"Good," she said, timidly. He hummed and shifted closer to her. 
"Lunch is being brought," Adolph said, playing with a lock of her hair. "I hope this won't become a habit of yours."
"What?"
"Not taking care of yourself," Adolph said, "The troubles of the kingdom will not be solved in an instant, nor will the kingdom collapse if you stop to take care of yourself."
"I could say the same of you," Laurel said with a little pout. 
Adolph's lips twitched with the hint of a smile, "Unfortunately, darling, the kingdom would collapse without me."
She didn't want to laugh, but she couldn't help it. She scowled at his triumphant smile and sighed. She hadn't slept so well since before the disaster that had become their wedding day. 
"Now that you have rested," Adolph said. "What was it you were coming to see me about?"
"The national food stores," she said and looked up at him. "They're-"
"Nearly empty?" Adolph smirked, "I know."
She worried her lip. In her previous life, she hadn't had the time to pay too much attention to the minister of general affairs between her etiquette lessons and performing the duties of the luna, but as they were planning to dissolve the ministries, she'd been striving to make herself more aware. 
"What are we going to do?" Laurel asked, searching his gaze. "Your face says you have a plan."
"Several. The national food stores are the least of my concern at the moment," Adolph said. "Minister Mirabelle and the other ministers have at least enough sense to know that I am looking into the true state of my kingdom and you have been given authority to do the same."
She frowned, "I don't understand."
Adolph smirked, "You don't think they'll scramble about to cover all of their wrongdoings?"
Laurel frowned. She supposed, but replenishing the national food stores would take an immense amount of money. She couldn't imagine them doing it well enough to get away with it unless they all took a huge hit to their finances to make it happen. Between transporting the goods and bribing the attendants not to say anything, it wasn't something they could do easily. They, like Basil, enjoyed spending frivolously. All the money they had embezzled over the years had likely been spent just as soon as they'd gotten with one exception: Gavin. 
Gavin relied on the other ministers for power and influence. He'd use it as a chance to put tighter reins on the ministers and cover himself from backlash. All the money that would be needed to replenish the stores and the treasury to where it was meant to be would likely come from him. 
She gasped and looked up at Adolph, "You Are you planning to bankrupt them?"
He grinned, "I should at least get as much money back from them as possible, before formally punishing them?"
She wasn't sure if it was ruthless, conniving, or downright vindictive to force them to bankrupt themselves and still owe debts to the kingdom.
"With any luck, the kingdom will be repossessing all of their family lands as payment for their crimes. They may escape execution, by law, but it's unlikely they'll escape banishment."
She shuddered at the thought, "From the city?"
"From the kingdom," Adolph corrected. "I can't allow traitors to remain within my borders."
Laurel swallowed nodding, "Do you think they could be in league with the vampire queen?"
"It is unlikely," Adolph said and pulled her closer. "Though they may be being used by some of her agents."
Laurel nodded. She could see that. 
"I have a present for you," Adolph whispered. 
"What's that?"
"I'll let you fire the minister of general affairs."
She blinked and laughed, "What kind of present is that?"
He gave her a wicked smile, "The best kind. I've seen you, Laurel. You may look sweet, but there's a cunning mind behind those lovely eyes."
Laurel gasped as he kissed her once more, "And I adore it."
A knock sounded on the door before Sarah's voice rang out, "Your Highness? May I bring in lunch?"
"Of course," Adolph called out and sat up. "Shall we?"
He offered her his hand and she smiled at him, charmed. She took it and wondered what else he saw in her that she'd never seen in herself before. She glanced at the mirror on the far side of the room and nodded at the vision of Laura looking back at her before following Adolph to the parlor area.

The man Gavin sent to handle the restocking of the national stores had been a servant of the Mirabelle family for a long time. As he handed the bag of coins to the head attendant of the national stores for, hopefully, the last time and waved the caravan of food into the building, he regretted his decision to serve the grandfather of the prince for the fifth time that week. Other attendants scurried around to catalog the incoming food. The man gave him a sly look, pocketing the coins and He got a copy of the store accounts before he left and walked quickly to the minister of general affairs' office with the account. 
The man looked harried and fearful. It was a bit pitiful to think that Gavin was relying on a man who could not even manage to hold his composure to maintain a semblance of power in the kingdom, but he held his tongue and placed the account ledger and the letter from Gavin on the man's desk without a word and left. 
He headed towards the side entrance of the castle, a secret passage he'd used for years, and just as he was exiting, two knights in full armor stepped out, baring their fangs and looking threatening. 
"Come without resistance," one of them said. "And maybe earn yourself some mercy."
He swallowed thickly, looking between the two men and lifting his hands. 
He didn't get paid enough to die for the Mirabelle name.
###chapter 82: Memories and Terror
The roses were beautiful and vibrant in the dreary graveyard. The headstone had been polished and the grave had been refilled with fresh dirt and made to look neat. The sight eased something in Basil, but he still didn't know why he was there looking at Laura's grave. 
Grief? Guilt? Some misplaced sense of regret? Wasn't he happy? Hadn't he told her that she meant nothing to him? 
His chest felt tight at the memory. Her shocked expression, the tears in her eyes. 
*"You are nothing," he'd told her.* 
*She lowered her head. Her jaw trembled. Resignation and confusion rippled across her expression. Her shoulders began to relax into a defeated slump. He'd been a little thrilled to see it.* 
He winced thinking back to that night and rubbing the back of his neck. He'd felt powerful and on top of the world with Delia on his arm and looking down at Laura in her plain dress. 
*"I care not what happens to you after our divorce."*
He knew now it was a lie, but he turned away from the grave and kept walking. He didn't want to think about Laura or Laurel or anything else, yet it was all he could think about these days. 
His wolf was content to remain silent most of the time, but when he thought of Laura, he stood to attention and made his displeasure known. 
If he was so unhappy about it, why hadn't he said anything that night? Why had it taken her death and all of this time since then to get him to speak up about it?
*"Now, get out of my castle."*
He took a deep breath at the surge of guilt that went through him. She wouldn't have been dead if she'd remained in the castle. Even if he'd had her packed up and sent away by carriage or caravan, she would have been alive. 
He shook his head. It wasn't his fault she went running off into the forest. It wasn't his fault she'd fallen over the cliff and ended up dead. 
Someone cried out, startling him from his thoughts about Laura. He froze at the edge of the training grounds as a group of knights laughed and a young man was pulled to his feet. 
"A little more power on your left and you'll have it."
"Let me try again."
The older soldier laughed, "Take a break, kid. Next up!"
He looked over to the official entrance to the training pitch where the platform was. He could almost see himself and Laura standing there, watching the training one day early in their marriage. 
*"I bet His Highness is very handy with a sword," Laura said, her eyes sparkling as she watched the training exercises. "I hope you'll allow me to watch when you're on the pitch sometimes"*
*His pride had been struck and he sneered at her, "Why would a prince lower himself to train on a pitch with common soldiers?"*
*She blinked, frowning before ducking her head, "My apologies, Your Highness. I didn't mean to offend you."*
He remembered the sting of shame that had irritated him all day and made him leave her at the pitch. He avoided her for several days afterward until they were to have a formal dinner. The young man who had been thrown to the ground looked no older than Basil was, his eyes were bright. He was about as broad as Basil was but thicker as if he had substantially more muscle than Basil. Their eyes met for just a moment before the man seemed shocked. He nodded sharply and turned towards the resting bench.
He turned from the training pitch and headed back inside the castle. Delia was coming down the hallway, flushed, and heading straight for him when a knight called him. 
"Your Highness," the knight said. "If you could follow me. The Royal Beta, by order of His Majesty, has called for you."
Delia froze on her path and Basil nodded, turning to follow the man to Chasel's office. He'd been inside a few times, but he couldn't remember ever being called there. It was on the floor just below his father and the luna's offices. The knight knocked. Chasel invited him in and he entered, lost for why he would be called and what Chasel could want. 
Chasel looked up, looking at Basil for a long while. He'd known Basil his entire life, but he didn't think he had ever seen Basil so clearly as he did right now. 
The reports and testimonies he'd gathered from the former and current staff were damning, but it wouldn't be enough in trial to satisfy the letter of the law and get the minister of general affairs dismissed and banished and start cornering Gavin into a corner. 
"Sit, Your Highness," Chasel said gesturing to the chair. "I have quite a few questions to ask you."
Basil frowned, eyeing the chair before sitting and meeting Chasel's gaze. Chasel pulled out a scroll of parchment and dipped his quill, seemingly preparing himself for an extensive interview. 
"When was the first day you had martial training?"
Basil frowned, "What?"
"Martial training, Your Highness. Your first day."
"I've never had martial training," Basil said. "Why would I?"
Chasel took note, "We'll get to that. Are you aware of what the minister of general affairs is meant to do?"
" take care of general affairs?'
"Commerce?"
"The treasury."
" Finance."
"Paperwork for withdrawals from the treasury," he hummed. "Now that I think about it, I'm not sure why there are both of them, considering."
Chasel took another note and tried not to wince as Basil talked about consolidating the two. It was obvious that the man didn't know that they were separate for a reason. He asked about the purpose of all the other ministers before moving on to other matters of the kingdom. His stomach turned with guilt and apprehension. 
He didn't want to tell his alpha and king that his only son had the socio-political understanding of a misinformed four-year-old. Unfortunately, it was his duty and he took note of all of Basil's responses to what he knew, what he was taught growing up, and who were his tutors before reaching a point where he didn't want to hear anything else.
"Thank you for your time, Your Highness," Chasel said, dusting the page to make sure it was dry before rolling the page up. He looked at Basil. "I believe that's all I needed. Please enjoy your day. I think dinner will be served fairly soon."
Basil nodded and left. It was a strange conversation, but at least he wasn't being scolded and he'd gotten to avoid Delia for a little while. He headed back towards his chambers, trying to think about what he should do about Delia, but he was grateful to see his grandfather coming around the corner. 
"Grandfather," Basil greeted, smiling at him. The man flinched and hurried towards him before taking him by the arm and hurrying him down the hall into the minister of general affairs' office. He frowned as Gavin turned to him. 
"What did Chasel have to speak to you about?" Gavin asked. 
Basil shrugged, "Nothing much. He asked some strange questions."
"Like what?" Gavin pressed, staring at him. "It's important. What did he ask about? What did you tell him?"
Basil frowned at his grandfather, but he answered, all the same, going over the questions about the ministers and some other things that Chasel asked about, including the tribute from packs like Golden River.
"What did you tell him?"
"Laura was against it and the tribute sent to her was still received and given to the nobles, as was right."
Gavin's lips twitched, regret and fear boiling in him. He hadn't thought about preparing Basil for these sorts of questions, so sure that Adolph and Chasel would die in battle. Between Laurel and Adolph's audit of the palace, there hadn't been any time to prepare his grandson not to give away all the information they didn't need Chasel to know. 
"Did he ask about the Mirabelle estate?"
"Yes," Basil nodded. "And others. Why?"
"What did you tell him?"
"That you were very proud of the expanded west wing and"
Gavin groaned, pushing his hands through his hair.
"What's wrong?" Basil asked. 
He glared at Basil, "Did you not think to lie, Basil?"
*Did you not think?* Basil flinched at the sound of Laura's voice from the back of his mind. 
"Why would I lie to Chasel?" Basil asked. "It would be like lying to my father."
Gavin's eyes widened and he sighed, rubbing his head. He would have to figure out something. 
"Don't let Chasel interview you again without talking to me first," Gavin hissed and turned to the door.
Basil frowned as he left, leaving the door open behind him. His grandfather had never seemed so upset with him except for when he asked questions he shouldn't have. He had always been taught to be honest with his grandfather because lies were unbecoming of a prince. Why would he then expect him to lie to Chasel? 
He frowned and caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror. For a moment, Laura appeared, shaking her head pitifully. He shuddered and turned to escape the room as fast as his legs would take him back to his quarters. 
Delia wasn't there, thankfully. He closed the door of his bed-chamber and threw himself onto his bed with a sigh. His head was spinning. What was so important about Chasel's questions?

###chapter 83: A Moment Alone
Laurel was nervous. It wasn't as if she hadn't shared a private meal with Adolph before, but this was the first time they would be alone together for a meal since she woke up. Sarah was beside herself, bustling around to help her get ready as Laurel tried to figure out why she was so nervous. 
She hadn't been this nervous the day they were supposed to get married. Her hands trembled as she fidgeted. 
"All done!" Sarah cried and froze seeing how pale Laurel had become. 
Sarah worried her lip and placed a hand on her shoulder, "Miss Laurel?"
Laurel looked up then away, "I-I'm fine. I don't"
Sarah wrapped her arms around her and pulled her close, "Should I send word that you aren't feeling well?"
"No," she said, taking her hand. "I-I'm just I'm just being silly. I'll be fine."
Sarah eyed her suspiciously, but nodded and followed her out of the room to where Sam and Lynn were waiting. Sam nodded politely and they led them down the corridor towards the first floor. Rather than turning towards a dining room, they headed toward the gardens, and slowly, Laurel began to breathe easier. 
Adolph stood at the entrance of the garden with Chasel, holding a basket and a large blanket rolled under his arm. Laurel let out a shallow breath as he turned to look at her with a soft smile. 
"Good evening, Laurel."
"Your Majesty."
Chasel grinned before handing the basket to Adolph and bowing. Adolph offered her his arm with a smile. 
"I thought a change of location would be nice...less stressful. Are you okay to walk a bit?"
She smiled and nodded, wrapping her arm around his, "Thank you for this."
He always seemed to know how to make her feel better even when she wasn't sure if there was anything that could help her. How had he known that she would be apprehensive about sitting at a formal dining table again?
The thought made her shudder. 
He didn't lead her to the heart of the garden again but to another section she'd never been. The flowers there glowed like the flowers in the moon goddess' realm. He set the basket on a nearby stone and rolled out the blanket, helping her to lay beside him and look up at the night sky. 
Stars winked at them and the glowing crescent of the moon hung in the sky, lighting the garden a bit.
"Are you cold?" Adolph asked, pulling a cloak from within the basket.
Laurel slid closer to him, "Not by much"
He smiled at her and wrapped his cloak around her, careful to fasten it and pull her closer. 
"I thought we could use a bit of a break," he smirked. "Plotting the downfall of the ministries is hard work."
She laughed, "I was thinking that the minister of agriculture should be next."
Adolph chuckled, "I see, clearing out your side in the beginning, are you? It would get you quite a power boost."
She blinked and shook her head. She hadn't even thought of it that way. If anything, she thought it would help him to know that the people would be taken care of properly with the dissolution of an ineffectual minister of agriculture.
"I didn't, we can--"
"I am only teasing you," Adolph said. "I know you are doing it for the people, and I agree."
Laurel watched him look away from her.
"I want to be sure the people are in a good position before dissolving the ministries Unfortunately, the mess the ministers have made of the luna's affairs and the inner affairs of the kingdom started long before the issues on my side."
She swallowed, "What do you mean?"
He glanced at her, "Stealing money from the agriculture budget is much easier to do than passing ridiculous laws regarding the economy and our dealings with other countries."
She nodded. It was true, but now that he brought it up, she couldn't help but think that the situation was a bit fair. 
"I'm going to reopen the orchard, agriculture can wait. We should go after someone causing trouble on the other side."
Adolph pulled out an apple and shined it on his shirt, "I'm already working on that. The minister of commerce if you wanted to know. Tell me about your projects and how they're going. Is there anything I can do to help?"
Laurel smiled, feeling a bit shy, but she told him that the gates would be taken down by the end of the week and she got a preliminary idea of when It would have a tally of how much was salvageable and how quickly it would be possible to expand the orchard for further use.  They were lucky and that the kitchens had been keeping the orchard in good enough order so none of the fruit plants had died. 
 Adolph listened, nodding every once in a while to make sure it was clear he was listening, and he realized that she didn't need his help at all. She was more remarkable than he ever realized, a gift from the goddess.
One he had nearly lost for an old woman's petty jealousies One that a vicious monster of a woman was trying to keep from him at any cost. He had to find the culprit as soon as possible if you meant to have any peace in his marriage with  Laurel, but all the clues he had were leading in circles around the castle.  Whoever it was,  they were much better at hiding than he'd ever anticipated. 
"Now that you know how my projects are going,"   Laurel said, drawing him from his thoughts. "Tell me how your projects are going and if there's anything I can do to help you."
He stared at her for a moment without speaking and blinking it seemed. Maybe she had offended him, but there was something in his eyes that told her that wasn't the case. He seemed shocked and amazed. Maybe he was just shocked that she'd asked. Had no one ever asked if there was something they could do to help him? She was certain that Raven had offered plenty of times. Maybe he just wasn't used to it from anyone else. She remembered thinking that as luna she couldn't afford to ask anyone for help.  She couldn't afford to look incompetent or weak.  Maybe he felt the same way as the king.
Adolph couldn't think. He couldn't think of the last time anyone besides Chasel or his family had offered to help him. He couldn't even think of anything she could help him with, but the sentiment touched him all the same.
Perhaps this is what his father meant when he talked about the value of having a kuna at his side.
*A luna does more than look after your people.* *She will look after you as well.*
He took her hand and squeezed it, "No, there isn't.  Should we talk about something more upbeat now?"
" I'd like that."
 They sat under the stars talking about books from Adolph's childhood And all the far reaches of the kingdom he had visited. It was a bit like listening to Eden tell his tales from his trips but better somehow. The light in  Adolph's eyes warmed her in the chill of the night.  They shared the food Adolph had prepared for them, laughed, and joked as if they would be forever alone in the garden.
 Laurel found herself tugged close to him, giggling about an incident from his youth involving a sparrow.
" I cannot believe I am telling you this story"
 She left, " I imagine your sister and cousins already know the story so who else would you tell?  Your son?"
The thought seemed to give him pause. Had Basil never heard any of these stories about Adolph's youthful antics or his grandparents?  She supposed not.  she doubted that Gavin would have ever told these stories because Gavin likely didn't know them. If Raven and the others have been allowed to spend more time with him, perhaps he would know his father better, but that wasn't the case either.
"Maybe I should  tell Basil that is.  I have no way of knowing what he thinks of me now, but I can guess it's not very flattering."
" What makes you say that?"
"... a feeling.  I don't think he had the time to speak to anyone who knows me.  Between the war and the politics, I'm almost certain that he only sees me as a warrior and has little regard for me as  his father."
Laurel sat up and looked down at him, curious about his thoughts. Did he not know how much Basil idolized him? How could he not know? Looking back, it was clear that Basil wanted to be as great of a king as he believed his father to be and likely as great of a king as Adolph was. He had a serious personality issue, but his lack of knowledge could be fixed.
"He seems to trust me to a degree, but  that's not the same seeing me as a person, nor respecting me as his father, let alone as his king." He sighed. "He is too old to be attempting to father him like a child but his actions and lack of awareness of the world give me little choice in the matter."
Laurel never would have guessed that he had such thoughts about his relationship with Basil. For a moment, she wondered what Basil thought of their relationship. Whatever she said to Adolph would benefit Basil in some way. She didn't want that, but she didn't want Adolph to carry the feeling of failing his son and heir. 
"I think if you gave him the chance to know you," Laurel said. Adolph lifted his head to meet her gaze. "If you gave him a chance to learn from you, you might be surprised about what he thinks of you."
Adolph's lips twitched and he pulled her back into his arms, "Maybe."
###chapter 84: The Second Attempt
Laurel woke up, curled up to Adolph underneath the early morning sun. She blinked blearily up at him and smiled at how peaceful he seemed in the early morning light. Birds twittered nearby. The sun was just starting to warm the air. 
"Adolph?"
One of his eyes opened and focused on her before he threw his arm over his face and turned to bury his face in her shoulder.
"Go back to sleep before Chasel comes out to interrupt us with castle nonsense."
She snickered, "Oh no, Your Majesty all the petal jam is gone."
He narrowed his eyes at her and seized her by her waist, tickling her until she shrieked. 
"You find such an event funny, do you?"
She twisted, trying to get away from him and shrieking, "Forgive me, Your Majesty! I was merely joking!"
He grinned, watching her laugh and squirm around beneath him. 
"Oh? Were you? I'm not sure if you're being sincere in your remorse!"
Chasel walked towards the guards he'd set up to keep a guard over Adolph and Laurel's dinner the night before. The guards had changed out, but this set looked highly amused. Chasel lifted an eyebrow at one of them as he flashed a grin and Laurel's shriek tore through the air. 
He chuckled, approaching their secluded area and finding Adolph pinning Laurel beneath him. Her arms wrapped around his waist as he seemed to be marauding her mouth. Chasel's jaw dropped as Laurel let out a little moan and he quickly walked back behind the tree he passed. 
He hadn't been prepared to see Adolph in such a state. He smiled to himself, understanding why the guards seemed so amused. It was good that they were recovering from the scare. He wanted to give them more time, but the ministers needed to be dealt with as soon as possible.
Adolph had already dismissed the minister of general affairs in swift quiet, so none of the other ministers knew, but if Chasel was right about what he planned to announce, it was best to get him washed up, fed, and dressed to be as menacing as possible.
Chasel stepped back from behind the tree and approached the two.

Laurel gasped as Adolph growled against her neck, licking at the mating mark and sending shivers of pleasure through her.
"Y-Your Majesty, please"
Someone cleared their throat and Adolph growled again, looking up as Laurel squeaked and hid her face in his chest. He glowered at Chasel. He had been grateful the man had retreated before Laurel had noticed his presence before, but he was not happy about being interrupted.
"Y-Your Majesty, please," Laurel whispered furiously.
"You're interrupting, Chasel and embarrassing Laurel."
"I am well aware of your lack of shame, Your Majesty," Chasel said primly. "I thought you might want breakfast before you deal with the ministers."
Adolph groaned, "Fine, fine."
He lifted himself and smiled down at Laurel who had covered her face.
"Shall I escort you back to your quarters so you may prepare for the day, Laurel?"
She scowled at him over the edges of her hands, flushed and embarrassed. How was she supposed to sit beside him and attend to serious matters knowing they had been caught in such a compromising position by Chasel?
"That would be most kind, Your Majesty."
He chuckled at her tense tone and stood before pulling her onto her feet. He threw the blanket over his shoulder and grabbed the basket, taking her hand and leading her back to the castle.
He pressed a kiss to her hand and left her at the door to her quarters before returning to his quarters and getting ready for the day. He felt refreshed and at ease. Chasel came to him as he was getting dressed in his best vest.
"Perfectly menacing," Chasel said with a nod.
Adolph grinned, "So glad you approve. Shall we?"
They reached the hall and Adolph didn't address the empty seat though every minister was staring at it. He took his seat at the head of the table and nodded as Henry, Dorian and other heads of the surrounding packs entered and took their seats. The table was full within a few minutes leaving only the minister of general affairs' seat empty.
"We are awaiting one more person."
The door opened just as the ministers seemed to relax, and Laurel glided in wearing a gown several steps above casual with a black bodice, mirroring his black vest. She walked around the table as Adolph stood to help her sit in the luna's seat to his left.
Basil's eyes widened and he was stunned into silence seeing her. Was she supposed to be here? Had his mother sat there? He glanced at Gavin, confused. He had never been in any of the ministry meetings before Adolph had returned, let alone Laura. Gavin told him that his mother had known her place as luna and was nothing like Laura. 
His head was spinning. 
"I've called this meeting to discuss my marriage to Luna Laurel," Adolph said. "Everyone in this room is aware of the poisoning attempt on my life and Laurel's, but the investigation has led nowhere."
Laurel forced herself to keep calm and to maintain a composed face even as her heart wanted to beat out of her chest. 
"With all due respect, Your Majesty The minister of general affairs"
Adolph smirked, wicked and knowing, "Has been dismissed, and will not be replaced. Luna Laurel will be taking over his duties as he was found in violation of his position."
Basil swallowed the gasp as his grandfather's expression grew tense on the other side of the table. 
"It is unlikely that they will attempt poison again, but they are aware that my wedding is the most opportune time to attack. To that end, we will hold my marriage ceremony at the old temple, ensuring the safety of the constituents and Luna Laurel. It will force whatever vampire forces have come to a disadvantage."
He didn't understand why, but he nodded. 
"Chasel, Luna Raven of the Black Mountain Pack, and Luna Irene of the Red Forest Pack will be in charge of organizing the ceremony. I expect Minister Mirabelle, the minister of peace, and my son to make themselves fully available to them for any reason as is their duty."
Basil frowned looking at Gavin though he flushed a bit. Adolph turned to look at Raven. 
"Luna Raven and Luna Irene, thank you in advance for your efforts."
They beamed at him and turned a kind smile to Laurel. 
"Anything to be of service, Your Majesty."
"Alpha Henry and Alpha Dorian, I appreciate you loaning your wives for this endeavor."
They laughed. 
"Do not say it as though we had a choice in the matter," Henry said with a grin at Laurel. "You have a strong woman at your side. I have a feeling you know the feeling."
Laurel ducked her head as a soft red flush spread across her cheeks. It was such a sweet expression Basil was stunned. 
"Your Majesty, what of Prince Basil's wife, Lady Delia?" Gavin asked, "Surely, you do not mean to exclude her from assisting? Should she not be here as well?"
Adolph lifted an eyebrow at him, "Are you feeling alright, Minister Mirabelle? To ask such a question makes me question your mental health."
Gavin sputtered, "Y-Your Majesty."
"Though I suppose, this is not something you had to remember considering the circumstance of your position. The wife of the heir can only be included by invitation of the luna outside of the ceremonial place at the brunch table."
Basil looked at Laurel, who looked at Raven and Irene, "If you need an extra pair of hands, you have my leave to call on Prince Basil's wife."
Raven nodded, smiling at her, "I'm sure a young, new wife has better things to be doing these days than preparing another's wedding? It will be unlikely but thank you for the offer. Is there anything we should take note of?"
Laurel nodded at her. She knew it was, but it felt good to be able to say that Delia was free to participate if needed. It felt as though she had lost some of the bitter resentment and hatred from her past life. She looked at Basil who seemed confused and a bit lost at the conversation and felt the faintest stirring in her heart. 
She looked at Adolph and smiled before looking back at Raven. 
"Nine on all fronts," Laurel said and watched Raven's eyes shine with joy. "And all the traditions you can manage."
Irene grinned at her, "As Her Majesty commands, so it will be."
Laurel nodded, "I'd like as much of the food sourced from the orchard as possible."
Adolph watched the ministers' faces. Among them, Gavin was the least surprising. He looked furious.
Good. In his experience, anger in an opponent led to an opening and a decisive end. 
He smirked as an idea came to mind. 
What would make the vampire queen and her forces angry enough to show their hand?
###chapter 85: Desperate Tactics
If there was one thing Delia could be sure of, it was Basil's physical attraction. He was a man, after all. She eyed herself in the mirror, examining every inch of her naked form beneath her robe.
She thought back to Eden's comment and huffed. She never thought she'd be reduced to trying to get pregnant by the idiot prince, but desperate times called for desperate tactics. 
She closed her robe and resolved herself to walk to Basil's chambers. She'd put off sleeping with Basil since they got married with excuses, but that ended tonight.
She wondered if Laura had ever slept with Basil and sneered as the thought came to mind. She had no reason to compare herself to a dead woman who was too stupid to use her station to her advantage. 
The woman hadn't even needed to use any tricks to get there and she'd been ousted with ease.
She walked down the corridor to reach Basil's room and found it empty as she entered. She looked around with a sigh before closing the door behind her and going to his bed-chamber. He wasn't there either.
Where could he be?
She sat on the bed, worrying her lip and trying to calm herself. Maybe he was heading back or talKing with his father. There was no telling.
She waited And waited until the door finally opened. Carefully, she arranged herself on the bed, allowing her bare legs to show through the slit of her robe as he entered the room. 
Basil stopped, feeling her presence, and turned to stare at her for just a moment before the tension in his shoulders eased. Delia smiled at him and leaned forward, letting the robe slip from her shoulder. 
"Hello, alpha"
Basil blinked at her. Eyeing her carefully. She smelled good, the perfume wafted around the room, filling the air with a cloying scent. Her hair was down the way he liked and she was naked beneath the robe, yet his blood didn't burn, his heart didn't stir. 
His wolf scoffed at the way she addressed him and turned away, unwilling to see anymore with such disdain it made his heart clench. 
He turned his head to the mirror on the far wall and in it saw a nervous, young, sweet Laura standing beside the bed in a long white gown. He recognized the vision from the night of their wedding. Tina had deposited her in his room after she changed from the wedding ceremony. Her face had been red and bashful, sweet and innocent. 
There had been only anxiety and hope in her eyes.
*"Y-Your Highness, I"*
*"Who told you to come here?" Basil asked, looking at her. "Get out."*
*Her eyes grew glossy, but she ducked her head with an apology and escaped without another word.*
He swallowed the pang of guilt that went through him and looked back at Delia. 
"I know I" Delia tucked a lock of hair behind her ear, looking down, a bit bashful, but her eyes seemed different. He couldn't say what it was. "Have been putting it off, but I want to try"
He approached the bed slowly and she leaned up, getting onto her knees and allowing the robe to slip off her other shoulder, nearly baring her breasts. She was beautiful looking up at him, a dream for someone, but the sight of her felt painful. 
He sat beside her and cupped her face gently. She leaned close, her dreamy eyes drawing him in. How easy would it be to forget it? To slip the robe off her shoulders and lose himself in the pleasure of being with her? 
Easy. 
Something flickered in her eyes, a little bit of triumph that burned him and he drew back before his lips had grazed hers. He turned away from her. 
"You should You should return to your room, Delia."
She gasped, "B-But alpha I thought"
She swallowed, her eyes burning with tears of frustration as she tried to keep her voice sweet and pleading. After months of salivating over the idea of getting into bed with her, he was pulling away from her like this? 
"I thought you wanted me," Delia said softly, making her voice tremble. "Do you not want me anymore?"
Basil couldn't answer that question. He didn't know what he wanted anymore. 
"It's not that, Delia," Basil said gently, "It's just been a long day, and I have to get up early in the morning"
His lips twitched wryly as he started to unbutton his shirt, "I wouldn't want to have to cut it short because I can barely keep my eyes open."
Delia pouted, "I haven't seen you all day"
He sighed and sank into the chair beside his vanity and pulled off his boots. He was so tired he didn't even want to bother calling a servant to run him a bath or undress him, content to do it himself just to speed up the process. 
*What would Laura think of that?*
He winced at the twinge of pain that came with the thought.
"I'm sorry, Delia," he said. "I've been with my father's side of the family all day They've been demanding, to say the least."
His head was spinning with Raven's voice, lecturing him about the history of the Raymond family. He didn't know what to make of it. His grandfather had never mentioned anything they talked about and he had to remember it all for the sake of his future.
His father knew all of these things. At least, that is what Raven said and there was no one he could trust more to tell the truth about his father than his aunt. 
"Well, you're the prince," Delia said. "You should just not go."
Basil froze, "Not go?"
"Yes," Delia said, "They can't make you do anything. Who are they but a bunch of leaders from packs that you'll be over when you take the throne Aren't you already above them?"
Basil looked up at her with a frown and narrowed eyes, "I would never shirk my duties towards my position."
Delia flinched at his tone and drew back. Basil lowered his head and went back to undressing. 
"And it's insulting to think I would," Basil said as he stood, "I don't know what this is all about or how my grandfather could have forgotten this part of my education, but if my father needed to know it to become the king he is, I have to learn it as well, and I will."
He went to his bathing chamber, "Good night, Delia."
Delia stared after him, bristling at the clear dismissal in his voice. She pulled her robe closed and took in a shuddering breath. The panic began to rise, but she fought it down until she could stand and return to her room. 
She'd messed up. She had to fix it and change her behavior. She didn't have any aid helping her now, obscuring her mistakes from his eyes. He was thinking and seeing far more than he had before and likely ever had. She had to be careful. 
If she couldn't regain control over him, it would all be over for her and that couldn't happen. 

Basil went to bed mere moments after Delia had left his room, grateful that she had not seemed to want to fight as he was pulled into sleep as soon as his head hit the pillow. 
He was awakened by the stern voice of an older attendant who had once worked at the castle and was now a member of the Black Mountains pack. 
"Your Highness, please wake up or I will be forced to use drastic measures."
He groaned and turned, looking up at the older man with a glare. His body ached, but he sat up and looked at the man before rubbing his eyes.
"Excellent," he said. "If you would please dress casually, I will escort you to where Alpha Henry and Alpha Dorian await you."
He grunt and rolled out of bed, exhausted though he slept through the night. He dressed in his most casual attire, careful to put his most worn boots on and try to comb his hair in one direction before following him. 
He followed the man to the door leading to the garden. Henry was eating some sort of roll and Liam was laughing, high and relaxed. Looking at them, he felt oddly overdressed. Their clothes weren't full of holes, exactly, but they were dingy as if the dye had been washed from them. Their boots were older and covered in mud. 
How could they be seen this way? Were their packs in such dire straits?
Henry grinned at him, "Morning! How'd you sleep?"
Basil grimaced, "Not long enough."
Liam nodded, "You'll get used to it. Breakfast?"
Basil nodded and Liam offered him a satchel. He frowned at the bag and took it before reaching inside and pulling out a warm roll wrapped in cloth. 
"Maria's the best," Henry said, his eyes twinkling. "Come on, we're already running a bit close to time."
Basil wanted to ask what he meant, but the scent of the bread and hot meat made him put the roll in his mouth and follow them without question. They walked past the portions of the garden he knew about and had visited often until they reached an overgrown section. 
He didn't know the royal gardener to slack off. 
"Ah, I see what she meant. Well, it could be worse."
Liam snorted, "You're only saying that because you love mother so much it would hurt you to speak against her."
"As it should hurt you."
Dorian scoffed, "Well, she's not my wife and I say her description was a gross understatement."
"What do you mean?" Basil asked. "What is this place?"
"This is the site of the old temple, the royal temple to be specific I'd say we could have it back up to standard within a month."
Basil froze. What could that possibly mean? 

###chapter 86: A Break From The Castle
Basil swallowed, hazarding to ask. What he was implying was preposterous, but he needed to know for certain whether or not it was what he was expecting.
"We?"
Henry nodded, "We."
"But what about the gardener?"
Dorian shook his head, "You know nothing"
Basil flinched and Henry shoved Dorian, "Really Dorian? You're as bad as your wife."
"That's why we're great together."
Liam snickered and Henry let out a long put upon sigh. While he agreed that Dorian and Irene were a match made, ordained, and blessed by the moon goddess, that didn't mean he appreciated him stepping on Basil's likely fragile ego. They'd all agreed that they would do their best to educate Basil as a favor to Adolph. The man had nearly lost his life several times over protecting them all and had lost over two decades of his life to a loveless marriage so that he and Raven could raise Liam in peace and safety. 
Whipping Basil into shape and undoing all the damage Gavin had done over the years was the least they could do.
"People not related to the Raymond family, the royal family specifically, aren't allowed to tend the area. It's an old promise of the family. Luckily, between all of us, and if we can get the monster that is the king to come out and help, we'll have it done in time for the wedding."
Basil couldn't believe what he was hearing as Henry waved to someone behind him. 
"Just in time!" He called, "Over here."
The royal gardener approached, his eyes were filled with amusement as he wheeled a wheelbarrow full of tools over to them and Basil watched it grow closer with a deep sense of apprehension. What was he supposed to do with any of these things? He recognized nothing in the wheelbarrow
"Thanks, Oliver!" Henry said cheerily, "I think we've got it from here."
"Always a pleasure, Alpha Henry," the gardener, Oliver, walked away with a little amused smile that Basil felt was aimed at him. 
He thought of all the times he'd asked how hard being the royal gardener could be that he couldn't help elsewhere and shuddered. Henry walked over and passed tools out before leading them closer to the site. 
"Let's get started!"
Raven and Irene walked out the back door, to check with Henry about what he thought was a reasonable timeline. When they arrived, Basil let out a shrieking wail, tumbling headfirst into a pile of tangled vines and mud. Liam burst into laughter as Henry sighed and shook his head.
Basil pulled himself free, red-faced and mortified. He threw down the hoe in his hands and turned to leave. Raven stepped into his path.
"Prince Basil--"
"I refuse to be humiliated any further," Basil hissed. "Step aside, Luna Raven."
"Do you think falling into the mud is more humiliating than being shamed in front of the noble court?" Basil gasped, flinching at the bolt of pain through his chest. Irene lifted an eyebrow at him. Irene tilted her head, "Or perhaps, being divorced at your ex-husband's engagement party? Tell me, Your Highness."
"I wonder what your father would think," Raven said lightly. Basil swallowed, clenching his fist before Raven walked around him. "I think His Highness needs a bit of a break. He'll be back soon enough."
Basil took the out and left the area as fast as his feet would carry him.
Again, his feet brought him to the graveyard to where her plain headstone stood. He didn't know how long he stood there, staring at it as if she would rise from the grave. He swallowed, guilt rolled slick and heavy through him, making him a bit nauseous. 
Her vibrant green eyes filled with tears before she turned and went running off into the night. He hadn't given her a second thought the entire night. He winced as he remembered the sight of her body, mangled and waterlogged. 
*"Bury her as cheaply as possible," he'd said, waving his hand. "Notify her parents that they're welcome to come and collect her body if they want."*
He hadn't even visited the grave until that hazy night. He stared at the grave and eventually turned back. His feet took him back to the temple site, picking the hoe back up and pulling at the tangle of weeds around the stone steps in ashamed and guilty silence. Raven and Iren were still there speaking with Henry, but he didn't address them or ask anything. 
If Laura was alive, she would have been with Raven and Irene with a glass of water and an encouraging word. She would have been kind enough to show him how to use the stupid tool without judgment or scorn. 
*Your Highness*, he heard at the back of his mind. I believe you can be a great king. 
His eyes burned a bit and he blinked them furiously, trying to ignore the burning in his chest as he fought the weeds. She had been the only one to ever tell him such a thing and he'd shunned her kindness, her earnest want to help, her advice, and everything that made her Laura.
No. He supposed mud on his clothes and vegetation in his hair wasn't nearly as shameful as what the last moments of her life had been like.

"Your Majesty?"
Adolph looked up. Sarah stood in the doorway wringing her hands, nervously. He set his quill down and focused on her. It had been several days since the meeting at which he'd announced the plan for their wedding. Laurel had left the meeting and gone to her office. He saw her every once in a while, usually when she 
"What happened?" Adolph asked. 
Her jaw trembled, "Forgive me, Your M-Majesty. I-I can't find her anywhere S-She said she was headed into the city earlier, to visit the hospital, but she hasn't come back. She's been acting very strange lately."
Adolph stood, his heart racing before he closed his eyes and reached out through their bond. It wasn't strong enough to send messages yet, but he could generally feel how far away she was and what her state of mind was. 
She wasn't far, within the castle he would guess, but her mind was in chaos. He frowned. He didn't sense a threat exactly. He got little flashes of her thoughts. 
Death. Fear. His face splashed with blood. He looked at Sarah. 
"What do you mean by strange?"
"She just seems very anxious"
Sleepless too he bet. 
"I'll take care of it. Thank you, Sarah."
He left his office with her, locked the door behind him, and rushed down the stairs until he felt her getting closer. He took a few turns frowning as he got further and further away from the more used parts of the castle. He followed the pathway through the side passageways until he grew suspicious. 
There were very few people living who would know how to use the secret passageway to the hidden parlor. Raven might have told her how to get there, but he doubted that was the case. Maria could have told her, but he doubted that. Laurel was young and not formally married into the family yet. The parlor was specifically for the luna and alpha of the kingdom. 
He slid a brick to one side and watched the door slide aside before entering the corridor. Her stuttered, panicking breaths echoed through the stone corridor and the stale air. Slowly, he approached the door and found it slightly ajar.
"Laurel?"
She flinched, sucking in a sharp breath and looking up at him. She couldn't breathe, seeming to be having a panic attack. 

The air shimmered and wavered around her, the walls felt like they were closing, squeezing all the air out of the room as he entered the room. He fell to his knees beside her and pulled her close, pressing her head into his chest and telling her to breathe. 
She could hear him, hear his heart and the breathing pattern he wanted her to mirror, but she struggled to follow it. Struggled to do anything but gasp and tremble in his arms. He rocked her gently, stroking her hair, talking to her. She couldn't make out his words, but the timbre of his voice was familiar and comforting. She heard her voice, talking, babbling probably, but she couldn't make out those words either. 
"I don't want to die again. I don't want to die again. I don't want to die again. Why did you send me back? Why me? Why me? I can't. I-I can't do this. I can't. I can't. I won't. I can't. I'll die again. I'll die again."
Adolph shuddered, stroking her hair. 
"Wh-What if it's the same person? What if they know I came back? What if"
"Laurel, breathe with me," Adolph said, pressing her into his chest. "Breathe with me. Come on, honey. You can do it."
Adolph kept coaxing her, hoping to break through her panic, and slowly, her babbling eased and her breathing slowed until they were breathing in unison. 
"There we are," he said gently. "Can you hear me, Laurel?"
She slumped against him, sniffling and clinging to him. Adolph swallowed. 
"You did well," Adolph said. "Sometimes I forget how young you are. I'm so sorry, Laurel I shouldn't have done it so soon."
She shuddered, her breathing breaking on her sobs. 
"Let's take a vacation, hm? We'll leave the castle for a bit."
He didn't know if she could hear him, but he turned over her words in his mind. She'd died before, or at least she thought she had. Someone had killed her and she feared they knew she had come back and were trying to kill her again. 
It would only make sense if she had been killed in the castle or near the castle. 
He lifted her from the ground and carried her back to the room trying to keep the thought out of his mind, but it wouldn't leave him. He lay her in bed and climbed in to hold her as she slept. He had never met Laura, but was it possible that she was Laura?
###chapter 87: The Lunar Temple
Sarah hurried to gather a simple traveling bag for Laurel. Chasel had given her very specific instructions about what was needed for the journey, so it was an easy task to complete. What worried her was that Laurel had barely said a word after Adolph found her, content to stare off into space for hours at a time without even glancing towards the door no matter what time of day it was. 
She hadn't even asked about Lily and the movements of the castle. Sarah had reported to Adolph Laurel's state and he promptly had Lily take over as much of Laurel's duties as she could to give Laurel time to collect herself. 
Everything else was to be put on hold. Sarah agreed that Laurel was in no state to be working, but she didn't know how to help her either. Sarah had tried to ask her, but Laurel had turned away from her, barely managing to say she didn't want to talk about it before Sarah decided to leave her with her thoughts and focus on getting her things together. 
Maybe Adolph had something planned that would help. They were mates. If anyone knew how best to help Laurel at this point, it had to be Adolph.
Laurel followed Sarah's guidance and mounted Adolph's horse in a bit of a daze. She wasn't even sure she could recount what was happening other than the fact that they were leaving the castle and she felt more relieved the further away the castle seemed to her. 
Adolph held her close and allowed her to remain quiet as they rode. Her mind was calm, almost empty like she was too tired to think about much of anything. It was concerning, but not as concerning as her panic had been.  
They left the city following the hidden roads. It wasn't until they were an hour out that Laurel spoke. 
"Your Majesty?" Laurel whispered, a bit dazed. 
"Yes?"
"Where are we going?"
He chuckled, "To the Lunar Temple."
Laurel gasped and looked up at him. She had heard of the Lunar Temple; everyone had. It was the main temple of the moon goddess. People went there to say prayers, be blessed, and contract priestesses to perform marriage rites all over the kingdom. It was a rather spiritual journey for anyone to go to the Lunar Temple. 
She had no idea that it had been so close to the castle, but in hindsight, it made perfect sense. How could anyone question the command of the Raymond family or the nobles who lived in the imperial city with the Lunar Temple practically in the castle's backyard? It made sense that all the packs that surrounded the castle had such good reputations and standing. They probably went to the temple regularly.
"Why are we going there?"
"I couldn't think of anywhere more peaceful and safer for us to take a break Even I don't need to keep my guard up there."
"Why?"
"The lands of the Lunar Temple are sacred to the moon goddess. It's said no violence can be committed there. Not even hunting. We'll pass into the lands soon. You'll feel it."
Laurel frowned and gasped as an indescribable sense of serenity engulfed her, pushing the fog from her mind and allowing her to relax. Adolph sighed into her ear and she felt him relax. 
"Soon, we'll pass the Valley of the Moon and reach the temple's main grounds."
She wondered what sort of place the Valley of the Moon was as the caravan continued. The trees gave way to a valley of lunar flowers in full bloom, radiant and sparkling like silver and starlight into the distance. Ahead, a proud white collection of buildings began to rise, softly glowing as if they had been built of moonlight.
"It's beautiful," Laurel gasped. 
"It is," he said as they reached the receiving area. He dismounted and helped Laurel down before taking her hand and leading her to the steps. Five women dressed in temple robes stood at the top of the steps. Each of them held bundles of white cloth and smiled as Adolph and Laurel approached. 
"Welcome, Your Majesty to the Lunar Temple," the priestess in the front said before turning to Laurel. "Welcome, Luna to the Lunar Temple."
Laurel bowed her head, "Thank you for having us."
"The white wolf is always welcome home."
Laurel gasped and the woman offered her a stack of white cloth.
"You will find the visitor's changing area down the hall to the left. Once you have changed, you will be shown your accommodations."
"Thank you," she said and glanced at Adolph. 
He smiled, "You'll get used to them knowing things about you."
Laurel doubted that was the case but went down the corridor. The air felt warm and welcoming and as she changed out of her clothes and into the simple robe she'd been given, she felt her apprehension start to disappear.  If Adolph could feel safe here, then she could as well.
The robe was soft and wrapped around her loosely except for the waist where she had to tie it. She smiled at the simple garment and almost wished she could always wear something so simple. Laura had spent hours upon hours being dressed and undressed due to complex corsets and gowns.
She walked back down the hall carrying her things and found Adolph waiting for her. He was barefoot, which struck her as odd, but she couldn't linger on that as she took in the sight of him draped in temple robes. He looked like a king from an old history book. 
He smiled at her and chuckled as his gaze dropped to her feet. 
"Your shoes as well."
Laurel ducked her head and bent to remove her shoes. He stopped her and kneeled beside her, keeping her steady as he removed her boots. It was a gallant gesture that made her heart quake. 
"It will be a bit strange at first, walking around without shoes on, but you'll get used to it."
She chuckled, "It seems like I'll be getting used to a lot of things."
Adolph stood, carrying her boots and handing them and her clothes to a guard. 
"We'll be here for a week or so You might even come to like it."
"Being barefoot?"
Adolph nodded, "The first time I stayed in the temple, I refused to wear shoes for about a week after our return."
She laughed, "What made you change your mind?"
"I stepped on glass." 
She winced, "Well, I think I'll more likely want to bring temple robes into fashion than do away with shoes"
Adolph chuckled, "I will gladly follow you in that cause."
Adolph took her hand and led her forward, "We'll take our blessings from the head priestess before entering the main part of the temple. Then have lunch if you're up to it."
Laurel nodded, "It sounds wonderful."
The head priestess looked at them with glowing white eyes above her veil. They seemed kind and knowing as she lifted a staff that bloomed lunar flowers and waved it over them. 
"So have come the sword and shield, defenders of the children of the moon goddess," she said, her voice seemed to echo through Laurel's heart and she heard the chiming of a bell and the sound of a lyre in the distance. 
A wind blew through the hall filled with the scent of the lunar flower and for a few moments, she thought she was back in the moon goddess' territory. She leaned into Adolph's side with a little sigh of relaxation. 
"This was a fantastic idea."

Eden kept a safe distance hiding among the trees and trailing behind the caravan escorting Adolph and Laurel somewhere no one was able to explain. He didn't know how far out they would be going or how long they would be gone from his sources in the castle, but he had a few ideas regarding where they could be going. 
Knowing where Adolph's secret villas and country homes were had its uses, but they didn't seem packed for a long or far-off trip. Wherever they were going, they would reach their destination within a day.
 A lover's retreat? A ripple of fury went through him and he let it pass through him and focused. Fury led to mistakes. Anger made haste and waste and potentially death.
He knew that. He'd seen it enough to know.
Eden felt the air heat and shimmer up ahead and stopped just before the burning became intense. There was nothing special about the area as far as he could tell, but Adolph, Laurel, and the caravan were riding forward as if the air didn't seem filled with fire. 
He reached out towards the heat and drew back cautiously. He knew of nothing that could produce barriers like this save for witches. He scowled at it and turned back, headed back to the city. He needed more information about what was going on. 
If such a barrier existed elsewhere, he needed to know. What was Delia doing that she didn't know about this and hadn't told him? Hopefully, she was at least making progress with dealing with Basil.
Otherwise, her usefulness was running out. 
###chapter 88: Sword and Shield
Laurel and Adolph ate lunch and dinner with the priestess. She was a bit too tired to brave a tour of the temple, but Adolph escorted her to her quarters with a chaste kiss on her cheek and told her to sleep well. She didn't remember falling asleep, but she awoke refreshed. She slept without dreaming and woke up calm. Maybe there was something to be said about the moon goddess' presence in the temple. She had never felt so safe while being conscious before. 
She rolled out of bed and wiggled her toes against the warm stone beneath her feet. It was a bit weird, walking around barefoot, but she left her room in the plain white robes she'd been given. 
She walked down the corridor and found Adolph lounging beside one of the fountains reading a book. He looked up and smiled at her. 
"Hello, Laurel," he said and sat up. "Did you sleep well?"
She nodded. She almost didn't want to get up. After several days of waking up screaming or not sleeping at all, she had begun to wonder if sleep would ever come again. The first time she died she hadn't had nightmares like this, but maybe they had all just been suppressed by the joy in her new found freedom.
She sat beside him, clasping her hands together, "You?"
"Better than I have in ages" He smirked. "I think some of my old injuries have healed too."
She chuckled. She couldn't be surprised. She wondered, for a moment, if being in the temple was also helping her body recover from whatever traces of the poison still lingered in her system. 
"What are you reading?"
"Journals of priestesses," Adolph said and slid closer, "This volume is from a priestess who was once known as Avina Raymond."
She blinked, "You have priestesses in your family?"
It was incredibly rare to have a priestess in someone's family. Not as rare as a black or a white wolf, but pretty rare. Such a trait was said to linger in the entire bloodline. 
"Several," he said, rocking back. "Aria, whom you've met, one of my cousins would have been a priestess if she hadn't found her mate. One of my aunts is a priestess on my mother's side My youngest sister--"
"You have other sisters?"
He chuckled, his eyes sparkling, "Raven and I are the eldest, and I am the only male heir."
"Have I met these other sisters?"
He gave her a knowing grin, "Yes."
She frowned, thinking back to the priestess who had presided over their ceremony and helped nurse her back to health.
"... the priestess?"
"There's one out of three."
She shook her head, "Why isn't this well-known? That the Raymond family has such a close tie to the moon goddess?"
"What do you mean?" Adolph asked, "Where do you think the *Goddess-Blessed* epithet came from?"
She sighed, "I suppose I never thought of it that way"
Adolph sighed, "When a priestess enters the temple, they give up their name and claim to formal ties to family and pack. Every priestess is considered an avatar of the moon goddess, meant to guide us while alive."
Laurel smiled listening to Adolph speak about what the journal spoke about. She hadn't thought much of the Goddess-Blessed epithet, just thinking that it referred to his victory streak and the fact that he seemed to escape every battle mostly unharmed. 
The bells chimed and Adolph stood, "Let's get to breakfast, hm?"
She nodded as her stomach rumbled a bit. Breakfast was quiet and simple and afterward, Adolph led her around the temple through the atrium in the center of the main building to the edge of the gardens where a babbling river flowed. It felt a bit surreal that they were wandering around without anything pressing to do. 
"You seem antsy," Adolph said, "Unaccustomed to a vacation?"
Her lips twitched, "You caught me."
He twined his fingers with hers and squeezed as they walked on towards an orchard of fruit trees. He reached up and snagged an apple before offering it to her and snagging his own. 
"Are we allowed to do that?"
Adolph chuckled, "Of course. Just because they serve all the meals doesn't mean other meals are prohibited. It's encouraged to enjoy the bounty of the moon goddess after all."
Laurel nodded and bit into her apple before frowning. The color of the apple seemed familiar, but she couldn't place where she'd seen such a uniquely golden apple.
"What kind of apple is this?"
He grinned, "It's a Sol apple. They only grow on temple land. There's a small gathering of Sol trees behind the old temple site at the castle, but they haven't bloomed since I went off to war."
Her heart lurched as she gasped. The portrait had been painted of him in that orchard. 
"My mother insisted on having a painting of each of us among those trees," he chuckled and took another bite. "I have no idea where the portrait went, of course."
Laurel took another bite, "It was in the luna's office."
His eyes widened and he looked at her as they walked along the backside of the temple. 
"You've seen it?"
"It was on the desk" Her face burned. "It's in the drawer now."
He lifted an eyebrow at her, "Oh?"
She scowled at him, "Yes."
"Interesting place for a portrait"
"Your Majesty, please don't tease me."
"Very strange place to place your soon-to-be husband's portrait" Adolph grinned at her, "Was it distracting perhaps?"
She scowled at him, "Nothing of the sort!"
How did he know? She couldn't keep the blush off her face.
He laughed, his eyes twinkling, "While I am not the young man I was then, I certainly hope you still find me as attractive."
She grumbled, "You've only grown more attractive, you knave."
She froze, realizing she'd said it out loud as he gave her a sly grin. She focused on eating her apple and ignored him as they continued to walk. Adolph didn't tease her anymore and she took the time to enjoy being with him. 
Sure, when they married it was doubtful they would have this kind of time together anymore. There was the matter of dissolving the ministers, new courtiers, and cleaning up the mess the ministers left behind to consider, not to mention the assassination plot. There was still the matter of Laura's death as well. Was it possible they were all connected?
They came to a stop near a stained glass window and sat on an old stone bench, enjoying the clear air and the breeze. She frowned, looking at the window with interest. A white wolf and a black wolf were charging forward into battle against darkness. They ran side by side across the sprawling scene leaving behind a depiction of the castle. 
The white wolf was always meant to stand in defense of the kingdom, but how was she meant to do that at Adolph's side. 
"What are you thinking about so deeply?" Adolph asked, his tone light.
"That stained glass mural"
Adolph looked over at it and hummed, "It's been there since the temple was built."
"What do you think it means?"
"I was told that the black wolf is the sword and the white wolf is the shield of the kingdom," Adolph said. "Though, I'm pretty sure that the window is a depiction of the first conflict werewolves ever had with vampires long ago."
Laurel frowned. She'd never heard the story. Adolph slid closer, directing her gaze around the mural. In the beginning, the moon goddess and the sun god created everything. Werewolves and vampires were created as brother species and once loved equally. 
"Once, vampires didn't fear sunlight" Adolph said, "But they grew greedy."
Vampires didn't transform into an animal form and they felt themselves better than werewolves. They wanted to control everything and challenged the sun god and the werewolves. He burned them for their insolence. The moon goddess bound them to the night, giving werewolves the upper hand. 
The first two wolves who stood against the vampires were a mated pair, a white and a black wolf. 
"I don't know how much truth there is to the story, but that's what I've been told about the mural."
"You said that the vampire queen was behind the attack. Does that mean the war isn't over?"
Adolph chuckled, "I never believed that the war was over. We won a decisive battle, but no war has ever ended so easily. We've been fighting them off and on for centuries"
Until the vampire queen was killed or completely subdued, the war would never truly be over. 
Laurel could hear his concern as she focused on the white wolf. She had little power to fight a vampire, let alone another werewolf who may have sided with the vampires. How was she meant to defend the kingdom at his side? Her heart lurched. Shouldn't she be more concerned about how she was going to keep herself alive? She couldn't depend on him all the time. 
She had to find and master whatever strength she had and use it to her advantage. Adolph was right. It was unlikely that they would poison anyone again. A physical attack was the most plausible. She had to be as ready as Adolph seemed to be. 
She looked at Adolph searching his gaze before asking, "Would you teach me to defend myself?"

###chapter 89: Lingering Effects
It wasn't an odd question, but the timing felt strange. He was serious when he said it was unlikely that the vampire queen's forces would try to poison him again, but did she think that they would attack the capital? Or rather, did she believe that he couldn't protect her?
"Why?"
Her lips twitched and she nodded at the depiction. Adolph looked at the window and winced. 
"You don't think it's just a metaphor?"
"Can you handle a sword?" She asked with a wry smile. 
He sighed, "I suppose you have a point"
"If something happens," Laurel said. "I don't want to be a useless shield."
She looked up at him, "You wouldn't begrudge me that, would you?"
Adolph grumbled. She knew he would never begrudge her anything. 
"Very well," Adolph nodded. "As soon as we get back, I'll arrange someone to train you."
She smiled, "Thank you, Your Majesty!"
He growled, backing her up against the wall and leaning in her space. Her face turned red and she let out a shuddering little breath. 
"Call me by name," he whispered against her lips. "Just once, Laurel."
"I" She gasped, squeezing her eyes shut as his breath ghosted across her lips, "Y-Your Majesty p-please. In the temple?"
He chuckled, "The moon goddess made me wait over twenty years for you I think she'd allow a few kisses, don't you?"
Laurel turned her head, "Call me devout."
He chuckled and pulled back, "I'm sure that priestess over there would tell you that the moon goddess doesn't care."
She shoved him away as he laughed and turned to look at the woman watching them with an amused smile. 
"I can assure you that she does not," she said and approached, "Though perhaps a bit more restraint could be in order, Your Majesty."
"I am the picture of restraint," he said with a cheeky grin. 
She shook her head and looked at Laurel. Her eyes were dark, her features were unfamiliar, but she had the same feeling that the other priestess had. She supposed all priestesses had that feeling about them. 
"A pleasure to meet our next luna," she said and looked at Adolph. "If His Majesty is finished teasing you, there is somewhere I am meant to take you."
Laurel frowned and looked at Adolph. His lips twitched and he offered her his arm, "You'll get used to that too."
"Used to what?"
"The will of the moon goddess moving through your life as it pleases."
Laurel swallowed. She didn't think she wanted to get used to such a thing, but she walked with Adolph and followed the woman down several long corridors until they reached a small room. It was shaped in a half-circle and the back wall was completely made of stained glass depicting the advent of werewolves under the moon goddess' light. 
"The history of werewolves," Adolph said, softly. "I've only seen it once before as a child."
Laurel stepped closer. 
"By her light are we all graced and live," the priestess said. "Even vampires."
Adolph frowned and looked at the priestess. Her eyes had turned a brilliant white and his breath caught as Laurel walked closer to the stained glass windows. 
"Find no fault in what you have done to protect the kingdom," the priestess smiled. "A sword as you were meant to be, always. It brings joy to my heart to see you with your shield."
Laurel turned and froze at the glowing gaze that fell on her. 
"Be safe, Laurel Take care, Adolph. There are still those who move against you and your union." She turned, "You may find the vampire queen and her wretched mourning to be the least of your problems yet."
The woman walked out of the room and Laurel stared after the woman. She looked at Adolph hoping he could make sense of what the woman was saying, but he only clenched his fist. 
Laurel went to his side and took his hand, "I'll be here."
Adolph nodded, "Let's retire for the evening and head home in the morning, hm?"
She smiled and nodded. Home had such a nice ring to it.
 
The journey back to the castle was as quiet as the journey to the temple. She was looking forward to returning another day with Adolph and perhaps unofficially meeting some of the other women of his family. Sarah, Lily, Chasel, Sam, and Lynn greeted them when they returned. 
Adolph dismounted and helped her down from his horse before leading her up the steps. 
"Go and relax for a bit. Sam, I need to speak with you."
Sam nodded and followed Adolph down the corridor until they reached an old training room he'd used in his youth before he was strong enough or tall enough to stand on the training pitch with the werewolves training for war. 
"Your Majesty," Sam began. "Please do not tell me you would like me to train His Highness."
Adolph laughed, startling Sam as he stared wide-eyed at him.
"No, not at all. I will leave that for another time. I would like you to train Laurel in basic self-defense for now."
Same frowned. His heart lurched, "Is there a threat Lynn and I should know about?"
He smiled, "None that you are not already aware of. She has asked to be taught, and I am hard-pressed not to think that it could not come in handy for her to be able to protect herself."
He shook his head, thinking of his father. If his mother had known more about self-defense, was there a chance that she would have lived long enough to be treated when traitors attacked her? Maybe, but it was a question that had never been brought up. 
He had to remember that Laurel was not a woman who was born to nobility. She had hunted for her own food and cared for herself alone while her father was away. 
Had Laura been the same? The more he thought about it, the more he wondered how likely it was that Laurel was Laura reborn. He had never met the woman, but he was in a castle filled with people who had. To ask Basil might open old wounds, but Sarah had been her lady-in-wait if he remembered correctly. The old etiquette teacher had taught Laura as well. 
It was thought for another time, but he would explore it, given time. 
"Would you agree?" Adolph asked. 
Sam bowed his head, "It would be my honor. Should I also teach her how to use weapons?"
Adolph imagined Laurel wielding a sword and smiled as a little stir of desire went through him. There wasn't enough time to get her strong enough to use a sword effectively, no matter how attractive he and his wolf seemed to find the idea. 
Laurel's strength was her speed and agility. He thought back to when he chased her into the forest. She was strategic even in her escape, using her smaller size and ability to her advantage. 
"...daggers," he said after a moment. Sam's eyes widened. "Concealed daggers. It's to her advantage that no one knows she's armed."
Sam nodded, "I promise to turn her to a deadly dagger wielder within the best of my abilities."
He grinned, "I look forward to it."
 
Sam returned to collect Laurel from her room later that day, dressed casually for training, carrying training clothes that most squires wore: simple pants, boots, and a shirt. He gave them to Sarah for Laurel and waited for her to change. 
Laurel came out with her hair tied up into a ponytail and looking determined. Good. He didn't want her to be nervous. He led her and Sarah to the training room. He considered Sarah. 
"Would you also like to learn?"
Sarah flushed and worried her lip, "I will consider it."
He smiled, "As you wish."
He turned to Laurel who looked a bit nervous but met his gaze evenly. 
"His Majesty has asked me to train you in basic self-defense and the use of concealed daggers. Are you alright with that?"
Daggers? She hadn't considered learning how to wield a weapon. It wasn't exactly normal for women of the court to be armed unless they were members of the army as well. Still, the idea appealed to her. She didn't want to kill anyone, but it was better to know how to escape situations alive than not.
"Yes."
Sam nodded, "Good. We'll start with your wolf form. Are you able to keep your clothes when you shift?"
She flushed, "Uhm sometimes."
Sam chuckled, "You're young. Makes sense. Give it your best shot."
She closed her eyes and tried to shift, but she couldn't reach Alice. She could feel her, even see her in her mind's eye, but she couldn't reach her to shift. Her heart lurched and she opened her eyes, looking at Sam.
"What's wrong?"
She swallowed thickly and shook her head, reaching to try again, but she couldn't reach Alice. She seemed just out of reach no matter how she reached and she gasped in terror.
*"I can't."*
###chapter 90: Finally Healed
Sam stepped closer and took Laurel by her shoulders.
"Breathe." He said and watched her take in a deep breath and look up at him fearfully. "You were poisoned and spent a week in a coma. It is not unheard of that your wolf is still recovering from the ordeal. His Majesty couldn't shift for a few days after being poisoned and you were exposed to a far greater dose than he was."
Laurel swallowed and nodded shakily, "O-Okay."
"When you can shift, we'll start on that part of your training. For now, we'll start with basic moves."
"Okay."
She tried to regain her calm as Sam lifted his fists and told her to mirror him. He corrected her posture and the grip of her fists kindly and guided her through the basics of how to throw a solid punch. Then, it was a kick. He moved on to a combo, showing her the proper way to hold her balance and how to move.
It felt a bit like learning formal dances. She was almost grateful for the strict instruction from the etiquette teacher. Her balance wasn't perfect due to it being a different kind of movement, but Sam seemed pleased with her.
He walked her through a few movements related to using a dagger as well, basic ones for the rest of the hour before releasing her and Sarah.
"Practice when you can. We'll pick it up tomorrow," Sam grinned. "When you're fully recovered, we'll train for longer when possible."
Laurel nodded, grateful for the chance and feeling strangely empowered. It was a new experience every time someone in the castle told her she could learn whatever she wanted without restrictions. Laura had faced so many thick walls she'd had to try and climb over while Laurel was simply knocking on already open doors.
They went to get lunch and she turned to Sarah with a smile.
"I think I'll head into town and check on things today."
Sarah's eyes widened and she smiled at her. Her eyes glimmered with unshed tears.
"Would you like company, Miss Laurel?"
Laurel nodded and looped her arm around Sarah's, "I would like that very much."
Sarah left the castle with her. Sam and Lynn went with them and she let herself remember how much she loved being able to help the people of the kingdom. This was what being the luna was really about. The dangers weren't a part of the job and if she kept herself focused and supported Adolph, there wouldn't be any dangers to worry about.
She just had to stay on the path she had chosen to remain at Adolph's side.
 
Two weeks passed since they had returned from the temple and Laurel started her martial training. She'd surprised herself by how quickly she was picking up the moves and learning to hold herself. Sam was training her to pay closer attention to her senses and use them to keep herself aware of her surroundings. Laurel was surprised at how quickly she was picking up on martial moves. She still hadn't managed to shift into her wolf form again, but she could feel Alice getting stronger and her body getting through the last stages of recovery.
When they ended the session today, Sam faced her.
"Ready to try again?"
She nodded and closed her eyes, reaching for Alice tentatively. It felt a bit heady as she reached for her, sinking into a feeling she'd almost forgotten. She felt her body shifting and getting smaller until she opened her eyes and found Sarah and Sam staring at her in shock.
"You're a white wolf?"
Laurel yipped with joy, "I did it!"
Sam chuckled at her excitement watching her prance and jump around with glee. He looked at Sarah who had the same relieved and awed look in her eye that he'd had the first time he'd seen Adolph's wolf form.
He remembered how quickly Adolph had shifted, leaping over his head and tearing into a group of vampires as a vicious shadow with glowing red eyes. Before the last body fell, he'd shifted back into his human form, having retained his clothing and his weaponry.
*Adolph looked at him as he drew his sword, "Injured withdraw. Those who can fight, with me!"*
What a sight Laurel would make streaking across a battlefield at Adolph's side like a myth come to life.
"I'll leave now," Sam said. "Just in case you didn't retain your clothing."
Laurel lay flat and covered her head with her paws, "I think that would be best."
"We'll work on it," Sam said chuckling and nodding at Laurel, "You've done great. I'll wait outside."
He pressed a kiss to Sarah's cheek before exiting the room and leaning back against the wall beside the door. His heart felt light as if a prayer he hadn't known he'd been carrying around had been answered.
Maybe it was a prayer that every werewolf had in their hearts since the werewolf kingdom had been established.
 
Laurel hadn't retained her clothing through the shift, but Sarah was always prepared with a change of clothes. They walked out of the room and headed with Sam into town to check on the hospital. She had some paperwork to get through in her office, but she wouldn't be able to get through it without checking in with the hospital.
"Luna Laurel!" The hospital's director cried, her voice grateful as she came near. "Never have I been so grateful to see anyone. How are you?"
"Much better." Laurel smiled, taking the woman's hands. "Tell me how things have been going? Anything that I should know?"
She had a full list as they toured the hospital. They had completed the repairs and the expansion that they had planned, but it looked like they would need to expand further. That meant they needed to purchase or be allowed more land nearby or find another place in the city to establish another hospital.
Laurel figured it would be best to try and allow them to expand the current building rather than trying to make a satellite location, but she took note of both options as they walked.
More pressing than the space was the supply needs. They were relying on the local markets at the moment, but if they continued to expand, it would be more cost-effective to negotiate an official contract with merchants.
Laurel took note of it before the woman was pulled away to consult about a patient.
"No worries, I'll be around," she said, waving the woman on. "I'll be helping out today."
She beamed, "Praise be to the goddess."
Laurel turned to check in with the nurse on staff and ask what needed to be done. As usual, they needed help with laundering the bandages and restocking the storeroom. Sarah volunteered to help with the laundry, so Laurel headed towards the supply area and the back door where people were receiving merchants.
"Laurel!" She turned and smiled as Eden approached. "It's good to see you. I came to the castle to see you but they said you were gone."
She nodded, "Sorry His Majesty took me to the Lunar Temple for a bit of a break."
His eyes softened, "I see. Was it helpful?"
She beamed at him, "I can't say I've ever felt better. It's peaceful there. How have you been?"
"Well, I'm working on a trade proposal to secure a spot as an official imperial merchant," he said, proudly.
"That's fantastic!" Laurel grinned. "I'm glad to hear you're still pushing forward with your goals. Are you here to drop off deliveries?"
He nodded, "I assume that means you're here to help stock the hospital."
She nodded and followed him to the caravan, lifting a crate and helping to bring it inside. They unloaded the cart, chatting all the while before starting to unpack the boxes and putting the vials and jars on the appropriate shelves.
She found out that he'd been involved with stocking the hospital and orphanage with goods for the past few weeks as there was a shortage of merchants willing to be under werewolf escort lately.
"It's sad, but it means more work for me!" Eden grinned. "I don't see what the problem is considering the state of things."
Laurel nodded and gasped as another nurse dropped a jar. It crashed to the floor, spilling its contents and glass everywhere.
"Oh, no!"
"It's okay," Laurel said, kneeling beside the mess and grabbing a towel. "Just grab some more towels to sop up the mess."
The nurse scurried off as Laurel began to gather the shards into a pile. She hissed at the sharp prick in her hand and winced at the slow bleeding cut on her finger.
"Well, at least I'm at the hospital," she said, jokingly and looked up at Eden who stared at her hand. His eyes glowing with a vicious light.
Her heart leaped and her blood went cold as his lips twitched and his eyes filled with hunger.
*Vampire.*
 
###chapter 91: Traitor
Laurel forced herself to breathe, her mind started to race. Eden was a vampire. Was he dangerous? Was he a spy or just taking refuge in the werewolf kingdom? Why would he be here if that were the case? 
His hands began to shake as the nurse came back with more towels, breaking the silence in the room. 
Laurel wrapped her hand in one of the towels and stood. 
"I should get this seen to," Laurel said, "I'll see you later, Eden!"
He nodded, turning a kind smile on her, but the hunger in his eyes was still there. She hurried out of the backroom and snagged a bandage and rushed back to the castle.
She went to her room and closed it behind her without a word before setting to pacing.
How could Eden be a vampire? How had he managed to hide it all this time? Was he connected to the poison attempt? Was he connected to Laura's death? 
She stopped and shook her head. Eden had been nothing but kind to her. There was no real reason to suspect him other than being a vampire. In the same way that there were good and bad werewolves, there had to be good and bad vampires. 
Finding out which one Eden was would take more than a knee-jerk reaction.
She considered asking Adolph, but turned away from the thought. She remembered the vampire slave he killed and shuddered at the thought of him killing Eden in the same ruthless manner.
No. She couldn't go to Adolph about this until she was absolutely certain that h was there or a purpose.
She would have to observe him as much as possible and handle it carefully.
Her lips twitched, at least it would give her something to focus on besides her other worries.

Adolph stood as the attendant led her inside. Lady Helena was the finest etiquette teacher in the kingdom. She and her predecessors had been used by the royal family for years. Her fees were steep, but they were not impossible to meet and well worth the price. Her hair had a few more strands of grey running through her perfect ringlets, but otherwise, she had not changed since he was a child. 
He supposed, wryly, it would suggest a lack of poise to age easily.
How Gavin thought his personal tutelage of Basil was equivalent to her years of accumulated expertise was beyond him.
"Lady Helena," Adolph greeted as she curtseyed with more grace than most. "A pleasure and a joy to have you."
She smiled at him, "The honor is mine, Your Majesty. Congratulations on your victory"
He escorted her to the table.
"My son and the remaining ministers will arrive soon enough. Refreshments?"
"How gracious. Thank you."
The servants poured their cups of tea as she looked at Adolph with a concerned gaze. It had been years since she'd seen him in person and even longer since he had been her pupil. He'd grown up so well despite the war and maintained that regal air she and his parents had worked hard to instill in him. 
The late king and queen would be proud of the man he'd become, yet his gaze seemed troubled.
"Your letter was troubling, to say the least. I was traveling until most recently. It was shocking to me to hear that Luna Laura would need re-training. She was such a diligent young woman"
He swallowed as his heart clenched. He had never imagined that she didn't know Laura was dead. Curse his son and the ministers for not informing her. 
Adolph took a steadying breath,  "I regret to say that Luna Laura died  several months ago."
She took a sharp breath. Her eyes glistened with unwashed tears and she lowered her teacup. There was a soft tremor in her hand, but nothing more gave away her emotional plight. For him, it was enough to tell him quite a bit about Laura and her relationship with Helena.
He felt terrible. He had not expected her to be unaware. She murmured a soft prayer.
"May she know true peace in the arms of the goddess," She said before drawing a handkerchief to dab at her eyes. "And you say, His Highness has already married?"
"Yes, months ago."
She shook her head, "My apologies, Your Majesty, but I believe His Highness may be in need of etiquette lessons himself."
Adolph chuckled, "Yes. Though I will handle his re-education myself You knew Laura well enough?"
She gave him a little smile, "Quite fond of her diligence and dedication. Her intelligence and wit were a thing to be praised given the current state of the court. She had all the makings of a fine luna She was a fine Luna I certainly hope your new wife will learn from the example she set."
Adolph knew that it was unlike her to speak of anyone with such fondness. He wondered if Helena would come to the same suspicions as Adolph had about Laurel.
A knock sounded on the door and the servant opened it, allowing the remaining ministers inside. They gave Helena a cursory nod of their heads as she sipped her tea and perused them. 
"Lady Helena" Gavin greeted. "How wonderful for you to visit."
"How uncivilized not to receive word that a pupil of mine has died and been replaced within a handful of months" She cast a cold glance at him. "Do not waste your flattery."
He smiled and remembered fondly one of the first lessons she had given him.
*When you are wronged, do not seek to be petty. State your grievance, let them know they have displeased you, and move on. Never shoulder the burden of ensuring penance in social settings.*
Adolph smirked, "Sit. Lady Helena is here on such short notice as a favor to me."
Gavin sat in his usual seat, refusing to look at her.  She had been a thorn in his side since before Basil was born. She could not be bought nor persuaded into his agenda. Cutting her from Basil's education plan had been a chance, now it was coming back to haunt him. He'd already started to scrounge up the money to pay back the educational fees he'd taken when Basil was younger.
"Your wife's conduct has been a disgrace to the Raymond family and the throne you stand to inherit," Adolph said. "However, from what I have heard, she has never been taught and I cannot hold her ignorance against her, nor allow her to remain so. To that end, I have hired Lady Helena and her successor to train her in the ways of the court."
Gavin flinched.
"She will handle her education from now on."
"And what of your fiance?" Gavin asked with a cunning smile. "She has shown herself to be in need of much tutelage."
"As have you," Helena said. "Though I am not opposed to taking on your luna, Your Highness. Perhaps this one may be to standard."
Adolph refrained from laughing as Basil gawked, and Gavin flushed with fury. He hadn't known that she and Olivia had not gotten along, but he wasn't surprised. Helena was protective of the royal children as she'd had a fair hand in raising them. Raven may not think of Helena's lessons fondly, but she adored the woman for her cunning. Lady Helena was also a member of Raven's pack.
"I agree with grandfather," Basil said, stiffly. "She should be educated of her position as well."
"Tell me about her," Helena said, sipping her tea and looking at Adolph then sweeping her gaze across the room. "Our luna, we shall get to the prince's wife shortly."
A minister was the first to speak, regarding how little regard she had for their positions and detailing some of her actions towards them. 
"Has she said anything untoward?" Helena said, "Perhaps a bit more forward than you are accustomed, but she has been chosen by His Majesty. She has every right to tell you her thoughts without tailoring them to your delicate sensibilities."
"Delicate--?"
"Does she abuse the servants? Walk without purpose? Is she greedy and unethical? Does she carry herself in a manner unbefitting of the position she will inherit?"
"What has that to do with etiquette?" Basil asked. "She's rude."
Helena set her cup down without a sound and folded her hands in her lap.
"A luna and a princess are in two different positions and thus must be taught differently. I am seeking to know more of her personality so I may know how much work is to be done." She gestured blithely to the tea service, "The trappings of class and station is more muscle memory than knowledge. What of her nobility and comportment?"
"I scarcely call barging into meetings proper comportment," Gavin said through gritted teeth. "Let alone speaking out of turn."
"You conflate your entitlement with reality," Adolph swallowed the huff of laughter that threatened to escape him as Helena sighed, "What of your new wife, Prince Basil?"
Adolph smirked and waited, enjoying watching his son try to dance around the issues at hand.  Perhaps having him admit it out loud may startle him into a realization that Delia was more than just rude. 
"Your Majesty? What are your concerns?" Helena asked, turning to look into Adolph's eyes. 
A person of your court who will not meet your gaze does not simply fear you, his mother told him once. They have something to hide.
"Delia has been known to terrorize the servants and spend frivolously," Adolph said. "If she and Basil remain married until the time I step down, I cannot see her, in her current state, serving the people as a luna should." "And your fiance?" 
He smiled, "I want her to be comfortable moving among the courtiers. The servants adore her, as do the people. She has taken up Laura's initiatives with grace and alacrity."
Helena smiled warmly, "It is good to see such warmth in your eyes when you speak of her. Bodes well for the kingdom."
Adolph chuckled, "Of course."
"Very well," Helena took a sip, "It would seem to me that the bulk of the work is to be with your Lady Delia, not young our young Luna. I will work out a schedule for them both that will fit around Luna Laurel's duties. Is there a chance I might meet them both today?"
Adolph grinned, "Perhaps over dinner?"
"Lovely."
###chapter 92: The First Rule of Etiquette
It was nearing dinnertime when Laurel made it back to the castle. She walked up the stairs and knocked on Adolph's office door, hoping to catch him before dinner.
"Come in."
Laurel entered Adolph's office with a beaming smile as he set his quill on the table and stood. She closed the door behind her.
"Your Majesty, I am so glad I caught you. I was hoping to speak about the minister of commerce."
Adolph smiled, listening with half an ear about her findings regarding the kingdom's trade agreements. He'd organized several contracts that were higher than their predecessors, likely to secure a substantial amount of kickbacks.
"I think if we could check his tax records and audit these trade routes we'd have enough evidence to"
She gasped, stumbling back against the door as he approached.
He lifted the pages from her hands and wrapped his arms around her.
"While I do enjoy your cunning and dedication to the downfall of those idiots, I ask you to indulge me as your future husband for a time."
"D-Dinner is soon."
"Then, we should not waste time," he said and dipped his head to kiss her.
She gasped and trembled, parting her lips and allowing him to slide his tongue into her mouth. 
He groaned. She tasted sweet as though she'd had a tart before coming to see him. He lifted her and carried her to the couch as she moaned into his mouth. 
He lowered her carefully and nipped at her lip as he fell into the cradle of her legs.
"Your Majesty, please," Laurel gasped as Adolph kissed her neck, pinning her beneath him. "W-We have to"
"That woman has the uncanny ability to ruin my fun," Adolph said, holding her close. "I have to make the most of the time we have before dinner, darling."
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment as she tried to twist away from him, but it did no good.
"W-What woman?"
"Laurel," he groaned against her throat. "Please, on the way to dinner. Let me ravish you a bit? I may not see you again for quite some time."
She worried her lip and he pulled back to search her face before groaning with regret and sitting up.
"I am not leaving," he said and ran a hand through his hair, "Though I have certainly ruined the mood."
Laurel gave him a weak smile, "Your Majesty--"
A knock sounded on the door and he leaned back with a pained groan. Laurel couldn't help but giggle.
"I knew it. Come in."
The door opened and Chasel entered with a smile.
"Dinner is being served."
Adolph huffed. He would have to get better at stealing moments from her schedule in the coming days.
He rose from the couch and offered her his hands, "Shall we?"
Laurel took his hands and stood, following him out of the room and down the hall.
"Lady Helena is the best etiquette teacher in the kingdom. She and her predecessors are the only ones the royal family has ever used."
She gasped. She remembered Lady Helena well. She was a hard but fair tutor, gracious even. 
"She never taught Basil, but she was quite fond of Laura." Adolph said, "I thought her tutelage would be a proper punishment for Delia, but the ministers brought up a good point, so you will be under her instruction as well."
Laurel nodded, a little shocked to hear that Helena had been fond of Laura. 
"She will take into account your duties and your self-defense lessons and work around them." Adolph opened the door to the dining hall and Laurel smiled at the sight of the woman. Helena's eyes widened just a bit as she looked at Laurel, scanning her before giving her a gracious smile. 
"A pleasure to meet you, Lady Helena," Laurel said. "I hope you will forgive my lack of manners."
Helena's eyes darted back and forth for a moment before she nodded politely, "I look forward to your lessons, Luna Laurel."
Adolph looked between them before escorting Laurel to her seat and pushing her up to the table. 
Delia entered, scanning the room before giving a cold smile and taking a seat beside Basil who did not stand to pull out her chair. Helena glanced at Adolph as he gave her a meaningful look. 
"Quite," Helena said primly. "You must be Delia, the prince's wife."
Delia looked at her, "I am"
"My name is Helena, His Majesty has hired me to educate you and Luna Laurel in the etiquette befitting the court."
Delia's eyes widened and she looked at Basil who said nothing.
"We shall begin in the morning," Helena said and looked at Laurel, "I will not hold you to the same schedule, of course, but I would like to have your first session at the same time."
Laurel smiled, "I have a free morning tomorrow."
"Lovely."

Laurel found the salon where Helena had taught her in her last life easily. She knocked politely and waited to be admitted. Helena looked at her and nodded. 
"So glad you could make it, Luna Laurel," she looked outside and smiled before looking at the attendant nearby. "Please retrieve Lady Delia by any means you must."
"Of course, Lady Helena." The woman left as Laurel entered the room.
A bit of anger burned in her. From the day Laura had married into the family, she had been summoned from bed with the servants to begin her day while Basil was allowed to sleep on. To find that Delia had not been subjected to the same treatment wasn't surprising, but it was irritating. 
Was it because they were mates that she was allowed to be exactly who she was, as selfish and spoiled as she was? Had there been something intrinsic to Laura that made her unworthy of that same courtesy? 
As she thought about it, Basil had rarely woken up before the eleventh hour of the day and spent his days doing almost nothing. If the ministers had wanted to maintain such control, they would have made sure Laura was kept completely out of matters the way they had kept Basil out of matters. 
It would have been easier, but why let Delia cause so much trouble and be so willful? If she emptied the imperial coffers, what would be left for them to steal? Why would they have spent the money to educate Laura when they had not bothered to educate Delia? 
Maybe there was something she was missing.
"We'll start with physical grace, your walk, and stance," Helena said coming towards her with a familiar book. Laurel lowered herself out of habit, so Helena could place the book on her head. 
The door slammed open as Delia entered the room, coming into the room huffing and disheveled. She was still in her nightgown and only half awake with her sleeping cap still on her head.
"How dare you summon me like a servant!" Delia hissed. "Do you know what time it is?"
Helena glanced over her and looked at the servant, "A lady of the court should never be seen out of her room without at least a dressing gown, even under siege."
Delia bared her teeth as the servant offered Delia the dressing gown silently. Laura recognized the older woman as Helena's assistant and could only imagine what sort of methods she'd used to wake Delia. 
"Put on the dressing gown, Lady Delia," Helena said, picking up another book. "Even a prostitute has a sense of modesty."
Delia flushed. She snatched the dressing gown from the servant and shrugged it on, tying it loosely and glaring at her. 
Helena approached her. "Shoulders back, chin up."
"You--"  Helena placed the book on her head as Delia fumbled to speak.
Laurel smiled watching the interaction, amazed and grateful. She had tried to embody that same sense of calm during Delia's tantrums, but she doubted she would ever master the level of aloofness Helena held herself with any time soon.
"When you can manage a circuit around the room without dropping the book, we will move on to meal etiquette. Though if you cannot accomplish it within the hour, we will simply have to move on." Helena turned towards Laurel. "You may begin your first attempt."
Laurel turned and began to walk, smiling a bit at the familiarity of gliding around the room. She used to pace like this around her office to think as she found some peace in it.
The book on Delia's head slipped and clattered to the ground as Delia watched Laurel walk. Her heart clenched as a haunted feeling washed through her. For a moment, she saw Laura's lone figure striding down the palace hallway, gliding through the corridors. She remembered thinking she was a stuck-up noble then and feeling a twinge of envy. 
Delia sneered at Helena, "What is walking around with a book on my head supposed to teach me?"
Helena picked up another book and placed it on top of the book on Laurel's head before taking her hand.
###chapter 93: Patience, Poise, and Grace
"Patience," Helena said. "A noblewoman is never in a hurry though she has purpose when she strides."
Laurel walked surefooted and familiar with Helena. The books barely trembled as she glided around the room with Helena. Delia clenched her jaw. The sight irritated her as she thought of Laura's grace and how much Delia hated it.
"Poise," Helena's voice pulled her from her thoughts as they reached the other side of the room. "For no one must know her mind before she speaks it, not even her husband. To be an enigma serves her cause To be calm is to master yourself. How can you lead people when you cannot lead yourself?"
The words floated through Laurel's consciousness, sending her back in time to when she was taking the same lessons as Laura. She had taken these words to heart and found strength in them. 
"Grace for the very sight of her gliding into a room should shock those within into silence, charm them into listening, and set the tone for how she is to be treated."
Helena walked with Laurel three times around the room and tried her best to remember that her name was Laurel. There was something in her gait, a calm determined feeling that made her think of Laura. 
"You will find that little cannot be accomplished with a little poise," she said. "Only when poise has failed you. When your grace and patience have not availed you, then should you be concerned with more drastic means of acquiring attention and obedience."
She glanced at Delia, "To throw a tantrum is the mark of a child, and such acts are best ignored rather than rewarded with attention."
Delia's face burned with embarrassment as Laurel turned as instructed and curtseyed without losing the book on her head. 
"Excellent," Helena said, lifting the book from her head. "Will you try again, Lady Delia, or continue on this path?"
Delia grumbled before grabbing another book and placing it on her head. 
"This is stupid," Delia grumbled, holding the book on top of her head. 
Helena gave her an amused smile, "Many trappings of status are, yet we must use them to our advantage anyway."
Helena shook her head as she grabbed a stack of books to place on Laurel's head. Laurel curtseyed to allow her to place them on her head and looked up. For a moment, she swore she saw Laura's hopeful and nervous face in Laurel's expression, before shoving it away. 
"Around the room three times."
Laurel lifted her head just so and clasped her hands together before gliding around the room as she had hundreds of times, feeling her anger relax.  
She was excused from the meal etiquette as she had already eaten and she needed to see to other matters. As she left, she heard Delia complaining about her being dismissed. 
"Perhaps if you had a schedule to keep and lacked less in your comportment, you would be dismissed early"
Laurel smiled as she nodded at Helena's attendant and left. 

Gavin spent the better part of the day with a headache. Dealing with Raven and Irene's meticulous demands and trying to cover up all the embezzlement that had plagued the imperial coffers had been draining him and his coffers. 
He needed to speak with Basil to get him to convince Raven and Irene to ease up or to at least run interference, yet he hadn't seen Basil all day. 
Delia had been at lunch with the ministers, Adolph, Laurel, and Helena, but Basil had been absent then and at dinner. When Raven and Irene finally retired for the evening, he took the fastest path towards Basil's quarters. Was he sick? He didn't have time to worry about Basil's health. He was still trying to figure out a way to get rid of Laurel and undermine Adolph's plans to dissolve the ministries without losing his head in the process. 
"His Highness has asked not to be disturbed," he heard in a clipped tone. Gavin stopped at the end of the hallway and leaned around the corner to observe what was happening. 
Delia, dressed in a dressing gown, glared at the attendant at Basil's door.
"I am his wife," Delia hissed. "If I cannot disturb him, then who can?"
She pushed past the attendant, roughly and marched in. She was half-hoping to find him in bed with someone. At least the threat of a scandal would gain her sympathy and a chance to guilt him into staying with her, but no. She opened the door and found Basil sprawled across the bed sleeping. He was still dusting from a day's work. It looked like he had barely gotten his boots off before he fell asleep. He was so still she could have mistaken him for dead.
It had been days of this. How could he be so tired every day?
She closed the door worrying her lip. When was she supposed to seduce him let alone persuade him into reconsidering his doubts?
At this rate, the rest of the spell would wear off before they spoke again. She had to do something, but what? Could they really work him to exhaustion every day like this? He was the prince!
"Has he been returning to his chambers like his all week?"
"Yes, Lady Delia."
She grit her teeth, "Alert me the moment he wakes up."
 Delia left the room and hurried down the hall back towards her quarters.  Gavin huffed to himself.  it seems you would have to wait.

Laurel entered the room and gasped at the sight of Adolph standing in the middle of it.
"Your majesty?... Where is Sam?"
" I've given Sam the day off from your training.  it seems to be the only time I get to see you."
" I'm not sure if this is a good idea"
" Sam tells me you're learning quickly  you'll be fine.  I trained recruits all the time  during the war."
Laure did not doubt that he was telling the truth, but she wasn't exactly a recruit. She was certain that he had no interest in kissing his recruits breathless. Somehow, every time they were alone together they quickly forgot the purpose of their meeting in favor of Adolph's need to steal her breath and overwhelm her with his passion. His wolf reached out to her, pleading to complete their mating bond, but Adolph refrained from pushing any farther than they had gone. She enjoyed kissing him, but she did want to learn to defend herself.
"Will this remain a training session, Your Majesty?"
He laughed, " I will strive to make it so.  Shall we?"
He lifted his hands in a familiar stance and told her to attack him. She was a bit nervous about it but she launched forward the way  Sam taught her.  He blocked her attack easily, but let her keep attacking him, giving her pointers, and correcting her stance occasionally. 
She darted forward trying to catch him unawares, but he grabbed her arm and tumbled her to the ground gently.
"You've become quite good,"  Adoph said, "I might have to watch my back."
She laughed as he pulled her to her feet, "Doubtful."
He pulled her close and Laurel had the feeling that this was the point where their training session was about to be derailed.
"Y-Your Majesty"
"Yes?"
"I--"
A knock sounded on the door and Adolph sighed. 
"Come in."
The door opened and Gavin stepped in with Helena's attendant. 
"Ah, Your Majesty!" Gavin cried. "So good I could find you and your fiance like this. I believe it is time for her etiquette lessons."
Adolph groaned softly and pressed a kiss to her head before releasing her. Laurel curtsied politely. 
"Thank you for your tutelage, Your Majesty."
"Of course," Adolph said before watching her leave. He looked at Gavin, "What is it that you wanted to speak to me about, Minister Mirabelle?"
"As your father-in-law,  I just wanted to check in with you regarding your decisions."
"You and I have never had such a close relationship."
"And I mean to fix that in the coming days.  Now, more than ever, Basil must learn his future position." He sighed, " I simply cannot understand why you'd allow him to be treated this way. If my Olivia were here--"
Adolph growled at him and glared. Gavin shuddered. 
"Never mention your daughter in my presence again."
Gavin nodded stiffly at the unspoken threat and made some sort of excuse to escape the room.  he hurried down the hall to the room where he was meant to meet Eden. 
 Eden was already there eating a pastry and seeming completely unbothered as he always did.
"You want to speak to me?"
"Yes with regards to our arrangement--"
Eden held up a hand, "Never would I jeopardize my enterprise by going directly against His Majesty's laws.  Even if I were so inclined,  you have nothing to offer me."
Gavin flushed, "Don't forget that I'm the reason you had a chance in the first place! You owe me!"
Eden smirked, "That is a grave overstatement of your abilities and importance,  minister."
He finished his tea and sauntered out leaving Gavin dumbstruck and furious.  How could a lowly human speak to him in such a manner? Eden would regret this, but not as much as Gavin would regret it if he didn't figure out a way to restore the treasury to its proper state quickly.
###chapter 94: Where She Lay
It had been days since he met with Gavin, but Eden had a feeling that Gavin was too busy trying to save himself to care much about Eden's dismissal of his proposal. It served him right. 
He walked down the hall of the castle, hoping to see Laurel before he left the city. 
"We shall have a brief break in the gardens" an unfamiliar voice said from afar.
Eden stopped as an older woman led Laurel and Delia down an alcove leading towards stairs to the ground floor. Delia was holding a book in place on her head as they walked. Beside her, Laurel *glided down* the hallway with a book on her head, back straight and graceful as if she had always grown up in the castle. The book barely trembled as she walked.
Eden wanted to call out and speak to her before he left, but he couldn't get the words out. She seemed different. Her eyes had lost some of their innocent sparkle and joy. In their place was a calm composure and regal air.
He clenched his fist as a pair of servants came down the hallway with a garland of flowers to pin up in the grand hall.
He watched them carry the garland up a flight of stairs and head down the stairs to leave the castle. He wouldn't be speaking with Laurel before he left it seemed, and that was fine. He needed to focus on the path ahead anyway. 
At least, Delia seemed to be grasping what was necessary to ensure the success of the mission. He turned and focused on the list of things he needed to accomplish before leaving. He needed to finish his trade proposal to present to Adolph and make arrangements within his caravan to transport everything he proposed, and he needed a solid plan. 
Adolph's pending wedding was throwing several wrenches in the grand plan, but they weren't enough to stop the plans he had in motion. It would just take a little more planning on his part. 
He walked back into town with a soft sigh. It would have been so much easier if she had agreed to come with him, then he could go forward with his original plan without guilt and trouble, but it didn't matter. 
He reached the inn and retired to his room with little more than a wave at random people before sitting at the table and beginning to write the letter. 
It was coded, of course. The very few people who knew the code were those he could trust to follow his orders without problem. 
When he finished, he folded the letter and went to find a messenger before returning to the base of his caravan and greeting them. 
As expected, they were getting ready to move forward with plans coming from above him. He refrained from smiling, nodding at the werewolves helping to load things onto the cart. With enough luck and the right timing, he could make this all work out in his favor and no one would be the wiser.
He'd rescue Laurel from Adolph the Invincible and the fate he'd brought upon the werewolf kingdom. 

Helena, Laurel, and Delia had lunch in the garden before heading back to Helena's parlor. It was odd to be sharing a meal with Delia, but it was illuminating. She hadn't ever realized how poor Delia's table manners were. It stoked some fire of anger at the back of her mind, but she let it pass through her without acknowledging it. Delia was Basil's mate. How could she be surprised that he did not care to force her to be perfect and fit into the world of nobility? Delia didn't have to try for Basil, but Adolph was fair and that was all that Laurel could have ever hoped for. 
She smiled to herself as Helena told Delia she would be assigned a stack of books to read for discussion. 
"What for?"
Helena sipped and took a measured breath, "A lady of nobility should be well-versed in several topics to glide easily and manage the courtiers. You would be surprised what good conversational skills can get you."
"I don't see why I need to glide easily among the courtiers. I outrank them," Delia said stiffly. "I'm the real luna."
"Do you understand how the kingdom operates?" Helena asked, "What each minister is in charge of? What a luna's duties to the people are?"
Delia wrinkled her nose and rolled her eyes, "None of that is important. They just need to do as I say."
Helena set her cup down, "Let us think on it, shall we? I will pretend to be a servant and you a noble. Your orders are to procure thirty apples and bring them to the palace so that apple pies can be made."
Delia frowned, "Just go to the market."
"Apples are out of season," Helena said, "And rather than the usual five coins, each apple now costs 500. Now, what shall you do?"
Delia wrinkled her nose, "I would never pay that much for apples."
"Yet your only order was to procure the apples. You never specified how much you were willing to pay or a budget. You simply gave an order and expected it to be followed Now, your budget is 15,000 coins short all because you did not give a thoughtful order."
Delia's lips twitched, "That's unrealistic."
"It is the principle that is important, Lady Delia. There is more to being noble than giving orders and spending money."
Laurel smiled the entire way back to the parlor. When they arrived, Helena dismissed them both for the day and Delia left without a word. Laurel stayed behind for a moment.
"I believe this will be our last session," Helena said with a calm smile. "His Majesty told me that he hoped to ensure your comfort in dealing with the court, yet you have all the markings of a woman who knows her way."
Helena's eyes narrowed, "I see a great deal of Luna Laura in you More than just your stunning likeness"
Her eyes glittered with tears unshed, "Forgive me for being maudlin I have only just recently learned of her death. Your comportment reminds me a great deal of her, though you have something she did not have."
Laurel swallowed and met her gaze, "And what is that?"
"Confidence," she said softly. "It is the one thing that I cannot teach as it comes from experience. I would like to think that if she were still alive, she would have come into her confidence and be a true force to be reckoned with."
Helena took her hands and squeezed gently, "Might you cause enough of a stir on your merit for her to rest in peace knowing that someone truly worthy has taken her place."
Laurel squeezed her hands back, "Thank you for your kind words, Lady Helena."
She left the room feeling a sense of relief in her heart. She headed back to her quarters for a small break and found Sarah tidying up.
"Hello Sarah, how are you?"
"Well," she beamed. "And you? You seem so at peace today."
She nodded, "It is nice to be taught things I should know."
Sarah chuckled, "I bet."
"How are you and Sam?"
Sarah flushed and fiddled with her sleeve, "Miss Laurel, please don't tease me."
"Has he marked you yet?"
"No!" Sarah gasped, "Miss Laurel, please."
Laurel chuckled, "Well, alright. I'll ease up There is something that I wanted to ask about."
Sarah smiled, "I'll try to be of help."
"Laura's grave" Sarah's eyes widened. "Could you tell me where it is?"
"Why?"
"I'd like to pay my respects," she said. 
Sarah nodded with a sigh, "Well, I can tell you where her grave is, but I can say that Basil has been visiting her grave frequently lately."
She frowned, "Really?"
She nodded, "Nearly every night. Just something to keep in mind if you plan to go and visit."
Laurel nodded.
"Are you certain you want to risk it?"
Laurel chuckled, "I'll be fine. Tell me where she's buried."
"She's about three rows in. You can't miss the newest grave there" Her eyes turned misty. "It hasn't even fully settled."
Laurel nodded and planned to go much later. She didn't bother to change for bed and waited until Sarah had retired. She left her room quickly and headed down the stairs before following the pathway out to the gardens.
She couldn't help but wonder what Basil was thinking visiting Laura's grave. Was he cursing at her grave or sobbing? Did she care either way?
Once, she remembered wanting to see Olivia's grave, to pay her respects to the woman who birthed Basil, but after hearing about Adolph and Olivia's relationship and the truth behind the grand romance story she grew up with, she was almost glad that Basil had never told her where she was buried. 
It would have been just one more memory to regret from her lifetime as Laura. 
Laurel walked slowly down the path, pushing memories from her mind. She had never been to the graveyard, but she had seen it from the castle windows.
The air was chilly around her as if spirits walked through the graveyard. She followed the path searching for the newest grave until she heard a soft weeping sound. A figure was seated in front of a grave. The scent of alcohol floated, through the air.
"I'm so sorry, Laura"
Was that Basil?
###chapter 95: Realization
Basil had finished the bottle of whiskey all of an hour after waking up screaming  His entire body ached from the day's work but his guilt and confusion woke him. Yet another dream about Laura. How many did that make now?  Too many.
He got out of bed and went into the antechamber where a fresh bottle of whiskey sat waiting for him.  He opened the bottle ignoring the glass beside it and began to drink. The alcohol burned on his way down, but he knew so long as he drank enough of it the burn would dull the other ache in his chest.  The bottle was half empty when he decided it was too hot in his room.  He left,  staggering down the corridor and the stairs.  He barely missed falling over himself going to reach the ground floor.  Then, he let his feet take him where they always took him after every dream about Laura: the graveyard.
The paths had been swept recently. He supposed the graveyard attendants had taken note that he was spending more of his nights here and made sure to clean up frequently.  He came to a stop in front of the tombstone he was looking for, plain and understated in its elegance just like her.
*Laura Hamiltion.*
The bouquet of roses was just as fresh as the last time he'd come. How long ago had that been? A few days? The grave had settled a little more and been refilled again. The scent of loose dirt and stone wafted up from the grave, fresh and haunting. Had it truly been so long since she was found dead?
*Her green eyes were dead, staring out of her bruised face. Her dress was torn and wet, clinging to her still form. He had felt a jolt of something in his chest and quickly covered the body with the sheet.*
*"Just bury her in the graveyard if her parents don't reply."*
He winced at how callous those words seemed now. Maybe he should reserve a part of his monthly spending budget to get her a better headstone, but it didn't seem right. The attendant he'd put in charge of burying her had picked well.
What was he doing here again?
It was a stupid thing to be here. He was married to a woman his wolf hated, though he'd been so certain that Delia was his mate. Laura was dead and no matter how many times he came to her grave, she would never speak to him again.  There was no reviving the dead, not in any good way.  Hadn't he learned that from years of wishing to meet his mother?
*"Now, get out of my castle."* His voice hissed in his memory. 
The memory of her teary eyes sent another bolt of pain through his chest, regret and grief. 
"Come back," he slurred as he dropped to the ground and his eyes started to burn. He growled. "What were you thinking running into the forest like that? Some wife you were! Dying like that? Some luna. Are you happy? Huh?..."
This wasn't new. He started talking to Laura's grave the first night he started trying to drink himself back to sleep. He knew by morning he'd be pissed with a splitting headache. I'm exhausted but he didn't care. his uncles would make him work just like always and it wouldn't bother him so long as he did as he was supposed to.
He growled at her tombstone, "Didn't you *think* it was dangerous going out into the forest like that?"
He chuckled and looked up at the sky, " Must think it's funny  hmm? Seeing me like this? "
He swooned and slumped, placing his head on his knees. Her voice was swirling through his head, soft and sure, tentative and placating at times, stern and frustrated at others. 
He should have listened to her. How different things would be if he had?  If he had just thought a little harder and asked more questions.  If he had cared more about her she would still be here. 
"You were right  all that time and you kept trying to tell me, but I didn't want to listen  I was too proud.  I saw so little in you because it made it easier."  he sniffled, "I wanted to see less in you because it made me comfortable."
Her intelligence had intimidated him.  She was nothing like the common women he'd been told about by the ministers. She'd been more noble and dignified than many women he'd met in the court. She'd been telling him for years that the ministers, his grandfather included, didn't have his best interest at heart. Telling him for years that there was more to being royal than doing as he pleased. She had been trying to make him better through her words and actions, but he wouldn't let her.
"I'm so sorry, Laura"

She almost thought she heard wrong, but he said it again.
"I'm so sorry, Laura."
It dawned on her that she should feel something seeing him like this. Before she died, Laura would have been overjoyed to hear these words. She had longed for the day Basil would have said these things to her, yet she felt nothing.
"I loved you."
His tears meant nothing to her.
"I needed you."
His sniffling and begging meant nothing to her. She wasn't sure if she was overjoyed or just relieved.
"I should have been better to you."
 Was this how he felt dismissing her all those nights ago?
"C-Come back"  he gassed. " Please, come back"
" she's never coming back."
 Basil turned sharply,  startled by her voice,  and stared up at her.
"What are you doing here?"
"What good was it to apologize now?"  She asked, "What good will your apology do for the dead?"
"Leave me alone you wouldn't understand."
" I think I understand perfectly the concept of regret  and how sometimes it comes too late." Laurel said and looked at the headstone, *"Was it worth it?"*
The question struck something in him unearthing a memory he didn't want to remember.
Laura's green eyes had been full of fury though she remained perfectly still.  He had barged in her office about the orchard,  furious that she was derailing his plans for the area. The area had been perfect for a leisure area for him and the ministers, but she had already claimed it legally using the backing of the generals who were still stationed in the capital.  It had been a sly move, a stroke of genius planning and cunning that they couldn't circumvent.
He'd been furious.
They argued, or rather she tried to explain her reasoning and he tried to shout her down into agreeing.
"I am the prince! You will do as I say!  Repeal this!"
The glint of defiance sparked in her eyes, "...No." 
Basil glared at her, "Don't think just because we're married I can't get rid of you.  Repeal it!"
She said nothing, meeting his gaze calmly almost with disinterest.  Perhaps she had already figured out then that he had no reason to divorce her and he knew it wouldn't be the best idea, even if he wanted to get rid of her and her smug intelligence.
He grabbed the pages on her desk, ripping them to shreds as he yelled. He'd been so sure that they were something she needed. He figured they were plans for the orchard, receipts and order forms for seeds and labor.  Maybe they were lists of needs from the military.  
She didn't speak, just watching him shred every piece of paper on her desk.  Looking back on it, he felt ridiculous like a child throwing a tantrum.
" I don't suppose you'll be able to do much without your papers. Problem solved!"
"Those were the plans for your birthday party," she said. "Including the treasury document regarding how much was to be spent."
"What?"
"By starting the orchard, I will be cutting down on some of the kitchen's budget. I was able to shift the budget a bit more, so you could have a larger celebration."
Basil wanted to be furious, but he couldn't speak.  She had been fighting him and what he wanted for his twenty-fifth birthday for weeks.
"Why didn't you say anything? How could you just let me--"
"Was it worth it?" She asked. "To try and hurt me to get your way, just to shoot yourself in the foot in the end?"
He didn't speak to her for weeks after that,  yet his birthday was exactly what he'd wanted. He never even thanked her.
"You seem to always be shooting yourself in the foot," Laurel said. 
"Laura?" Basil asked, barely breathing around the tightness in his chest. "You are Laura! You came back to me!"
He stood on shaky legs to go to her, tripped, and fell at her feet.
"Laura, please" She stepped back, avoiding his touch.  "Please. I'm sorry!"
He scrambled after her but he couldn't catch her. He got to his knees when he felt a dark and furious presence nearby.
He turned and found two glowing, red eyes watching him from the darkness.
"Father?"
###chapter 96: Suspicions
Adolph hadn't expected to run into his son at the graveyard. He had only wanted to see Laurel that night, but he had never imagined that Basil would confirm his suspicions. 
*"Laura, please Please. I'm sorry!"*
He considered the fact that Basil was drunk based on the way he moved and what he'd been hearing from Henry and the servants, but there was an alertness to his gaze that made him think Basil wasn't that drunk. 
Then, there was the way Laurel responded. Cold and sure as if she was Laura. When Basil looked at him, he didn't move from his place, half-cloaked in shadows, but Laurel walked away from Basil with a sure and even gait. 
Laurel came to stand beside him and he felt his anger ease. She may have been Laura, Basil's wife,  in her last life, but Laurel, his mate, now and that was all that mattered to him.
Basil looked at them standing together and couldn't breathe. His mind turned, whirling out of control. His emotions were chaotic and spilling out of his eyes in thick streams of tears down his face. He couldn't look at this. He couldn't deal with the idea of Laura with his father. Couldn't imagine him not giving him another chance. What had happened to the young woman who had been so happy to marry him?
He shuddered and struggled to his feet before stumbling back towards the castle. Maybe he would find a cliff to fall off of just to be free of the crushing guilt in his chest. 

Adolph watched his son stumble and stagger for a while before gesturing to one of the guards nearby. The man nodded and trailed behind Basil as he entered the castle. He'd make sure that Basil reached his quarters safely and had water to drink to help with the pain of the hangover he was bound to have. 
"Your Majesty," Laurel greeted, standing at his side. "I think the prince's access to alcohol should be restricted."
He chuckled and took her hand, "Noted. What are you doing out here?"
"I wanted to see her grave" Laurel said. Adolph led her back to where Basil had been sitting and frowned. "To pay respects"
Adolph frowned at the tombstone. It was far plainer than any luna's headstone should be. Olivia's headstone had been the best by Gavin's order. 
Had his son not even thought to bury his wife properly?
"This is not the mark of a luna," Adolph said eyeing the neat script in the stone.
"He divorced her at his engagement party to Delia," Laurel said. "She didn't die as a luna."
Adolph groaned at the thought. He hadn't gotten all the details about how Laura had ended up dead, but if Laurel was Laura, he could trust her knowledge on the matter. 
"Perhaps I am out of my depths in trying to take over his re-education," Adolph said. "She held the position. She should have been buried with the appropriate honor."
"I am surprised she was buried here rather than sent back to her home pack to be buried."
Adolph nodded, "It would have been understandable depending on the state of her body."
"They said she fell from a cliff after running away from the party," Laurel said, her voice distant. "Her body was found days later, waterlogged He'd banished her from the castle."
Adolph clenched his fist, "My son has truly lost his mind"
"Truly," she agreed. "She would never have accepted his apology She had, at least, her dignity at the end."
Adolph frowned, holding his tongue and listening to her speak as if she knew Laura's mind. He supposed it was as much of a confirmation as he would get from her directly and took a deep breath. 
"Once maybe those words would have meant the world to her," Laurel said, her voice was barely a whisper above the night's breeze. "But to be thrown away with such disdain so much apathy, there would be no words beautiful or sincere enough to soothe that pain."
Adolph swallowed, "I am sorry, Laura"
Laurel squeezed his hand and looked at him.
"I don't think she would hold you responsible."
Adolph narrowed his eyes at her, trying to peer into her heart, but he saw and felt nothing off. There was nothing in her gaze that told him that she had registered what he called her. He didn't push for answers about how or why she was in Laurel's body and what had happened to Laurel. 
Her calm gaze was as fascinating as it was frustrating. 
"Let her find peace in the arms of the moon goddess," Laurel said. "It is the least she deserves after putting up with your son for three years."
He laughed, "Yes, at the least and a better headstone."
She shook her head, "I think she would have preferred it this way: simple and honest."
"...her dignity shall remain, then," Adolph said and they walked towards the castle. "Shall we return to the castle?"
Laurel nodded and they walked in silence for a while before she spoke again, "I have been considering something lately and I want to get your opinion."
"Go on."
"Eden" she worried her lip. "I believe he is...some sort of vampire."
Adolph flinched and stopped. Laurel met his gaze.
"What makes you think that?"
"He had a strange reaction to my blood and his eyes glinted. I don't know why he is here, but he isn't just human."
Adolph turned over the idea. It would explain why he seemed more or less okay so soon after he had been thrown into a wall, but he couldn't be a full vampire based on his daytime habits and the way he moved. Vampires had a way of carrying themselves, an unnerving stillness to them when they wanted.
"Is it possible to be part vampire?"
"Yes," Adolph said, thinking back. he'd faced plenty of variations of vampires in his youth. "Though he must be of a strong lineage to withstand sunlight and maintain some semblance of physical hardiness."
He wondered if the barriers around moon goddess temples would keep Eden out the same way it kept other vampires out. Eden might have had no ulterior motives, but Adolph was hard-pressed to believe  it. It had been his caravan that had delivered poison to the front lines, after all. Was that a part of the plan? 
Did he have decent night vision? Perhaps, his bloodline was too diluted to have much more than hardiness and sensitivity to blood. 
That didn't sound right. He'd have to look into the old documents about vampires and half breeds. Even if a werewolf had a child with a human, they were considered a werewolf. They considered it a result of being favored by the moon goddess, but vampires could weaken their traits by having children with humans.
"One way or another, he'll show his hand if he has one to show."
Laurel nodded and hoped that Eden was simply seeking refuge from the war.

Basil stumbled to his quarters and found Delia sitting on his couch, dressed for bed. She shot to her feet. 
"Do you know what time it is?" Delia asked. He turned from her and went to the table where he'd left the bottle of whiskey and sat down. "Where have you been all this time?"
"The graveyard," he answered and pulled the cork out of the battle before tipping it into his mouth. 
"What were you doing there? You've been avoiding me for days"
He hissed and set the bottle down, "Delia please go away."
Delia's heart lurched and she softened her tone, "But alpha, I--"
"My wolf hates you," Basil said brashly, leaning against the table and looking up at her with bleary eyes. "He's been indifferent to you since I met you, but now he hates you, and I'm too drunk to care"
He sniffled as his eyes burned, "I don't understand why you're supposed to be my mate, but he hates you He at least liked Laura... He likes Laura I loved Laura"
Delia gasped, not even breathing as he continued to drink and got up from the table, stumbling towards his bed chamber and mumbling.  
"Laura Why don't you love me anymore? I'm sorry I didn't mean to" His voice drifted off as he collapsed across his bed still holding the bottle of \whiskey in his hand.
Delia smothered the scream of panic in her chest before leaving the room as quickly as she could manage. The trembling started in her hands as she made it to her room and closed the door. She rushed into her bed chamber and curled up beside the bed as the shuddering gasps of panic began to escape her. 
She couldn't be losing her grip on him. 
She had to make him love her again. 
She had to or Eden would pull her from the mission and send her back to the wilds or worse. 
She just had to calm down and think. She had to think. 
She had to think. 
###chapter 97: Service To The People
He had been reviewing proposals for several days before Eden's proposal crossed his desk: well thought out, meticulous, and in agreement with his escort requirements. He'd used his foreknowledge of Adolph's new policies to his advantage. It should have made him relax, but it only made him more suspicious. A vampire descendant in the werewolf kingdom could be harmless, but it was unlikely.
The things Eden wanted to import weren't dire necessities, but the lack of them could cause problems for the hospital and several other businesses that were vital to the capital. What could he be trying to gain for asking for such a small contract? It was almost negligible in the face of Eden's caravan's capacity for transport and trade. 
Something didn't sit right with him and he knew if he set it in front of the ministers to approve they would not ponder such things.
A knock sounded on the door and Chasel entered with a scroll.
"An update," Chasel said as he closed the door behind him. 
"Go on, tell me what you found on him."
Chasel sighed, "He hasn't made any suspicious moves yet. Sent a few letters, conducted some business in town. We haven't heard anything bad about him yet, but we're still looking. I've sent spies into the human villages to try and get an idea of where he's from and some more information on his history."
"Good, thank you. Keep an eye on him. It concerns me to have any manner of vampire ingratiate themselves into the capital like this"
Let alone being so close to Laurel. He had taken care of Laurel while she was recovering, so he knew that Eden meant her no ill will, but there had been something about him, a stillness that made more sense now that he knew he was part vampire. 
He carried no scent of a vampire, meaning he was likely only half-vampire or less, but the stillness he was capable of was unnerving. He thought back to the fiasco of their wedding day. 
Eden had been there, close enough to look into his eyes and see the flicker of red light around him. He remembered Eden's face from the flashes of memory while he'd been fighting the fury that had nearly taken over him. 
*Eden froze in place, still as a statue though his eyes were alert, watchful, and calculating. There was no fear in his eyes. His heart hadn't even raced, still beating the slow steady pace it always had.*
He'd never encountered anyone with such a steady heart rhythm. Perhaps that was also a sign of his lineage. Vampires looked like humans most of the time, but they had no heartbeat. It was part of what made them so tricky to deal with. They could move near silently and swiftly too. 
He sat back, "What would a half-vampire with a powerful vampire lineage want in the werewolf kingdom?"
Chasel hummed, thoughtful about the question, "I assume you're asking about Eden"
"I am," Adolph said looking up at him. "What could he gain? Vampires are matriarchal."
"Were they always?"
He nodded, "That's what the books say."
Chasel hummed, "Maybe a chance to escape that society."
He frowned, "You were more involved with the reconnaissance into the vampire queen's territory What did you see?"
He winced, "Well, lots of rock and dead plants. I'm not sure if food is actually scarce or if it just seems like it is There were a few human villages within the territory, so they must be sort of civil towards them."
"Or keeping them like livestock."
"It's possible." Chasel hummed, "The queen has never been seen. I never heard anything about her having children either."
He hummed, "Do you think it possible that she's too vicious a creature to have children?"
Chasel shrugged, "I don't know, but I don't know of a monarch who doesn't need an heir."
Adolph nodded, "You have a point We'll think more about it. For now, I think I have a course of action I should run by my delightfully conniving luna."
Chasel laughed as he stood, "By all means, Your Majesty. I believe she is in her office."
Adolph expected her to be. He locked the door to his office behind him and knocked on Laurel's door. 
"Come in."
She looked up as he entered and smiled. Her eyes brightened like two glowing emeralds. 
"Your Majesty?"
Adolph closed the door behind him, "That expression is either joy or conniving."
She laughed, "I am happy to see you, but I also have an idea. Though your expression is certainly conniving."
Adolph chuckled, "I have an idea about who to get rid of next and how to make sure I take everything he's worth."
Laurel laughed, "Something tells me you're enjoying this too much."
Adolph shrugged, "Perhaps I am. It's the little things after all."
The plan was pretty simple and Laurel couldn't find anything in it that could be a problem. The minister of justice had been a thorn in the side of the generals stationed in the capital since she'd been Laura. They always complained about his actions and were always eager to find a way to get under his skin. 
They would gladly testify about his mishandling of duty during wartime and in general just for the asking. 
"Glad you like it," Adolph grinned. "As for Eden he's submitted a trading proposal I wanted you to look at."
He handed it to her and she worried her lip, skimming through the pages. As he expected, she frowned. 
"Why these?" Laurel asked. 
"I don't know, but what are your thoughts about allowing him to have them?"
She shook her head, "Until we know his agenda, I don't know how to feel about transporting goods that could affect the hospital in any way Could we perhaps give him a partial contract on those supplies and fill the rest of the order with things that can and have been grown in the orchard. Or grow some of these things ourselves and let him have what he wants?"
Adolph leaned forward, "You think there's space for it?"
She shuffled her pages around and slid them forward to show him a tentative map of the orchard. 
"Here's the edge of the fruit trees and the vegetable patches. I'm planning for the expansion, but even right now there's some free space that I meant to use for medicine"
As she went on, Adolph smirked. There were medicinal supplies in the caravans that Laura sent and the page she was showing him was a new drawing, still smelling of wet ink. The gates had come down, but she wouldn't have had the time to go exploring herself. 
Laurel was Laura. 
"Sounds like a plan then. I'll keep it in review until you're sure we can produce enough for it not to be a problem."
Laurel nodded and beamed at him, "Great."
"So, what is your dastardly plan?"
"Well, I don't think that Lady Helena's tutoring is enough to fill Lady Delia's day Lady Helena has the patience of a saint, but if Delia is training to be the next luna when Basil takes the throne, she'll need practical knowledge."
He snickered, "And so?"
She smiled, "Well, I could always use an extra set of hands."
Adolph threw his head back and cackled, imagining Delia with Laurel at the orphanage surrounded by children. She would be dreadfully uncomfortable, but it would at least serve as a deterrent from ever misappropriating funds from the budget. 
"I look forward to your mischief, darling," Adolph said. "I'll be sure to announce it at the next dinner."
"Thank you *alpha* ."
Adolph froze at the rush of desire that rushed through him, tightening his gut and nearly stopping his heart. His wolf growled low and wanting and he got to his feet. Laurel turned bright red and stood as if trying to escape him, but he caught her gently and pinned her against her desk to kiss her deeply. 
Laurel moaned and wrapped her arms around his neck, holding him tight as he lifted her onto the edge of her desk and held her against him. She was hot and soft against the hard line of his arousal. Pleasure and desire twined and rushed through his head. 
"You have no idea what you do to me." Laurel gasped as he rolled his hips against her with a shudder. "Just wait until I have you"
"Y-Your Majesty"
He pulled back and met her gaze, "Don't call me that if you intend to get anything done."
She worried her lip but nodded. He pressed a kiss to her forehead and pulled away. 
"I have to leave or nothing will get done. I will see you later, love."
"O-Of course, Your Majesty."
She listened to him leaving the room and took a deep breath. Amazed that such a simple thing had such an effect on him. She had only been curious, but she made sure to keep in mind that he liked being called alpha a lot.
###chapter 98: Farewell

Delia looked outright devastated at the news. Adolph would say that he didn't enjoy the look on her face, but it would be a lie. He still hadn't forgotten about her tearing the gown he'd had made for Laurel or attempting to throw Laurel out of the castle.
Delia couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her? Work with Laurel on charity projects? While it would get her out of her long sessions with Helena, it was not complete freedom. She didn't want to run around the city with Laurel, but she held her tongue. Basil's drunken confession echoed in her ears. 
She had to do something and imitating Laurel for a little while was as good as anything else she'd tried. 
Could she maybe get him drunk enough to sleep with her? Did alcohol work on his wolf as well as it worked on his human form? 
They left the castle after Delia's morning session with Helena. She still hadn't managed to walk around the room with the stupid book on her head and she hadn't read many of the books she'd been given. She had no interest in poetry or art. It was just a matter of time before Helena gave up on her, she was banking on it. 
Laurel led the way to the hospital and Delia shot glares at anyone they passed who looked at them too closely. 
When they arrived, Laurel introduced her to the staff and put her under a woman's command. 
"Glad you're here," she said. "We could always use some more people to help clean up. We'll start with the messiest ward. It's easier that way."
She glared at Laurel as she was led away from her. Laurel was speaking to the head of the hospital who looked at her strangely.
"Is that Lady Delia?" she asked Laurel. "Please... don't tell me that she's..."
"Oh, no. She's here to get some practical knowledge of how the hospital works and how vital it is. Another set of hands... How are things coming along?"
The woman sighed with relief and led her towards the worse ward to talk about the damage done to a rather severe case. A wolf lost her mate while traveling and she had been on the edge of madness for a while. Before they'd managed to sedate her, she'd injured several nurses and broke a few gurneys. 
"That is the worst case we've had lately," she said. "I'm hoping that by the time of your wedding, more people will be well enough to go to the festivities and hopefully meet their second chance mates."
Laurel nodded. It was a good goal.
"Laurel?"
She turned to see Eden carrying a box. His hood was still drawn over his head and he seemed shocked to see her. 
"Hello, Eden," she said, forcing a grin on her face and her doubts to the back of her mind. "How are you?"
Eden smiled at her, "I'm good. I'm glad I got to see you before I left."
The head of the hospital wandered away to tend to a patient as Eden set the box he was carrying down on the table. Laurel followed him outside to help bring in the other boxes. They seemed to be filled with cloth bandages rather than anything fragile. 

Delia sneered down at the mop she'd been given to clean up the splashes of blood and the bucket. She was a princess, not a scullery maid! Laurel's laughter drifted into her ears and she turned to see her standing with a hooded man. She drew closer. 
"I'm sure it will be a grand adventure," Laurel said. "You'll be careful, won't you?"
"Does the king know about your relationship?" Delia asked, just loud enough to be heard as she glared at Laurel around the man's shoulders. "Still just as shameless as ever"
She gasped as Eden turned around, showing his face. His grey eyes went cold and meaningful as their gazes met. She cursed herself as a rush of fear went through her.
"I-I-"
"How rude," Eden said, narrowing his eyes at her. "How dare you insinuate such a thing."
Delia turned red and turned her head away. 
"Apologize to Laurel," Eden said, "Aren't you that same rude girl who tried to throw her out?"
Delia clenched her jaw, "My apologies."
Laurel frowned looking at Delia's expression. She looked petulant as she turned and went back to pushing the mop around sloppily. Laurel shook her head. 
"Thank you, but that wasn't necessary."
Eden smiled as he turned to her, "Of course, it's necessary. You will be a married woman soon! I can't have your husband wanting to kill me... again."
Laurel winced and cleared her throat, "Safe journeys, Eden. You'll be back for my wedding, won't you?"
"I'm not sure." He winced, "It's... quite a far way away, you see. Perhaps. I will try my best."
"When are you leaving?"
"Within the hour," he said gesturing to his cloak. "I was just emptying my caravan before leaving. If I don't make it back in time, congratulations on your marriage."
Laurel nodded, "Thank you, Eden."
She walked with him to the receiving area and waved him goodbye. She let out a little sigh of relief that she hadn't been obvious about her suspicions, but her heart was troubled. Was he telling the truth about leaving to pick up an order or was he going to go meet with vampire forces? How much of what she'd seen of Eden was the truth?
How had he gotten Delia to apologize? Sure, she knew him as a merchant that interacted with Gavin, but was there more to it?
She gasped, her eyes widening. Was Delia somehow connected to all of this? Was that possible? She was Basil's mate... She never heard of anyone being able to mean harm to their mate. She turned away from that thought. Delia had an investment in keeping Basil happy and staying on Gavin's good side as his granddaughter-in-law. She was probably thinking too much into it. 

They returned to the castle for dinner. Delia retired soon after and Laurel met with Adolph in the meeting hall to discuss the tax reports and their next steps. From the records that Chasel had procured, every minister was guilty of at least tax evasion and embezzlement at the least, but she was still banking on Gavin being the mastermind of the entire operation.
She closed her notes and the reports as the ministers, Basil, Raven, Irene, and the others came into the hall to report about the wedding preparations. Basil looked haunted, staring at the table with dark circles under his eyes and unkempt. There was still a bit of dirt smeared on his face. 
Gavin looked appalled, staring at him, but Basil didn't look at anyone as the ministers began to explain the troubles they were having, getting the invitations together and sent out as well as procuring a priestess for the union. 
Raven scoffed, "The royal calligrapher will handle the invitations just as he did before."
"But is it really necessary to use such expensive ink? And the changes to His Majesty's wardrobe..."
"Do you expect them to wear the same clothes they did in the last ceremony?" Irene asked, "It seems you are more concerned with a few coins than the happiness of the couple."
Raven laughed, "Besides, the gown and his suit were burned due to the poison on them."
Gavin grit his teeth, listening to Raven and Irene go on about how they would not budge on their requirements and the budget set aside would be enough to cover it all. The minister of peace began to mention the cost of having Lady Helena educate them and Raven scoffed. 
"I am not an idiot, the funds to educate the new luna and the prince's wife have been set aside long ago and are from a completely different set of accounts."
Gavin swallowed, seeing them scramble to try and come up with something plausible that would get them out of trying to spend money in the imperial coffers that weren't there. 
"Of course," Gavin cut in as a glimmer of an idea began to surface in his mind. "With the temple's cooperation, it should be more than possible to acquiesce to your demands."
Adolph glanced at Raven whose gaze turned on Gavin. He watched her expression for a moment before turning his gaze on Gavin. 
"The ink is made by the temple, isn't it? From lunar flowers? Perhaps we could make some ink for the lesser invitations." Gavin said. 
Raven glared at him, "The budget set forth is more than enough."
"But so soon after the last attempt to wed them?" Gavin asked. "The imperial coffers simply cannot withstand so many extra costs. Not that I would expect a luna of a noble pack to understand the intricacies of the imperial budget."
Raven narrowed her eyes before glancing at Adolph and smirking, "I suppose I could not expect a ceremonial minister to understand them either."
Gavin flushed. 
"The treasury paperwork has already cleared this budget, thus the money allocated for His Majesty's wedding should be secure unless the minister of treasury and the minister of commerce have neglected their duties."
Adolph smiled at his sister as Gavin flushed and the anger filled his face. 
"Right... how could I have forgotten Lady Raven's familiarity with the imperial treasury processes?"
"How could you?" Raven asked blithely. "The Black Mountain Pack receives monies from the treasury for the perimeter guard. I'm well versed."
Gavin's nose wrinkled and something malicious glinted in his eyes. Adolph made a note to keep an eye on Gavin and looked at Chasel. 
He nodded with barely a tilt of his head and Adolph called the meeting to an end, scheduling the meeting for the next week. 
Gavin was being backed into a corner as were all of the ministers. A cornered animal tended to lash out or play dead. 
He wondered which Gavin would choose in the end.
###chapter 99: In The Know
If Delia had to mop another dirty floor, she'd scream, pull a nurse's hair out, and bash her brains in. The nurses and cleaning staff of the hospital were all dull and irritating, never taking the hint that Delia didn't care about any of the people in the hospital's well-being. 
Still, the hospital was better than the orphanage. Being surrounded by all those pathetic children reminded her of her childhood in a way she never wanted to think about. 
Trying to play nice with Laurel and obeying her orders was going to drive her crazy. She needed another plan to get Basil to think differently about her.  
"You are slouching," Helena said primly, cutting into Delia's thoughts as the book clattered to the floor. "Try again."
She wanted to lunge across the room and tear the woman's hair out, but knowing that Adolph had hired her stayed her hand. She didn't need to make an enemy of Adolph. She couldn't afford to. Eden was gone, but she knew he'd want to see some sort of progress when he got back. 
She'd been leaving Basil alone as he came back from working all day, ate dinner, and drank himself to sleep like clockwork. While she appreciated what it was doing to him physically, hardening the softer parts of his body and putting muscle on him, she could do without being ignored by her husband. 
If he could manage to stay awake long enough to hear her plight, she might have been able to get her out of a bit more of Helena's sessions, but she didn't know how to speak to him without thinking about his drunken words. 
*My wolf hates you.*
The wedding was approaching soon and she wasn't even sure she'd make it through this session without losing her mind. 
Maybe she was wrong. Maybe she should just give up and escape, feigning her death and disappearing with whatever she could take with her never to be seen again. At least, she wouldn't have to deal with whatever Eden considered as proper disposal of her. She wouldn't have to go back to where she came from. 
She could cut her losses and run. It would be better than being pulled.
The book clattered to the ground again and she huffed. 
Helena looked at her, "Take a break. We'll pick up in an hour."
Delia was surprised at the woman's lenience, but she took the out and left the room without a word before wandering to a quiet corridor near the kitchens and looking out the window to the orchard. The gate had been pulled down and people were going in and out of the orchard with large baskets and equipment. 
It had been a real victory to get Basil to put the gate up after Laura's death. She'd had to plead and whine a bit, but it had been worth it. 
If only Adolph had died of poisoning then, this wouldn't be happening. 
She sighed. It would be easy to escape, but she couldn't bring herself to willingly go back to having nothing after having so much. Walking around with books on her head made her feel stupid, but it was better than the cold and dangerous wilds. She didn't like having to read books she didn't care about, but it was better than an empty stomach and constantly fearing for her life. 
She was tougher than this. She had changed to be a simpering fan of Basil's to get close to him. She could change to be the perfect noble wife too with a little practice. She just had to change her view on the situation. 
This was training, acting, another batch of skills to add to her skill set that would keep her fed, warm, and safe. All she had to do was get Basil to love her. She could do that. 
He may love Laura, but she was dead and she wasn't coming back. No man would turn down a warm, living body for a memory. 
Something rustled nearby and she turned and gasped, seeing a pair of familiar figures bringing in food, dressed like a merchant and speaking with the servants. He was a member of Eden's caravan and part of his forces in the capital. 
What was he doing in the capital?
He turned, likely feeling her staring at him. She nodded her head to an alcove nearby and walked toward it. 
She heard him follow her down the hall and around the corner to where no one would see or hear them. 
"What are you doing here?" Delia asked. "This wasn't part of the plan."
He eyed her and smirked, "If you don't know, then you don't need to know. We're playing it close to the chest, so keep your head down and your mouth shut."
He tipped his hat and walked away leaving Delia a little put out. She was a vital part of this mission. Why would she be left out? Was it a failsafe in case they were caught and killed? Maybe Eden had kept her out of it for her safety? A little thrill went through her at the thought. 
That seemed about right. 
After all, she was further into the castle than anyone else. She was the one who told him about the marriage ceremony being moved to the temple on the grounds. The thought lightened her mood. She stopped off in the kitchens for a snack and skipped back to the parlor where Helena waited, ready to try again. 
Helena watched Delia enter and pick up the book to balance on her head. She wasn't sure what had inspired Delia to change her attitude, but something in her churned with anxiety. From what she had observed, Delia was not the type to suddenly change her tune about anything. There was something sly and devious about her that she'd only seen in Olivia. 
Maybe the adage about men marrying their mothers was true. 
Basil may have never met Olivia, but he was exposed to Gavin and Tina over the years. She shook her head. The poor child had no idea what a rude awakening he was in for when Adolph started to educate him on the truth of his station. She wondered briefly if Basil would end up cracking and escaping to live with his grandfather on whatever piece of land Gavin managed to retain after everything was said and done. 
Delia stumbled and grit her teeth. Helena went to her and took one of her hands, lifting her arm at her side and pressing on the small of Delia's back. 
"Straighten your spine and walk heel to toe, gently. This does not need to be a race."
Delia clenched her jaw. 
"It is often in the calming of one's mind you find your grace."
"Laurel seemed to have it done and she's from a random village in the country."
She smiled, "Are you jealous of her."
Her eyes narrowed, "Why would I be jealous of a seventeen-year-old?"
"She favors your husband's late wife. She has taken up her mantle with grace and efficacy. His Majesty trusts her unconditionally... You are sentenced to etiquette due to the mishandling of her duties though you see the position as rightfully yours..."
Delia's eyes flashed with fury, a little red light that made Helena's heart skip in fear. Something was very very wrong, but she continued speaking calmly. How could a woman married to her mate have rogue tendencies? Did Adolph know about this? How would she even tell him?
"There are many reasons, logical and not, to envy her position, but it is not in that emotion you will gain mastery over what you want..." Helena said and stepped away. "You must find the truth of what you want and pursue it on your merit."
Delia took a step. Helena said a lot of things that she didn't care about but she took the time to consider her words. 
What she wanted were luxury and comfort. She wanted power and status. She wanted to never go back to where she came from. She wanted respect and admiration. 
She looked ahead. The only path to that required her to walk around the room with the book on her head and to somehow get rid of Laurel. 
She smirked. 
She'd gotten rid of Laura easily enough. How much harder could it be to get rid of Laurel?
How could she get Laurel out into the forest and shove her over the cliff the way she had shoved Laura?
As she contemplated it, she found her steps even and sure. The book wobbled a bit on her head, but it didn't fall as she made it halfway around the room.
Maybe Lady Helena had good ideas after all. 
She reached the place she had started from and Helena clapped. 
"Wonderful. Now, go again and recite *The Lone Heart* ."
Delia barely stifled the groan but started walking and repeating what little she remembered of the poem. 
###chapter 100: Midnight Ball
Laurel couldn't sleep that night. She had a decent day, but she couldn't find a restful position, so she rose from the bed and pulled on her dressing gown. Often, she'd take a walk around the castle in her past life trying to calm her mind and find some peace. She walked through the guest wing and down to the ground floor, passing the gallery that faced the garden just behind the palace before she felt someone in the shadows. 
Her heart quickened, wondering if it was Laura's killed. She rounded the corner and grabbed a candelabra before she whirled, setting a fighting stance to defend herself and gasped as Adolph smiled at her. 
He hadn't expected her to try and arm herself, but he was impressed. She had truly come far in her training to think to do so or even to notice him. He hadn't meant to sneak up on her, but his footsteps were light out of habit. 
"I'm impressed you noticed me."
"Y-Your Majesty, forgive me. I didn't know you were there."
"No need to apologize," he said. "I was looking for you."
She frowned, "How did you know I was awake?"
Adolph hummed, "A feeling, I suppose."
He offered her his arm and they entered the main ballroom. Most of the decorations for their wedding were up. All that was left were the garlands that would lead the way through the gardens to the temple site behind the castle. To her knowledge, they were still working on gathering the flowers for them and they would be completed in time. 
She trusted Raven's ability to manage the process with Irene and the support of Lily and Sarah. She wondered how the temple was coming along and almost wanted to see it, but she refrained from trying to go down the path. 
It would be best to wait to see everything on the wedding day, and she had a feeling that seeing it before would make it feel too real and send her into another panic attack. 
She shuddered. She didn't want to go back into that spiral of panic.
"Would you honor me with a dance?"
"A dance?" Laurel asked. "But there is no music."
Adolph chuckled and took her by her waist, leading her into a simple waltz around the room. She couldn't remember dancing much in her past life. Whenever Basil threw a party, he often ignored her in favor of dancing with noblewomen. She knew how to waltz, of course, but it was different being whirled around by Helena with crisp instructions and having Adolph's heat burning along her front. 
Her heart swelled at the easy intimacy of dancing with him. Even dancing with Eden hadn't made her heart race. She supposed it was because of the nature of the dance and the nature of the men. 
"Music? My father would say music is just pretty dressing. Dance is between two lovers." Adolph grinned, "I happen to agree if the partner is right."
She chuckled, "Oh?... You don't speak about your parents much."
He nodded, "It is not the easiest topic, but I find what joy I can in their memories"
Laurel nodded, "If it's not too much, tell me."
Adolph grinned, "When I was young, on nights I couldn't sleep, I'd come down to the ballroom. My mother and father were fond of midnight balls."
"Midnight balls?"
He nodded, thinking back on it fondly. His father and mother would be alone in the ballroom, waltzing without music, speaking quietly to one another, laughing, and simply enjoying each other's company away from the prying eyes of the court. He remembered watching them and feeling such comfort in their obvious love for each other.
"They were deeply in love it sounds like."
He grinned, "They were. My father lived every day like he was still courting her, and she adored him until her last breath"
When she'd been found dead, his father had been surrounded with red light, flickering and furious that hadn't stopped even after he found the culprit and displayed his body as a warning to traitors. For a while, they weren't sure if he would keep his sanity. He went to the front lines with Adolph to work off some of the aggression. 
All his father had asked of him as he lay dying was to have his ashes interred alongside his wife. It was a request he'd fulfilled with a heavy heart. The kingdom had never been the same after his death, but Adolph had done his best to lead his people the way his ancestors had. 
"I look forward to having our version of midnight balls together," Adolph said. "How do you feel about picnics?"
Laurel chuckled, her fingers rippling against his shoulder. A little shock of anxiety went through her at the thought of the future. Would she survive this marriage? It was a thought she didn't like to think, but one she had to consider. 
"Do you remember what I told you about the temple's grounds?"
Laurel nodded and he looked up at him. His blue eyes were searching her face, likely looking for fear or apprehension. She didn't know what she was feeling at the moment. 
"I moved the location of the ceremony for that purpose, but I want you to talk to me about how you're feeling."
Laurel shook her head and leaned into him, resting her head on his shoulder. 
"I understand why you moved it I read somewhere that the jam made with lunar flowers also acted to neutralize a lot of the poison."
"Oh?"
"It's not an antidote, but it stops it from being lethal Maria's jam saved my life"
Adolph smiled, "I think that every time I eat it."
She shook her head, "Really, Your Majesty?"
He laughed, "I am a simple man at heart."
Laurel chuckled. He was surprisingly more complex and simpler than she had ever imagined and she loved it. Petal jam and blood auras, tenderness and bloodlust: she loved him.
Laurel sighed, "I am scared nervous, and hesitant about taking the position of luna, about standing at your side when it seems that people want to kill me"
She wasn't sure how long that list was or if it was growing longer without her knowing. 
"But, I don't want to let my fear stop me, or us, from being happy."
Adolph smiled, looking down at her, "What a marvel you are"
She smiled and let him whirl her around for a bit longer. She told him more stories of his childhood and she gave him a bit of what Laurel's childhood seemed to be like from the letters she'd written to Jack. She kept it vague and as close to the details as she knew for certain to be safe. 
Adolph had known Jack personally, so there was no telling what sorts of stories Jack had told him about Laurel before they met. They danced for hours, it seemed before she started to feel tired. Adolph kissed her cheek, thanked her for the dance, and led her back to her suit. 
"I think midnight picnics wouldn't be a bad idea," Laurel said and yawned, "To stay out all night under the stars like before."
He chuckled, "I am glad you liked it."
"Though I'm not opposed to midnight balls either," Laurel grinned. "They're both quite nice."
He escorted her back to her chambers and paused at the door. 
"I was actually hoping to present you with this gift," he said reaching into his vest.
"Oh, Your Majesty, please"
She gasped as he showed her the object. It was small, seeming no longer than a quill, though it was gleaming in the moonlight and well-wrought. Moonlight and scenes of butterflies and flowers covered the outside of it. The little strap that went with it was made of fine leather and seemed too big to be meant for her leg or arm. 
"As a celebration of your progress in training," he said as she pulled it apart to reveal the thin, gleaming blade. 
"A dagger?" She looked up at him. "Sam mentioned that he would be teaching me to wield one"
"It's meant to be concealed in your gowns. My mother had one like it I'd like you to keep it on you at all times and get used to having it as your training progresses."
She slid the dagger back into the sheath and nodded, "I will. Thank you."
Adolph nodded, "I'll be sure to keep far enough back that you won't accidentally stab me the next time you wander around the palace."
She pouted at him, "It is not kind to tease, Your Majesty."
He chuckled and pressed a kiss on her forehead, before grazing their lips together.
"Goodnight, Laurel."
"G-Goodnight, Your Majesty."
He smiled as she opened the door and ducked inside, peering at him as she closed the door slowly. He sighed leaning against the wall as his heart fluttered before turning and heading to his suite for some much-needed rest.
###chapter 101: Complete
Henry watched Basil swing and nearly miss for what felt like the millionth time today. He was pretty sure that his nephew wasn't going to be able to work much longer like this. 
What had happened to him?
A couple of days ago there had been another change in Basil's behavior. He showed up still stumbling around, picked up an ax, and got to work without saying much of anything, reeking of alcohol and looking exhausted. He looked a little past nauseous today, yet he didn't let up on his clumsy, though decent, pace. Henry wasn't sure what to make of it though he and Raven had spoken about Basil's strange behavior lately. Maybe he was fighting with his wife. Henry knew that anytime he and Raven were at odds it was hard for him to focus, but something told him that that wasn't the case.
Basil's ax skittered across the stone uselessly before falling from his hands, and Henry decided that was enough.
"Basil, sit down for a second."
Basil turned blinking at him before obeying sitting on the steps of the temple with his head in his hands as if his world was over. 
What the hell happened?
"I'm fine,'' he said. 
Dorian looked at Henry as he approached Basil and sat beside him. 
"If I believe that I'd be a terrible person and blind," Henry snorted. "I'm neither of those so what's going on?"
Basil didn't want to talk about it; he didn't even know what he was supposed to say. How could he explain that Laurel was Laura? That he treated her terribly while she was alive even though she'd done everything she could to help him? That now that she was dead and reincarnated and marrying his father he wanted her back? How was he supposed to explain that he had doubts about Delia being his mate? 
"I'd rather not talk about it,'' he said, finally, unable to fathom saying anything else. 
Henry sighed, "You look like hell, you smell like booze, and you haven't complained once this week. Something's wrong, and I can only imagine you're not talking to your father about it because I"
Henry threw up his hands, "I have no idea. Dorian? Help me out here?" 
Dorian sat on the other side of Basil. It was just the three of them today since Liam was accompanying Raven and Irene into town.
"I agree with everything you said and raise the fact he looks like he hasn't been sleeping either."
Basil said nothing staring off into the distance. Henry and Dorian glanced at each other and decided to leave him alone for now. They didn't have the same relationship with Basil as they had with Adolph and they respected that. Whatever Basil was working through would just have to be private until he was ready to talk.
After lunch they let Basil help put plaster on the last of the steps and repair the columns rather than handle chopping wood. The altar was complete, the grounds were repaired, and short of the plants Oliver would plant, the temple had been restored. 
"Well, look at you all. We leave for a few hours and suddenly you're done!"
Henry gave Raven a wry look, "Never mind that we've been working on this for the last couple of weeks?"
Raven's eyes glittered with humor as she kissed his cheek, "You're just that amazing. We'll say it only took you a few days."
Dorian laughed, "Oh, if that was the case we would have been done a lot sooner and less tired!"
Raven laughed, "Well, you're probably not as tired as Liam is since you only sent him out with us."
Henry grinned, "Probably not, but someone has to be sacrificed for the greater good."
Raven looked down at Basil who was sitting on the bottom step of the temple and staring up at the castle. It seemed that her nephew was really starting to think about his choices and where they'd led him. Maybe he'd start thinking about where else he might want to go soon.
"If the temple is done, we're going to send out the invitations today. That will give Oliver plenty of time to plant."
"The royal calligrapher got through them all?"
Raven grinned, "There's nothing like a little tenacity to get things rolling."
Henry could only imagine that meant Raven and Irene had nagged the poor man to keep a brutal production pace, but he couldn't begrudge her that. Adolph was her twin after all, and the sooner they completed the ceremony the better it would be for their reign.
Raven checked the temple off her list and went back inside with Irene to meet with Laurel and the royal tailor. She found Laurel in her office pouring over documents and seemingly absorbed in her work.
The poor woman looked a mess, but Raven kept her tone even and her smile light.
"Laurel, it's time for your fitting."
Laura looked up, her eyes wide and slightly fearful. Raven closed the door behind her and approached the desk. 
"So soon?"
"It's been several weeks, dear. The temple is complete and we're sending out invitations this afternoon."
She took a deep breath. She couldn't believe time had flown by so quickly. Had it really been so long since she'd been poisoned? Her hand started to tremble at the thought of putting on another wedding gown, but she pushed those thoughts away. She already made her decision to stay in the kingdom and stand by Adolph's side. She couldn't and wouldn't turn back now.
She stood and rounded the desk before following Raven out of her office. They went to a different parlor than the one they had been in before. She didn't know what that meant, but she was sort of grateful to have this wedding's preparations be different than before. She wondered if they would have to be in the same room for brunch or if some other tradition would replace it. She was almost afraid to ask.
"Here we are."
Raven opened the door and ushered her inside where the royal tailor stood with a bright smile.  
"I imagine your measurements haven't changed much, but it's important to get it right with this style of gown."
What could that possibly mean? She did not ask the question, but stepped onto the tailor's step and tried not to be nervous.
"As you've asked, we've pulled together all the traditions we could manage. And given how your last wedding went, we've decided to step it up a notch and really show the people how much your wedding will mean for the country."
Laurel nodded. She and Adolf needed to look destined to be together given how inauspicious the last attempt had been. She wondered what that would look like. Raven gave her a smug look. 
"It's been several generations since a king was married in the temple. The tradition fell out of practice several generations ago when the temple on-premise was destroyed."
No one was sure what happened. The temple should have been mostly protected from all things, but most assumed that it had something to do with the shift in power that led to the creation of the ministries and no one had bothered to try and repair it because of that belief.
"Now that you and Adolf are dissolving the ministries it'll be good to lean on that mythos and the general understanding of what it means to be married at a temple."
Laurel shook her head, "I don't understand.  What difference does it make if we're married at a temple?"
"Having a priestess preside over the ceremony is important; however, having such a ceremony take place on temple grounds is like having the moon goddess' stamp of approval on the union. It will cut down any rumors the ministers or anyone who may oppose your union has begun to spread since the last attempt."
Irene smiled, "Having your marriage sanctioned by the moon goddess will lend a level of credibility that no one can contest. It will also help ease people's concerns about your age difference and the fact that you're so young when taking the throne."
She never considered it that way, but it made perfect sense. The moon goddess was considered the highest authority in the werewolf kingdom. She had a feeling that the moon goddess might also have a very powerful role in the vampire queen's domain as well, but she tried not to think about that. She still wasn't sure what to do about Eden or what to make of his presence in the werewolf Kingdom. 
The tailor finished her measurements before bringing a long silver-white cloth towards her and laying it across her shoulder.
She hummed, "Do you think it's enough?"
Raven drew a hand over the fabric, "I think with the right amount of flowers and adornments it'll be perfect. We were lucky they had enough to spare."
Laura frowned, "Isn't this the same material they wear in the temple?"
"It is. You and Adolph will be wearing temple robes as it is taking place at a temple."
Laurel chuckled, "How traditional."
"Exactly!"

Laurel left the parlor feeling a bit more at ease. She asked Lynn to escort her out into the city to check on things and asked another attendant to find Delia as her lessons with Lady Helena would soon be over for the day. As she waited, Eden approached through the main gates. 
"Eden!" Laurel called. "You made it back."
"For now," Eden said. "A few days rest before I head out again"
She sighed, "I'm sorry you won't be here, but please come back safely. Maybe you'll be back in time for the celebration?"
He gave her a tense smile, "Maybe."
###chapter 102 : Theory
The morning of the wedding came faster than she imagined it would.  She prepared to leave her room to start the traditions of the day only to find Basil standing outside of her door looking as though he was about to knock.
Her eyes narrowed at him in suspicion, "What do you want?"
"Laura--"
Laurel held up a hand, "I have nothing to say to you."
"But you're--"
"Laurel, the king's mate and luna, and you are the prince, his son."
Basil clenched his jaw, "I can't accept that. Didn't you love me? You can't say that you don't feel anything for me anymore."
Her eyes turned cold as she looked at him unfeeling and unflinching.
*"You are nothing."* Basil's blood ran cold as the cool breeze of that night whirled around him. *"Though I am glad you have shown your wretched face."*
The look of shock on his face gave her the strength to keep going.
"Soon, the kingdom will know that His Majesty *is my mate and the one I will love for the rest of my life*."
"Laura--"
"I will be the luna of the kingdom." She lifted her chin and looked down her nose at him. "As for you, Basil Raymond, *I care not what happens to you* after we are married."
"You can't" Basil gasped, shuddering. "You can't do this to me."
She scoffed and walked past him, "*I told you. I will do as I please.*" 
Basil turned and watched her go, at a loss for words. Guilt and regret consumed him. Hadn't those words been echoing in his mind for days now? What else did he expect her to say? Is this how she felt when he'd said those things to her?
"I'm sorry," he whispered but she didn't stop as if he'd never spoken.

She'd heard him as if she hadn't walked away from him, but she didn't care. She walked down the hall alone to the parlor where the brunch was meant to happen, keeping her head high and her back straight. She opened the door and found Raven, Irene, and everyone else present. smiled.
"So glad that everyone can make it."
She rounded the table and took her seat. The place settings were the same, though the room was different. She was nervous sitting at the table with everyone who had been at the original brunch, but things were different.
The trays that came in smelled different than the ones from before. Lily and Sarah stood at her side and tasted everything first to her surprise.
"But--"
They smiled at her. 
"It's important that you're comfortable," Sarah said. "It's important that you know that the food is safe so that you can enjoy your wedding fully."
"Besides, I'm not opposed to having a taste of everything!" Lilly said, sending a peal of laughter through the room.
She looked at Delia who had not said anything since entering the room. Laurel ordered that the food be served all at one time, and they worked their way through the courses with light conversation.
When the soup was set in front of her she shook, but she forced herself to eat until she could see the blooming pattern of lunar flowers at the bottom of the bowl, five in total, just as she was supposed to. 
A little sigh of relief left her. At the very least, no one had interfered with the procedures this time.
After brunch, they returned to her quarters to get ready. As promised the gown was nothing like the dress she wore the last time. Long and flowing, the fabric was lighter and seemed to shimmer with silver in the threads. It hung loosely from her frame before they wrapped a silver cord around her waist to cinch it.
"You look like a great ancestor. "
Irene set a wreath of lunar flowers on our head attached to a gossamer veil before Raven gave her the bouquet of twenty-seven flowers. 
"Are you ready?" Raven asked, meeting her gaze.
"I am."

Adolf looked in the mirror adjusting his white robes and cinching silver rope around his waist.
"Ha, only you can make temple robes look that good!" 
He glanced at Henry through the mirror and grinned.
"I hear the Raymond genes are very strong."
Henry laughed as Adolph turned back to his reflection. He liked this look a lot more than the formal, straight lines of his suit. There was something ancient and powerful about the look. 
"Your crown, Your Majesty."
He chuckled as Chasel offered him a simple wreath of silver lunar flower leaves. He set it in his hair as the door opened and Basil entered. His shoulders were slumped; his head was down. He looked distraught. He crossed the room silently to the bottle of alcohol sitting on the table. Adolf crossed the room and took the bottle from him.
"You will not be drunk at my wedding."
Basil lifted his head. His eyes seemed vacant and staring at him as if he didn't recognize him. A spark of realization flickered in them before his eyes turned hostile and resentful.
"Father, I have to speak with you."
Adolf had a feeling he knew what he was about to say, but he nodded and asked the others to leave for a moment. When the door closed behind them, Adolph spoke. 
"What is it, Basil?"
"It's about Laurel."
"Basil--"
"She's not who you think she is. She's Laura. I don't know how she got into Laurel's body, but she's definitely Laura." His eyes hardened. "You can't marry my wife, father."
Adolph lifted an eyebrow at him, "Delia is your wife, Basil. You divorced Laura barely an hour before her death."
His lips twitched, "That was a mistake."
"And often we must learn to live with the mistakes we make. In this, you have to let it go."
"I don't want to let it go. I can't let go. You don't understand-"
"I do," Adolph said solemnly. "Laura was a good woman and you mistreated her. You let your ego blind and control you. You pushed her away and now you regret it. You want me to back out because you think it will give you a chance, but Laura is dead."
"But Laurel--"
"And even if she was alive, she has no interest in trying again with you."
"You don't know that. You don't know Laura."
"You married again before her grave had settled. No good woman with a modicum amount of self-respect would forgive that."
"But father--"
"I have nothing to say to you about it. Your relationship with Laura has nothing to do with my relationship with Laurel. If you truly believe that Laurel is Laura reincarnated, the least you can do after treating her the way you did is to wish her well, stand aside, and let her be happy."
Basil looked up at his father. The words of denial and refusal burned on his tongue, hot and angry, urging him to say something to get him to change his mind.  His father didn't understand. He'd had years to get over Olivia. Whatever lingering respect and attachment he could have had for his late mother had long since died. Basil had only had a few months to come to terms with Laura's death before Laurel had shown up at the castle with Adolph.
Still, the look in his father's eyes said that there wasn't much else to be said about it. Adolf would not back down and Basil had no means to fight him.
*You are nothing*, she'd said to him. *I care not what happens to you.*
Basil clenched his jaw. Adolf pat him on the shoulder with a sigh. 
"One day, son, you will make peace with what your arrogance cost you. After that, I have a feeling you will find a woman who will give you the same happiness that Laurel gives me." Their gaze met, "If you cannot find it in yourself to watch as I marry Laurel, I will understand if you do not attend."
Basil couldn't believe what he was hearing. Was his father asking him to stay out of the ceremony? Was it a trick? He shook it off.
"I will go,'' Basil said calmly. "You are my father and my king. It is my duty to go."
Adolph was impressed. He poured a glass of whiskey and gave it to Basil with a soft smile.
"All wounds heal," Adolf said. "The pain that lingers is just a reminder of a lesson that should have been learned." 
He called the rest of the party back inside and poured them each a glass. With a cheer of congratulations, they headed to the ballroom.
Basil stood off to the side in silence, his head down and his eyes troubled. Delia came to stand beside him when Laurel and the rest of the women entered. He watched Laurel cross the room like an ancient bride out of a history book to join his father in the center of the room. Adolf took her hand, they removed their shoes at the door and led the procession out towards the temple as his heart clenched with grief.
###chapter 103: Marriage and War
The walk to the temple from the ballroom wasn't long, but it was very scenic. The path had been cleared of weeds and replanted with fresh paving stones to guide the way and new flowers that seemed more vibrant than any flower had the right to be after being planted less than a week prior.
Oliver, the gardener, had outdone himself.
"Are you all right?" Laurel looked up at Adolph. His expression was pensive and troubled. "Are you feeling okay?"
Adolf lifted her hand and kissed her knuckles, "I am overjoyed. You look lovely."
"Somehow, temple wear suits you."
"Do you think I can get away with wearing it all the time?"
"I doubt it would do anything to lessen your very menacing reputation."
"Probably not."
Laurel gassed as they rounded the corner and she got her first look at the temple. The columns looked new. She couldn't even tell that it had been in a state of disrepair. The steps gleamed as if they had been polished and were lined with moonstone that glinted a silvery-blue in the evening's light. The priestess was waiting at the altar with a knowing smile. She wasn't the priestess who had tried to marry them before, but she had similar features. She was older than Adolf and Raven. Laurel had a feeling that this was one of his aunts.
As they walked up the steps, she felt a sense of calm security was over her as if they were back at the main temple.  Upon a closer look, the altar was made of moonstone as well and carved with symbols filled with silver. She couldn't read the words, but she knew it was writing. It looked a great deal like some of the carvings that had been in the temple.
Adolf was impressed by how well they had restored the temple. Though he had expected nothing less of Henry and Dorian. As they turned towards each other, Adolf wondered if he could ever have another moment like this in which he felt completely at peace. He knew there was still trouble within his borders and that to feel any sort of security now put them all in danger, but he couldn't help but relax at the sight of her standing in front of him. 
They were getting married, and no power in the world would stop them this time.
The priestess' words were different. They evoked an ancient feeling of reverence and importance and seemed imbued with the moon goddess' presence. Adolph glanced at the priestess and found that her eyes glowed like moonlight and her smile seemed otherworldly.
He glanced at the constituents and found them mostly in shock and awe at the sight. This was probably the best idea Raven had ever had, and he would have to remember to tell her so as soon as he and Laura were married and making their way back for the reception
"By the moon goddess' light, her grace and favor, I stand witness to the union of this couple. As does everyone here Do you swear before the moon goddess and all present to bear the burden of duty as king, mate, and alpha to the werewolf kingdom and your wife,  Laurel Miller?"
" I do."
"Do you swear before the moon goddess and all present to bear the burden of duty as queen, mate, and Luna to the werewolf kingdom and your husband, His Majesty, King Adolph Raymond?"
Laurel smiled, "I do."
"By her grace, I present King Adolph Raymond and Luna Laurel Raymond."
The clapping and excitement filled the air as Adolf pulled Laurel close.
"You may kiss your luna."
Adolf dipped his head to press their lips together, careful and tender before a prickle of awareness shot through her. Adolf pulled her aside as an arrow narrowly missed them and buried itself in the ground nearby.
A scream of shock went through the air as bodies descended on the congregation with a ferocious growl.
"Return to the castle!" Adolf ordered pushing Laurel back towards the altar. "Laurel, stay here. You'll be safe."
Laurel wanted to protest, but he shifted into his wolf form and leaped into the fray, defending an alpha from another pack. 
More guards came up to help deal with the ambush but more werewolves kept coming. Where had they all come from? He didn't recognize any of them, but each of them seemed to be wearing nondescript clothing as if they were meant to just blend in with the servants and merchants in town.
Basil was shoved out of the way by Henry, telling him to grab Delia and whoever else he could manage and head back to the castle where others were fleeing. He turned, searching for Delia though his wolf was uninterested in her safety. 
"Delia!"
She didn't seem to hear him, nor did she seem frightened. Maybe she was in shock but there was something about that thought that didn't sit right with him. Delia's eyes were focused, not watching any of the attackers,.but on the altar where Laurel and Adolf had stood moments before. Her lips twitched as a man began to run up behind the altar towards Laurel.
Basil hurried to her to grab her by her arm, "Let's go!"
Delia turned back but allowed him to drag her towards the entrance of the castle without fuss. Something nagged him in the back of his mind, but he didn't pay much attention to it.

Laurel stumbled as a werewolf crept up behind her. She turned as a man grabbed her and yanked her back and away from the altar. The priestess stepped back with her hands raised and her mouth open in shock.
Laurel twisted, drawing her dagger out of its sheath and shoving the man back hard. He didn't release her and dragged her back away from the altar until she could feel the sense of peace and protection vanish.
He grabbed for the dagger, but she was faster avoiding his hand and slicing the arm that held her. He cried out in pain and released her. She turned back to the altar and ran around the side towards the fray.
She heard him following her and turned to be ready to drive the dagger into his chest when Adolph roared and leaped over her head onto the attacker. The man barely managed to cry out before the snap of his neck echoed through the air.
Adolf shifted back into his human form. His robes were covered in dirt and blood, but he seemed unharmed. The scuffling of the guards and the attacker died down. She turned around and found that the guards far outnumbered the attackers now and had subdued the remaining werewolves who survived.
"How"
"I assumed they would attack at the wedding, so I made sure there were enough guards to deal with any sort of force." He turned to Chasel. "How many were injured? Dead?"
"10 wounded,  5 dead: all attackers"
It was better than he expected. He smirked, "So, it looks like you haven't been letting them go soft."
Chasel scoffed, "As if I would ever want to face your wrath if I did."
"Get them into chains and to the dungeons within the hour. Bring me the leader if you can."
Chasel rushed off to do his bidding as Adolph turned to Laurel.
"Are you all right?"
Laurel nodded and she sheathed her dagger, "I'm okay."
"It seems like your training has come in handy. I was a bit concerned that you'd freeze up."
She took his hand, "I said I would stand at your side and fight for the werewolf Kingdom. I meant that. "
 Adolf smirked, "I don't intend for you to have enough energy to fight so soon after our wedding."
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment, "Your Majesty!"
He pulled her close with a little growl of discontent, "We're married now, wife. Can't you call me by my name?"
Laurel trembled looking up at him and nodded, "Adolf, please."
"Later," he said and pressed a quick kiss to her cheek. "For now, we figure out what we can then head to the festivities."
Chasel returned, dragging a man with him, "Here's the one giving the orders at least."
Adolf glared down at the man, taking stock of him and trying to place him in his memory. He didn't recognize the man from Eden's caravan or anywhere really. It would have been nice to be able to point to that later, but he supposed Eden and whoever was behind the attack, was a bit too smart for that.
They were werewolves. Likely rogues who either had lost their mates or had been banished from their packs for one reason or another.
Adolf crouched, grabbing the man by his throat, and pulled him closer to meet his gaze.
"You have an opportunity to save your life and the lives of your comrades. Who sent you?"
Adolf waited for the man to speak, staring into his eyes. A flicker of defiance went through his eyes before the man opened his mouth and spat in Adolph's face.
###chapter 104: Luna Laurel
Adolf closed his fist swiftly, breaking the man's neck before standing and wiping his face with disgust.
"Burn this man's body and get the rest of them to the dungeons to be interrogated. They'll crack and I don't care if they die."
"As you wish, Your Majesty."
Adolph watched Chasel and the guards take the rest of them away. He turned to Laurel who looked a bit pale but smiled at him. 
"I'm sorry for killing him in front of you like that."
She shook her head, "I expected it He spit in your face."
He grimaced, "No more killing for the day at least."
Laurel almost laughed. She realized it was a very morbid thing to laugh about, but she couldn't help it. They walked to the secluded fountain in the garden so he could wash his face and hands.
"They didn't intend to kill you," Adolph said, wiping the water from his face. "It seemed that man had orders to kidnap you. For what reason, I don't know, but I don't like it."
There was only one person he could think of who would have a reason to kidnap Laurel for personal reasons, but the vampire queen, if she had enough insider information, would know that Laurel was his weak point and go after her or Basil.
Still, the vampire queen was more likely to kill Laurel than try to kidnap her.
There were only werewolves among the attackers, but that meant almost nothing. It could have been an attack staged by someone who was against his marriage to Laurel, but he doubted it. 
Adolph sighed, "I expected some vampires to be among them, but this tells us that the person behind the attack has an insider source of information or is an insider."
"You mean someone infiltrated the castle."
"Or was involved with the planning. The ministers are spooked by our plans. They're not above underhanded methods like this."
Laurel didn't agree. Underhanded methods and outright treason like this were very different things. She didn't think that Gavin or any of the other ministers had the audacity or confidence to try and kidnap Laurel at her wedding just yet. They hadn't pushed them that far yet. In her heart, she felt they would be more likely to try and sabotage a relationship in some other way. 
"How likely is it that one of the ministers is behind this?" She asked.
"It's not impossible, but it is improbable. Again, I think it's more likely that they may have inadvertently supplied the information. Still, it gives us more of a reason to get rid of them faster, don't you think?"
Laurel laughed, "Well, I did make a promise to get rid of them as soon as I became luna."
"You might as well keep your word. Though" He leered at her with a sly smile. "You won't technically be luna until we consummate the marriage.  So it'll have to wait for at least a few days."
"A few days?"  Laurel squeaked, her face burning red. "You can't be serious."
"I'm as serious as a heart attack." He offered her his hand. "Come on, we can't allow the rest of the kingdom to enjoy our wedding reception without us. It's poor form."
Laurel sighed and took his head nervously, following him back to the ballroom. They slipped back into their shoes and found that Raven and the others had already started the reception to get people's minds off the attack. He was grateful, sending her a little smile and a nod of acknowledgment before leading Laurel into the hall. Henry approached them. 
"Raven has set up replacement outfits for you to change into for the reception if you'd like."
"Thank the goddess for a woman who is always prepared."
They parted at the door of the ballroom and slipped into the separate parlors nearby to change. As expected, Raven had another set of robes. Adolph changed quickly and headed back to the ballroom. Laurel stepped out of the other parlor moments later and followed him Inside. They were met with a round of clapping and cheers before he took her hand and led her onto the dance floor to share their first dance as husband and wife.
He tried to exist in the moment of pure joy with Laurel, but his instincts were screaming at him that there was still danger lurking around every corner. Any one of the people who had been invited could have tipped someone off.  Maybe one of them was directly involved in the attack and waiting for another chance to try again. 
What would they get out of kidnapping Laurel other than to drive him insane? What game were they playing? Did they know that was an option?
"Adolf," Laurel's voice pulled him from his thoughts, easing his tension. He looked down at her as they whirled around the dance floor. "You're thinking too hard. Dance with me."
Adolph pulled her closer and took a deep breath of her scent, letting it calm and center him in the moment. 
"I'm sorry. You're right, it's our wedding day, and I'm worried about someone jumping out from behind the band."
She laughed, "At this point, it's kind of expected. Although, I think coming down from the chandelier would be a better option."
He laughed and glanced up at the chandelier above them, "While it would be quite the surprise, I don't think that old chandelier would hold anyone's weight, let alone a battalion of werewolves or vampires."
"They could get creative. Killer birds?"
He laughed and kissed her as she started to giggle, focusing on the warmth of having her in his arms. They spent the rest of the evening dancing and mingling with the guests who had come.

Delia sat at the edge of the room with a small plate of food and a drink watching them dance. Fury burned in her chest. She had recognized several of the werewolves who had been involved in the attack though they might not have recognized her. She didn't know who had survived and who hadn't, but even if some of them were dead, that didn't mean she was safe. She had changed a great deal from the skinny, pathetic victim she had been. It was unlike Eden to have such a poorly executed attack. Has she missed something? Maybe this wasn't his attack but one of someone else's? Maybe Eden's attack was still coming.
She hoped it was, and that Laurel accidentally ended up dead.
"The new luna is so different from the old one. I don't know what to make of it." A noble said from nearby.
"The prince's late wife or the king's late wife?"
"Oh, I had forgotten about her. She bears quite a resemblance to her. What was her name? Laura, I think?"
"I wonder how Prince Basil feels about it. Maybe father and son share a type."
They laughed, and Delia grit her teeth. Didn't they know she was right here? How could they talk about the position that should be hers like she wasn't there?
"Still, there's not much you can say about her. It's not like Laura who we all knew wasn't the prince's mate. The king had their ceremony at the temple. No one can question that."
"I wonder what will happen to Prince Basil when they have kids."
Delia's heart lurched and she listened closely. She had never considered that. She never even thought it was a problem since Basil was the oldest, but she knew almost nothing about how the Raymond family operated.
"Well, the prince is the oldest, but their child would be blessed by the temple because they married on temple grounds. I think that kind of makes them even in the eyes of the people." 
"Well, I spoke with the minister of peace a while back about the implications of having Laurel on the throne if they got married at the temple. He said that whatever kid she has by the king would be considered the crowned heir due to some old covenant the family has with the temple."
"Yikes, do you think Prince Basil knows that?"
"How does that affect him and his wife?"
"I don't know, but I don't think we have to worry about that. I heard they aren't really getting along anyway."
Delia took a deep, steadying breath and clenched her fist in her dress.  How had they heard anything about her and Basil's relationship? Were the servants talking? Did the nobles still have spies in the castle?
"Just look at him," one of them said. "He looks miserable."
"Well, I'd be miserable too if my wife was the reason why my spending budget got cut."
They laughed and Delia's face burned with embarrassment. It seemed that the servant didn't have to talk since the ministers talked so much.
She had to make this right.  She had to get Laurel out of her position.
But how? She worried her lip and looked across the room as Adolph and Laurel whirled around the dance floor and felt sick. 
*Just you wait* she thought. *I'll get rid of you the same way I got rid of her somehow.*
###chapter 105: Married
The reception ended slowly. People were mostly too drunk to leave that night and ended up staying in the various guest rooms around the castle. Laura and Adolf retired as soon as Raven said that they had the rest of the cleanup in hand. Laurel was a bit nervous as she realized that she wouldn't be returning to the room she had been staying in that night. Raven had already told her that they had already moved all of her things to the luna's quarters and Adolph was clear that he intended to spend the night with her.
What would that mean she wasn't exactly sure. She didn't have much of a concept of what he intended to do to consummate their marriage. Was sleeping in the same bed enough or would he want sex?
"Are you okay?"
Laura wasn't entirely sure she could answer that question. She supposed she had been preparing for it in some way. In her past life, she had tried to prepare herself. She shuddered at the thought. She didn't think Adolf would leave her the way Basil had left her, but the sting of rejection was still at the back of her mind.
Alice scoffed, *Don't be ridiculous*. *Adolph is nothing like his son.*
They reached the second to the top floor and turned down a long corridor. It struck her that she had never been on this floor either. Basil and her old suites were several floors down. 
"This floor is ours," he said, leading her down the hall. "On the left is the king's wing and on the right is the queen's."
She wondered for a moment if Olivia had ever lived in the Queen's wing and if she would find some remnant of Olivia's life in her new chambers.
She hoped not.
Adolph led her through several doors. Each room they entered seemed more lavish than the one before it, decorated gold and fine fabrics. Each table, chair, and dresser gleamed with fresh polish and a light scent hung in the air, but there was something odd about it.
The air seemed a bit stale as if no one had been in the rooms for ages.
"I don't tend to sleep here," Adolph said after a moment. "I prefer sleeping closer to the barracks honestly, but that's hardly an appropriate place for our wedding night."
She looked at him surprised, "You don't sleep in your own quarters?"
Adolf chuckled, "I'm the king. The entire castle is my quarters."
She scoffed. It was such a high-handed thing to say, but she couldn't argue with him. He gestured her toward the couch in front of the fireplace and kneeled beside it to start the fire.
"I have no interest in forcing you, Laurel. If you decide that it's too much, I'd be happy to simply sleep beside you."
Laurel stared at him at a loss for words. He couldn't be serious when he said that. 
"You don't want to?"
Adolph let out a breath as the wood began to crackle and pop in the heart. He stood and returned to sit beside her. 
"Do you remember what I told you? About wanting nothing more than to take you to bed?" Her face burned. She nodded timidly. "I still mean that, but I am a man of my word. I will not force you to do anything you do not want."
Laurel was shocked into silence. It was incredible to hear him say it. She drew closer, tentative and a bit nervous. Her heart was racing as if she had run several miles to get to this room. 
In some ways, she had. She reached up to cup his jaw in her hand and got up on her knees. 
"I want to," she said, meeting his gaze. "I just don't know what to expect."
Adolph swallowed the pang of anger and the grunt of desire that went through him. After Basil's confession and all of Adolph's suspicions, he'd wondered if Laurel would compare him to his son. It had been a bit uncomfortable to think about Laurel as having once been with his son, but her words shook him. 
He swallowed and caressed her cheek, "Do you trust me?"
"Yes," she said, grazing her lips across his. 
Adolph leaned forward to bring their lips together in a brief kiss before licking into her mouth. She gasped and slid her hands around his shoulders. He wrapped his arms around her, bringing her against him gently as they kissed and he ran his hands over her hips, getting her used to the feel of his hands on her body. 
She shuddered a bit in his arms and gasped as he sucked her tongue into his mouth and groped her. 
"Okay?" Adolph asked. 
She nodded timidly, not meeting his gaze. She couldn't. The weight and heat of his hand on her hip were doing strange and wonderful things to her inside. As he slid his hand around to take a firm grip on her ass, her stomach jolted and her hips twitched. He let out a soft, pleased sound. 
He grunted as his blood started to heat and desire burned in him. 
His wolf growled, pushing and urging for more, but he held back. They had all night. No one would take her from him now. He pulled her into his lap, settling her hips against his and guiding her to roll her hips against his. Pleasure shot through him, drawing a groan from his chest as she moaned, soft a pleading. 
Laurel trembled at the zip of pleasure that went through her and shifted her hips against his trying to feel it again. She rolled her hips and gasped as their gazes met. His eyes were hungry, staring at her. A flush graced his cheeks and his gaze was so intense she thought she might burst into flames. 
She yelped and scrambled to wrap her arms around him and her legs around his waist as Adolph surged up from the couch. He held her against him with one hand and twined the fingers of his other hand through her hair, pulling her into another kiss. Rather than tender, he seemed to want to devour her. He thrust his tongue into her mouth, pressing their hips together as he walked through the chamber. 
Her stomach flipped with excitement and anxiety. 
He lowered her onto the softness of the bed. The blankets smelled freshly laundered and the canopy caught the moonlight streaming in through the window, imitating the night sky.  He leaned up and pulled his robe over his head, tossing it behind him. She watched him, raptly. Her mouth went draw at the sight of his well-toned body, scarred from war and beautiful. 
His lips twitched, "See something you like?"
Laurel scowled and looked away from him. He chuckled, leaning over her and nipping at her neck as he tugged the silver cord around her waist from the knot. She gasped as he pulled up and began to unwrap her robe, baring her body in the moonlight. 
"Goddess" he gasped, soft and reverent. He cupped her face gently. The warmth of his hand made her eyes flutter closed for a moment as a deep warm comfort filled her. 
"You are so beautiful," he gasped, breathless at the sight of her. He pulled the robe down her shoulders, kissing and nipping her neck and lower as she trembled. She let out a trembling gasp as he flicked his thumb over one of her nipples and turned her head. 
"Good?"
She bit her lip and nodded. He leaned down and sucked her lip from between her lips. 
"I want to hear you, darling."
Laurel gasped at the desperate moan that escaped her as he rolled one of her nipples between his fingers and slid his hand down her body. She clenched her thighs together, panting with anticipation as he slipped his fingers between her thighs and stroked. 
Adolph groaned at the startled cry that came from her as she arched from the bed. She was hot and wet in his hand. He bit his lip, trying to keep calm as he continued to stroke her. She thrashed, turning her head and trying to dislodge his hand even as her hips rolled into his grip. He grinned, turned on, and enjoyed the sight of her losing herself to pleasure. 
"A-Adolph," she gasped. 
"Yes, darling," he whispered, slipping a finger inside her. She tensed and fluttered around his finger so tightly it made his head spin. 
She would be the death of him. Laurel gasped, clawing at him as he prepared her. He doubted she knew what she was saying to him as she came with a cry, wet and heady. He licked his fingers with a grin and shifted her further up the bed. 
Laurel groaned as the stars began to clear from her vision as he slid between her thighs and she felt the hard heat of him pressing against her. She wrapped her arms around him and he pressed her head against his chest so all she could hear was his racing heart as he pushed into her with a long solid thrust. She heard him curse and still as she fought to breathe through the little twinge of discomfort. He pulled back to kiss her, barely moving and dragging pleasure through her. She scrambled, trying to keep focused to say something, but each stroke stole her breath until she gave in and let him control how fast and deep he thrust. 
She heard cries of pleasure from far away, heard him telling her that he loved her, promising not to stop, but she wasn't sure what she could say when she felt this good.  
"Mate," she whispered.
"Mine," he said. 
###chapter 106: Missing
Laurel woke up sometime midday, curled into Adolph's arms and warm. Her body ached a bit, but she felt no pain and no regret. Their mating bond hummed with emotions. She could feel Adolph's wolf stirring his chest as Alice reached out to him. Who won
"Good morning," Adolf said, drawing her attention.
She looked up at him. They were married and mated. There was no doubt in her mind or her heart that Adolph wanted her.
"Good morning, Adolf."
Adolf grinned, "I love the sound of my name from your lips."
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment and she moved to get out of bed. Adolf tugged her back down and rolled them so he pinned her to the bed.
"I believe I said that I would be keeping you busy for several days"
Laurel squeaked as he shifted his weight between her thighs, hard and hot against her 
"Oh, but I have things to do!"
"And I have needs, my queen. You are one of them."
"But--!"
He dipped his head to kiss her, silencing her as she tried to get free, but he pinned her arms to the bed and rolled his hips against hers. Laurel gasped at the spike of pleasure, losing the strength to resist him.
A knock sounded on the door and she let out a sigh of relief and gratitude. 
"See? We can't stay in bed all day. There's so much to do."
Adolph sucked on his teeth for a moment before sitting up and drawing her closer.
"I'm the king. They can wait."
Laurel tried to scramble free as another knock sounded on the door.
"Your Majesties? Will you be having lunch?"
Laurel seized the opportunity, "I'm hungry!"
Adolph sighed with a disgruntled expression, "I'll allow you lunch at least."
Laurel sighed with relief and slipped free of his grasp. Adolf sat up and pulled on a robe to go and answer the door.
She heard the servant bringing in a tray of food and setting it up in the parlor attached to his bedroom before leaving. Laurel put on a robe and exited the room to sit with him.
He looked at her and gestured to the table full of food with a leering smile, "You should eat. You'll need your energy."
"Your Majesty--"
"Every time you call me that, I want you to know that it makes me want to take you back to bed as it seems to be the easiest way to get you to call me by my name."
His eyes twinkled, "I am not opposed to such tactics, my luna."
Laurel shut her mouth and sat down to start eating. He looked smug, watching her eat before picking up a plate of his own and joining her.
"I've never heard of a married couple doing work the day after they get married. Don't you think you're taking your new position as my luna more seriously than your position as my wife?"
"The kingdom's needs do not stop because we got married."
"Of course, not. But are we not allowed the same luxuries as other married couples?"
Laurel sighed, "Can we make a deal?"
"What sort of deal?" 
"The hospital director was waiting for some approvals from me for the new wing. It shouldn't take more than a few hours. Can I handle that and then come back?"
"And what do I get out of this deal?"
" Well what do you want?"
"You in bed for the rest of the week with me."
Her eyes widened and her face burned, "The rest of the week?"
"Yes, I already made arrangements with Chasel to handle things for the rest of the week.  Between him, Raven, Henry, Lily, Sarah, and the staff they'll be fine for a week.  If you allowed it, Raven would even be able to fill in for you today."
She glowered at him, "It seems you planned on spending a week in bed."
"I wanted a month, but I didn't think you'd be receptive to it."
"Insanity!"
He lifted his shoulder in a careless shrug, "Well? Do we have a deal or not?"
 Laurel sighed, recognizing her defeat, "We have a deal."
"Good,"  he took a bite of his toast. "After lunch, we'll take a bath."
She frowned, "We?"
"...you never said anything about me allowing you to go immediately."
Laurel's face burned with embarrassment. How could he trick her like that?

Several hours later,  as the sun began to set, Laurel made her way to the city to the hospital. She was tired from Adolf's sexual demands, but she was happy. It was a bit exhilarating to be wanted so much. She'd never have to worry about wondering if she was enough for him and Alice was beyond satisfied.
 As she expected, the hospital director had everything in order and ready to sign when she arrived. She had a few adjustments to suggest, but she left with a full hour to spare. 
As she headed back towards the castle she felt someone following her. For a moment, she thought it was just her imagination, but her instincts were telling her she wasn't wrong. She turned onto the main road hoping that the crowd would dissuade whoever it was and their intentions.
Someone screamed and she heard a commotion nearby. Running footsteps came from her left and someone went flying through a market stall.  She turned sharply to avoid a lunging figure and turned to start running towards the castle. people screamed and ran. She heard guards shouting orders and commands. Wolves growled and scrambled against the cobblestone streets, fighting and clawing. 
Blood filled the air and pushed her to run faster. The knights needed to know and she needed to get somewhere safe.
It was chaos. Her heart thudded in her chest as she ran, avoiding skirmishes on the path leading back to the castle. The presence following her hadn't left, so she ran faster, dodging a spray of broken ceramic ware as a woman threw a pot at an attacker. 
She shifted into her wolf form and tried to run faster, hoping to outrun whoever was behind her. As she turned another corner, a sharp pain struck her in the back of her neck and all turned to darkness.
Adolph!

Adolph felt Laurel's panic and dressed quickly before rushing downstairs. He should have known the attack on the wedding wasn't the end of it. His instincts had been telling him that they weren't just there to disrupt the wedding.
"Someone report!" He yelled as he reached the ground floor.
"There's been an attack on the city. Vampires and werewolves!"
He grabbed his sword and sent a servant to spread the word, "The luna was in town! All available men with me now."
He didn't wait for more enforcement. The ten or so guards nearby would have to be enough for now. He'd faced more vampires with fewer people.
They rushed into the city. He smelled them before he saw them. How had vampires entered the Imperial City with such numbers and not been stopped at the border? The traitors had infiltrated further into the city than he anticipated or the vampire queen's forces were smarter than he thought. He tried to reach across his bond with Laurel to find her, but she didn't respond. He couldn't feel anything on the other side other than the fact that she was alive.
His heart raced as he drew his sword and cut through a vampire leaping towards him. A werewolf froze and turned to run, he ran after him, throwing one of his daggers into the man's back. He skittered forward and collapsed as Adolph ran forward.
"Kill them all if you have to. Secure the city and find the luna!"
They responded with a battle cry. The sounds of battle filled his ears as he fought further into the city. He kept reaching for Laurel trying to get a response, but nothing came. His panic made his movements faster as he cut through bodies with unerring accuracy. The edges of the world shimmered with darkness as if he was losing his mind again. He kept reaching out to her and received nothing. 
The curse of a blood aura was lessened by a mate but not broken. He had to keep calm and focused. Where was she? She could still feel her, so she was still alive. Was she unconscious? Was she hurt? How far had she gone? Had she been taken?
The attack ended within half an hour. He headed to the hospital where Chasel was overlooking the transport of injured werewolves into the hospital and coordinating the burning of bodies. 
"Only a few casualties, Your Majesty."
"Have you found Laurel?"
Chasel's expression turned grim and he shook his head.
"The luna was taken," a woman said, slumped against a cot, pressing a compress to her shoulder. "A vampire took her from the streets"
Adolph grit his teeth and growled. The wedding had been a distraction. This attack had been a distraction too. There was only one person who would have known about her plan to meet with the hospital director.
*"Eden."*
###chapter 107: Taken
Slowly, the world came back to her. Light.  Sound.  Then shapes and smells. It smelled like fragrant wood and polish. The seats were covered in plain fabric. It wasn't a royal carriage, but it could have been a basic transportation carriage used to transport families between cities. The world rocked violently, jostling her against the side of the carriage. She groaned at the pain in her neck.  Where was she? The first thing she saw was silver and black shackles around her wrists, connected by a short silver chain. They felt heavy, but her whole body felt heavy. Had she been drugged, or was she just exhausted?
"...Adolph?"
She looked up and across her but the face there was not who she was expecting.  She froze.  She didn't recognize him or the woman sitting beside him.  Their eyes stared at her unblinking and they were unnaturally still.
*Vampires.*
Her heart sped up in fear. A scream built and stopped in her chest expanding almost painfully, but she held back.  She had to keep calm.  Freaking out would do no good.  The bit of self-defense that she knew would only be useful if she could get away and there was no way to escape the carriage easily.
She regretted deciding to go to the hospital. If she had just given in to Adolph's desires, she wouldn't be in this position. She'd have to apologize to him when they were reunited.
"Who are you and what do you want? Where am I?"
They didn't answer but continued to stare at her. The man tilted his head and narrowed his eyes with a curious expression.
"Are you not going to answer me?" 
The woman lifted an eyebrow at her and her lips lifted in a little defiant smirk.
She didn't need them to speak. The fact that they didn't could mean that they had been ordered not to or were simply disdainful of her. Either way, they had been ordered not to hurt her. She stared at them in silence.  They didn't speak and seemed to only be there to keep an eye on her.  The carriage rocked and rattled as they went over a particularly rough patch.
The road turned rougher as if they were leaving a road and traveling through the uncleared forest. Were they? The carriage had no windows, so she couldn't see, but it would make sense if they wanted to avoid being tracked easily. It wouldn't stop Adolph from following them or keep him from being able to find the trail, but it would buy them some time. 
She eyed the walls of the carriage looking for some sort of clue. It wasn't usual for a carriage to not have windows if it was used to transport people, so it was more likely that this was a transport carriage for merchant goods. 
Eden came to mind immediately. Was he waiting wherever they were going?
When the carriage stopped, she readied herself to try and run.  She might not know exactly the way to get back, but she could figure it out.  She could've been out that long, a few hours at most.
The man stood and opened the door of the carriage.  The woman stood next and took her by her arm, pulling her out of the carriage with her. Her grip was firm but not painful. It seemed like they weren't going to try and hurt her. What did they want? Why did they take her?
She could only imagine that it had something to do with her new position as Luna and her connection to Adolph. Did they work for the vampire queen? Was it Eden?
The woman pulled her through the camp as her heart raced. Vampires And werewolves were everywhere moving quickly around the small camp on each side of the path they took towards a tent in the back.  it was the only time that didn't seem to be being broken down. It seemed nicer than the other ones but not by much. The woman opened the tent and nudged her inside.
"Don't try to leave this tent."
"And if I do?"
She gave her a vicious grin and didn't answer. The flap closed in her face and Laurel turned to look around the tent, searching for something to help get the shackles off and to get free. She could see the silhouettes of people stationed on each side of the tent and flopped to the ground with a huff. She had to get out of here. She had to get back to the werewolf kingdom and warn Adolph.
She pulled at the restraints trying to get them to break or at least crack, but they didn't even creak. She didn't know what they were made out of but they were a lot stronger than the average shackles.
She shifted into her wolf form hoping that they would be too big to hold on to her, but they shrunk with her change in size gleaming as if they were laughing at her attempt to escape. She shifted back to her human form with a growl of frustration.
Cuffs like this were the work of magic. Whoever was working with these people had a witch or something like that on their side. She didn't know any magic and magic had been lost to werewolves for centuries. She sighed. Her best chance, for now, was to wait until there was an opening of some sort, a lapse in attention on her, to try to escape. Maybe she could find a rock that could help her get the shackles off or wet her wrists enough to slip out of them. 
She watched the four guards for a while, listening to the sounds of the camp. They didn't seem to be planning to stay for long. People were hurrying around carrying things and loading up carts.
"You heard the order! Hurry up and get those boxes loaded!"
"How much time do we have?"
"Not much, just hurry up.  If we can get out of here within the hour, we'll have a better chance."
Someone shouted, "Move out of the way!"
Something clattered to the ground.
"Hey!"
" Where is he? this wasn't part of the plan!"
"I can't let you-!"
"Out of my way! By order of the general!"
"Make me!" Someone shouted back. "No one cares about the general!"
Who were they talking about? Was the general Eden or someone else?
Someone hissed and there was a clatter of something being knocked over outside. One of the guards darted away from the flap of the tent towards the sound and the clang of swords and shields filled the air.
"Filthy traitors!" Someone yelled. "Kill them all!"
"After the general first! You three around this side!"
The other three guards rounded at the tent, and she took the opportunity to creep towards the back flap of the tent and run into the forest. The flash of fire lit the path she took. She glanced back for a moment, seeing figures still packing boxes and hauling them onto carts. A group of vampires was dragged and forced to their knees. 
She turned back to the path she was taking as a sword was raised over their heads, poised to cut off their heads. 
"Over there!"
"Don't let them escape!"
She pushed herself to run faster away from the camp. Whoever was escaping wasn't her problem. She hoped whatever the struggle was,  it would keep them occupied enough for her to get far enough away.
How long would it take for Adolph to find her at this point? The shackles made it impossible to run at her top speed, but she couldn't have been farther than a few hours' ride away from the city. She doubted it would take long to find her if she just bought Adolph a bit more time.
She reached out through their bond, calling Adolph, but she got no response. Was she too far for him to hear or feel her? She wasn't sure. Her bond with Basil hadn't allowed her to communicate with him as it was too weak. She didn't know much about a true mate's bond. When the sound of the fight seemed to disappear into the sounds of the night, she stopped running, searching for a large boulder or something to break the chains.
She sat down in front of a large boulder and laid the chain over the stone. Grabbing a rock nearby, she struck the chain as hard as she could, but the rock crumbled in her hand. She cursed and went to look for something else to use. She found a thinner rock to wrap the chain around, sliding it back and forth against itself, hoping that the friction and pressure would weaken them. 
"Somehow, I'm not surprised that you managed to get away."
Her heart lurched at the voice, and she turned slowly to look up at the figures stepping out of the shadows of the trees.
It was Eden.

###chapter 108: Half Breed
Laurel could barely breathe.  Eden stared down at her, but she didn't recognize him like this.  In place of the kind young man who had helped her find a place to live, a calculating man stood with a calculating look on his face. His expression was placid as if he felt nothing and his eyes watched her with a sense of knowing that made her deeply uncomfortable.
What did he see?
His presence seemed to shimmer with darkness and malicious intent. Her heart raced.  Would he kill her?
"You are quite resourceful." He approached her slowly and crouched on the other side of the rock. "Unfortunately, you need a bit more than a rock and brute force to break the shackles."
"Why are you doing this, Eden?"
He sighed, "It would have been easier if you had just agreed to come with me"
"I told you I couldn't do that. I thought you just wanted to make things better for humans" She swallowed past the dryness in her throat, "Was that a lie too?"
"I do. But how am I meant to do that with the vampire queen and the werewolf king always at war?" 
Humans would never know a single moment's peace with vampires and werewolves on either side of their lands and always at each other's throats. He knew that from his childhood. He knew that neither side could be trusted to care about humans.
Vampires fed on them and saw them either as breeding potential or livestock. Humans were pawns to them. Toys when they could not be used as tools. Werewolves just saw them as weak and in need of protection. They wanted control of human resources in exchange for their protection but rarely went out of their way to care more than that. 
Neither of them saw humans as a threat to their position of power, but they were wrong. Though humanity couldn't fight them physically, they had the one thing neither of them had: true magic.
He'd planned since he was just a child to show them exactly how wrong they were. 
He had never expected to meet someone like Laurel. He reached out to her. She flinched.
"I'm not going to hurt you, Laurel." Their gazes met. "That will never be in the plan. It's unfortunate that you married him, but it won't matter soon."
"Why won't it matter?"
"Adolf is going to die." Laurel gasped as he gave her a gentle smile. "Thus, you'll no longer be married to him."
"He's my mate, it's not that simple."
"It will be."
He reached for her, taking her by the arm with a firm grip. He was stronger than she imagined him being and lifted her onto her feet with surprising ease.
"You've been playing at being human all this time" She said in horror. "What else was a lie?"
Eden chuckled, "It's quite easy when you've lived with them most of your life"
Eden began to walk, pulling her back the way she'd come, "Even easier among werewolves--"
Laurel clasped hands together and twisted away from him sharply as she brought her knee up towards the back of his legs. He lost his balance and fell backward. His grip slipped and she took the chance to turn on her heel and run into the forest.
She heard him sigh from behind her as she continued to run. Her human form was as fast as her wolf form but it'll be fast enough. He wasn't a full vampire she knew. She hoped his human side was enough to keep him from being able to catch up with her too quickly.
She heard nothing behind her but the sound of the wind and Forest creatures.  The wind rushed past her, howling in the night.  She wasn't sure how far she'd run before she heard voices ahead of her. Hope went through her as she ran towards them. Maybe Adolph and his men had caught up with them? 
"We should go back and kill them all!"
"We don't have time for this," one of them said. "We have to go."
She skidded to a stop, tripping and tumbling through the underbrush until she landed in the small clearing. She gasped, looking up at the group of vampires as they turned to look at her. She didn't recognize any of them, but they were all wearing regular traveling clothes and smelled a bit like ash and blood. 
Had these been the vampires who had escaped the fight at the camp? Were they allied with Eden or the general?
"I say what we have time for," one of them said, stepping toward her. "What do we have here?"
His eyes dropped to the shackles on her wrist. He smirked.
"Isn't she the werewolf king's wife?" One of them approached her. "Pretty for a mangy wolf."
Laurel struggled to her feet, scrambling to escape them before one grabbed her by her arm and hauled her forward. She kicked out, landing a solid kick to his stomach. He stumbled back as another grabbed her and locked his arm around her. The coolness of his body made her stomach churn as she struggled to get free. 
"I've got her, general."
Her heart lurched as she looked at the man. The general wasn't Eden? Was he just another general or someone further down the line?
"Your husband killed my brother," he said, grabbing her by her chin and jerking her head up. "I wonder how he'll feel if I kill you."
Laura looked up into his eyes seeing fury and malicious intent. Her heart trembled with fear. She was surrounded by vampires and she had no way to defend herself against all of them. 
" I hear wolves have bombs that let you feel each other's pain across distances,"  he said Softly. "Why don't you tell your husband to come to save you?"
"We could take her back to the  Queen,"  Another said, his voice lusty. She glanced at him as he licked his lips. "She'll make sure that wolf feels his mate's death."
The man chuckled, "Sure, but we'll have to bring the half-breeds to heel first.  How far is Thoren's battalion?"
"Just on the other side of the border."
"We'll circle back and deal with the half-breed trouble makers."
"Release her," Eden's voice came from the darkness.
The air shimmered around them, and she felt a gust of cold come from behind them. She shuddered a bit at the prickling feeling on her skin.
How had he caught up with her so quickly? What was this feeling in the air? Her stomach churned with anxiety and Alice trembled with fear. 
"You forget your place, underling."  The general said. " What do you have to say about your men going against orders? You think the queen will show you leniency?"
"I say, you'll follow my orders or end up dead,"  Eden said, his voice cold. "Just like Thoren."
The general froze, "What did you say?"
Laurel couldn't breathe, panicking as she listened to the conversation. Couldn't they feel it stirring in the air? Who was Thoren?
"Thoren, Kaelyn, Seth, Rena, Helen, and Gilliam are all dead,"  Eden said. "And you'll join them if you don't join me."
"You're bluffing!" one of them said. "How would you and that little troop have taken out Thoren or Gilliam? Let alone Rena!"
The general remained silent, "You're lying."
Eden reached into his cloak and tossed out a handful of silver tokens. The vampires cast in shock. The general seems Frozen in place. Laurel looked down at the tokens. They looked like brooches of some sort, each of them bearing a different symbol.  There were six in total.
"You"  the general trembled. 
"A new age is coming, gentlemen,"  Eden said, his voice calm. "The old ways will die. Aren't you tired of only getting a fourth of your pay?"
A murmur went through the group. 
"General, what-"
"Quiet."
"But-"
"Quiet, or I'll kill you first!"  The general glared at Eden, drawing his blade. "You won't trick me. There's no way you could have killed Thoren!"
"Thoren was the easiest,"  Eden said, calmly. "His battalion hated him. Something about taking advantage of their sisters, the queen turning a blind eye to their plight"
"You"
"What will it be, gentlemen?"  Eden drew his eyes across the group, "Will you stand behind this general who underpays you, or will you join me?"
"Filthy half-breed!" The general screamed. "I'll kill you where you stand!"
The air turned cold as the general raised his sword. Laurel turned her head slowly to look back at Eden. His expression had lost all placidness. He bared his teeth, sharp glinting in the moonlight. He looked monstrous in his fury. His eyes were glowing and a deep sense of terror filled her.
"The one who kills him gets an extra twenty silver!"
Several of them drew their blades and rushed at Eden. The man holding her stumbled back as Laurel tried to stumble back and away from the fight.
Who was that monster wearing Eden's face? 
###chapter 109: Inheritance
"Stop." Eden's eyes flashed with golden light like the sun. 
The air shook and Laurel felt something shimmering in the air. The general and the vampires who were going to attack him froze in place. 
"Kill each other," He sneered with another flash of his eyes. "Painfully."
The general turned first, cutting through a man who was just beside him. The vampire holding Laurel gasped and started to tremble as her stomach churned at the sight. They hissed and cried out as they attacked each other. Blood splashed through the air, pooling around the bodies. They drove their swords through each others' chests, stabbing until the bodies grew still and silent. They severed each other's heads and tore at each other until only the general remained alive, swaying on his feet.
A head rolled towards her. The eyes looked up at her, the expression was twisted in horror.
"You" he choked out and turned toward Eden. "I"
"Kill yourself," Eden said with another flash of his eyes. 
The general cried out and plunged his sword into his chest, choking and falling over. His blood pooled around him in a slow-growing puddle. Laurel swallowed, unable to look away from the carnage.
Eden glared at the pile and a soft flame began to rise from the center of each corpse before engulfing the entire group. The vampire holding her gasped and released her as Eden lifted his gaze to look at him.
"You will obey me or end up like them. Laurel is not to be harmed."
"Y-Yes. I understand, sir."
Laurel didn't know what to say as the fire engulfed all the bodies and burned the blood to ash that sparkled like flecks of sunlight in the air. Soon, the bodies had vanished and the fire stopped as if it had never been and the ashes drifted away in the wind.
Eden crossed the clearing to her as the sound of horses and carriages came closer. 
"Are you alright?" He asked, searching her gaze. 
She nodded stiffly. He took her by her arm and led her towards the unoccupied horse.
"We've gathered everything," one of the other vampires said.
"Good, we leave now."
Eden lifted her onto the horse and climbed on behind her. He looked at the vampire. 
"Get on a carriage."
He nodded stiffly and hurried to climb into a vacant seat before Eden led them further into the forest. She had no idea which direction they were headed, but she guessed it had to be towards the vampire queen's lands or at least towards the neutral territory.
"How did you do that?" She asked, trembling a bit in the cold. Eden removed his cloak and wrapped it around her. "You didn't you just ordered them to kill themselvesa-and the fire?"
"It is one of the only gifts I have from the vicious woman who birthed me and the father who gave his life for me," His voice was cold. "Her ambition bore fruit though she does not know it."
Laurel swallowed. She thought back to all of their conversations and realized that Eden had never spoken about where he was from or his parents.
"Let me know if you get cold. We are heading north once we pass over the border."
Hope blossomed in her chest. She knew that Adolf had closed off the border ages ago subjecting it to hard checks for any traveler. Getting through with random werewolves was much easier than trying to take her across the border, so what was his plan?
They soon reached the mouth of a cave. Eden sent a ball of light ahead filling the cave with light and led the caravan through it. She heard water dropping and echoing along with the rattle of the caravan. She could barely see a few feet beyond the orb of light ahead of them.
"The vampires you left behind won't be enough to stop at all from coming after me. It doesn't matter how far you go. He'll find me."
Eden chuckled, " I am counting on the king coming after you. I'm also counting on his fury to lead him straight over the edge."
"The edge?"
"The existence you call a rogue is caused by two things: the breaking of a mating bond that leads the survivor into inexplicable madness or succumbing to a blood aura."
Laurel's heart lurched in terror.
"Vampires and vampire descendants like me can't see or smell a blood aura. Werewolves can. His display at your last wedding got me thinking about his mental state and the source of his formidable power. He had all the signs of going rogue. For now, your bond is enough to keep him from falling right over the edge easily, but he is still in danger of it."
Laurel wasn't sure if she should believe him or not, but Eden had no reason to lie to her now that the truth of his betrayal had been revealed. If he was right, Adolph was in danger of going rogue at all times. Maybe the words of the priestess about her being his shield had been literal: a shield against the darkness that was always threatening to take him.
If she could just reach him, she could keep him calm and give him some sort of warning, but she couldn't feel him more than the fact that he was alive.
How was Eden doing that? She didn't know anything that could block a werewolf's mating bond like this. She looked down at her wrist and a bolt of fear went through her.
"The shackles?"
"The distance, the panic, the worry, and anxiety of not knowing anything more than you are alive. He probably thinks I work for the vampire queen and I'm taking you to her. He knows of the woman's cruelty better than most. He'll lose his mind long before he can manage to get to you."
"Then what?" Laurel asked. 
"The ministers, in all of their magnanimous corruption, will insist that he's unfit for the throne. The ministers you fired will be reinstalled within the fortnight. Basil will be installed as king within a few more weeks. After that, the werewolf kingdom will be as defenseless as a newborn."
Defenseless, she thought. It sounded like he planned to attack the kingdom again. What about the army? Even if Adolph couldn't lead them, they weren't a force easily defeated. He had a bigger plan involved or some greater power up his sleeve.
"...I suppose your queen will be very happy about that."
Eden chuckled, "I'm sure, but she won't live to see it."
Laurel flinched at his cold tone. 
*That vicious woman who birthed me*
 Adolf had always described the vampire queen as vicious and cruel. Was Eden her son?
She looked back at him thoughtfully. He looked at her, meeting her gaze from the corner of his eye, and smirked.
"It's a shame that we didn't meet first."
"You realize that if Adolph dies, I will be affected, don't you?"
"I do, but I have a feeling I won't have to worry too much about it. They say that the bond starts to dissolve if one person falls into madness before they die. I have plenty of time. Adolph's death doesn't need to be quick."
She shuddered, "Why do you think that I'll be happy to be with you knowing you've killed my mate?"
Eden's lips twitched, "I am only orchestrating his devolving into madness. Besides, you may hate me, fear me, want to kill me, but you are devoted to the werewolf kingdom, aren't you? At the least, you will cooperate."
"Cooperate?" 
The idea frightened her greatly. Cooperate with Eden after he led Adolph into insanity? There would only be one reason to cooperate with him after that: the well-being of the werewolf kingdom. 
Was he planning to take over the werewolf kingdom? Taking advantage of Basil's ineptitude and the corruption of the ministers to overthrow the Raymond regime?
She shuddered at the thought and the realization that their meeting had just been happenstance and a stroke of luck for him to ease the way if this had been his plan all along. 
She was luna now. Basil knew nothing of war and he was married to Delia. Basil barely knew enough to be a prince.  If the king died or lost his mind, it wouldn't take long for the people to realize that Basil was inept. She would be almost forced to take over for the sake of the citizens. 
Eden was planning to start another war with the werewolf kingdom, but they could have peace if they married and united the lands. No one would think it a bad decision with their warrior king dead, their prince disgraced and the memory of how much they'd lost in the last war still so fresh. 
What was his plan before they met? How long had he been scheming? Had she been alive as Laura and his schemes were already at work? How had her actions as Laurel affected his plans? Had they affected them at all?
###chapter 110: Parted
They rode in silence for a while. Eden was a bit surprised at her silence. He expected her to ask more questions. A part of him knew that she wasn't done asking. Perhaps, she was thinking of a way to let Adolph know which way to go through the cave matrix. 
"How do you know we're going the right way?" Laurel asked as they turned. "It's pitch black."
He chuckled, charmed by her innocence and her transparency. It was refreshing to meet someone who didn't know how to deceive. Even her attempts to remain neutral about finding out that he was part vampire had been charming.
"Practice." 
"Can I trust that?"
"Can you?"
Laurel went quiet. It didn't matter if she could trust his words or not at this point. She had no way of letting Adolph know which way to go even if she managed to tear pieces of her dress and leave them on the trail.
Eden knew Adolph was too smart to try and risk getting lost in the caves. He would likely take a path through the forest that led to where he supposed the exit of the caves was. Eden was counting on him remaining just a few hours behind them until he reached the vampire lands.  
Laurel worried her lip. Was it possible that Adolph could follow her scent? Was it strong enough and what if there was some other trap left behind on the path? 
"Why are you doing this?"
"Because humans deserve peace. Vampires deserve freedom and equality, and this is the fastest way."
He couldn't be serious, but his tone said he believed every word he said. That path of questioning was dead, but maybe she could learn more about his motivations.
"Why do you resent her so much?"
"How much would anyone resent someone who killed their father and tried to murder them?"
Laurel closed her mouth, turning over his words in silence as they rode further into the cave. That confirmed it. Eden was the vampire prince. It struck her for a moment that if Basil was as cunning as Eden was, the werewolf kingdom would be in a much better state.
He wielded magic, but she wasn't sure if that was because of his father or something intrinsic to the vampire queen's lineage. His words implied that she had been trying to have a powerful child. Then, why would she have tried to kill Eden? How did she not know that Eden was her son?
There were so many questions swirling around in her mind. She didn't know what to ask next or if it would do any good to ask. She remained silent as they rode through the darkness, hoping that Adolph was closing the distance between them somehow.

Adolf mounted his horse and turned back to the small group who would be coming with him. Sam and Lynn were among them, as was Chasel and several other knights who had known Jack Miller.
"They have taken my luna. This is likely a plot of the vampire queen, so keep your wits about you. Kill them all without reservation."
They nodded and called out their agreement before Adolf led them down the path, following the track that had led out of the city heading towards the nearest borderline. 
"Sire," one of his knights called. "Look! Tracks into the forest."
Adolph nodded, turning his horse to follow them. It was good that the tracks were there, but where they led was concerning. He knew that they would have had to take a path that wasn't easily blocked to have some hope of getting Laurel over the border. 
Eden and whoever he was working with, if he had an accomplice, was aware of pathways into and out of his kingdom that he wasn't and that was concerning. How long had they known about them and used them? He imagined this was how so many vampires had snuck into the kingdom undetected. How long had the path existed? What other dangers had managed to sneak into his kingdom without him knowing?
They rode for hours before the scent of ash and horses reached his nose.
"Up ahead!"
 They reached the area filled with the marks of pitched tents and battle. Several tents had been torn apart and there was a pile of still burning bodies. There was also a trail leading away from the campsite. Adolf led them down the path, recognizing footsteps.
It seemed that Laurel had tried to escape. Her scent was faint in the air and stopped at a large boulder that seemed a bit scuffed. There were some other tracks he could distinguish and another set of footprints. The two sets took off in a different direction. He followed them closely until he reached an empty and barren clearing. The scent of ash filled his nose, turning the air acrid along with another scent he couldn't name,
Something had been burned here, likely more vampire bodies if the pile from the abandoned campsite was an indication, but there were no remains and that was strange. The only sign that there had been fire was that the grass was missing in this area and the faint scent of ash. 
How could a fire hot enough to burn bodies burn out so quickly? It wasn't older than the bonfire they'd passed.
"It's weird," Chasel said.
He agreed, but they didn't have time to investigate further. Something in him turned in discomfort. He knew some humans could wield magic beyond the werewolf kingdom. Was it possible that there was a witch among the vampire's forces?
"Over here! Another set of tracks."
Adolph led them down the path, following the tracks that were headed further east. The tracks led to the mouth of the cave, and Adolf hissed.
"Damn it!"  
The tracks weren't that old, so they were probably an hour or two behind them, but caves were tricky. They could wander around for weeks or months trying to get through if I didn't already know the path. It was doubtful they'd be able to follow them through the pitch blackness of the cave. 
"What do we do?" Chasel asked, peering into the darkness.
Adolph pulled out a map of the kingdom searching for an answer. The caves likely led into neutral territory. They were vampire forces, so they would end up somewhere on the north side closer to the vampire queen's border. He didn't know how long the path through the caves took but there was a path they could take through the forest that could get them to the ends of the caves in time to cut them off if they timed it right. If nothing else, it would keep them as close as they were now to the kidnappers.
Adolph reached out through their bond again but got no response.  He felt her getting farther and farther away, but he couldn't tell in what direction or how far exactly she was.  an hour on human feet wasn't far but an hour on horseback or by carriage was much further, let alone at vampiric speeds.
"We'll take the path through the force that'll lead us to the end of the caves headed towards the vampire lands,"  Adolf said. "Likely there's a trap on this path,  so be ready."
He turned his horse north and began to lead them through the forest as fast as he could manage.  The night was cold around them. The wind was harsh, cutting past his face.  It reminded him of charging across the border to push back the vampire forces.
If they took Laurel to the vampire queen,  there would be no hope.  That vicious woman would torture Laurel to death,  likely allowing their bond to function so she could drive him insane with Laurel's pain in retaliation. 
"We'll find her,"  Chasel said,  yelling over the wind. "They couldn't have gotten too much farther. Once we get over the border, it's flat land for the most part and we'll be able to close the gap easier."
He knew that and he was thankful that Chasel was there, but his wolf was agitated by the distance and the inability to speak to her. Even just making sure that she wasn't being harmed would be enough. He pulled his thoughts to the present, fighting back the rising fury in him. He had to be calm. Maybe someone among the vampires had figured out the truth of the blood aura. If they did, her kidnapping was partly a ploy to use that against him. He couldn't let that happen.
 Something rustled ahead. The hissing was familiar, stoking the fury in his veins. 
"Vampire," Sam growled,  his voice tense.  Adolf drew his sword urging his horse to move faster as he heard the vampires growing closer.
One of them leaped from the top of the trees at him. Adolf lifted his sword and cut through him with a cry of fury.
"Kill them all!  We don't have time to slow down!"
More and more vampires began to block the path. Adolph leaped from his horse, leaving his sword on the saddle and transforming to tear through them, venting a bit of his aggression and clearing a path. 
###chapter 111: Other Enemies
Blood filled the air, familiar and acrid, yet he shoved it away following the scent of the wind drifting over the border. The colder air of the vampire lands carried the scent of rock and dead trees. It was a scent that would likely haunt his dreams well into his old age.
The first time he'd gone over the border. He'd lost ten men in total to the vicious vampires crawling and hissing over the craggy rock. It had been an ambush that had awakened a darkness in him and stained his aura with the scent of blood. The werewolf who had leaked the plan to the vampire forces had been a part of the conspiracy that had ended his mother's life. 
The werewolf had ended up dead after a near week of torture, and Adolph had walked back to camp with the surviving men smelling of blood and burning flesh. 
Anger and grief had consumed him then. Now, it just bubbled at the back of his mind urging him to go over the edge again. 
The border was up ahead and a part of him drew back from going in fear. They were going over the border again. Laurel was getting farther and farther away. What if he never found her? What if he never found his way back to sanity? What would happen to his son? His family? The kingdom?
Adolph pushed those thoughts away. Laurel was his mate and wife. He had already told Chasel that if they found Laurel dead he was to do everything in his power to kill him at the first sign of instability. Chasel would couch it as a valiant death, or the fact that his mating bond with Laurel was too strong to survive. Chasel had given his word that he would stay by Basil's side until he found a beta of his own. Nearly losing Laurel had nearly driven him insane. There would be no hope that he would come back if she died.
If he had any hope of seeing her again and maintaining his grip on sanity, they had to keep going. He wouldn't let Laurel be taken from him. The edges of his vision shook and melted into darkness as he shifted back into his human form and mounted his horse. 
The madness was coming. He had to keep moving and get away from the scent of blood if he was going to keep his sanity. He knew the signs well enough to be wary. 
Why was it coming on so much faster now? Their bond was completed, even if it was being blocked somehow. 
He heard Chasel and the others following him away from the battle. The few vampires who were recovering or had survived were hot on their heels, hissing and screeching after them. They weren't speaking words, but the pace they pursued them with spoke of a methodical plan to slow them down. 
The horses were fast, but the vampires following them would catch up to them if they didn't get onto flat land soon. Even if they outran them, the vampires had been basic roadblocks. Expendable pieces on the board to hinder Adolph enough to frustrate him and for some other purpose that Adolph had no way of knowing. 
"Up ahead!" Chasel cried as the road began to draw nearer. Hope swelled in him at the sight of the caravan, irrational as it was as his wolf growled in frustration. 
The horses of the caravan startled and jerked as they neared and the people guiding them cried out in fear and alarm. 
"Quick!"
"Break left!"
"Seize them!"
Adolph and his forces fell on the caravan with a snarl of fury, blocking their paths. The werewolves turned, frozen in fear. No doubt the scent of the blood aura had only grown stronger from the fury in his heart.
They turned sharply, untrained and a bit clumsy on their horses. These men weren't mercenaries or trained the way the other werewolves had been, and he could not smell Laurel's scent among them.
"Don't let them escape!"
Before they could break apart and run, Adolph and his men circled the caravan forcing them to surrender or fight.  The leader leaped forward and Adolph plunged his sword into his chest. The man choked, trembled, and died with little more than a gasp. Blood pooled around him as he gasped his last breath. He glanced back to the vampires in the woods and found them gone. Had their only goal been to slow them down?
"Where is Laurel?" He growled at them.
They seemed confused, fearful as they looked at him. The leader may have been a loyal servant, but the rest were silent and nervous. None of them smelled like they had been around any vampires. Scents from the southern sides of the kingdom lingered on their clothing as well as the east and west. 
Adolph growled, brandishing his sword, "Answer me!"
"Your Majesty," Chasel said, his voice calm and pointed. "This caravan is only werewolves. This isn't the caravan that left the city."
Adolph grit his teeth. Chasel was right. They hadn't been in the imperial city. They had come from elsewhere to get to this road. That didn't mean they weren't in league with Eden and the vampire queen. Sam grabbed one of them and slammed them against the side of the carriage.
"Where were you headed?"
"T-The border into the neutral zone. We're just-"
"No, wait!"
Gold coins spilled out of the carriage as one of the knights opened the carriage door. He kneeled and picked up one. 
"Kingdom minted," the knight hissed and peered inside. "Food, clothes. Could be an escape."
"Why were you heading into the neutral zone with a carriage full of gold?" Adolph asked. 
No one answered for a while, but Adolph didn't need them to. Sam growled pressing a dagger to the man's throat.
"P-Please, don't kill me. I-I'll tell you anything you want to know!"
The kingdom's minted gold was only useful inside the kingdom and a few villages that bordered it. There was too much food inside to be for the members of the caravan. It smelled of conspiracy if nothing else.
"We don't have time for this," Adolph growled. "You seven, escort this caravan and these miscreants back to the Imperial city to be interrogated. The gold is to be seized and placed in the treasury. Have it counted."
"Yes, sir!"
"Everyone else, we press on to the border at full speed!"
"Sir!"
Adolph urged his horse onto the road at full speed, listening to the horses that followed him. There were no vampires on the road following them, but he kept his eyes on the road searching for another vampire to jump out.
They hadn't lost much time dealing with the vampires, but he had no way of knowing if it was enough to make it impossible for them to catch up.
He sent a prayer to the moon goddess in his mind to keep Laurel safe and to grant him the speed he needed to reach her.

Laurel wasn't sure how long they rode, but she knew when they had passed into the vampire's lands by the scent of the air and chill. The scent of fresh grass and wild forests died away turning cold and earthy like uncarved stone. She'd heard that the vampire's land had been cursed for generations to be cold and desolate. The sun never broke over the land so very little growed in the vampire's territory. 
She had thought once that they attacked the werewolf kingdom for resources, but now, she knew it was more malicious than that.
She shivered as they rode through an outcropping of rock that stretched towards the sky around them. The air was slightly warmer between the walls of stone.
They rode on in silence before reaching a turn. Around it was a river, babbling below the cliffs. The horses neighed as they climbed up an incline and turned into a cave. She wondered how far into the vampire lands they would go. This cave was quiet, but she could trace the turns they took by the shifts of the light around them as if there were multiple exits in this cave network. Soon, they exited into the bright sunlight. She gasped as it broke over them. She looked up, blinking up at the sun.
In the distance was a high wall of gray and dark blue stone with a tall gleaming iron gate. Around it, grass grew in vibrant green, trees billowed in the wind. 
She couldn't believe that this place was in the vampire lands.
"Surprised?" Eden asked. Laurel looked up at him. "It's beautiful, isn't it?"
"It is... where are we?"
"We call it Annwn," Eden said as they walked towards the citadel. "It's the only protected city in the vampire lands outside of the queen's sphere of influence."
"... a rebel territory?"
Eden chuckled, "You could call it that. It's  home for now."
Home. This was where Eden was from? They approached the tall wall and Laurel tried to keep calm as they neared the gate.
###chapter 112: Behind The Mask
As the gate rose, Laurel braced herself for scenes of blood and torture, but the town behind the castle's gates seemed no different than the Imperial City. People walked across the main path and laughed. Old banners hung from the rafters of buildings and children played. 
"Eden's returned!" A woman cried with a bright smile. "Welcome back"
She looked at Laurel and seemed curious as Eden dismounted and the gates closed behind them.
"Good to be back. How have things been?"
"Quiet," she said. "And your guest?"
"This is Laurel, newly crowned queen and luna of the werewolf kingdom."
She gasped and looked at Laurel fearfully as Eden helped her from the horse. The woman bowed and murmured something Laurel couldn't catch before hurrying away. He led her forward through the city.
"What is this place?"
 She glanced around looking for some clue as to what kind of person Eden was. Scents drifted around, familiar and unfamiliar. There were werewolves in the citadel. She glanced up towards the ledges of the buildings and found people sitting there with unnaturally still forms and faintly glowing eyes: vampires.
"I'm sure you're curious," Eden said as the doors to the citadel opened. "Most people can answer your questions. For now, it's nearly time for lunch."
Lunch? Had it just been a day since she'd been taken? It felt much longer.
Eden introduced her to several people under his command. Some she recognized as members of his caravan and others she didn't.
They settled at the large table and started to eat. Laurel was a bit surprised that there was real food at the table. She had imagined a vampire banquet to mostly be of blood, but she couldn't see anyone drinking anything but wine. 
"Any news from the south?"
Eden smirked, "Captured and demolished. I already sent word."
The man beside her chuckled, "She'll be furious."
"Not as furious as she will be," Eden took a sip from his goblet. "The king's forces will be crossing the border later today. We'll send a scout group to meet them."
"How many?"
"No more than seven," Eden smirked. "He's likely to run into the caravan from his ministers and stop to deal with that."
"The ministers?" Laurel asked. 
Eden smiled at her, "Of course, you didn't think they were above conspiracy, did you?"
"Which minister?"
Eden's lips twitched, "That I can't say, but Gavin likely knew about it. He's one of the only ministers left who have enough money to try to bribe vampires to assassinate the king."
"Would they have succeeded?"
He smirked, "In drawing attention to themselves? Or assassinating Adolph?"
"Assassinating him."
Eden hummed, "Probably not since most of her forces are dead Their latest attack failed too."
Laurel frowned, "You make it sound like you weren't a part of it."
"Why would a high-born vampire soldier ever mention a half-breed's part to play in such a scheme?" Eden chuckled. "Their pride will doom them and protect us besides, I wasn't nor were any of my subordinates not even the spies."
She had never imagined that the vampire world was so similar to the werewolf one if they had spied on each other.
"And what about the spies that come to watch you?" Laurel asked. 
"They're dead or double agents feeding them the information I want them to know." Eden shrugged.
"How can you be so sure of that?"
Eden smiled, "I'll let you figure that out."
Laurel looked down at her food with frustration.
"How am I supposed to do that?"
"Ask around," Eden said. "You'll find that Adolph is a very different leader than Morrigan."
"Morrigan?" Laurel asked. 
"Her Majesty, Queen Morrigan Ash of the great and noble vampires" Eden laughed, "If you want to be formal about it."
She was wary of the abject disdain in his voice before looking at the man beside him.
"Why are you here?"
The man chuckled, "Because listening to this nut job is better than listening to a psycho."
Eden laughed as did most of the group at the table.
"That's the best you can come up with?"
"You got something better for it? You're crazy."
Eden grinned, "I'd like to call it ambitious."
"Crazy," they chorused down the line, and Laurel almost laughed. Despite the circumstances, it was a bit calming to see that Eden had normal relationships with people.
"You called her a psycho" Laurel said. "What do you mean by that?"
The man lifted an eyebrow before glancing at Eden who looked highly amused. He shrugged briefly.
"She's been on the throne for over a hundred years since she killed her sister for it."
Laurel's eyes widened as they continued. Once, the vampire nation and the werewolf kingdom had been at peace. The war started with the current queen's ambition to increase the landholdings of her throne. She took over the human territories, imposing blood taxes and a social hierarchy that sent a lot of humans fleeing over the border.
The leaders who resisted were all murdered, their children were all turned and made into slaves to the throne until they died.
"The exception was the Wiccan alliance," another said, glancing at Eden for a moment. "It's the only country besides the werewolf kingdom that she couldn't beat."
The witches and wizards of the alliance stood against her, neither advancing nor allowing her to advance, frustrating her to no end.
Then, she changed tactics.
"Vampires have never had magic. She wanted a daughter with magic that she could use to gain an advantage in future battles."
She frowned, "What sort of advantage?"
Eden smirked, "Magic, Laurel. Like your temple, but wider reaching than that."
Laurel nodded.
"In any case, her campaigns grew bloodier and bloodier. Adolph has been kicking her in the teeth for years, just as his father had."
Laurel eyed them, "You don't seem to have a grudge against the werewolf kingdom"
They laughed, "We don't For the most part. The werewolves might."
She looked over to where they gestured,  curious. There was a group of five. One with an eyepatch and his hood pulled over his head. He didn't seem to be speaking much. There were two women and two other men, laughing. They seemed happy, relaxed as they joked with one another. A vampire approached them and Laurel expected a fight, but one of the men dragged the vampire down to sit with them with a cheer of joy. 
Having grown up knowing the war was waging and the toll it had taken on the werewolf kingdom, she would have never imagined seeing werewolves and vampires getting along like this.
Eden stood, "I've got rounds to make. Keep her out of trouble, yeah?"
"Will do."
Eden flashed her a smile before leaving her with them. Laurel considered her options and figured that the werewolves among Eden's forces were her best options to get out of her. If Eden could compel vampires to obey him, any vampire or half-vampire in the castle could be a hindrance.
But how was she going to convince them to help her?
"So, you're the new luna" She turned and looked up at them. 
"I am"
They eyed her carefully, "I see. Thank you."
"What?"
"For keeping the hospital open," One of them said. "And the orphanage My cousin's daughter is there."
Laurel gasped, looking up at them.
"Are you here to help overthrow the queen?"
She frowned, "Why would you think that?"
"She's a truly terrible person."
"You're here?" 
Laurel lifted her hands to show the chains.
"You see these?"
They leaned down to look at them curiously and sniffed them. One of them hummed.
"Well, you can't be too careful, I guess."
"Eden put them on you for the good of all of us It's not like your husband is a nice guy."
"How can you support his cause like this?" Laurel asked. "What about your king?"
All but one of them laughed. One of them shook his head.
"What king? What has Adolph the Invincible done for me or my family?"
"He fought--"
"That's what he's done for his reign. What do his struggles with the vampire queen have to do with me?" She shrugged, "My mother was sold into slavery to a werewolf. She was hunted down and slaughtered by his father's forces Would you like to know what she did wrong?"
Laurel frowned as she smirked. Her eyes flashed and her fangs glinted as she smiled coldly.
"She was born a vampire and birthed a hybrid child," She chuckled. "I don't blame Adolph for his father's decisions or his hatred, but I have no loyalty to the Raymond line And him?" She gestured to the young man with the drawn hood and eyepatch beside her. "That idiot heir of his is the reason most of his village didn't make it through last winter."
Laurel's eyes widened as she looked at the young man. His coloring and the little patch of color bearing a familiar crest of a gray ash tree on his shoulder told her a lot, but she had to be sure. 
"You're You're from the Gray Ash pack, aren't you?"
He nodded solemnly as her heart clenched with grief. 
###chapter 113: At The Border
The strife of the Gray Ash pack had been a long-standing issue when she had been Laura. The fall of their village had haunted Laura and spurred her into more aggressive action. Basil had agreed to the increase in taxes set forth by the ministry and refused to set aside money to send out an envoy with supplies when the crops were hit with a disease. Laura had forgone what remained of her budget to get a convoy together with supplies only to find there weren't enough crops to send due to the last-minute party Basil threw at the time. 
When the updated census had reported that the entire village had died, she wept for days and started making plans for pack village requirements, including having food stores for the winter. She had fought with the minister of agriculture and general affairs about it and the national food stores, but the endeavor had never gone through as Laura had died before she could get them to sign it.
"What happened to you?"
His eye blinked and he looked down for a moment. The others seemed uncomfortable but he pulled out a familiar-looking talisman and handed it to her. It was a military talisman from the werewolf kingdom. The man was a soldier. She turned it over to read his name and the unit he'd been assigned to.
"Noah Jenkins," she read and looked up at him. "Of the Fifty-First."
He nodded and took the talisman back. 
"You were a part of one of Adolph's platoons over the border"
He nodded.
Her stomach turned. She felt sick. The man had been missing for years if she was right. He was old enough to be her father. 
"The vampire queen likes to torture people for sport," one of them said. "For information sometimes"
Laurel shuddered. She could only imagine. 
"Since he wouldn't speak she cut out his tongue."
Laurel shook her head, "I I don't know what to say. G-Gray Ash"
He placed a hand on her shoulder and met her gaze. There was pride and strength in his eye, though he couldn't say much. Over his shoulder, he raised his hand. An older woman came, bearing a basket and a familiar mark on her neck. 
"Honey?"
He nodded. She sighed and looked at her. She also wore the crest of the Gray Ash pack. 
"Hi Laurel, right?"
"Yes."
"You're quite young" She tilted her head, her lips twitching. "You're about as old as our niece would have been if she'd survived..."
The tears gushed down her cheeks as the woman sat and began to explain. They had taken their niece in from Noah's family closer to the border after he and his brother had joined the army and their sister died in childbirth. The only parents the girl had ever known were Noah and his wife. 
Noah and his brother were a part of the unit that had been ambushed with Adolph during the first trip over the border. Noah's brother had managed to escape thanks to Noah stepping in the way. Years later, his brother had been killed in the line of duty during a push into the vampire's lands. 
Adolph had sent a military convoy to return both of their things in a timely fashion. It was the year of the crop failure and the harsh winter when Eden had been traveling through and took the survivors of the pack to Annwn. Among them was his wife. Their niece had died of sickness and starvation despite all attempts to keep her alive. They were reunited while he was still in a coma from being recovered from the queen's castle. 
"He will never forgive Adolph's son for letting the pack die like that," she said. "I don't think he hates Adolph, but I can't be sure how he feels about his old commander."
Laurel nodded solemnly, thanking her for telling her the story. She wandered the hall, speaking to people, hoping that she might find someone who might just be here out of a need for money, yet with every story she'd heard, the least likely she felt it would be to find someone willing to leave. 
Eden had found people who needed saving, safety, and the peace that he wanted for the human race and had given them a piece of it in the castle. 
Annwn, he'd called it. The name nudged some piece of knowledge from her past life, but she didn't think much more about it.
It was nearing dinner time when she found Eden again. Eden looked up from his place by the fire, sharpening his sword. An older man sat beside him, chatting about defensive measures. There was a map between them, crisply drawn and detailing more than just the vampire nation or the werewolf kingdom. There was a five-pointed star over the land to the west of the vampire kingdom that bordered another section of unclaimed territory which was separated by a great canyon from the werewolf kingdom. 
"Eden...can I talk to you?"
He looked up at her and nodded. The man glanced between them, nodded, rolled up the map, and left. She lowered herself carefully beside him, parsing through her thoughts and her doubts before speaking.
"I can't support your attempts to assassinate Adolph."
Eden hummed. It was non-committal, almost flippant as if he didn't care about her feelings about it, but Laurel didn't think that was true. 
"Morrigan has to be stopped. You're right, there's only one way for us to have peace if she is truly as vindictive as I've heard."
"Likely more so," Eden said, checking the edge of his blade. "She's a real piece of work."
Laurel nodded and looked out across the hall, "I would have never thought vampires and werewolves could get along like this."
"Common enemies make allies," Eden said. "And a little compassion heals a lot of wounds."
Laurel nodded and looked at him, "So how can I help?"
Eden stopped, sharpening his sword before looking at her. His lips smiled. 
"Tell me how to get your husband to agree to storm the vampire queen's castle with us."

Adolph and his group reached the border nearly an hour later and stopped. He felt her getting farther and farther away. He growled in frustration. Her scent had become so faint that there was no hope to track her. They'd missed them by hours it seemed, more than he'd anticipated if the path through the caves was as complex as he thought it should have been. There was no way they could catch up to them.
"We're too far behind," Adolph cursed, staring into the distance. 
His heart urged him forward, but he held back. He couldn't endanger his men by carelessly charging over the border. It could be another trap. They needed more men. 
"We need to go to the nearest camp and get reinforcements," Adolph said. "We're making a full campaign into the vampire lands."
He turned to Chasel who nodded, "Two scouts go forward and try to find a path to follow. Be careful and keep your presence."
Adolph turned his horse as Sam and Lynn took control of two other horses. The two who were being sent as scouts, headed across the border as they rode towards the border camp. 
They rode for an hour before they reached the camp. Adolph dismounted and marched towards the head tent. The general was startled. 
"Your Majesty!" The man greeted. "We got word from the capital that there had been an attack."
"A vampire-related insurgent group took Laurel off the streets in the middle of the attack. She's alive, but we have a very small lead on where they've taken her."
The general looked ill. His gaze darted over him before he nodded. 
"The scouts have been keeping track of a large force being created nearby, just inside the border. We don't know where exactly they are or what the plan is, but their scouts don't seem to be looking at us."
Adolph narrowed his gaze, "What does that mean?"
Adolph approached the desk as the general gestured towards the map on the table.
"Here is where we've been noticing activity," he said, pointing to the figures set on a section of the map. "We estimate several thousand, but we have no idea about their strengths, weakness, or equipment."
There were several lines drawn on the map leading away from the area and a few other clusters of figures. 
"These are the most prominent paths. We think their ultimate goal is somewhere north."
Adolph frowned at the map, skimming over the paths. They had several locations marked with clusters of figures denoting large groups of people. From the placement, they could be cities, villages, or anything else. He eyed the paths between them and those that led beyond the mapped boundary. 
"What do we know about these regions?"
The general shook his head, "Rivers, rocks, and more dead trees so far. We haven't found much more than a few human villages. Those are marked."
Adolph nodded and pointed. "I've sent scouts ahead on the trail we were following. Get me a hundred good men to come with me to follow the trail over the border. Prepare the camp to be back up when we call."
"Just a hundred?" He asked. "Shouldn't there be more?"
"I need a small force to maneuver well in those canyons. We can't risk bottlenecking in a tight passage."
The general nodded, "I understand. I'll get them ready within the hour."
###chapter 114: Two-Pronged
As promised, he had a force of one hundred extra men ready to follow him into the vampire lands within half an hour. As he led them away from the camp, he heard captains yelling and getting their subordinates into formation for a full march. 
He did not doubt that the thousands of werewolves near the border would be mobilized for an attack long before they needed the backup.
They rode back to the path they had been following and found the two wolves they'd sent ahead waiting for them where they had parted. 
"What did you find?"
They shook their heads, "It's weird. The path leads into the canyon area, twists and turns then vanishes. We've scoped out a few potential paths."
Adolph nodded, "We'll follow your lead."
They nodded, climbing onto their horses and riding forward. He could feel Laurel growing closer the longer they rode, but he couldn't speak to her through their bond or get a sense of how close she was. 
The air grew colder as they rode forward. The sounds of wild animals died out, replaced with an unnerving silence. His father had spoken about the inner depths of the vampire lands, He'd said it was a place where even the babbling of a river seemed heavy with death and despair. 
Adolph had never been so far into the vampire lands, but he smelled the stench of a vampire nearby and glanced around as no one else seemed to notice it. Sitting in the trees were three vampires, eerily still and watching them. They were far enough away to seem non-threatening, but there was no way he would believe they weren't a part of either Eden's forces or the vampire queen's forces. 
Adolph shifted into his wolf form, leaping towards them. His men drew their weapons as he flew through the air. He landed on the branch as they scattered and climbed up the craggy rock face. Adolph shifted to his human form and clamored after them. He caught one of them off guard, but barely missed cutting him with his sword. 
The metal of the blade clanged and echoed through the canyon as the vampire pushed off the canyon's wall and caught himself on the other side. They scrambled up and Adolph leaped after them, using his sword to help him climb in his human form and following them as fast as he could manage. 
"Follow them! Archers ready!" Chasel called from below. They climbed easily across the face of the canyon, darting back and forth between the two sides of the canyon until they reached a dead end and climbed harder, hanging easily from the ledge as Adolph hung below them. 
They had the advantage of speed and agility, but they were outnumbered. There were no other vampires in the area. 
Why would they lead them to this strange corner?
Adolph readied himself to leap again but halted at the sound of one of their voices.
"You're pretty good,"  one of them said. "An honor to meet King Adolph the Invincible in person."
Adolph glared up at them. The leader held the golden charm bracelet that Adolph had given Laurel about his head. 
Chasel gasped and he heard the archers getting ready to fire. 
"You're here for Laurel, aren't you?"
Adolph growled, "Where is she? What have you done with her?"
"She's fine," he said and waved the bracelet. "Feisty too. She made me swear to bring it back to her after it got your attention and bet me ten silvers that you would come with a small force."
He wanted to call the man a liar, but the man put it back into a velvet pouch and tucked it into his armor. 
"She said promising she planned on having a lot of midnight picnics in the future and a lot of days off for your honeymoon in the future as an apology for this mess would make you agreeable to listening."
Adolph narrowed his eyes and sheathed his sword, keeping his eyes on them. 
"She says next time she'll let someone else sign the paperwork a bird? Raven or something?"
Another vampire scoffed, "You're the worst message carrier, and a hundred men plus three. You owe her ten silvers."
"I've owed bigger debts to less beautiful people," The man shrugged, rocking back on his heels, balanced unnaturally on the thin ledge as if he weighed nothing. "Fair enough, Goddess-Blessed King?"
Adolph swallowed, "What do you want in exchange for Laurel?"
He shook his head, "We're here to trade information and services. Laurel, will be returned to you if that is what she wants. We're under orders not to harm her or detain her. You might find she'll wander her way back to you with enough time. She seems like the crafty type."
That had to mean she was with Eden. The vampire queen wouldn't have kidnapped her just to seemingly not care about her detainment. There was a chance that they were lying, but his instincts were telling him that wasn't true.
"She says that Morrigan, the vampire queen, needs to be stopped. She agrees, at least with that part of the plan, but the vampire queen's castle isn't a stronghold you can break into without help and we need your numbers."
This was the most information they had about the vampire queen's stronghold. It could be a trick or a trap, but he had to remain calm and use this conversation to get the information he needed to find Laurel. 
"You work for the vampire queen. Why should we trust you?"
The man sneered, "I wouldn't work for that vicious wench if my life depended on it. And it doesn't. Are you agreeing to listen or not?"
The man's words rang true, but there was something at the back of his mind that bothered him. 
"What do you want?"
"This evening, we're storming the castle. We need you as the second prong of the attack."
Adolph let himself slip down to the ground as Chasel drew closer. He felt Chasel get closer, "Your Majesty--"
"Let's pretend I believe you," Adolph said. "When do I get my wife back?"
The man smirked, "Let's pretend we care. We don't need you to trust us. Just listen. Your father got fairly deep into vampire territory, as have your scouts, but you have never even seen the vampire queen, Morrigan, have you, King Adolph?"
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "What of it?"
"The castle of the Ash monarchy is cloaked in magic, laid when Wiccans and vampires still got along. It keeps people from accidentally discovering it. We plan to storm the castle on two fronts: the main path through the castle's gates, and the fortress' only weak point accessible to werewolves."
"We need your numbers and unique talents. You need our information. We'll need to work together if we want to get rid of that wench sooner rather than later" He nodded to one side, "These two and our compatriot on the road will show you the path to the queen's castle that will take you through the defensive barrier."
"How are we meant to get through it?"
"The barrier doesn't distinguish between animals and your wolf forms."
"This compatriot is a werewolf?"
"He is," he gave him a vicious smile. "He hates Morrigan only slightly more than he hates your son."
Adolph frowned, "...My son?"
Basil had never stepped foot outside of the territory. Why would any werewolf in Eden's back pocket care about him?
"He's a survivor of the Gray Ash pack."
Adolph flinched and his heart clenched with grief. He felt his shoulders slump in shame as he nodded. Of course, he had been getting up to speed about everything that had happened while he was away at war since returning. The fate of the Gray Ash pack and several others had felt like knife wounds in his chest of betrayal and guilt. 
Several of the men of his first platoon had been members of the Gray Ash pack. 
"You shouldn't worry about how he feels about you" He smirked. "He's quite happy that the great King Adolph would come all the way here for this. Do we have a deal?"
"And where is Eden?" Adolph said. 
"He'll be at the castle leading the second prong of the attack," he said. "You can probably take your grievances up with him then."
 Adolph's instincts screamed that the vampire was lying about something, but he couldn't pinpoint what it was. It was a distant danger, something to be aware of but not guard against just yet, like a warning from the goddess, so he nodded. 
"We have a deal."
"Your Majesty," Chasel said coming closer. "I don't know about this."
"At first chance, Chasel, you will grab Laurel and get her out of here." Adolph glanced at him. "We should all be prepared to cut through droves of vampires to get out of here"
Chasel swallowed, "And the queen?"
"I'm more concerned about Eden," he clenched his fist. "I'll kill him myself."
###chapter 115: Escape and Rescue
Adolph looked up at the three vampires, "We have a deal."
"Good," the man said. 
The two vampires rounded the canyon toward another path, but the man who spoke didn't move for a moment before turning away. When they were out of hearing range, Adolph turned to Sam, Lynn, and two others. 
"You four, will follow that one back to their camp and get as much information as you can about what's actually happening. You are not to engage if you can help it."
Sam nodded, "And if we find Luna Laurel?"
"Bring her back to our camp." Adolph turned, "The rest of you will follow me to storm the castle. If there's any chance we might finally be free of the vampire queen, we'll take it."
They agreed. Sam, Lynn, and the two others handed off their cloaks and began tracking the vampire away from their meeting place. Adolph sent up a prayer to the moon goddess for Laurel's safety and followed the pair of vampires down another long road. Chasel drew close. 
"Sire," Chasel began. "What's the plan?"
"Retrieve my wife and kill the vampire queen if we can manage it in that order."
Chasel nodded, "As you wish."

Laurel looked out the window to the canyons below and shuddered, drawing back as her stomach roiled. The sight made her dizzy and she stumbled back to bed. The tower room was opulent and nothing like a prison. If it weren't for the chains on her wrists, she couldn't have faked herself into believing that she was just on vacation somewhere.
A knock sounded on the door as she tried to breathe through nausea and panic. 
"Come in," she called, holding her head in her hands. 
Eden entered, dressed in all black, armored, and armed for war. It was so strange to see him like this after only seeing him in well-cut suits and plain traveling clothes. He was broader than she first thought. He seemed stronger too, yet his expression was as kind as ever. Was this Eden's real face? 
She didn't know anymore. 
"Adolph has arrived in the vampire nation with full fighting force." He lifted the gold charm bracelet. "He owes you ten silvers."
She stood, wide-eyed to stare at him. 
"He's agreed to help storm the castle with my forces I'm leaving you here for your safety."
"Why won't you let me leave?"
He sighed, "I've told you already, Laurel. You're essential."
Laurel narrowed her eyes at him as Eden smiled, "Once you considered it, didn't you? Leaving the werewolf nation and never looking back. Escaping the darkness that you are trying so hard to forget?"
Laurel's heart lurched. How had he known? What had he seen in her to make him say that?
"It will all be fine in the end," Eden said. "Though, if you were with me, you would be better off. What is it that Adolph Raymond can give you that I can't?"
Laurel crossed her arms. 
"Are you really satisfied with pursuing him because you were *destined* to?" Eden shook his head.
"We are fated mates, Eden. I know you don't-"
"Fate?" Eden asked, "It was chance that you met him at all, Laurel."
She flinched. 
"It was chance that we met as well. Why should one path be considered more than the other? Because he is a king? I never thought you were the kind of woman to care about that."
"I'm not," Laurel said, narrowing her eyes. "I love Adolph."
"Because you do or because your instincts say you're supposed to?" Eden smirked, "Werewolves have such an interesting belief system about the lunar goddess and the pantheon of gods who watch over the realm."
"You're saying that vampires don't?"
Eden's lips twitched, "I wasn't raised as a vampire, Laurel. I was raised, mostly, human. Wiccan to be specific."
He crossed the room and sat on the couch in the small parlor area. He gestured to the seat across from him. Laurel hesitated, but she crossed the room. Anything he might say was something she could use for the future and her escape. 
"You're planning to escape," Eden said. Laurel's eyes lurched. "Your eyes don't lie, Laurel. And you may even succeed Everyone on guard has been ordered not to harm you in any way. How about something to consider before I leave?"
Laurel eyed him. 
"What is the difference between fate and destiny?" Eden asked. "Is one more powerful than the other?"
"Fate is an event that will happen no matter what choices you make Destiny is the result of the choices you make."
Eden smiled, "One of my elders said something like that to me once So I'll say the same thing I said to him to you."
Laurel frowned. 
"Fate is a beggar on the street," Eden said. "Destiny tosses coins occasionally. Sometimes to its benefit and sometimes not."
Laurel frowned, "I don't I don't agree with you."
Eden shrugged, "If you had never left your village, would you have ever met Adolph?"
Her eyes widened. 
"Had you decided to leave, would you have ever been poisoned?"
"I"
"Had you chosen another path, another destiny, would you have become luna?" Eden smirked. "I find more often than not that the word fate is used to excuse and explain results of choices we don't want to examine."
Eden stood and crossed the room, "Call down the hall for anything you might need. Though I believe they stocked the room. I will return when this is done."
Eden left the room, closing the door behind her and Laurel slumped in her seat. 
His words swirled through her mind. Was he wrong? Was she wrong? Was either of them wrong and this was all just a matter of perspective? 
She didn't know. How many werewolves meet their fated mate?  As Laura, she had never met Adolph. As Laurel, she wouldn't have met Adolph if she hadn't gone to the next town over. 
Had she run from her fated mate, would she have been dragged back to him by unseen forces, or would have all her choices and Adolph's choices led them back together?
She shook her head. Why was she even thinking about this? What difference did it make if they were fated or destined or just *right* together? Laurel had made her choice to be with Adolph, to stand at his side in defense of the werewolf kingdom. 
Maybe they had just been fated for each other before, but now they were destined and she had to get out of here. 
She wrinkled her nose at the thought of Eden knowing she planned to escape. It seemed like he had a much wider view of the situation than many others did like a chess master reading the board. 
*You may even succeed*
Did that mean aside from locking the door, he wasn't even trying to keep her here? Why tell her where they were going? 
She worried her lip. Was there a chance that she could make it to the castle to stop Adolph in time from losing his mind to the bloodshed or something?
If Eden was telling the truth, then it was very likely that Adolph didn't believe anything Eden told him. Still, Adolph would want to at least take the chance to get rid of Morrigan once and for all if possible.  He would go along with Eden's plan, especially if Eden intimated that she was being held in the castle. 
Morrigan hated Adolph, there was a good chance that if she had been taken to the castle she would have been tortured to death out of spite. 
She stood and went to the door. It was bolted from the outside, so she couldn't open it, but unless they were all vampires, there was no one nearby. 
Her stomach turned as she turned towards the window. There were no bars and no impediments to keep her inside aside from the dizzying canyon below the castle. She heard people hurrying around through the castle, bidding goodbye and leaving with a call to war. There were fewer guards in the castle because they were attacking Morrigan's stronghold.
The window was her best chance to get out of the room. She looked out the window and down the canyon. The dizzying feeling surfaced again. Her heart pounded with terror and she drew back sharply. 
She paced, shaking her head. She had to get out. She had to get out. There was no time for fears of death right now when Adolph could be rushing into a trap designed to rob him of his mind. 
Was Chasel with him? Were there people with him that could pull him back from the edge? Had there been anyone who could before? She looked down at the chains around her wrists and took a deep breath. 
She cast her gaze around the room and stopped at the bed as an idea began to form. She leaned out the window, eyeing the distance between the tower's window and the nearest battlement. It was a distance, but she could make it. 
She just had to try.
###chapter 116: Over The Ledge
The first thing she had to do was make a rope long enough to get down to the parapet. There was a thin ledge she could walk across to the parapet with enough concentration and calm. 
She didn't think about the fear of falling as she pulled the sheets off the bed and began to tear and tie them together. She twisted and braided the pieces to make a rope and tied it to the bedpost before pushing the bed closer to the window. She grabbed the charm bracelet and slid it onto her wrist with a little calming breath. 
She dropped the rope out of the window and eyed how far down it would take her. It was just barely long enough to get her to the ledge just below the window. She searched for something to help her hold on to the side of the castle. She still had her dagger, but she needed something else. 
She searched the room, searching for something thin enough to use in lieu of another dagger, and found a metal letter opener. She winced, thinking how flimsy it was, and kept searching. The fire poker caught her eye and she grinned, grabbing it with something like relief. 
Cutting the hem of her dress shorter and ditching the extra layers beneath the gown, she hauled the makeshift rope back up and added the extra length to the end before dropping it back out of the window. 
Laurel took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She focused on Adolph and the werewolf kingdom, of all the happiness and love she would have in her future before tucking the fire poker beside her dagger and beginning to climb down the side of the tower. She took a slow, calming breath as the wind howled around her, ruffling the short hem of her skirt and pushing her around on the makeshift rope. 
The rope jolted and she barely held back a scream of terror before it came to a stop with a loud sound. She looked up and saw the edge of the bed through the window. She let out a small sigh of relief. The rope hadn't broken or ripped, the bed had just moved closer to the window. 
As she worked her way down, she considered the next course of action. Once she got to the parapet, how long would it be before she ran into someone? Would she be able to defend herself or would they just haul her back upstairs? 
Eden said he expected her to escape. Why was he expecting it, counting on it? He didn't even seem concerned about her doing it. There had been some sort of resignation in his gaze that she couldn't place. 
Her feet scraped the ledge as she reached the end of the rope and she sighed, wrapping the end of the rope around her arm and drawing her knife and the fire poker. She drove each of them into the stone to get a solid grip in the stone using them to adhere herself to the wall as she walked. 
A piece of stone crunched and fell away beneath her foot. She slipped with a small yelp that devolved into panicked breathing as she swung around on the rope. She twirled around until she was staring down the canyon at the rushing water below, crying out through her panic as the world started to swim around her. 
The rushing water was getting farther than closer. Darkness swarmed and swirled in her vision. She retched violently as the wind pushed her around and spun her back around to face the stone. She shuddered. Her eyes burned with fearful, panicked tears as she sobbed softly. 
Her heart was racing with fear. She lifted her head slowly, shuddering. Evening was coming quickly. If she didn't hurry, it would be too dark to see and she would lose her chance to escape. The fading light glinted off the gold on her wrist and she felt herself sober up.
Adolph needed her. She shuddered, drawing a shuddering breath. She could do this. She could do this somehow. She just had to be brave. She pulled herself up a bit. Her hands trembled and felt a bit numb as she pulled herself back onto the ledge and inched along the ledge until she reached where her dagger and the fire poker remained lodged in the stone.
She took a firm grip of both of them and pressed close to the wall as the wind blew hard and violently past her. The silver chain connecting the cuffs seemed to glow with light. They were oddly warm. She didn't know what that meant, but she stepped over the break in the stone, carefully and continued around the tower, until the was above the battlement. No guards were walking the battlements. She unwound the sheets from her arm, pulled her dagger and the fire poker free from the wall, and jumped to the flat surface below with a soft thud as she rolled to soften the landing. She lay still for a moment, shuddering and murmuring a prayer of thanks to the moon goddess. 
When her heart had calmed a bit, she got to her feet and hurried down the battlements until she reached a ladder that led to the lower floors. She landed on the ground quietly and snuck through the courtyard until she reached an open window and climbed in. She heard no guards, but there were people in the main hall, gathered for a meal. 
Slowly, she slipped down the hall towards the side of the castle facing a thick forest of barren trees. Mists swirled in them in the distance beyond the lush green of the grass. Glancing around to make sure the coast was clear, she ran forward towards the forest. As she broke the treeline, she turned back to see a set of glowing eyes watching her from one of the towers. Her heart lurched in fear of the alarm being sounded, but the woman just watched her, almost indifferent and curious. 
Laurel swallowed and turned, following the treeline towards the path that seemed the most familiar. The barren trees gave way to a stone and dust pathway that cut through two high walls of craggy rock. She needs to get far enough away to try and find a lookout point. 
"Stop!"
She pulled her dagger and took a stance in the direction of the voice, but the scuffle of battle filled the canyon as she approached the sound. Sam, Lynn, and two other knights she didn't readily recognize were fighting with a small group of Eden's forces. Sam growled, shoving one of them back as Laurel ran forward. 
"Stop!"
The group stopped. The group of vampires' eyes widened.
"How did you-"
"Luna!" Sam greeted and Laurel rushed at him, hugging him tightly. 
"Sam! Lynn!" She hugged Lynn tightly, "You have no idea how happy I am to see you both! I-I knew-"
"Luna, are you alright? Are you hurt?"
Laurel shook his head, "I'm fine, but we have to hurry."
"We have orders to take you back to the border camp."
"The hell you will!" One of the vampires hissed. Laurel dove between the two groups glaring at them both. 
"Stop! We don't have time for this! We have to go to the vampire queen's castle!"
Sam shook his head, "Luna, the king said-"
"With these vampires?" Lynn growled. 
"Why would we-"
"Quiet!" Laurel yelled, silencing the group as she glared at both sets of warriors. She looked at Sam, Lynn, and the other two knights. "I am the luna and you will listen to me! He's walking into a trap." She glared at him and lifted her hands, "You need to help me break these chains then we are going to go save our king."
She looked at the other group, "If we do not go, my husband will kill Eden without mercy, and maybe everyone else you care about who went to the castle. You don't want that to happen, do you?"
The vampires looked uncomfortable, glancing at Lynn and Sam. Lynn looked uncomfortable but Sam's gaze dropped to the cuffs. He drew his sword and nodded. 
"As you wish, luna."
One of the vampires scoffed, "You can't break those chains like that."
He stepped forward. Sam growled with a warning. 
"Sam," she said sternly and offered her hands to the vampire. 
He eyed the chains and pulled out a pair of blades. He slipped the blades into the holes of the chains and pulled them away from each other. The blades snapped with a sharp metallic sound. 
Sam frowned as the vampire stored his blades. 
"I can't get the cuffs off. Only Eden can do that, but moonlight steel can only be broken with magically forged weapons." The vampire looked at Sam, "I'm pretty sure the werewolf kingdom doesn't have a good relationship with Wiccans."
Sam shook his head and the vampires turned down the path, "You'd be better off in your wolf forms. The barrier won't let you through in your human forms."
She shifted, "Lead the way!"

###chapter 117: Reinforcements
It had been nearly two days since the attack on the city and Adolph had gone to recover Laurel. Raven had been pacing the office she'd been given with nervous and fretful strides. Her brother was strong, valiant, and brave, but everyone had their limits. She knew that Laurel's near-death had nearly sent him over the edge. She couldn't imagine what their abrupt separation was doing to him. 
She clasped her hands and sent up another prayer for Laurel's safety and their timely reunion and return. She was certain that the entire temple was sending up the same prayer. 
The door opened and Henry entered with a grave expression. 
"What is it?"
"Come with me and I'll explain," Henry sighed. "This is a *fucking mess*."
Raven didn't know what was worse, the fact that he described it as a mess or that he cursed while doing it. Henry never cursed. 
They arrived in the meeting hall and her gaze lingered on the throne for a moment. She sat quietly beside Henry, trying to calm her racing fear that something had happened to Adolph. 
"I've returned to report," the knight said, still looking wind-swept and breathless. "His Majesty is headed into the vampire's territory after the caravan to retrieve our luna. On the road, we apprehended a suspicious caravan of werewolves transporting a large amount of the kingdom's gold, food stores, and clothing."
They were going to be detained and questioned in time, but Raven had heard all she'd needed to hear. It sounded like a conspiracy to commit treason. Even if the caravan wasn't heading to the vampire nations, heading into the neutral zone with that sort of caravan wasn't the sign of a merchant, but a recruiter of rogues in the area. 
They were having the money counted and looking into trying to trace where the caravan came from, but she had a feeling that they wouldn't have to look far with their speculations even if they had to look far for evidence.
She glanced at her nephew and found him slouched in his chair. He looked a mess. His eyes were dark and the scent of alcohol wafted from him across the hall. A glance at Henry told him that he had meant that Basil was a fucking mess. She had to agree. 
"More than likely his majesty will organize a smaller force to serve as the vanguard and have the border camp's troop follow soon after," one of the generals said. "What do you think?"
Raven nodded, "That does sound reasonable."
"What should we do?" Henry asked, turning to look around the room. "The border camp has all of a thousand troops, right?"
"Maybe a couple hundred more," a general said. "I'm not overly concerned about sending the troops, but this caravan is concerning."
"Well, your speculation and concern are fine," Gavin spoke up. "But none of you have the power to move. The prince is in charge, in his father's stead."
Basil turned his head and looked at Gavin through bleary eyes, "Am I?"
Raven winced as he slurred his words. Basil leaned back. 
"The most prudent course of action would be to send troops as backup in case it becomes a major battle," the general said. "His Majesty won't allow our luna to be behind the vampire's border for long without a fight."
Raven nodded. 
"Followed directly after should be the start of the interrogation of this caravan," Dorian said. "They weren't merchants for sure. It's the eastern border, isn't it? We all know there is a large amount of rogue activity there, vagabonds and thieves"
Gavin twitched and shifted in his seat and Raven swallowed the need to call him out as she looked at Basil who shifted to lean on his other side. He was inebriated and inundated with guilt and complacency, but she had seen hope in her nephew for reformation. His wish to earn his father's approval and follow in his father's footsteps had not been destroyed by Gavin's games. 
She just had to pull it to the surface. She wished she knew more about Basil.
"... I guess," he said morosely. 
"I'm sure it'll be fine," Gavin said, evenly. "It's best to just wait until His Majesty returns as we always have."
"Yeah," Basil said, with a sigh. "Grandfather's probably right."
It had been just fine during the war. There was no one stronger than his father. He was King Adolph the Invincible, the Goddess-Blessed King. How could he ever have expected Laura to want to return to him when she had the chance to stand at the side of such a man as his goddess-ordained mate?
He had been lucky to have had her at his side for any amount of time. 
Raven clenched her fists, "You meant to wait until your father returns, Prince Basil?"
"Yeah," Basil sighed. He'd rescue Laura and return even more of a hero than he was now. 
"If I may, what is the purpose of being the prince if you will not make decisions of merit?"
Basil's eyes grew hard at Raven's words. They struck a chord in him and he glared at her. 
"What did you just say?"
Gavin growled, leaping to his defense, "You have no right-"
"As a citizen of the kingdom, my entire family, my pack, depend on His Majesty to protect us. In his stead, we depend on you. *How long do you plan to allow your grandfather to play the part you were born to?*"
Basil froze. The world shimmered and Laura's vibrant green eyes glared at him from within his aunt's face. 
What had he told her then? 
"What do you know of His Highness' ability to lead this nation?" Gavin sputtered. "He is the prince and makes decisions far beyond your understanding."
Basil shuddered at his grandfather's words, echoing and melting through his memories. Yes, he'd said something like that, and hearing it from his grandfather's mouth just made it sound more ridiculous than it had then. 
Raven was hopeful. Basil looked as though he'd been slapped and his eyes were wide as he stared at her. Raven didn't know what it was she said that had gotten his attention, but she knew she'd had it. Some desperate part of him had woken up at her words and it would be best to act on it before he slipped back into the haze of his intoxication. 
"You are the only son of King Adolph Raymond," Raven said. "There is no one who should make decisions for you about how you should support your father nor govern your future subjects. Are you going to sit there and overlook the needs of the kingdom and the suspicious actions of a caravan who might be organizing a force to move against you and your father?"
Basil blinked, he sat up a bit as Gavin looked panicked. 
"You are being dramatic! A caravan carrying gold and food could just be escaping!"
"Escaping from what?" Raven pressed, turning her glaring eyes on Gavin. "We aren't on the edge of a war that we know of. It's suspicious and needs to be investigated!"
Henry winced as a flash of moonlight went through her eyes. Gavin and the remaining ministers flinched. Basil's eyes widened as he stared at her. 
Many didn't know much about werewolf twins, especially not the Raymond twins. They were both black wolves. Where Adolph's eyes glowed red like blood, Raven's eyes glowed silver-blue like moonlight. He thought once that it meant she was a candidate for priestesshood, but she had assured him that wasn't the case. It was just another gift she had from the moon goddess, marking her as connected to her. 
"I think Aunt Raven is right."
Raven gasped, flinching at the mention of their familial relationship. Gavin's eyes bulged and the ministers stared at Basil. 
"My father if he were here, would want them interrogated. He would want to know what they thought was so important to flee over the border with gold," Basil swallowed and nodded. "And as his son as his heir, it's my duty to make sure the forces support him in protecting the kingdom and retrieving the luna."
Basil looked at the general, "Get as many soldiers you can spare from the security of the city and the borders up to  the border's camp within the day."
The general seemed stunned and he nodded with a proud and smug little smile, "As you wish, Your Highness."
"Uncle Henry and Uncle Dorian, would you take the lead on the investigation of this caravan."
Henry and Dorian nodded, "Of course, Prince Basil."
"Aunt Raven, Irene, please take over the luna's duties until our luna is brought home."
Raven smiled and nodded, "As you wish."
"B-But, your-"
Basil looked at the ministers and frowned at them, "You all do something useful, please?"
Gavin sputtered in shock and tried to come up with words as Basil stood from the table. He was oddly steady for a drunk man. 
"I'm beginning to realize why my father wants to get rid of you all," Basil hummed, nodding to himself. "Yes I think Guards!"
The two knights at the door straightened, "Yes, Your Highness?"
"Could you escort them back to their offices Make sure they aren't meeting with one another? They seem strangely against making sure our king and luna return to us from behind enemy lines."
###chapter 118: Reborn
As they walked down the path, the scent of a werewolf grew stronger. Sitting on an outcropping of rock was a werewolf, seemingly biding his time. His hood was drawn over his head, obscuring his face in shadows, but he held himself like a warrior. Adolph glanced over him, finding him strangely uncanny in the way he carried his weapons. 
He was armed as if he had stepped out of his first trip over the vampire border. Adolph knew, somehow, that the man was aware of them before they'd come into sight. He turned just enough to reveal his uncovered eye and the eyepatch over his other eye before he dropped to the ground. 
The patch on his shoulder bearing the symbol of a gray ash tree made him tense.
"I'm told you have a grudge against my son."
The man looked at him briefly before turning and leading him further down the path. Adolph darted ahead, cutting him off to look down at him. 
"You have nothing to say?"
His eyes were dark as he opened his mouth and Adolph's stomach plummeted with horror at the man's lack of tongue. He closed his mouth without a sound and looked up at Adolph. The man's face, though aged and scarred, was familiar to him.
"You" Adolph frowned. "I should remember you, shouldn't I?"
The man's eye widened, seemingly struck. 
"You were" Adolph frowned, pushing through his memories and trying to pinpoint where he knew the man from. He scanned the man's form looking for another clue before seeing a small talisman hanging from his holster. 
"You're a member of the Fifty-First" Adolph gasped, his fingers twitching to run his hand over the edges of his talisman. He'd kept it since that ambush as a reminder of the men he'd lost. He expected to find them all among the half-crazed werewolves that the vampire queen let free on the battlefield. 
He'd found most of the ten.
"...Noah?"
The man's eye glossed over and he turned sharply to walk around Adolph. Adolph cut him off again. 
"You've been alive Your mate?" Noah glanced at him and nodded. Relief filled him, "... Your brother?"
Noah nodded. Adolph felt a part of him relax. At least, they were together again. At least, the man knew about his brother.
"Your niece?"
A soft, paternal smile graced his face as he nodded. Adolph nodded again. 
"That's that's good. There isn't I don't"
Noah held up his hand and gestured behind him.  Noah made a series of motions that made Adolph's heart burn with nostalgia. They were on a timetable. The attack was meant to commence as the sun was setting just before the cast became active. 
The path ahead would take them as close to the castle as possible. He warned him that once beyond the barrier all bets were off as to what would happen, but he would lead them through the passage that would lead them into the heart of the castle.
"How did such a path get discovered?" Adolph asked, skeptical. 
His lips twitched and he gestured again. His new captain had found it. He could only imagine that it was Eden. Adolph nodded. 
"Then, we'll take your lead, Noah."
Noah nodded and walked ahead. The path turned through barren trees and growing mists. Perhaps one day he would find out what caused that mist to rise between the trees like that. Noah held up a hand and Adolph held up his to single the group to stop. Adolph peered ahead, straining his hearing to hear what Noah could be hearing. Silence passed for several heartbeats before a soft song drifted on the wind like a bird's song. 
Noah shifted into his wolf form. Adolph followed suit and he felt the rest of the group follow suit as Noah led them forward. He took a few steps before he heard the babbling of a river, heavy and dark nearby. It rushed through a gate a few feet away from them and dropped into a moat. They walked through the water. It grew deeper the closer they drew to the gate until they had to swim in slow, smooth strokes around the gushing fall to another bank. Noah shifted into his human form as he pulled himself out of the water and led them around the corner. He drew his daggers and darted forward. Adolph drew his sword and followed in a flash of movement, incapacitating the two vampires who were there before they could make a sound. He caught the vampire in his arms as Noah grabbed the one he'd killed and he lowered him to the ground without a sound. 
Noah looked back at him with a little nostalgic grin before leading him forward towards a cellar door. Noah lifted it and nodded them in. Adolph glanced up at the edifice of the castle, finding it taller than he imagined, but no less ominous. The stone seemed darker than was natural with veins of silver running through it.  The coming night twinkled above it making it look almost abandoned with how quiet the castle was.

Morrigan chuckled as she shifted as the body stopped moving. The werewolf's breath rattled to an end as he slumped in his chains. His blood pooled beneath him in a shallow basin that flowed into a large river of blood that ran through the castle and fed the magic of the castle. 
How painful it would be for Adolph the Invincible to know that the blood of his kind fueled the very barriers that kept her hidden. She smirked. It was a delicious thought. A knock sounded on the door and she glared at the door, hearing the beating heart outside. 
"You had better brought me a better plaything," she hissed. 
The door opened and she froze, seeing the man walk in. It was a horrible thing to see. She had not thought of the man in years. Dressed like any other Wiccan warrior in solid black armor. A sword on his belt and his aura teeming with magic. 
"Talal?" She asked, glaring at the specter as he closed the door behind him.
He stepped closer into the pool of firelight that lit the center of her throne room. Fire jumped around the room, lighting every torch and she froze meeting gray eyes she only ever saw in the mirror or the eyes of her young daughter, useless as she was. 
Eden had wondered how she would react to seeing him after all these years. To her, he had been drained of blood and dead for centuries, just as his father had been. To hear her call him by his father's name infuriated him. 
"Try again, Morrigan," Eden said softly, narrowing his eyes at her. 
She blinked at him and tilted her head at an unnatural and unnerving angle. It was less a trick to scare and a natural tick of vampire kind to use the full range of motion that would have been uncomfortable for a human. She took a step to the left, eyeing him carefully. 
"I was under the impression that *mistake* had been taken care of," she glared at him. "I suppose you've inherited some tenacity of the Ash line, Eden."
"How touching you know my name."
"I named you," she said with a delicate shrug. "Though I had intended for you to be a daughter."
Eden scoffed, "You intended to be able to control me, you wretched bitch."
Morrigan smiled, cold and flattered, "What a sweet compliment after all these years."
"I bet," Eden said, lifting his blade. "Well, don't keep me waiting, Morrigan."
She hissed. Her eyes flashed bright amber, "Lower your blade, half-breed!"
He let his eyes turn gold, "Make me."
She lunged forward with a shriek, aiming for his throat. He blocked her with a swing of his sword as her talons clanged against the metal and broke. She shrieked. 
"What-"
"Moonlight steel," he said, charging her and shoving her back. She stumbled back before lunging at him. She struck his shoulder and turned swiftly, divesting him of his blade and knocking him back. He stumbled and she darted forward, driving him back to the far wall. He shifted, barely missing one of the spikes on the wall. 
She cackled, "All these years and this is the best you-"
He drove his head forward into her face and spun them around, slamming her against the wall and pinning her there with a thread of magic.  She struggled before her eyes widened in shock. 
He grinned at her, cold and vicious, "Not happy?"
"You- Release me!"
He chuckled, "Come now, oh Great Queen of Darkness, try a bit harder."
Her eyes flashed, "Release me!"
He felt the compulsion wash over him like absolution as he reached into himself, undoing the restraints he kept on his vampiric nature as he heard her screaming in fury. He glared at her as he felt his fangs lengthening. 
The horror in her eyes was delicious. He grabbed a fist hull of her hair and yanked her neck aside. 
"You can't," Morrigan hissed. "Filthy half-breed. You'll never be strong enough to handle my blood."
His stomach turned with trepidation as she cackled, "Scared? All these years of planning and you aren't man enough to do the deed?"
Eden clenched his jaw and sunk his teeth into her neck. 

###chapter 119:  Sword And Shield
Adolph forced and fought his way through the seemingly never-ending waves of hostile vampires and was pleased to find that Eden's forces were nearby, handling the burning of corpses with sharp sparks of flame in conjunction with the large basins dotted throughout the castle. 
It felt as though he'd waded through several thousand vampires before he felt a pulse of something shudder through the stone. The walls shook again like a heartbeat as he approached a pair of tall carved doors. He pushed it open and gasped seeing a man's form gripping a woman by her hair. His face was buried in her neck as she gasped. Her eyes were dazed. Her gray eyes trembled as she dug her sharp talons into the man's back. 
"Your father" she gasped as her skin turned dark and she began to disappear in a whirl of light and ash. The man drew back with a deep, heaving gasp. The walls pulsed around them. The flaming torches flickered and the flame turned a brilliant blue. The wind rushed through the halls as the man rose to his feet. The man turned around to reveal Eden's face, though, in place of gray eyes, his eyes glowed gold. 
Adolph lifted his sword as Eden tilted her head just slightly, staring at him.
"Where is Laurel?"
Eden darted forward, shoving Adolph back as he wrapped his hand around Adolph's sword and snapped it. 
Adolph's eyes widened as he looked into Eden's emotionless expression. His eyes were dazed and the scent of blood drifted from his mouth. While he had no scent still, there was a sense of power whirling around him. Adolph shoved him back and backpedaled out of the room, searching for something to arm himself with. 
"Your Majesty!" Chasel cried over the sound of conflict. 
Adolph eyed the oncoming group as Eden's voice drifted through the air, soft and beguiling. 
"Morrigan is dead," Eden said, his voice reverberating down and through the hallways. 
"Retreat!" Adolph called as a band of formally hostile vampires turned sharply towards them. "Now!"
"After them!" Eden commanded. The air shook with the command. Adolph transformed into his wolf form, and followed his men down the stairs, trying to return to the fastest way out of the castle.
Eden heard them running as the power swelled and gushed through him, heady and nearly maddening. He felt the castle coming alive around him and watched the clouds begin to pull back and evaporate over the city. The stars twinkled and he smiled as if he were in the midst of a dream from his childhood. 
The clear night's sky was a good sign. It had worked. 
Now, all he had to do was get rid of Adolph. 
"Fate bedamned," he said through his clenched jaw. He turned to one of the vampires, "We attack the werewolf kingdom."
The man shuddered and nodded. 
"Kill those who resist, but Laurel is not to be harmed."
"As you wish, Your Majesty."

Adolph cursed as they rushed out of the front gates down the path of destruction, littered with bodies who had not yet begun to revive. The general had been right, there were far more vampires behind their barrier than they had ever dreamed. Even if they were just newly turned, the numbers were dizzying. 
"Back to camp!" Adolph ordered as he skidded to a stop to watch the stampede of vampires following them to the edge of the city. From a window of the castle, he saw Eden watching him. 
He glared at the man as the last of his forces ran past him and he followed behind them. He'd kill Eden with time, but right now, they had to get back. Chasel led the group to shift into their wolf forms to travel faster after Eden had sent out the whistle to recall the horses to the camp. 
They rushed through the barren trees. The air was growing warmer around them. The mists retreated. They broke through a circle of trees and found themselves surrounded by outcroppings of rock. He turned back and found a twisted path through the rock rather than the forest they had passed through. 
He cursed. The barrier hadn't fallen when Morrigan died.
"Your Majesty!"
He turned his head hearing a smaller group of paws nearby. Vampires rushed up the sides of the canyon and past them, back the way they came as Laurel's familiar white coat came into view. He transformed into his human form and practically tackled her as she transformed. They rolled to a stop as he pressed her to his chest, trembling with gratitude. 
"Laurel," he breathed. "Laurel, I-"
"I'm so sorry," Laurel said. "I promise. I promise I won't-"
He cut her off, sealing their lips together for a quick kiss before squeezing her close. 
The scent of blood was heavier in his scent than usual as she stroked his hair. 
"I'm here now."
He nodded and shuddered, "We have to get back to camp, quickly."
"What happened?"
"Eden's killed the vampire queen and drank her blood," Adolph shook his head, "He's gotten more powerful. We have to go. They're coming."
Laurel looked back and worried her lip but shifted back into her wolf form to follow Adolph back to camp with Sam, Lynn, and the other two knights. 

They made it back to camp and everyone who saw them enter seemed shocked to see her. She felt a bit strange as she hadn't shown many people her wolf form, but followed Adolph through the camp until they reached the head tent. 
"Get the troops ready, archers in back, swords and shields in front. The vampire queen is dead but her successor means to kill us all. They weren't far behind." Adolph ordered before turning to Sam and Lynn, "You two will escort my wife back to the imperial city."
Laurel darted in front of him, "I'm not going anywhere!"
Adolph huffed before nuzzling her, "I love you, Laurel. I cannot have you in danger-"
"I'm staying," Laurel said fiercely. "You can't force me to go back and leave you."
"Laurel-"
"You promised!"
Adolph grunted and huffed when a warning horn went off across the camp. 
"Vampires incoming!"
He huffed, "Stay behind the defensive line, Laurel. I mean it."
She turned and darted through the camp, giving orders about preparing medical supplies and taking a place behind the archers. The men seemed in more awe than usual at her presence and he sighed. 
The legend of the white wolf was well-known to most of the kingdom. Most of his soldiers had gone to the lunar temple at least once in their lives and seen the murals about the white and black wolf. 
At the very least, their morale was up. 
"The white wolf, huh?" Chasel asked with a chuckle coming up to him. "Somehow I'm not surprised."
"At first chance, Chasel, take her back to the city."
Chasel swallowed, remembering his oath, "I remember my oath, Your Majesty."
"Good." Adolph transformed to his human form and grabbed another sword heading to the front lines as the ground began to shake with the oncoming wave. 
His heart raced with anticipation. 
"Archers, fire at will!" A general called. "Strike them down!"
Adolph watched the arrows strike several of them. Stopping some in their tracks and sending others stumbling over them, but it wasn't enough. Another volley of arrows flew before they were too close to ignore. 
"Charge!"
Adolph swung his new sword, severing a vampire's head in a spray of blood. The warriors followed him into battle as always, but the darkness didn't come. The scent of blood didn't pull on him the way it had before. 
There were so many of them, more than they'd anticipated for the camp and more coming from the barren trees and clearing mists through the night. Adolph grit his teeth. He hated fighting vampires during the night. They had a severe advantage. 
"Reinforcements from the south!" Someone cried over the sound of battle. The roar of the force came from behind him and urged him to fight harder. 
"Drive them back!" Adolph commanded. 
Laurel watched the groups of warriors arriving on foot and horseback, leaping into battle. Her stomach turned a bit as she helped restock the archers with arrows. The battle went on with the clang of swords and shields. It seemed as though they were pushing the vampires back until a bright light filled the night. 
Laurel's heart lurched as the battlefield seemed to slow to a stop, drawn to the glowing burst of light. 
"Take cover!" She yelled. She heard it echoed and watched people dive out of the way as the light shot forward from behind the vampire forces rushing towards them. 
Eden sat astride a dark horse. His eyes glowing in the night as the light shot forward, scorching paths through the werewolf ranks. Allowing vampires to surge and break through the shield lines. 
"What is that?" One of them asked. 
"A Wiccan," Laurel said and felt the shudder of horror and fear go through the troops. 
Her heart lurched as Eden seemed to focus on where Adolph was pushing through the vampires with a shield and sword. Light gathered in his hand and Laurel's heart lurched as it shot towards him. 
"Adolph
###chapter 120: Visions of Death
Adolph turned into the blast of light with his shield and dug in his heels, trying to resist the pressure behind the blast. When it let up, he darted forward toward Eden, slamming the shield into his chest and knocking him from his horse. He hissed and turned, slamming his fist into Adolph's shield before darting around to try and punch him in the gut. 
Adolph dodged with a quick twist of his body before slamming his shield into Eden's shoulder. Eden tumbled back with a hiss and cast a bolt of light that disintegrated his shield. Eden charged forward too fast for his sword to be of use, so Adolph dropped the blade and caught his arm, flipping him over his shoulder. 
Eden was fast and stronger than any vampire Adolph had ever faced. His use of magic was troublesome, but Adolph had years of practical combat experience. Eden had some training, but it had not been honed on a battlefield. It was an advantage Adolph would use to the fullest.
Eden lunged forward, his eyes glowing golden and wild as he attacked. Adolph tried to read his movements, but there was something off about them as if Eden wasn't moving his body on his own. He fought like a possessed man full of power and drive but no will behind it.  He knocked Eden back with a hard shove into a tree. 
Eden slammed into it with a sharp crack and rolled to one side. He stood again before stumbling and reaching for his head. He shook his head as if trying to free himself from something, before darting forward again. His movements grew stilted and shaky as he swiped at Adolph and stumbled. 
"Eden!" Someone called. "Focus! We should retreat! We're outnumbered."
Eden twisted sharply, stumbling before Adolph ran forward and slammed Eden into the ground. Eden screeched at him, tossing Adolph off before he stood and rushed towards him. Adolph dodged him and spun to grab his sword. The light was filling the sky to the east where the clouds had gathered behind Adolph, painting his expression in darkness as he poised himself to strike. 
Eden wanted to pull back, but his body ran forward headlong into a dream from his childhood. It was the fate of many Wiccans to dream of their death. He remembered it as if it were yesterday.   The clouds parted, setting a burning glow in Adolph's hair like a glowing crown, an avatar of Helios, the sun god. The light burned his eyes and made him dizzy. He stumbled and turned his head just for a moment. He knew that if he just moved, just a little he could avoid it, but his body wouldn't respond, sluggish and fighting the rising power with the oncoming death of the turn he'd been holding off since he'd drained Morrigan of blood. 
Laurel ran forward, through the lines of soldiers of both sides who had parted to watch the two leaders fight. 
"Eden!" Someone cried out in horror. 
"Adolph!" Laurel yelled as he lunged forward and drove his sword through Eden's chest with a vicious growl. "No!"
The gasp was near deafening as Eden bent forward and his soldiers stared in horror. 
"Eden!" 
Adolph glared at Eden as he choked. Blood came from his mouth, but his expression was almost resigned. He slumped forward a bit and stumbled back and off the end of Adolph's blade. Laurel rushed around Adolph, changing back into her human form as Eden stumbled and collapsed. 
He chuckled softly, "I should have known I should have run when I saw you that night."
"What?"
"The white wolf always defends the werewolf kingdom." Eden took her hand, "As unrelenting as moonlight Behind her, the darkness will follow."
He chuckled, "Like father like son falling in love with a woman who would get him killed."
Laurel's eyes widened, horrified at the thought of Eden's father loving Morrigan. How could he love a woman so cruel? Had she always been that way or had something happened to her to change her?
Eden choked as he met her gaze, "I thought I thought of living out my days with youAnnwn's queen If you had just come with me"
Laurel's heart clenched in grief as he stroked her face tenderly. His fingers were tacky with blood and his eyes grew hazy.
"I thought I could avoid this... If I could just get you away from him. If I could just love you enough" His lips twitched, "Fate and destiny The pantheon can truly be cruel, can't it, Laurel?"
"Eden what are you talking about?" 
"Annwn deserves the sun," Eden said. "The breeze and the clear skyJust please Laurel they deserve peace at last. Please if you ever had any affection for me Spare them."
Laurel swallowed, shaken by the request. Laurel's hand shook as she looked at his wounds. The sword had gone through his chest.
"You're a vampire," Laurel said. "Y-You should be fine, right?"
"He'll burn my body," Eden said, looking up at Adolph as he approached. "I would too"
Laurel looked up at Adolph as he looked down at Eden, "He's too dangerous to even consider keeping in our dungeons."
"No hard feelings," Eden choked. "You know the darkness a long time ago They called it ash after the remains of a fire?"
Laurel frowned and her eyes widened, "T-The mural?"
"Everyone knows the story of the white and black wolf," he chuckled, "It's not just your story."
Laurel shook her head, "But you're a vampire. You shouldn't even die temporarily from just this."
Eden shook his head and dragged her hand over his heart. She found it thumping softly, slowing and she gasped. True vampires didn't have beating hearts. 
"Just a half-breed," he winced. "It's okay" Eden gasped, reaching for his throat. A necklace shimmered around his neck. He yanked it off with a grunt, breaking the golden chain before placing it in her hands. It felt oddly warm in her grip. She felt a little pulse of power drifting over her skin. "Wiccan envoy will come. Give it to them. They'll know Please"
She nodded shakily, "E-Eden do you know who killed Laura Hamilition?" Laurel asked.
Eden frowned briefly and Adolph's eyes widened as Eden narrowed his gaze at Laurel.
"Laura?" Eden shook her head, "Accident right?"
Laurel's eyes burned, "Don't lie to me. Please, Eden. Who killed her? And how do I get these cuffs off?"
His gray eyes flickered with amber light. He choked and grit his teeth. Fury and amusement twined in his eyes. His eyes turned hazy before they flashed just once and the cuffs fell from her wrists. 
"Eden?" She asked as his body went limp. "Eden!"
Her eyes burned with tears of grief and frustration as his eyes stared out into nothing. She shook him as if it would rouse him from sleep, but Adolph couldn't hear his heart thumping in his chest.
"Eden, answer me! Eden!" 
He didn't answer and the jeweled necklace in his hand didn't mean anything to her. A Wiccan envoy? What would they want when they came? She didn't think the kingdom could handle any more violence. Though she knew that Adolph would rise to defend the kingdom, she didn't want another war to start. 
She sighed, rocking back on her heels and huffing. Eden's expression had been confused. He didn't know what his anger and amusement were about, but there was no guilt. She didn't think that Eden was behind Laura's death. He could have just as easily tried to take Laura if things had been different.
For a moment, she wondered if had met Eden as Laura would she have gone with him? What sort of fate or destiny would they have had then?
Adolph approached her and placed a hand on her shoulder, " It's over now."
Laurel looked up at him as the sun began to fill the sky, painting the craggy rock and the barren trees with a soft glow that turned the dark bark to a rich brown. The darkness and decay that had painted the land on the other side of the border peeled back as the sunlight advanced. 
It felt hopeful. She chuckled. 
"Annwn."
"What?"
"Annwn from the old stories," Laurel said. "The other world, the land of delights."
Her lips twitched. Eden was another place like that. Had he thought his name ironic?
"Morrigan was his mother," Laurel said. 
"What?"
"He hated her," Laurel said. "He was planning to overthrow her but the attack on the capital and our wedding wasn't his doing"
Adolph had a feeling she would say that. How many other threats to their life and future were lurking in the shadows? How long would it take for the evil of Morrigan to be completely dead? 
He looked down at Eden's corpse before turning back to the rest of the camp. 
"We'll burn the bodies, vampire and werewolves alike, and make preparations to return their things to their families," he looked down at Laurel, "Then, we'll go home."
She smiled and nodded, "Yeah. We'll go home."
###chapter 121: Burned and Not
Mid-morning came quickly with sounds of death and mourning. Adolph's men gathered the bodies of the fallen to be burned and packaged their personal effects to return to their families. The death toll for the werewolf kingdom wasn't as large as it had been. The vampires who had not been slain surrendered easily, staring at Eden's dead body as it was hauled onto the pyre. 
Adolph had never seen a corpse like Eden's. He looked regal and just sleeping though he was not breathing. If he had a pulse, it was imperceptible, yet something was unnerving about the sight of Eden. He may have died a half-breed vampire, but he had drunk from the vampire queen, his mother. Much like the Raymond family had a tie to the moon goddess, he considered the idea that perhaps the vampire's royal family also had a connection to the moon goddess that would account for any surprise powers they had. 
Adolph watched them stack brambles and sticks around the pyre before pouring oil over the pile. He would feel better when the pyre had gone up in flames. 
He looked over to where Laurel was sitting, still holding the necklace in her hands and staring at it as if she were lost in thought. His wolf wanted her to throw it into the fire, but he didn't voice the desire, deciding it was best to simply focus on getting the dead taken care of.
As they set the fire, Adolph called for a blanket to wrap Laurel and sat beside her to watch the pyre burn. All around them, people were seated, taking a moment's rest from the night's battle. Other soldiers hustled around the camp taking stock of the camp and organizing food. 
"Will you keep it?"  Adolph couldn't stop himself from asking.
"He said I should give it to the Wiccan envoy when they come," Laurel replied.
Adolph clenched his jaw, "A last trick to be sure."
"What do you mean?"
"Wiccans have not been seen in the werewolf Kingdom in over a century. There's no guarantee that they even exist. Sure, there might be stray witches and wizards floating around the human populace, but it is highly unlikely that there's a full organized population to send an envoy."
Eden had been an anomaly to his knowledge. Wiccan power had declined over the years. It was part of the reason why he was eager to have Eden neutralized finally. The second he could scoop up the man's ashes, the faster he would feel at ease. 
Werewolves and vampires were powerful, but people who could call lightning from the sky or change the paths of the earth with a wave of their hand were beyond the strength of any person's strength.
"... if that's true,  then how did Eden learn magic?"
 Adolph frowned and looked at her, "What do you mean?"
Eden had been clear saying that he grew up with humans, but the magic that protected Annwn seemed like something of his own doing, not a remnant from times long ago. She would have to ask someone who knew him well to be sure, but she hadn't encountered anyone in Annwn who also had magic. 
She shook her head, "Never mind." 
Maybe Adolph was right, but something in her told her that she should keep the necklace for now. Maybe the goddess was whispering in her ear.
"I think you should get rid of it. Who knows what kind of enchantments or something is on it?"
"No." 
She looked down at it, drawing a finger over the intricately carved knots and precisely set jewels. They sparkled with light from within as well as the light of the sun. Rather than crafted for beauty, it seemed functional as the clasp resembled the clasp of armor or a cloak rather than a simple necklace. 
"I think it's best if I keep it, just in case."
Adolph clenched his jaw, " Laurel-"
"Even if Eden went about it the wrong way, he had good intentions towards the people of Annwn,  vampires, humans, and werewolves alike. I think if we are to have some measure of real peace and not drum up more resentment in the population that was under Morrigan's rule,  it's important that I not forget that." She closed her fist over the necklace. "Everything I've learned while in Annwn is important and will help me make a plan forward."
"What could you have possibly learned inside the vampire queen's castle?" Adolph asked, shaking his head. "That woman was likely only moments away from torturing you."
"Adolph"  She looked up at him, meeting his eyes. " I was never in the vampire queen's castle.  I've never set foot in it."
He frowned, "Then where were you?  Isn't Annwn the name of the castle?"
"No,"  she chuckled. "Could a place so dreary have such a name?"
He wanted to remark that a man like Eden shouldn't have been named after paradise, but he kept it to himself. 
"Annwn is a hidden place.  I don't know if the castle will remain hidden now that Eden is dead, but it was very similar to the Imperial City except there were a different variety of people:  humans,  vampires,  werewolves  all of them living and working together seemingly at peace."
"Seemingly?"
"Well, I wasn't there long,"  she chuckled. "But no one looked afraid. The people I met there were saved by Eden in one way or the other. The survivors of the Gray Ash pack were there."
He flinched at the mention of the pack and turned to look back at the fire. 
"We'll have to talk about it, but later."
"Later," she agreed and leaned against him with a little sigh.
They watched the fire blaze for hours. The flames were dying down near midday when Adolph grew stiff. 
"What's wrong?"
 Adolph said nothing, but his eyes narrowed as the ashes of the bodies shifted and crumbled. The pyre broke under the weight. A strong wind blew away most of the ashes, but there in the center of the burned remains was Eden's body seemingly unmarred by fire though it was smudged with ash.
"Impossible,"  he whispered. "That fire was hot enough to forge swords."
"What's wrong?" Laurel asked, turning to look at the pyre. She gasped when she saw Eden's body. 
Even Eden's clothes seem unharmed. His armor hadn't been removed, as was customary. Adolph wondered for a moment if that was a part of it, but his armor seemed no different than any of the other vampires that they threw into the bonfire. He looked over to the vampires who had been detained. They looked sullen and defeated, languishing under the burning sun. Someone nudged one of them and they turned their eyes to the pyre, likely seeing what Adolph was seeing.
They were yet another thing to deal with eventually. Before meeting Laurel he would have killed him without remorse or second thought, but it was different now. What about the people of Annwn? Were there children? Should he kill them too? Were they all just refugees of various places, victims of poor leadership, including his?
He groaned. He didn't have enough sleep to think about this and he wondered if Laurel, simply by being as wonderful as she was, was making him soft.
It pained him to admit, but she was right. War had brought them to this point and the bit of peace that Adolph had won for the kingdom had been short-lived. If he wanted a truly peaceful future in which he could be sure that the curse of a blood aura wouldn't one day overtake him, he needed to change his tactics.
Maybe he should go to the temple and pray about this.
"Pitch a tent over them and keep them under watch," Adolph said, nodding to the detained group. They looked up in alarm and confusion. " Bring them water and food if it can be spared. I need them to be willing to answer questions."
Aside from them, there were Laurel's questions of Eden. Had Laura been murdered? If she was, the culprit was probably still at large in the werewolf kingdom, meaning his best bet to figure it out lay in the people from Eden's camp.
"What to do with them?" Adolph asked, nodding at the group. Laurel smiled. 
"I'm sure they'd answer your questions."
Adolph glowered at her, eyeing the necklace, "Are we certain-"
"Your Majesty!" 
He turned his head, leaping to his feet and drawing his sword in one swift movement, but no enemies were coming, but allies from the capital. All of the guards had their swords drawn and they looked ready for a fight. 
"Reinforcements?" Laurel asked as he sheathed his sword and approached them. 
"Your Majesty, His Highness sent us to support your efforts against the invading force"
Adolph chuckled, "Well, that's over, but thank you for your service."
He looked back at Laurel with a quirked eyebrow, impressed that Basil had the wherewithal to send reinforcements even if they were late. 
Maybe there was some hope after all. 
###chapter 122: Return To The Castle
After the troops from the capital rested a bit, they loaded up the prisoners into carriages and headed back. Laurel sat on Adolph's horse with him, leaning against him as Adolph refused to be separated from her. Chasel gave him an amused and grateful smile, but Adolph could only grin back, pressing stray kisses to Laurel's head. 
The ride back to the castle was longer than any of them had realized after the battle and the initial ride up to the border. Laurel was dozing against his chest as they traveled through the forests between the border and the imperial city. 
The city did not receive them as they made it nearer to dawn than Adolph had hoped. They rode through the night until the sight of the castle rose out of the distance. The guards of the gates greeted him cheerily, gratefully, and they opened the gates for them. The servants came to help put away the horses and the supplies. Adolph dismounted carefully and brought Laurel into his arms and carried her through the palace. With each step, he felt a bit more relieved. He went up to their floor and walked into the king's quarters to the bathroom. 
Laurel remained asleep as he cleaned her up and slipped her into a sleeping gown then into bed. His wolf eased for the first time since she'd been taken. He cleaned himself and slipped into bed with a whisper of the sheets. He sighed and curled up to her, nuzzling her close and breathing her sweet scent, and allowing it to pull him into sleep. 

Adolph woke up later that day, much later than he thought he would. He turned towards her with a little sigh. 
"Laurel," he whispered. His heart clenched with fear and eased quickly as the solidness of her beside him made her relax. "I love you." 
Laurel turned and murmured, "Love you"
Adolph smiled and nuzzled her close, "Please tell me you'll get rid of that necklace."
She groaned, turning further into his embrace, "Adolph, no."
He sighed, "I had to try it. Breakfast?"
Laurel chuckled, "Are you jealous?"
Adolph glowered at her, "Would any man want their wife to have a keepsake from a man who loved them?"
Laurel shook her head, "It's for the Wiccan envoy."
"Sure."
Laurel shook her head then she sat up, "Did you run into a caravan on the way up?"
His eyes narrowed, "How do you know that?"
"Eden said that they were likely sent by a minister."
Adolph glowered at her, "We'll see about that. They were caught with a caravan full of gold and supplies."
Laurel nodded, "Well it could have been a lie, but what if he's right?"
Adolph eyed her, "Then they pose more of a problem than simply being useless."
Laurel chuckled and got out of bed. They cleaned up and headed downstairs only to find a  private meal set out in the parlor attached to his chambers. 
Adolph sighed with relief, "Thank the goddess for my staff."
She chuckled and sat beside him before starting to eat. 
After breakfast, Adolph and Laurel parted so he could check in with the investigation against the caravan of werewolves they ran into. Laurel's words rattled around in his mind as he met up with Chasel and the general who was heading that investigation. They went to his office to speak privately and Adolph hoped they had something good to tell him.
"Those werewolves are a different caliber than the ones that attacked the wedding," the general said. "They caved before we had even managed to start torturing them. I don't think they were working for the same people."
Adolph smiled coldly, "You sound almost disappointed."
He laughed, "Only because of what they had to say. They said they were hired by someone in the city to go and recruit rogues. Couldn't tell me who, but they gave me a place where they were supposed to bring them."
He set the pages in front of him and Adolph looked at the map. The area was in a section of the kingdom not too far from the capital, but he had no idea what was there. It was just outside of any pack's specific territory. 
"To what end?"
"To stage a coup, an attack on the capital." The general wrinkled his nose. "The plans sounded sloppy and hastily put together. The only thing that seemed to be smart about it was the method of recruiting."
Adolph nodded, "Very well. Then we should hold a formal meeting with everyone and suss out the likely origin."
Though his stomach churned at the thought that perhaps Eden was right. Had allowing the ministers to persist nearly cost him everything?
"Chasel," he said. "When you get a chance, interview Laurel about her time in Eden's camp."
"Not you?"
His lips twitched, "I need an impersonal approach. I hardly fit the bill."
He nodded, "It will be done."
He headed to the room with a deep sigh. Soon, the rest of the people he expected to arrive entered, each greeting him and settling around him. 
"So glad you all could make it," Adolph said, "A formal announcement is in order."
Raven's eyes narrowed in thought before relaxing as their gazes met briefly. She turned her gaze to scan the room.
"The vampire queen, Morrigan Ash, is dead," he said. "The war is officially over."
The general let out a startled laugh, "Yet you look so grave."
"There are still traitors among us," Adolph said, "Until they are sussed out, there is every chance that the plot to bring down the werewolf kingdom has not been neutralized. We will celebrate in the city and Laurel and I will speak to the people this afternoon as this is our victory."
Raven smiled, "How lovely."
His lips twitched, "Yes, it has been a long time coming."
Gavin looked outright sour and Basil looked as though he was thinking of downing another bottle of alcohol, but Adolph didn't bother to say much else. 

The roar of the crowd was near deafening as they stood out on the balcony overlooking the city. He had ordered the gates opened for the proclamation. Laurel stood at his side looking over the crowd with a smile. 
Delia thought she was going to be sick, listening to Adolph speak to the crowd. His voice was strong, triumphant, and warning as he spoke about the traitors still at large and the changes that would come. 
"For now, however, we will celebrate the victory we have." 
The crowd roared as he turned to Laurel and kissed her soundly. She clapped along with the rest of the people in attendance. Basil looked as though his next move would be to find the deepest bottle of alcohol to drown himself in. 
She considered seducing him while he was drunk and pushed that thought away, doubting he would even be up to the task once he had drunk too much. 
Delia remained at the celebration for as long as was appropriate before retreating to her rooms. As soon as the door closed, she slid to the ground as her eyes burned. 
Eden was dead. The plan had failed, yet no one had looked at her suspiciously. At the least, he had remained quiet in death. Perhaps she was the backup plan. The plan, after all, was to simply destroy the werewolf kingdom, wasn't it? Eden didn't have to be alive for that to happen, nor did the queen. 
If she could carry out the rest of the plan on her own, she wouldn't have to share the power with anyone. 
She would be luna over the werewolf kingdom. Perhaps once she was crowned formally, she could orchestrate Basil's untimely death. 
It wouldn't take much, just a little extra something in the bottles of alcohol he liked to drink. The healers would think it was alcohol poisoning and say nothing. If not that, then she could perhaps find a witch in the vampire territory to give her something that would be completely undetectable. 
She could mention Eden as a way to pave the way. 
She nodded. She deserved the power. It was owed to her for putting up with Basil and risking her life. All she had to do was get Basil back into her palms and keep him there until the time was right. 
The air shook with the cheering of the city outside her window. She stood and looked out the window. 
The course of action, for now, was simple: keep a low profile. It wouldn't be until everyone who had been captured had been interviewed and sentenced that she would be sure of where she stood. 
She crossed the room to pack an emergency book. It had all the necessities. She stuffed it at the bottom of her armoire and sat at the table listening to the cheers of triumph outside and promising herself to keep the life she had and gain all the power she was owed. 
###chapter 123: Celebration Of The Fall
Adolph was sure that his head would be ringing for at least a few days after the celebration ended. He'd sent the fastest riders out to every pack to announce the official fall of the vampire queen. As far as he knew, the entire country had broken out in celebration. The men who had fallen in the last battle were lauded as national heroes in their packs and Adolph's heart. 
He would add them to the list of people to be given title and status posthumously. 
While the entire nation celebrated, he still wasn't sure what to do with the vampire territory. The news from the border said that there had been no suspicious activity and no signs of the castle, meaning that both Annwn and the vampire queen's castle maintained their protections despite the death of Morrigan and Eden. He didn't know what that meant, but until they found a way around it, they would need to be cautious. 
He wrote out an order to advance the order a few miles towards cliffs overlooking the sea every week. He would be sending more men to fill out the border patrols to every border village and the border camp. Hopefully, they wouldn't run into too many wayward vampires still loyal to the vampire queen, but if they did they would have enough warriors to deal with them. 
As for the rogues, he made sure to tell them to round up anyone they found. As he finished writing the order, he stopped. 
What about Delia's family? Did she have any?
He thought to ask Basil, but he was busy drowning his sorrows. He stood and went in search of his newest daughter-in-law.
"Your Majesty?"
He smiled at the guard, "Good to see you. Have you seen Delia?"
"She is likely with Lady Helena, they use the parlor in the east wing for her lessons."
He wasn't surprised. Helena had always used that parlor. 
"If you see Chasel, tell him to pull my son out of the bottle he's crawled into."
The man gasped but nodded shakily. Adolph headed towards the east wing. The path was familiar and he chuckled. Maybe he should stop by the other parlor to see Laurel while she was training with Sam. She'd been insistent that she pick it back up just in case and Adolph was hard-pressed to deny her that much. 
Besides, as soon as he was done, he would cart her beautiful little form back to their rooms to restart their honeymoon properly. 
He arrived at the door of the parlor and knocked, waiting to be allowed entry. 
"Come in," Helena's voice came through the door. He entered and looked at Helena looking frustrated across the room. "Your Majesty, a pleasure."
"Forgive my interruption," Adolph said before turning to look at Delia. "I'll need to borrow Delia for a bit."
She froze, her eyes wide and her face pale. She wrung her hands nervously before Helena gave her leave. Adolph led her to the parlor across the hall, ushering her in and calling for a bit of tea as he was sure this conversation would be difficult to have. 
Delia was beside herself. Her stomach churned, but she did her best to sit across the short table from Adolph and try and figure out what was going on. Had he figured it out? Was he just guessing and about to ask her? Would she crack under his interrogation? 
He seemed friendly enough, but the scent of blood that had always been in his scent seemed stronger now, blinding her senses to anything but impending terror. 
A servant came in, casting a glance at Delia before smiling politely and setting a tray between them. 
"Is there anything else I can get you, Your Majesty?"
"No, Evelyn," she gasped, seeming stunned. He offered her a smile. "This is perfect. Thank you."
She curtsied and escaped with a soft click of the door. Delia clasped her hands together, shrinking back against the couch as she tried not to fidget under his gaze. 
"Help yourself, Delia," Adolph said grabbing a roll and smearing jam on it. 
At the least, the food wasn't poisoned. Wouldn't that be poignant justice for poisoning Laurel accidentally?
"You know that the vampire queen, but there are intricacies related to that victory that concern you."
"W-What do you mean by that, Your Majesty?"
Adolph eyed her stiff posture. It could be fear, she seemed truly terrified of him, but there was something else he couldn't place about her. He pushed the thought aside. 
"There is the matter of the werewolves that were known to have been on the borders, rogues and so on, that may have entered into the vampire nation. I am told that you were found on the border."
Delia nodded, shakily, "Y-Yes."
"If it is not too hard to speak about, how did you get there?"
She swallowed, trying to scrape together a recollection of the lie she'd told the knights who had found her. She remembered that she'd tried to keep it simple to make it easier to remember.
"My family was attacked by rogues I was lucky when Your Majesty's soldiers found me."
"What pack were you from?"
"I didn't have one." She looked away. "I grew up a rogue."
"And your family?"
Her lips twitched thinking of them. They had told her for a long time that they descended from one of the great werewolf packs of old, one that was absorbed or destroyed while the Raymond pack forced the other packs under its banner. 
They considered themselves old werewolf nobility and hated the werewolf kingdom with a passion. 
"They said they were from an old pack. One that doesn't exist anymore, but I don't remember which one."
Adolph hummed, looked at his notes, "Would there be anyone in the vampire nation or even in the neutral territory who may know of you? Anyone you would consider family?"
"Not alive."
"Friends?"
"No."
Adolph found her answers strange and he sat back. 
"How long were you alone, Delia?"
Delia glanced at him, "I A long time."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "Do you remember when you were separated from your parents?"
Delia closed her eyes as the memories flickered behind her eyelids. Of course, she remembered. She had been a little older than Laurel was when she came to the capital, hungry, half-starved, and desperate. 
"My parents wanted work," she said, cleaning up the story a bit. "The humans weren't receptive, and they attacked."
She remembered the villagers shouting and threatening them to go away. She remembered the fight that broke out as she ran away from the scent of blood and the sounds of screams. Days later, she had come back to check, but there had been no sign of her parents or anyone else she knew. 
The villagers hadn't been there either and she presumed them dead.
Adolph eyed her, "Is there a chance that your parents are still alive?"
Delia grimaced, "I don't think so."
At least, she hoped not. They were a major liability to her new life.
Adolph took note to look into it, "What were their names?"
"Luke," Delia flinched and sighed. "And Opal Morton."
Adolph took note, "Just in case, we'll keep an eye out for them. If you think of anyone else, let me know."
She nodded shakily as he stood, "I will take my leave now. Feel free to take your time and regain your bearings"
She chanced a glance up as he offered her a small smirk, "I know how demanding Lady Helena can be."
Delia nodded, shocked at the oddly kind expression. The scent of blood made it seem surreal as he left the room. 
Adolph turned the conversation with Delia over in his mind. She'd been lying, his instincts told him so, but he couldn't say exactly what she'd been lying about. Was it her parents or how they were separated? 
He was no stranger to the terrible things that rogues did to survive. Perhaps her parents had been harassing a human village in a protection racket. It was a known tactic that Adolph had done his best to stomp out of existence within the border, but with every rogue that was banished from the packs, the more rogues that eventually ended up outside the werewolf kingdom, or floating around causing trouble. 
He added the problem of rogues to 
Anxiety churned her stomach. Had she said something that would come back to bite her? She'd never imagined her parents or their *pack* of rogues were still alive. 
What if he did find them? 
She grit her teeth. They would give her away. It had only been six years, her features hadn't changed that much. 
Goddess, how much more complicated could this be? His clear blue eyes were so piercing, she knew he knew she was lying, but she didn't know if he would be able to figure out what she was lying about. Maybe someone among the captured werewolves had talked and that was what really sent him to come and find her.
Goddess, help her.
###chapter 124: Dismissals and Reinstatements
It had been mere days since the celebration ended when Adolph called a formal meeting again, but instead of the usual meeting room, the meeting was held in the throne room. To Gavin's surprise and dismay, he was dressed in full ceremonial dress and he had no idea what was happening. Every noble of the court was in attendance, including the ministers who had been dismissed. 
Laurel was dressed in a fine gown that made Gavin purple with fury. Olivia had been the luna yet she had never had a gown as grand as the one Laurel wore, or perhaps she had never seemed so natural standing beside Adolph. The sight of her irritated him to no end. 
"Your Majesty, what is happening?" A minister asked, almost timidly. 
Adolph looked at him from his throne with a little smirk, "Do you not recognize open court?"
Gavin's stomach churned. He didn't like the sound of open court. They never held it while he was at war as a matter of course. What did they care about the problems of peasants? 
"The first order of business will be to announce the dissolution of all government ministries," Adolph said. "The duties once splintered into ministries will be reabsorbed by the office of the alpha and luna, the king and queen."
Gavin's stomach plummeted as Adolph glanced at Gavin. 
"Minister Mirabelle shall maintain his ceremonial position as the minister of family insofar as he is the grandfather of the crowned prince." Adolph continued, "From today until otherwise stated, all former ministers, and the minister of family,  shall be detained to their respective estates for audit and investigation for various charges of embezzlement, mishandling, criminal conspiracy, and treason."
The ministers stumbled, little panicked gasps filling the air as Laurel smiled plainly.  Gavin met her gaze, furious and almost wishing that Laura was still alive. 
She would have never been so bold to meet Gavin's gaze with such superiority. 
Her warning went through his mind and he clenched his fist before smoothing his expression into a plain one. The caravan they confiscated had cost Gavin a great deal, but the money was not traceable to his personal or estate accounts easily. 
"Any attempt to leave without permission will be considered an act of treason and met with lethal force without question."
Gavin bowed his head gracefully, "As you wish, Your Majesty."
"Before you are taken," Adolph said, gesturing for Chasel to come forward, "So proclaimed will be the properties and sums confiscated by the crown as back payment for tax evasion revealed through the initial audit including taxes, late penalties, and punitive charges."
Chasel began reading the long list and Basil looked horrified looking around the room as more than just the former ministers were called out. Gavin watched Adolph's expression, calm and cunning and he wondered how long Adolph had been planning this. 
The laws of the kingdom set forth that no one of noble status could have ever been charged successfully with tax evasion or conspiracy as it was considered a minor act of treason and in opposition to the purpose of nobility. If a noble was caught, they were immediately stripped of their noble status and property as penance so long as they were considered full criminals.
With just a few declarations, Adolph had cut out most of Gavin's power structure of government positions, leaving Gavin to stand alone. Though none of it could be traced back to him directly, everyone who had been charged would look at him with a suspicious and furious gaze as he would remain mostly unharmed. 
They would assume it was some form of leniency or at least some pre-planning on Gavin's part and lie in wait to repay him. 
"These funds will be turned over to the office of the luna," Adolph said calmly as he looked at Laurel. "Laurel?"
She smiled, "There will be several changes to how packs will be run"
Raven smiled watching them, absurdly proud. Laurel's plans to force pack leaders to take full responsibility for their pack members in the form of education and vocational efforts and housing extensions of the national food stores in each pack's territories was brilliant. 
She looked at Henry as he let out a low whistle of appreciation, "Vicious. Brilliant. Goodness if she weren't green-eyed I'd wondered if you cloned yourself and donned a wig."
Raven laughed, shaking her head as Laurel went about packs being required to submit to formal audits going forward, noble and not. When she was done, Adolph stood. 
"Now, for the noble structures, I will be appointing new nobles to serve as my courtiers and advisors as we enter a new era of the kingdom."
Laurel smiled as he called the living generals and soldiers forward one by one and appointed them as nobles, assigning them a section of the kingdom to reign over. Sam and Lynn seemed shocked that they would be called and she smiled as they came forward, awed and amazed. 
When the living had been named, he moved on to the deceased, stating that their families would be taken care of and alerted within the week by a courier. When she heard Jack's name among them, she smiled and kept herself from crying. He set his ceremonial sword back on the pillow and greeted his new court. 
"Before we celebrate," Adolph said, descending the steps. "I have one more announcement of a more personal matter."
Laurel looked over at Raven who looked as though she was joking with Irene about it being a declaration of love for Laurel. 
"For today onward, the ban on blood acknowledgment shall be lifted."
Raven dropped her wine glass in the silence, staring silent and shocked, pale with amazement. Henry and Liam grew tense on either side of her. 
"The precedence of blood rights and dissolution shall be lifted and the records from my kingship to the first Raymond royal to the last shall always reflect the truth of the bonds of blood, whether common, noble or temple-bound."
The priestess who was in attendance seemed shocked as well, staring wide-eyed even as her eyes grew teary.
"By the goddess' grace, we were born as family," Adolph said, offering Raven his hand. "For foolish politics, we have erased those bonds. Barring family from being together and depriving the Raymond family of the joys we defend for our subjects No more."
Henry swallowed, squeezing Raven's shoulders gently as she remained frozen in place, staring at Adolph. It was bigger than just visiting rights. 
Adolph and Raven were the first royal twins born. From the time of their birth, until Raven married, they had been inseparable. Henry knew how deep the wounds of having to leave the castle, to leave Adolph ran for years. He also knew how she had believed it for the best for everyone's safety. 
He couldn't imagine what was going through his wife's head, but he nudged her forward slowly. She took staggering steps, fearful and almost timid though she reached out to Adolph like a small child just learning to walk. 
Raven heard the words, echoing through her mind. The clang of the castle gates as she left for Henry's pack, never to return freely. She heard her calling Adolph by his formal title for the first time and how long she'd cried after. She'd heard the attack on her home and the threats to Henry and her son's life too, but Adolph was offering his hand as if they were just children again and he wanted to go chase frogs or climb the orchard's trees. 
He clasped her hand and smiled, "Welcome home, Rae'."
Her eyes burned. It was ridiculous and maudlin and she should have been keeping an eye on the ministers to figure out what they were thinking and get a read on them. This was huge and after all the changes Adolph had just announced, now was the time to get a true read on what dangers still lurked in the court, threatening her brother's happiness, yet she couldn't speak. She couldn't see through the tears and she heard herself let out a broken sob as Adolph pulled her into his arms and murmured into her hair. 
"I missed you too, Rae'... Should we go chase frogs later?"
She laughed, watery and gleeful as she squeezed him back, "Don't be ridiculous We are much too old for that."
Still, if he wanted to, she probably would have hiked her skirts up and ran through the gardens with him. 
She looked over at Laurel who smiled at her, eyes watery and filled with joy. She held out a hand to her and Laurel rose from her seat to join them, allowing Raven to pull her into a sideways hug. 
Laurel hummed, comforted by the embrace, and opened her eyes. 
Over her shoulder, she saw grandfather and grandson sporting two very different expressions. Basil looked confused and a bit wary, but Gavin looked livid, staring at her as the guards began to escort him and the others out of the throne room. 
Her heart clenched and she heard rushing water and howling wind in her ears like a warning of a death threat just behind her.
###chapter 125: The Prince’s Duties
"I think we should talk about the prince," Laurel said as they lay in bed early the morning after they'd held open court. 
Raven had been beside herself after the dinner was over, teary and emotional as she was shown back to her old rooms. Irene dabbed at her eyes and tried to maintain a brave face, but he had a feeling that Henry, Dorian, and Liam would all be dragged through the castle exploring all of their favorite places from their old studies to the gardens. The rest of his cousins would be doing the same, likely, happy to explore the castle with new eyes. 
Maybe they would end up chasing a frog or two around the pond. Whatever they did, it would be nice to have more than him, Laurel, and Basil at formal meals going forward from time to time. 
They would return to their packs at the end of the week to check up on things and carry on with their duties, but there would no longer be such a ceremony around them coming to visit. 
He imagined Basil would be pulled out of his drunken stupor more often than not and, hopefully, before he could manage to reach for a bottle by his rambunctious cousins. He hoped so. He had never thought about how isolated Basil's childhood had been.
He sighed and turned them in bed, pulling Laurel close. 
"I think that man who owes you ten silvers said that you promised me *a lot of midnight picnics in the future and a lot of days off* for our honeymoon in the future as an apology."
Laurel's face turned bright red. She scowled and turned her head into Adolph's bare shoulder. 
"Yes I did say that."
"Has that man paid you?"
"He hasn't had the time while in the *dungeons*!"
Adolph chuckled. If he had his way, he wouldn't ever have the time, but that was wishful thinking. He strove to be fair in his reign and for all the commotion kidnapping Laurel had caused, Eden's movements had done more good than harm for the kingdom. 
As much as he was loath to admit it.
"Well, just as well" Adolph said, nuzzling her, "What are you thinking?"
"Given how Prince Basil has behaved and been educated" Laurel began, "I don't believe that he is ready to do much of anything on his own."
That went without saying. 
"However, he will never learn to be if he is not forced to do so." Laurel said, "I believe if we can keep Minister Mirabelle busy trying to protect himself and hold on to power for as long as possible, we'll have the time to pry his claws out of Prince Basil."
Adolph listened, his lips twitching. He wondered if these thoughts had been ones she'd had during her life as Laura or if they were completely new. 
"When I was Basil's age, I worked with the ministers of justice and peace for military and civil affairs."
His lips twitched thinking back. His father hand shoved the job on him to get the military in order shortly after he'd finished his training and it was clear that Morrigan would be bringing war to their border. He'd argued and threatened the ministers to increase the military budget for better armor for the warriors and weapons as well as higher pay. He'd been the reason for the literacy requirement in the military as the minister of general affairs had cut the budget for general education. 
He needed soldiers who could read and write messages and plans for intel and operations. 
"Were you involved with any civil sentencing?" Laurel asked, stroking his hair. 
Adolph growled in satisfaction at the feeling of her fingers through his hair. 
"Yes, several Treason too."
She swallowed, "Your mother's death?"
Adolph nodded. It had been a dark time, but he had not disagreed with his father's decree and had even carried out the displaying of the body though his father had actually executed the people behind her death. 
"Do you think he could handle sitting in on some of the civil trials with you? Maybe while you held an open court?"
Adolph groaned, "You want to stick him in court with me?"
"Minister Mirabelle has tried to put him in a very narrow mold of what it means to be prince, but all Prince Basil wants is to make you proud." Adolph lifted his head to meet her gaze. "He looks up to I think he will follow your example and do his best to learn from you given half the chance."
He held back his questions about how she knew that, knowing that she would likely deny the possibility that she had once been his daughter-in-law. 
"I think it's probably the one thing that Minister Mirabelle was counting on not being an option."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "You think he never intended for me to come back from war."
She didn't respond, but he didn't need her to answer. A feeling at the back of his mind poked at his suspicions. Gavin may have not been prepared to murder before, but with things as they were, he would be more inclined to do whatever it took. 
He nodded, "I'll take him to court with me among other things."
Laurel smiled, "Sounds like a plan."
Adolph shook his head, "Why did you ask about Laura?"
She flinched, "What?"
"When Eden was dying you asked him if he killed Laura How do you know she was killed and it wasn't an accident?"
Her heart raced and he waited for her to come up with a plausible lie, interested in her reaction. 
"You don't think it's strange?" She asked tentatively. "She just happened to run off into the forest and end up over a cliff after being divorced?"
Adolph listened to her heart ease, "Coincidence maybe. Suicide?"
She scoffed, "I doubt she and Prince Basil had such a loving relationship that it drove her to that."
"Oh?"
"He divorced her on the day of his engagement and married within a few months of her death."
"That's Basil's feelings for her and his immaturity. What of her?" He lifted his head to meet her gaze. 
Her heart sped up and she tried to remain calm. There was something in his eyes that told her he was asking a very different question than the one he posed. 
"Is there something you want to ask me, Adolph?"
His lips twitched and he leaned up, pressing a kiss to her lips, "I have asked all that I want to know."
He sat up in bed, "I can only assume you asked because of the attempt on your life. It would stand to reason that if someone was trying to get rid of you, they would have wanted to get rid of Laura as well."
"... well, what about Delia?"
He chuckled, "Delia has never been named luna. She wouldn't be a threat until that was official and it would be too obvious to kill her right after killing Laura. It might not have been Eden's hand moving things behind the scenes, but the person behind it isn't stupid."
Though they could be desperate. Adolph tilted his head thoughtfully and stood from the bed. 
"Since you are determined to still do work today," Adolph said and offered his hand, "Shall we begin the day? Breakfast?"
Laurel took his hand and nodded, "I was planning to take Delia to the orphanage to help with registration."
Adolph laughed, "I see you have your own entertainment planned for the day!"
She winced at the thought and glowered as Adolph continued to laugh. Of course, he got to laugh. Basil adored him and if he even hinted at wanting to teach Basil something, Basil would happily trail after him like a little duckling. 
Laurel was certain that Delia hated her. She probably hated Laura too to some degree, though Laura was a much smaller threat to her. She scoffed at the thought, Laura hadn't been a threat to her at all, no matter how Basil was acting now. 
The thought gave her pause. Why was Basil acting like that if they were mates? They already had a mating bond due to the ceremony, Laurel knew that. There was no reason that Basil should be seemingly pining over Laura now. 
It didn't make sense, but it wasn't her problem either. Whatever went on in Basil's life wasn't her business in so far as it didn't interfere with her and Adolph's plans for the kingdom. 
"Go ahead and laugh," Laurel pouted, "But when you have to get Basil onto a training pitch"
Adolph grimaced, his nose wrinkling with distaste. He wasn't looking forward to it. He had considered pawning the duty off on Chasel or a general that Basil had annoyed at some point or another. Even Dorian or Henry were options, but Laurel was right. 
He was the best option to get Basil to fall in line quickly and without complaint.
"I'm not looking forward to it."
Laurel smiled and kissed his cheek, "You'll be fine but say a prayer to the goddess for me?"
Adolph chucked and kissed her lips, "You are always in my prayers."
She beamed and headed out the door to formal breakfast with him.
###chapter 126: Literacy
Laurel and Adolph came down for a formal breakfast just before Raven, Henry, and the rest. Basil and Delia were already inside the formal dining room. It was unnerving to have so many people at the table now, but a glance at Basil told her that he wasn't uncomfortable if a bit timid. 
The food was served by a small team of servants and taste-tested in front of them before they began to eat. As always the food was delicious, but it was hard to focus on it with them talking so much. The cold older women who had come to the castle as lunas of nearby noble packs had been replaced with women laughing happily with each other, teasing and chatting amicably. 
They were so sickeningly happy that Delia had to tune them out. She'd had sisters once, but they had never been like this. She knew that Raven was Adolph's sister, but she didn't know the exact familial relationships between the others and she didn't care. 
She supposed living at the top of society meant that people could be happy.
"... Delia?"
She looked up to the person calling her name and found it was Laurel. 
"What?"
"I said we'll be headed to the orphanage after your lesson with Lady Helena."
Delia pressed her lips together. Angry and unable to say anything about it as Adolph piped up. 
"Basil," Adolph said. Basil straightened in his chair and it took every bit of cunning in her to keep from rolling her eyes. "Since you're not needed to repair the temple, I thought you might like to join me today."
"Oh?" Basil said, his voice growing hopeful. "Yes. Yes, of course, father."
Raven and Laurel shared an amused look across the table before bursting into a little laugh. Raven was glad that Laurel seemed to understand more about Basil than his mate did. It would help manage him and get him free of Gavin's machinations. 

After breakfast, Delia went to her lesson. When that was finally over, Laurel arrived to take her into the city. If there was a greater waste of time, Delia wasn't sure what it would be. She hated children, but to remain under the radar and bide her time before trying to figure out a way out of this situation, she followed Laurel out of the castle with their escort to the school. 
She hadn't been listening to Laurel when she told Delia what she was supposed to be doing, too angry at the thought of being around a bunch of orphans. 
As if she needed that reminder thrown in her face. Where these kids were orphans due to war, she had lost her parents to their selfishness and foolishness. 
Humans were weaker than werewolves, of course, but they were more numerous. She shuddered remembering the angry mob that had stood against her parents and their comrades who had wanted to hustle the human village for protection. 
She'd run, leaving them to their fates, and made her way through the neutral zone towards the vampire lands. 
"Delia," Laurel said and pointed towards the desk where another woman was sitting, gathering papers. "You'll be helping get the kids registered and assigned to rooms in the orphanage."
Delia rolled her eyes but crossed the room and sat beside the woman. The woman was cheery, clearly loving the waves of children that were coming by escort from a small caravan. Delia did her best not to be bothered by the sight of them looking at her like she should care about them. 
Laurel came back about an hour after leaving her, "A heads up that there should be adults coming soon to register for the school. Teenagers too."
"What for?" Delia asked. 
"The basic requirement to join the military, become government officials, a merchant, or even work in the castle is literacy," Laurel explained. "They have to pass a written test."
She hadn't known that, but the thought made her furious. Why such a hard line? What was so important about being able to read and write. Sure, being able to read, as bad as she could, making it easier to get through Helena's classes, but writing?
She glanced at the woman beside her as she fumbled and slid parchment to her. 
"Well, I'll certainly need the help."
"You can do it," Delia said, crossing her arms. 
The woman looked stunned, "But"
Delia gave her a cold look and she took the parchment back, leaning back in her seat. 
Laurel watched the exchange curiously before approaching. She took the parchment and a quill from the woman's side and placed them in front of Delia. Delia looked up at her with a furious and resentful stare. 
"You're here to work," Laurel said, "If you can't do the job, I'll find you something else."
Delia narrowed her eyes and stood, "Then you should get to that, *Laurel*."
The woman gasped and Laurel searched Delia's gaze before she realized something. 
"Delia" she said. "Do you not know how to write?"
Delia narrowed her eyes at her and that was answer enough. Then, the doors opened. She called another person to help man the desk before leading Delia away to an empty classroom. 
How had she not thought of that? She had thought that Delia had simply been slacking off and was reluctant to follow Lady Helena's orders. It had never crossed her mind to think that Delia couldn't write, let alone read with any sort of proficiency. 
How long had she been a rogue? Since she was very young, Laurel assumed. If the ministers had treated Delia the way they'd treated Laura, everyone would have known and she would have been being properly educated. 
Delia may have been doted on, but no one had been doing her any sort of favor keeping her so ignorant. More of Delia's behaviors made sense. No one would have explained the payment documents she brought to the treasury because they were self-explanatory if one could read. 
"My apologies, Delia." The woman seemed stunned. "I didn't mean to inadvertently embarrass you or expose such a thing."
Delia blinked and glared at her, "And?"
"Well, it's obvious, isn't it?" She smiled in what she hoped was a kind manner. She didn't like Delia, but as luna, she had a duty to make sure Delia was educated. Maybe if she was fully literate, it would help Delia feel more at ease in the castle and make her take more interest in behaving appropriately. 
"I'm more than willing to teach you how to write and help you with your readings"
Delia clenched her jaw, wanting to tell Laurel to mind her business, but she held her tongue. The werewolves who had been captured during the attack on the wedding and the battle on the border could identify her at any time. Let alone the vampires who had been captured. She didn't know if they knew her or not, but it was in her best interest to try and garner some sort of rapport with Laurel until she knew she was safe. 
"... fine."
Laurel was surprised that she agreed so easily, but she pushed forward to set up a good time for them to meet up for lessons before she sent Delia to help in the kitchens. She doubted that Delia had resolved to change her behavior completely, but it was a step in the right direction. 
"Your Majesty." She turned to look at the guard from the castle. Her heart lurched. "His Majesty has asked for your presence during a meeting in an hour."
Laurel nodded, feeling a bit relieved. She spoke to the head of the orphanage and the school about her departure before letting Delia know that she would have to return to the castle alone before following the guard, Sam, and Lynn back to the castle. 
The guard led them to the usual meeting room and she entered curiously. There were a lot of things that they could have to speak about, but she had a feeling it would be about Eden and the remnants of the vampire nation. 
Adolph stood and rounded the table to greet her at the door. The rest of the room stood in acknowledgment. She was surprised to find Basil able to stand on his own, but his gaze was boring into her across the room. She ignored him as Adolph kissed her hand with a sweet smile and thanked the guard for retrieving her. Her heart fluttered a bit as he escorted her to her seat at his side at the head of the table. Raven gave her a little smile and Irene wiggled her eyebrows at her in knowing. 
Laurel tried not to be embarrassed as their voices flitted through her mind about Raven and Adolph's father charming their mother to the ends of the kingdom and back. 
Adolph ushered her to her seat and pushed her up to the table before retaking his seat. The doors were closed as he looked around the table. 
"Now that things have calmed a bit," Adolph said. "I am interested to know your thoughts on what to do about the vampire nation's lands now that Morrigan is dead."
###chapter 127: Unexpected Changes
Gavin looked at the seats where the other ministers used to sit and seethed. In their places were elevated commoners and warriors as courtiers along with all the pack leaders, the alphas, and lunas. He sat across the table from Basil, but he never felt so alone or powerless. 
Adolph had been cruel in the way he'd allowed his ceremonial title to remain, a cold gleam in his eye every time he glanced at Gavin. 
He would pay for this but Gavin held his tongue as people began to speak about their options. 
Annexing the territory of the vampire queen was partially in their interest. More land typically meant more power, but the land had been barren since time immemorial. If the land was truly barren, then annexing the land would just bring more mouths to feed. After all the upheaval, they wouldn't have the food stores to make it through the year. 
Adolph watched Gavin contemplating it. His thoughts were clear on his face, and to a degree, Adolph agreed, but there was no way around it.
"I think the time to discuss do or do not has passed," Raven said calmly, her eyes glinting with moonlight. 
Adolph nodded. Some part of him had expected her to say as much. 
"I agree. If I ignore the lands of the vampire nation, it will only breed another place where trouble and resentment can brew; however, with taking over that land and the people there, human, vampire, and werewolf several laws will need to be changed."
Most of the table seemed to be thinking of one law or another, but he had a feeling only a handful of people at the table were thinking about the laws about slaves. He would have to adopt penalties about forced feeding on humans and harassment of human towns. 
All of this, of course, would have been easier if he had an understanding of vampire culture and laws as they were before if there ever had been laws beyond Morrigan's decrees. 
"I am less worried about the changes in law as I am about the vampires who are still at large. I have already ordered the border patrol to expand towards the cliffs weekly. I'll be sending officials to take a census of the areas that we are taking over to track people officially human, vampire, and werewolf."
"We are truly entering a new age" A general said gravely. 
"Before the borders have been stabilized, I want laws in place to support the changes that will come including the full abolition of the slave trade, no matter the species, sanctioned trade routes, and incentives to encourage harmony between the races."
He sighed. It was a taller order to fill, but not impossible. Eden had a plan. He could lean on what his attempt left behind and build upon it, tweaking it until it sat right with his style of ruling. 
"There should be limitations of how humans are turned into vampires," a former soldier said. "Intel said it was done almost indiscriminately and mentioned a blood tax."
He nodded, "For protection. That will be outlawed in the same way that werewolf harassment of human villages is prohibited."
The conversation carried on with a page taking notes at his side about the social issues before they moved on to the military issues. More land meant more land to protect and a need to increase the military's size. It would be a headache, but they could get it done. 
"There will be some restrictions for the first few years regarding social mobility," Adolph said, agreeing with Dorian. "But no more than five years."
Gavin clenched his jaw, "There is too much hatred and resentment for five years to be enough. The vampires lost the war, they should be subjugated."
"...I think five years might be too long." Gavin lifted his head startled by Basil's voice. The entire room looked at Basil and he looked startled. 
Adolph gave him a small smile, hoping it was encouraging, "Go on, Basil."
He cleared his throat, trying to ease his nervousness. Once, he and Laura had spoken about the debtor laws and restructuring them. His father had already made the changes, but when debt holders were allowed to pull their debtors into basic indentured servitude, the term was fifteen years and included the entire family. 
She argued that fifteen years was ridiculous depending on the size of the debt and would make people prone to leave the kingdom rather than pay it back. He'd been furious that she wouldn't agree that it wasn't the debt-holders right to hold them for that long, but had been embarrassed to find out later that the number of people leaving the werewolf kingdom who had been roped into that law was high ever since the ministers put it into effect.
*It only benefits the debt-holder to have free labor for fifteen years with no oversight about how much the debtor owed* *It would be better to encourage and support the debtor to get current with a shorter term and stay current.*
Laura was always seeing the larger picture and trying to make him into a better person, but he just didn't listen. 
"If it's true that they were already oppressed, adding another five years to their current state will only make them more resentful. We should encourage their loyalty to the throne and support them in acclimating to the new era."
Adolph smiled looking at Basil. His eyes were haunted a bit, but his voice was calm and confident. He wondered if Basil had thought of it himself or was staring through his memories at some argument that he and Laura had. 
"If we make it five years, I think there should be some sort of limitations or guidelines about whose movements are restricted. Age limits or positions in society."
"That would take too long," Gavin growled. 
"Maybe," Basil conceded and met his father's gaze. "But it will take longer to fight another war if we push them too far."
Gavin stared wide-eyed at him. 
"You have an excellent point," Adolph said. "I plan to open positions in the military to vampire and human citizens."
A general winced, "Your Majesty."
He chuckled, "Not immediately, of course, at least not for everyone. Not at least for the next year until we can get a better idea of the populace."
He looked at Basil, "I think a year is enough time to get a sense of their sentiment and encourage their loyalty to the throne."
Basil flushed, beaming with pride as Raven smiled knowingly. 
"There's also a matter I want looked into," Adolph said, "Anyone with magical ability in the area."
Raven frowned, "Wiccans?"
"Eden was a Wiccan though he was also half-vampire," Adolph sighed. "He was quite proficient in his craft. Laurel has posed the question of where he learned such magic if Wiccans are extinct as we believe."
If there was some community of Wiccans out there, they would be the best bet to figure out how to dispose of Eden's body.
Luckily, Chasel was interviewing Laurel today about what she had learned and they were still interviewing the people that had been captured. 
They adjourned for lunch and Adolph clapped Basil on the shoulder. 
"You did well, son."
Basil gave him a trembling smile before nodding and allowing Adolph to cajole him towards lunch in the military's mess hall. 

Laurel parted from Chasel a little before lunch as her stomach grumbled. Chasel chuckled as he escorted her to the dining parlor. 
"I'm told that the ladies of the castle will be taking lunch here today."
She smiled, "Thanks, Chasel."
She entered as a peal of laughter went through the room.
"Who knew he had it in him!"
"There is hope for our little nephew yet!"
Laurel tilted her head at Raven's gleeful words, "What's going on?"
"Basil disagreed with his grandfather during the meeting," Raven said proudly. "With quite a though out point."
"Maybe all the alcohol is making him smarter," Irene snarked. 
Raven swatted her shoulder, "Be nice, Irene."
She shrugged, "He's not here."
Laurel took a seat laughing and listening as lunch was served. Delia was absent. She guessed she was having lunch under Lady Helena's tutelage today. 
The scent of the food made Laurel's stomach almost roar. She was so hungry she barely waited for her plate to be set in front of her before tearing into the steak and moaning at how good it was. 
Raven watched her, shocked as Laurel ate with perfect grace and such speed that drew suspicion. She looked at Irene who seemed to be having the same thoughts. 
"Laurel, sweetheart how long have you had such an appetite?" Raven asked. "You eat like you're eating for *two.* "
Laurel looked up and froze, her eyes widened and her gaze dropped to her lap for a moment. 
Irene chuckled, "Hmm Sounds like a trip to the doctor is in order."
A murmur went around the room of shocked amusement and excitement. Laurel stood and shook her head. 
"I-I don't think-" Her stomach growled again and she flushed. 
"I think your stomach disagrees dear," Raven said gamely and nodded to her seat. "At least finish the steak, hm?"
Laurel sunk and ate a bit more slowly, contemplating the possibility. The thought filled her with warmth and a bit of fear. She and Adolph had only just been married. Were they ready for a child?
After lunch, they went to the doctor. Laurel let the woman poke and prod her a bit anxiously. 
"You're pregnant," she said flatly. "Not much of a show-er, are you?"
Laurel wasn't sure if the sound that came from her was a scream or a squeal, but she knew it was ecstatic.
###chapter 128: Plots and Announcements
She was nervous, pacing the little parlor of his rooms. While he had her things moved into the queen's rooms, she hadn't spent much time in them. She held the drafts of the birth announcements that Raven had the royal calligrapher create for them. They wouldn't be going out until the baby had arrived, but it was the best way to tell Adolph. 
"Laurel?" She stopped and turned as Adolph entered the room with a surprised expression. "What are you doing here? It's almost dinnertime."
She smiled, "I thought we could have dinner together in private."
Adolph smiled, coming closer, "Private, hm?"
His tone set a flush in her cheeks and lowered her gaze, "Yes Though I have something to tell you"
Adolph frowned, flinching as he eyed her, "What is it?"
Laurel startled, shaking her head and drawing closer, "Nothing bad. I promise. Sit down."
Adolph sunk onto the couch and she sat beside him. She set the drafts in front of him, but his eyes widened at the first one she placed in front of him. He didn't watch her set the others down as he turned to stare at her in abject shock. 
She smiled at him happily, "You can't choose one if you're-!"
Adolph pulled her close, sealing their lips together. He cupped her face gently, slipping his tongue between her lips as she smiled against his mouth and enjoyed the kiss. 
"Laurel," he said roughly. "Tell me Tell me"
"Yes," Laurel said. "I'm I'm pregnant."
His eyes seemed to water as he pulled her close again, rocking her with a little laugh. 
"You have no idea how happy I am."
She smiled, "I'm warning you in advance that I'll be eating a lot."
"You have all the steak and jam you want, darling."
She laughed and it lifted into the air above their heads, ringing through the room. His warmth and joy filled her, completely grounding her in the moment and taking her breath away. 
Her stomach growled again and he laughed, "I I should get you some more food. I'll be back."
He jumped to his feet, his eyes jumping to his feet.
She laughed, "Adolph they're bringing dinner."
"It's not coming fast enough. I'll be back."
She shook her head as he dashed towards the door and out with a laugh. She leaned back shaking her head at his antics. 

Adolph hurried to find the cart that was meant for his rooms and ran into Basil. He grinned, grabbing his son by the shoulders. 
"Dear son," Adolph said. Basil's eyes widened, shocked at his father's antics. "You will soon know the joys of being an older sibling."
Basil's eyes widened in shock and horror. He froze in place. Adolph laughed. 
"Don't worry! You won't drop the child. You'll have plenty of tutelage," He chuckled, "Besides, it's not as hard as you'd think."
The sound of a cart rolling towards them caught Basil's attention. His father said something and hurried down the hallway. Basil stood stock still and turned. The little high of having contributed to the conversation went flat and his stomach plummeted as he turned and headed back to his quarters. 
His grandfather was standing outside, looking upset. 
"Basil, I-"
"Not now, grandfather," Basil said with a groan and brushed past him. 
"Basil, you-"
He opened the door and found Delia there on his couch. Basil let out a frustrated sigh. He didn't want to deal with Delia right now, but it seemed he didn't have a choice. He sat on the couch and propped up his feet. 
A sibling. 
Basil had never wanted a sibling, never considered having one. He wished there was a bottle of alcohol, but he didn't even have the energy to order a servant to bring him one. Maybe he could just sit and disappear. Maybe if he ignored them both they'd get the hint and go away. 
"Basil!" Gavin cried and he sighed again before sitting up and looking at Gavin. 
"What is it, grandfather?"
"You- You! In the meeting, what kind of foolish-"
"I was right. You were wrong," Basil said evenly. "You're not even a real minister. Why should I have ever listened to you?"
Gavin's jaw dropped, "What What has gotten into you?"
Basil bared his teeth, "Maybe I'm tired. Maybe I'm sick and tired of you trying to control me- No. I am tired of letting you control me. It was a good idea-"
"Basil-"
"Father approved of it. Everyone else at the table agreed with me."
"You-"
"Everyone with real power and experience agreed with me."
"Basil! I will not allow you to talk to me like this after all I've done for you?"
Basil scoffed, "What do you want, grandfather? What did you come here to talk to me about?"
Gavin stammered, unable to fathom what had happened that Basil would speak to him like this, but he cleared his throat. 
"You should have spoken to me in private first, Basil. Have I not guided you all this time?"
"No," Basil said, shaking his head. "You've controlled me all this time. I should have listened to Laura all those times she said you were just looking to use me."
Delia flinched, "Laura-"
"I don't want to talk to you either, Delia," he said through gritted teeth. "Not about Laura. Not about the baby. Not about anything. I would like to be left alone, but I can't seem to find any peace. Not even in my apartments!"
He glared at them both, "Am I the crown prince or some commoner that you can just barge into my rooms like this?"
Delia looked up at him, "I'm your wife, alpha."
Basil rolled his eyes at her and she gasped. He looked at Gavin. 
"And what's your excuse, grandfather?"
"What baby?"
"Laurel is pregnant. Father is ecstatic," Basil hissed. "Now, if you would both get out!"
Delia stood quickly and left. Gavin stumbled after her. Basil closed the door in his face.  
Gavin heard Delia hurrying down the hall to her rooms, but he stood in the hallway shocked at Basil's words. Of course, he was right, but he hadn't expected his oh-so trusting grandson to notice. 
And he had never expected Adolph's new wife to be pregnant so soon after they were married. It took months before Olivia had fallen pregnant. He grunted. He supposed the frequency at which they had sex made all the difference. 
This wouldn't do at all for his plans. If they had a child, the child would have a more legitimate claim to the throne than Basil. The little bit of power he had through Basil would vanish, and as soon as that child was born, his ceremonial position would be tenuous at best. 
He was already barely avoiding being confined to his estate because his position allowed him to attend all meetings of state and he was still under constant observation. 
The knight who was assigned to him stood at the end of the hall, watching him quietly. 
Laurel could not carry that child to term, though it would be best if she were dead or rendered unable to ever bear children again. He turned down the hallway. Basil was upset now because of the news, but when he was on the throne, he would turn to Gavin for help. 
He'd been playing too lightly all this time, it seemed. With all these changes happening, it was best to step up his game. He needed Laurel and her unborn spawn dead. He needed Adolph off the throne and to get Basil on it long before he had a chance to think much more. 
The only question was how he was going to accomplish all of that with so few allies.

Delia closed the door behind her and screamed, shoving over the bedside table so it clattered to the floor. That little bitch had managed to get pregnant far quicker than Delia had anticipated. She should have listened to Eden back when Basil was fully under the spell and gotten pregnant to secure her position. 
She wouldn't have half a chance if Laurel had her child. Those nobles knew enough about the Raymond family's traditions to be trusted. 
What was she going to do? 
If Eden was here, she would have an idea, some direction, but she was alone and all she could do was think. 
She had a small advantage that Laurel was trying to teach her to write. If perhaps she used their meetings to her advantage and lured her into trusting her a bit more, then maybe she would have a chance to get rid of her secrecy. 
She shook her head. If Adolph knew that she was pregnant, he'd be even more protective of her than ever. She wouldn't be able to step foot out of their rooms without some sort of escort. Delia chewed her nails and sunk onto the couch, rocking and trying to come up with a plan. 
She had to get rid of Laurel. *Fast.*
###chapter 129: Anxiety
*The scent of blood filled his nose, seeping under the doors.* *Cries of agony and fear filled the air. He ran through the door to find Laurel in her birthing bed, growing paler by the moment, reaching for him with a trembling pale hand.* *Servants rushed around in a flurry, screaming for towels.* *The healer looked harried and he felt their bond trembling.*
*It shook, strained, and stretched until he felt it about to break.* 
"Laurel!" Adolph cried, sitting up in bed. He was alone in bed and it only made his heart run faster. He threw off his blankets and jumped from the bed. 
"Laurel?" Adolph called, entering the bathroom. Laurel flinched, looking up at him from in the bathtub, her body obscured by the layer of bubbles on top.
Her face turned bright red, "A-Adolph, what's wrong?"
He shuddered, slumping back against the wall before crossing the room in quick strides. He fell to his knees beside the tub and pulled her close to press their lips together. She gasped as he pulled her against him, cupping the back of her head gently as he trembled. 
Fear screamed along their bond, the remnants of some nightmare that had awakened him. He didn't speak for a long time, simply holding her close. Had he dreamed of a battlefield? Had he dreamed of something worse than that? 
"Adolph?" Laurel asked, "Are you okay?"
He nodded shakily and drew back, licking his lips before pressing a kiss to her forehead, "I-I will be. Forgive me for interrupting your bath."
Laurel frowned, "It's okay. Won't you tell me what's wrong?"
Adolph shook his head, "I'm okay. I'll Later. We'll talk about it later."
She nodded hesitantly as he kissed her once more and left with a lingering touch. She stared after him in worry. She heard him leave the chamber before rinsing the suds from her hair and getting out of the tub to follow. 

Adolph pulled on a tunic and a pair of pants before walking quickly out of the king's chambers and down the stairs. The dream, the nightmare, had been too real to ignore. Olivia had died bringing Basil into the world. Maybe he was just being anxious about it because he knew that. Maybe it was a warning from the moon goddess. He wasn't sure, but the nervous, anxious energy in him wouldn't settle. His heart had calmed upon seeing her, but he was still shaking. 
He hurried down the steps and out the ballroom's doors onto the path that led to the temple. The site had been cleaned up since the attack and he felt the peace wash over him, stilling his shaking as he walked up the steps of the temple to sit on the steps. He hadn't meant to sleep so long. He had been more exhausted than he'd first imagined if it was so dark already. 
The stars twinkled around the waning moon and he breathed out. 
"Blessed moon who defends the night," he murmured, starting the old prayer he'd learned when he was just a boy. "I ask you for guidance. If you find me worthy, hear my concerns and grant me peace"
He tried to find the rest of the words, a way to explain his concerns. There was so much that had changed. The future of the kingdom had once been so clear, yet now, it seemed so complicated. 
"Hey."
He turned his head to see Laurel, mostly dried and wrapped in a thick dressing gown and cloak. He leaped to his feet and went to her.
"You shouldn't be out here like this."
She reached up, cupping his face, "Can it be later now?"
He swallowed thickly and pulled her close, turning his head to breathe in her scent. He drew the hood of the cloak over her head and pulled it tighter around her before walking back to the temple steps. He walked into the building and sat beside the altar, settling her in his lap carefully, using his body heat to protect her from the cool night. 
"Perhaps we could add midnight prayers to our line-up," Laurel said softly. 
He chuckled a bit, "Not as exciting as midnight balls or picnics though."
"That's okay," Laurel said, "I think we've had enough excitement, don't you?"
He winced thinking about Eden's body. He'd had Eden placed in the deepest dungeon near where Tina was spending the rest of her wretched life and instructed the guards to try everything they could manage to sever his head or burn him. 
He was meant to hear their report soon, but he had a feeling that he wouldn't be able to wait that long to hear it. 
His stomach rumbled and she chuckled, "I think perhaps we should indulge a bit in at least a midnight kitchen raid, hm?"
He smiled and nodded, standing with her in his arms easily and carrying her back inside the castle. His heart had eased a bit, his mind cleared enough to speak. 
"A nightmare," Adolph said. "Or maybe a vision."
Laurel frowned. 
"I told you that the Raymond family had close ties to the temple As twins, Raven and I have a different connection to the goddess as well."
Laurel nodded, "She's a black wolf too, isn't she?"
"She is Though where my eyes are of blood, hers are of moonlight."
Raven could have been a priestess as well if things had been different, but Adolph had a bit of the foresight that was said to be reserved for priestesses. It made him nervous growing up, never knowing if his dreams were flashes of the future or not, especially when they were nightmares. 
Laurel swallowed, "I'm sorry Will you tell me what you saw?"
"No," Adolph said, "Because I don't know if it was a vision or not."
Laurel licked her lips, "... it was about me, wasn't it?"
He pressed a kiss to her head as they neared the door to the kitchens. It was quiet inside. The staff had all gone to sleep for the night. He set her down on a stool near the preparation table before wandering around the kitchen to grab things to eat. Cool cuts of meat and bread filled a platter, fruit, and jam before he settled down to sit near her. 
"Laurel," he said. "I need you to do something for me."
"Anything," she said, kindly, taking his hand. 
"Cut back on your duties."
Laurel froze, flinching at his words. A spike of indignation went through her. Did he not think she could handle it, but she kept those words to herself. They were ridiculous. 
"Is this about the promise and the honeymoon?"
"It's about the baby," Adolph said. Her heart clenched as she realized what he must have seen. "I I need you to take care of yourself. Lean on the people around you Lean on me, for both of your sake's."
*For his sake, too.* 
She squeezed his hand and smiled, "Okay. I promise."


They went back to sleep after finishing their little meal, curled together in the large bed. Laurel woke up alone the next morning and determined to follow through on her word. She called a meeting with Raven, Irene, and the others, adding Delia at the last moment though she was a bit reluctant. 
She couldn't ignore the fact that Delia was Basil's wife and when Laurel stepped down from her position or died, Delia could very well become the next luna. She needed to start somewhere. 
"What's wrong?" Raven asked, her keen eyes seeing more than Laurel had hoped she would. 
Delia sat quietly, arms crossed and her expression blank. Laurel hadn't expected anything different. 
"There's nothing wrong," Laurel said. "His Majesty and I have come to an agreement about me stepping back from my duties a bit until the baby is born due to all the excitement lately."
Raven smiled, relieved to hear it, "I'm glad you two worked that out."
"As such, I've divided up the more demanding parts of my duties and will be assigning them to you if you're agreeable," Laurel picked up her list. 
"Of course," Irene said, "What else are we here for as courtiers than to support you?"
Laurel smiled and began to read out the breakouts. She trusted the women of Adolph's family with the bigger tasks that require constant supervision and authority. She would have the final say on quite a few things, but the day-to-day of it would be handled by them. She reached the end of the list and watched Delia's cheeks turn red. 
"What did you call me in here for?" Delia asked, glowering at her. "To rub it in my face?"
Laurel gave her a small smile, "I have a different task for you that will fit around your schedule with Lady Helena a bit better."
Delia's eyes widened in shock and apprehension. 
"I'm putting you over the expansion of the orchard under Maria's oversight."
Delia wanted to refuse, but she clenched her jaw and hissed, "As you wish."
###chapter 130: The Undying Dead
Adolph couldn't wait for the report. He left the bed as soon as he woke up, tucked Laurel back in, dressed, and hurried out. He snagged a quick breakfast on his way to the entrance to the dungeons. The guards saluted him as he passed and told him that the guards he'd placed over Eden were still down in the depths of the dungeons. 
He ran into them on the steps. They seemed shocked but saluted. 
"Sir, would you prefer our report now or to see it for yourself?"
Adolph took a deep breath, centering his calm and nodding towards the lower levels, "Show me."
They nodded, turned around, and led the way down the steps. They rounded the corner to where two other guards were. They saluted and opened the heavy gates. Once upon a time, the Raymond family held various types of people in the dungeons. He was half certain that this cell had been designed for a vampire prisoner. 
Lying in the middle of the room, still and pale as if he was simply sleeping was Eden's body. His clothing and armor were unharmed. The blood on the floor seemed dried up. 
"The body has stopped bleeding. We can't tell if that's because there is no more blood or if the wounds are healing."
Adolph approached and crouched beside the body. He heard nothing coming from his chest and looked into the mess of bloodied cloth from where Adolph had shoved his sword through him. 
The cloth seemed dried. He reached out and found his body warm to touch. He clenched his jaw and pulled the armor apart, seeing the place where the wound had been perfectly closed. 
"How did you do that?" One of them asked, "W-We haven't been able to even touch him."
Adolph looked down at the body with a frustrated sigh. It could have been because of his connection to the moon goddess. Laurel told him that Morrigan Ash had been Eden's mother. 
Eden's words as he lay dying rang through his mind, *The darkness a long time ago* *They called it ash after the remains of a fire?*
He drew his sword and aimed to stab the body through the heat. The blade creaked and groaned against an invisible shield before shattering in his hand. 
"By the moon" someone gasped nearby. 
He clenched his jaw. How could a half-human cause so much trouble in life and death? Would he ever feel at peace? He shook his head, as long as Eden's body remained whole, he wouldn't. 
The body shifted. Eden's chest rose as if he was breathing, but did not move otherwise. 
"Keep an eye on him. He is not to be left without surveillance under any circumstance."
"Of course, my king."
Adolph swept from the room, making a note to speak with the priestesses about Eden's connection to the mural at the temple and everything else that has happened. He'd mentioned it as he was dying; there had to be an answer in the story somewhere. 
"Your Majesty," Chasel called from down the hallway, "So glad I've found you."
Chasel fell into step with him, "What have you found from the interrogations?"
Chasel sighed, "Well, Your Majesty, it's the strangest thing They aren't at all like the vampires we faced on the border"
"Meaning?"
Chasel held up a long scroll, "They were very forthcoming with information about Eden, their movements, and anything else we asked."
"Are you sure they were telling the truth?"
"I'm organizing a brief for the border forces to investigate."
"What about the werewolves who attacked the ceremony?"
He shook his head, "Nothing from them, but the vampires were forthcoming about what they knew about them identifying them even."
He stopped and looked at him, "What do you mean, identifying them?"
"Names, packs, descriptions, and who they were under." Chasel said, "That information came from the werewolves on Eden's side. I honestly have no idea what to make of it all."
They walked to Adolph's office to speak. The survivors of the Gray Ash Pack had more information about how Morrigan used the werewolves who were within her lands than anything else. His stomach turned at the thought of the torture they'd been subject to. Noah Jenkins had been the only man who survived from the ten men who were taken from Adolph's first excursion. 
The blood reservoir inside the castle that helped keep the city and the citadel hidden had been fed by werewolves for several decades at this point, which was part of the reason that the castle's defenses didn't recognize werewolves in their wolf forms. 
The half-vampires were refugees from several breeding camps Morrigan had set up in an attempt to breed an army that could fight werewolves during the day. The vampires they'd captured had once been under other generals who had been killed by Eden in various ways and flocked to Eden's equalitarian vision for the vampire lands. 
That vision had extended beyond his lands into the werewolf kingdom in response to the way humans were nearly classified as second-class citizens in some parts of the werewolf kingdom. 
The critique stung a bit. Even Adolph could admit some prejudice towards humans, always in need of protecting and contributing very little outside of their numbers. It wasn't as extreme as Morrigan's division of her populace, but he could see how humans could be resentful of his rule. 
Humans had never had their lands, always existing under the rule of vampires and werewolves. If there were truly human villages, they were in the neutral zone and they likely hired supernatural beings at a premium to defend them. 
"The Wiccan Alliance-"
"The what?" Adolph groaned. 
Chasel gave him a little smile, "The Wiccan Alliance borders the vampire lands on the other side." 
Adolph shook his head, "That can't be right. There's nothing but rock and cliffs on that side of their lands."
Chasel sighed, "How many times had we walked past the castle thinking it was just another cliff?"
Adolph groaned and waved him on, "You're right. Continue."
"They share a border with the neutral zone, but not with the werewolf kingdom. If you annex the vampire's lands, you'll have to speak with them I couldn't find out how connected Eden is to the Wiccan alliance, but based on his power"
How did Eden learn magic? Laurel had asked. It had been rhetorical, but he would have to tell her that she was right and ask her what else Eden had told her about where he came from and what they should expect. 
"We'll concern ourselves with the Wiccan Alliance and whoever else is attached to this nonsense after the sentences have been passed." He rubbed his head. "Can you tell me what the goal was overall?"
"Eden's forces were under the impression that they would be taking over the vampire's lands"
"And kidnapping Laurel?"
"An angle to drive you insane"
Adolph froze, narrowing his gaze at Chasel. 
"What does that mean?"
He winced, "This bit came from Luna Laurel."
"What?"
"Eden" Chasel sighed. "Eden told her the truth about the blood aura."
He winced, "What does she know exactly?"
Chasel swallowed thickly, "She knows that the blood aura is something that vampires can't smell, though werewolves can and I am certain she realizes that the danger of you falling over the edge is an ever-present one."
Adolph chuckled, thinking it insane. If he was right, Laurel had probably already started to suspect that he had already been over the edge and barely dragged himself back.  According to Chasel, the plan had been to simply let Adolph's anxiety about their bond drive him insane, leading the ministers, those who would have been remaining, to declare him unfit. They would have rehired their old colleagues and installed Basil on the throne as a puppet. 
And Laurel Devoted Laurel, the perfect luna to have at his side
"He was going to maneuver Laurel into the position to marry him for peace," Adolph said finally. 
Chasel nodded, "I have to admit it's an elegant plan."
Adolph grit his teeth, "It is He knows the weaknesses of my kingdom What about the poisoning attempt?"
He shook his head, "No information on that. I can only imagine that it came through another general to their operative inside the palace."
"And no information about who that might be?"
"No."
Adolph grit his teeth, "They'll show themselves soon or fade into nothing. For now, we have a formal civil hearing for the werewolves who were citizens and attacked the wedding Alert Basil that he will be sitting in on and aiding in sentencing."
Chasel nodded, "And the others?"
"I will think on it."
Based on the information that they were given, he couldn't charge the werewolves of Eden's forces with outright treason. They had been abandoned by the throne first, after all. An ancestor would have sentenced them all to die, but the situation was too complicated and Laurel would plead for leniency. 
The werewolves who had made a mess of their wedding were something different.
By the evening, Chasel had organized the formal sentencing in the throne room. Basil sat almost sullenly at his side, but mostly sober. Laurel sat to his left as they were brought in. None of them looked penitent. 
"In another life," Adolph began. "I would have called for your heads."
They looked spooked, likely thinking of their leader. 
"But this is a new age and there has been much bloodshed," Adolph said. "You are charged with criminal conspiracy against the throne. As you were all banished from your birth packs and found trouble beyond my borders, you will spend the next fifty years in the mines at the edge of my kingdom in service."
They flinched. 
"It is as much mercy as I am inclined to give you. Ready them for transport and tell the guards of the prison mines that if they show even a hint of disobedience they are to be killed without question."
Basil looked queasy, but he said nothing. He glanced at Laurel for a moment, but her eyes were hard and staring ahead as a guard came into the throne room. 
"Your Majesties," he greeted with a bow. 
"What is it?" Adolph asked. 
"An envoy is here," he said with a grimace. "From the Wiccan Alliance."
Adolph tightened his grip on Laurel's hand just a bit before sighing, "Allow them in."

###chapter 131: Taleisin
The door opened with a loud creak that seemed more ominous than it had ever been before. The man at the front of the procession was much older than Adolph, looking to be old enough to be Adolph's grandfather. His robes almost sparkled on his shoulders as they rustled around him. He walked with a tall staff that was just a bit taller than he was, crowned with a glowing collection of gems. He came with six others all dressed in long white robes, hooded and quiet around him. Each of the six carried a box. 
Her stomach churned. There was something deeply otherworldly about them. Their presence filled the halls with a warm energy that Laurel could almost taste. It made her think of the temple, but it felt different than that. 
The old man had a smile on his face but Laurel didn't feel any more relaxed.
Neither did Adolph. 
It wasn't that the man seemed threatening, but he didn't know anything about Wiccans and their motivations. Eden was the son of the vampire queen and a Wiccan, which meant they had to have some sort of relationship. Would they be resentful of the change in power? Were they here to claim part of the vampire's old lands? There were just too many questions to be at ease. 
The werewolf kingdom lost contact with Wiccans centuries ago. Knowing now that there were magical barriers that could obscure the presence of whole castles and cities made them even more dangerous than before. 
Had they come with more than just the seven that appeared in court? How had they known so quickly about the fall of the kingdom?
The man's eyes sparkled, "Long-awaited has it been to see the black and white wolf seated on the throne of the moon."
Laurel stiffened, staring at the man in shock and horror. How had he known that she was the white wolf? 
For his part, Adolph had never heard the throne of the werewolf kingdom be called the throne of the moon, but it felt right. But if the werewolf kingdom was the throne of the moon, then what of vampires? What of the Wiccans? His mind started to ache at the thought and the potential for yet another war. 
Though the battle with Eden had been short-lived and with very few casualties, he had no desire to start another fight when he still had to deal with the treachery that lurked in his kingdom. 
After all, they still weren't sure who tried to poison him and Laurel, and if Laura had been murdered, they still had to find out why and by who. 
The ex-ministers still had to be dealt with and all the other corruption that had been festering in the kingdom needed to be killed as soon as possible. 
Another war had to be avoided at all costs, yet depending on what they had to say, he didn't think it was possible.
"Have we met before?" Adolph asked, calmly. "On a battlefield?"
The man chuckled, "Forgive me, my name is Taliesin, I am the head of the Wiccan Alliance. No, Your Majesty, we have not met before, but your coming and that of your wife and mate have long since been foretold. Surely the old depictions of the goddess' temple have remained legible all this time?"
Adolph regarded Taleisin. There was a warm air around him, familiar, and a bit like the temple grounds, but his heart and wolf were still against relaxing. The man and his caravan were unknown to him and potentially dangerous if they wielded the same power Eden had. 
"Yes, they have," Adolph said. "What brings you here?"
"We have heard of the fall of the vampire queen, Morrigan, as well as her death," he smiled. "We have an interest in your plans for the lands, its citizens, and all those that reside within its borders as well as relations between us."
Adolph lifted his head, "If you are asking for a piece of the lands conquered, I would ask what you have done to warrant such a thing."
Taliesin laughed, "We have no need for the lands. Though we are glad that the curse can be lifted."
Laurel frowned. What curse? Did it have something to do with Eden's last words?
"What is this curse you're speaking of?" Laurel asked. 
"The curse of Ash," Taliesin said. "Of darkness and decay."
Laurel frowned listening to the man explain. Long ago, when Morrigan first ascended to her throne, a Wiccan cursed the land in retaliation for her cruelty. It was a death curse, sealed with the Wiccan's death.
"How then will the curse be lifted?"
He smiled, his eyes twinkling, "I believe those details will have to wait until we're a bit more friendly with each other. After all, the Wiccan Alliance and the throne of the moon have not interacted in over five-hundred years."
Adolph tilted his head at the bit of derision in his tone, "What is it that you want?"
"The Wiccan Alliance has lost much to Morrigan's ambitions since the beginning of her reign," his eyes turned dark with grief. "Sons, daughters husbands, and wives. We only want them to be able to return home without issue. To your other point, I would think that Eden's orchestration of Morrigan's downfall is enough of a contribution on the Wiccan Alliance's behalf to warrant such a small request."
Adolph lifted his chin, "Eden You know him personally?"
"Of course."
"I regret to inform you that I know of only one Eden, a vampire, and he was killed in the last hours of the battle."
The group froze. Taleisin's warmth vanished and turned cold. 
"What?"
Adolph eyed him, as the guards in the room stiffened, preparing for a fight. 
"The vampire known as Eden-"
"He was only half-vampire and you-" He grit his teeth. "Eden led you to your enemy, gave you the keys to your victory and you have struck him down, for what?"
His face turned red, furious, and seething. The jewel on his chest plate began to glow and a sharp bright scent filled the air. Laurel's heart lurched with fear as she felt the air warm. Adolph stilled beside her, tensing as the entire court seemed on edge. 
"Whatever Eden has told you, is a lie," Adolph said calmly. "He had no interest in your interests in the vampire nations. He kidnapped my wife and mounted an attack on my camp. He is an enemy."
"Adolph-" Laurel tried, squeezing his hand. 
"Black Wolf," Taleisin hissed. "Do not speak to me of lies and allegiances when you have such a debt to the man you have killed! You think your wars with Morrigan are the worst of her doings? You think she has only just terrorized you for the past two generations, but you are wrong! That woman's evil has done more damage to Wiccan kind than werewolves will ever know. For you to turn your back on that fact and kill your savior! To disgrace the sacred gifts you have been given! Goddess-Blessed, indeed!"
"You will watch your tone when you address His Majesty, old man," Chasel growled, stepping forward. 
Taliesin turned on him, his face flushed with fury and his eyes flashing like lightning. 
"He is little more than a beast for murdering my heir and claiming such nonsense! Eden would never attack without reason. You must have done something!"
Laurel's eyes widened as his voice thundered through the hall. His eyes glimmering with tears and pain. His caravan seemed furious as well. 
Adolph growled, "Ready a counter-Laurel?"
Laurel stood, slipping out of Adolph's grip on her hand and descending the steps. 
Taleisin's eyes turned to her, "And you? White Wolf, will you stand behind these ridiculous lies-?" He broke off as she removed the necklace from her pocket, holding it between them so that he could see it. The sparking red light halted, trembled, and vanished into a cloud of sparkles as the caravan all turned their gazes to the necklace in Laurel's hands. "Impossible" Someone gasped. 
Taliesin stepped forward with a trembling hand. His eyes were glossy with tears as the lightning began to fade. 
Adolph darted down the stairs, drawing his sword but Laurel lifted a hand, extending the necklace to Taleisin. His eyes didn't even dart to look at Adolph, transfixed on the necklace. The stormy energy around him began to fade as he drew closer, barely grazing his fingertips over the gold of the necklace before tears streamed down his face. He dropped the staff in his hand as his jaw trembled and his shoulders slumped in defeat. 
"H-How did this come into your possession, white wolf?"
"Eden gave it to me," Laurel said. He met her gaze and sniffled, shaking his head and lifting a hand. The rest of the caravan relaxed, seemingly subdued and the heaving danger died down in the room as she placed the necklace in his hands. 
"T-Tell me, child. What happened." Taliesin looked into her eyes. "Where is my grandson?"
###chapter 132: Grandson
*Grandson?*
Eden had never mentioned having any family. Had he known that Taleisin was his grandson? And the Wiccan who cursed the lands, had that been Eden's father? The grief in the man's eyes as he told the story made her think that was the case. 
"He would not have parted with such a thing unwillingly" Taliesin said, "P-Please tell me what happened to Eden?"
Adolph seemed tense beside her. She glanced at him with a little nod and he relaxed just enough to remain where he was, though his hand still rested on his sword. 
"Eden pretended to serve the vampire queen," Laurel said calmly. "He killed most of her generals and orchestrated an attack on the main castle. He did kidnap me from the imperial city to lure Adolph into the vampire lands. He said he was using me as leverage He also said that he'd planned to allow Adolph to fall into a rogue state from our separation."
Taliesin shook his head, "Of course The curse of a blood aura"
Adolph stiffened. He wanted to keep her from telling the man anything more, but Laurel continued. 
"Adolph said that he drank from the vampire queen Adolph escaped and we rushed back to the camp on the border. He followed and attacked."
Taliesin seemed troubled but she went on. 
"He seemed out of it a bit. Not himself, until Adolph plunged his sword into his chest."
Taliesin shuddered, shaking his head, "I I understand"
"Then, he gave me this and asked that Annwn be spared."
His eyes widened, "Annwn"
He frowned and Laurel looked up at him, "You were not aware of Annwn?"
He shook his head, "He was my heir in every sense of the word, but he did not share his plan with me I have known for a long time that it was a foolish hope."
Taliesin grimaced, turning away from her and leaning down to pick up his staff. 
"Eden's father died in Morrigan's castle. Eden, too, would have died there if things had been different," He shook his head. "When he found his way to me as a young man, I pleaded with him to stay. I told him that his father's death wasn't something we could undo. Morrigan's evil had taken too much of us and we retreated behind our defenses allowing her to resume her reign of terror."
"How cowardly," Adolph said, stiffly. "And you call me a disgrace."
Taliesin glared at Adolph, "Morrigan's evil corrupted and stole more than you can ever imagine More than we thought could ever be regained until Eden returned to us A true daywalker."
"A daywalker?" Laurel asked. 
"Vampires and werewolves are children of the lunar goddess-"
"Blasphemy!" Someone cried, "The goddess would never-"
"Quiet," Laurel said, glaring at the man who spoke. He clenched his jaw and seethed quietly. 
"Wiccans are children of the sun," he continued. "Morrigan heard of a prophecy about a child who could walk between the two worlds with ease, who might unite them and sought to have that child and control them Eden had several siblings before Morrigan sunk her claws into my son."
He sighed, "It was meant to be a peace mission. A chance to establish trade and promote prosperity, to stop the war between us, but it did not work."
Taleisin's son fell for Morrigan's deception and agreed to marry him. When she fell pregnant and Eden was born, she waited and watched his development as much as he could be useful, but she did not believe him to be the one, so sure that the prophesied one had to be a daughter so that Morrigan could control her through her bloodline. 
"She killed my son and attempted to kill Eden, throwing them in the blood reservoirs that flow through Ash castle and feeding the stones that form the barrier."
"Your son cursed the land."
He nodded, "But Eden was to be the curse's undoing" He sighed. "I am proud that he went after that witch. I am proud that he did what he thought was right, though I was against it."
The pain in his eyes told Laurel enough of what he didn't say.  He'd been against it because he knew Eden would either fail or die trying.
"He was truly the end of her terror, but I knew since he came to us that he would die in his attempt."
"How?"
"The vision of a Wiccan is a funny thing. We are given glimpses of our death. Eden told me before he left about the vision he had," Taliesin turned to Adolph, "Of a man crowned in golden-red light, cloaked in dawn with burning red eyes impaling him and a young woman with green eyes and a crown of moonlight."
Laurel's eyes widened as he sighed, "I had hoped that it wasn't true, but I I cannot argue with your words."
He turned, "Forgive our intrusion and the disturbance we caused. We will return to our lands."
"What about the curse?" Adolph asked. 
"What about Eden?"
Taliesin chuckled wryly, "Even as powerful as I am, I could not separate Eden's ashes from the wind."
"Eden wasn't burned," Laurel said.
"Laurel-"
Taliesin frowned, "What do you mean?"
"We tried," Laurel admitted, "Multiple times. We've tried everything that would work on a dead body, but he is unchanged and unharmed"
Taleisin's eyes widened, "What How?"
"Even the wound is closed," Laurel said, meeting his gaze. "We don't know what it means. Magic has been lost to the werewolf kingdom for centuries What do we do with him?"
Taliesin narrowed his eyes at her, seemingly trying to parse out the truth as Adolph took her hand and squeezed her hand. The rest of a caravan began to murmur with a little bit of hope. 
"He gave you that necklace?" "Yes."
"And you cannot destroy his body?"
"We will find a way," Adolph said, tersely. 
"Adolph," Laurel said, "Must you?"
"He kidnapped you and plotted to kill me," Adolph said. "He is the son of that evil woman. As long as he is alive, he is a threat to you."
*To us.* 
Laurel squeezed his hand, looking up at him, "I don't believe that's true."
Adolph's jaw clenched, jealousy and anger stirring in his heart. What did that mean? How could he not be a threat to them and their unborn child?
"If Eden wanted to kill you, he would have," Laurel said. "But he didn't."
"Because I killed him first." "Eden wielded lightning and magic," Laurel said. "And he had every opportunity in all this time to kill you."
"The poisoned food? The poison attempt?"
"Neither worked," Laurel said. "He managed to kill several vampire generals who you and the army couldn't. He could have found a way if that was his goal."
Adolph couldn't argue with that and it burned even more that his death had been worked in as an aftereffect of his plot, a death of convenience rather than malice.
"I don't know what his full plan was," Taliesin said, "I can only say that if you cannot destroy his body, it is not the goddess' will for him to die."
Laurel looked at him, "Would you like to see him?"
His eyes grew hopeful, "Yes, I-"
"No!" Adolph growled, pulling Laurel closer to him. "He tried to kidnap my wife and you think for a moment I would allow his allies to see him when I have no idea how to kill him?"
Laurel sighed, "Adolph, don't you think you're overreacting?"
Adolph pulled her closer, his eyes flashing protectively.
Taliesin looked between them and smiled. Eden had truly offended Adolph on some deep level. Had he loved Laurel and his plan had changed to encompass her? Had she been the reason for his death ultimately or had it always been ordained that Eden would meet Adolph on the battlefield and fall?
He didn't know and he might never know. 
"Your Majesty," Taliesin said, "If your methods have failed you, only magic remains. If Eden will wake up and remain impervious to your attempts on his life, would it not be better to be rid of him if possible?"
Adolph glared at him, "I will stab him through the heart every day if I have to."
"Your sword broke," Laurel said, looking up at him, "PLease, Adolph, be reasonable. Will you feel calm knowing Eden could wake up at any minute inside the castle?"
"He's in the dungeons." "I don't think our dungeons are equipped to deal with Wiccans.," Laurel said. 
Taliesin smiled, his eyes twinkling, "Though if you wish, I would be happy to negotiate services to be rendered As I said we also came to establish a relationship with you."
Adolph grit his teeth and glared around the group, "Only you may go You will leave your staff and whatever other magical instrument you have behind. The rest of them will be sequestered in guest rooms, their magical instruments will be surrendered until you leave. I will not negotiate further."
Taliesin offered his staff, "By the moon and sun, we will do as you ask."

###chapter 133: Leverage
He couldn't say that he had hoped that the Wiccans would refuse to give up their magical instruments, but he had. It would have made it easier to deny the chance that Taliesin might try to liberate Eden when they went to the dungeons. He left Laurel with Chasel in the throne room, speaking with Raven and the others about the unexpected development of the Wiccans' arrival. 
The path to the depths of the dungeons was familiar at this point. 
"I am surprised that they have withstood the test of time so well."
Adolph turned his head as Taliesin stopped, placing a hand on the stone wall. A weak light came from within the stone in large circles of a script that had Adolph growing uneasy. 
"What do you mean by that?"
"Wiccans had a hand in building both Ash and Crystal castle Though the magic in Crystal castle is much weaker due to how long it's been since Wiccans and werewolves have been in contact."
Adolph eyed him, "For what reason have Wiccans been in hiding all this time? Something tells me that Morrigan isn't just to blame."
His lips twitched, "Do you know why it's called Crystal castle?"
Adolph eyed him. He had never asked and no one had ever mentioned it. 
"Crystal would have been your ancestor had things been different," Taliesin said. "But the first Raymond king was under pressure to marry one of his own though Crystal, a Wiccan, had been instrumental in caving the kingdom out of the wild after parting from the vampires. He named it in her honor, though she refused to forgive him."
Adolph winced. He wasn't sure if he could believe the man's story, but he had no way of refuting it. 
"She never finished the protections," Taliesin said. "I imagine your mother and father would still be alive if she had."
"What do you know of my mother?" Adolph asked stiffly. 
"Was she not killed by a traitor and your father driven to the edges of sanity by her death?" Adolph eyed him, glaring at him. Taliesin smiled, "I can see that I have hit a nerve as your queen is very much in danger."
"Is that a threat?" Adolph asked. 
"It is simply a warning," Taliesin said, "And I assure you that the danger you know to be here has not simply just arrived."
Adolph stalked forward and pushed open a gate, "This way."
Taliesin nodded and proceeded him, walking through the gate, past Tina who barely stirred as they passed. 
Two guards looked up, turning on them. 
"Stand down," Adolph said gently. They saluted and stepped aside. Adolph offered his hand for the key to Eden's cell. 
The first guard gave him the key and he unlocked the door. The air inside had grown warmer since the last time he'd been down here. Taliesin gasped before Adolph looked in and gritted his teeth. Arcs of moon and sunlight traveled around Eden's body as he hovered just a few feet off the ground. 
The blood that had stained his clothing was gone. His armor had vanished leaving him in a plain blouse and breeches. He was barefoot and unmoving. Aside from the moving light, he could have just been sleeping.
Adolph watched Taliesin approach Eden slowly, on guard and ready to either kill the old man or lock them both inside as Taliesin kneeled beside Eden's body. His hand didn't pass through the arc of light that seemed to grow solid as his hand approached. 
"Well?" Adolph asked. 
Taliesin shook his head, "He is still alive miraculously. Healing. His mind and magical soul are still active but he is trapped in this state."
"What does that mean?"
Taliesin shook his head, "He may wake up. He may not. But if he crossed over into the realm of death, if he comes back he will not be the same person as he had been before. Death, even temporary deaths, has a way of changing people"
Taliesin sighed, "It is troubling, yet I cannot help but be relieved that the gods seem to still have a task for him."
"What sort of task?" Adolph asked. "If he wakes, I plan to kill him."
Taliesin nodded, "Of that, I have no doubts, but I will say it will likely be impossible."
Adolph wasn't sure what pissed him off more: the thought that Eden had survived or Taleisin's tone of finality when he said it. 
"Headstrong child," Taliesin said softly. "If only you had just waited. You knew as well as I did that her reign would come to an end without your interference."
Adolph watched Taleisin reach for Eden's head, his hand passed through the light and stroked Eden's head. 
"Though it has never been in your nature to allow suffering." Adolph frowned watching them. 
Was it possible that Eden could hear him? Were they communicating?
"Annwn is a good name, but it will not have true sun, nor will any of the land bloom without you Say what you must to the gods and wake, soon, won't you?"
Taleisin's voice trembled and cracked, "Ha-Haven't you worried this old man enough? Won't you just come home?"
Adolph turned his head, not wanting to see this. He'd been prepared to kill Taleisin and Eden. It was easier to see Eden as just another evil, just as evil as Morrigan. Hearing Taleisin trying to smother his grief and tears made Adolph's stomach churn uncomfortably. 
Was he being unreasonable about Eden?
He had been under Morrigan's control and orders, yet he was after her downfall. Was he the enemy of his enemy and thus a potential ally or just another enemy?
His wolf growled, furious and offended by the thoughts. 
Anyone who threatened his mate, anyone who tried to take her from them was an enemy. 
Did that include Basil?
He winced at the thought. He couldn't consider Basil his enemy. He was his son no matter how he felt about Laurel.
Taliesin stood after a few more moments and turned to him. 
"I understand that you will likely refuse my request, but as his grandfather and elder I will make it anyway."
Adolph crossed his arms, not looking directly at the man, "You want to take him back with you."
"Yes."
Adolph scoffed, "Never."
Taliesin said nothing the entire walk back to the upper levels. They returned to the throne room to find Laurel with the others. She looked between the two of them and came to him cautiously. 
"Can I talk to you for a moment?"
Adolph frowned and nodded, allowing her to pull him out of the throne room and down the hallway to a parlor nearby. His stomach clenched as he knew at least part of what she was going to say. 
"Laurel, he conspired to bring down the werewolf kingdom. He is an enemy."
Laurel met his gaze, "You attacked him before you knew any of that for no reason."
"He was" Adolph scoffed, "Why are you bringing that moment of lack of rationality up now?"
"Because you're acting the same way now," Laurel said. 
"How?" He threw up his hands, "It would seem to me that you are defending him unnecessarily."
Laurel met his gaze and she sighed, drawing closer to him, cupping his jaw and taking his hand. Adolph gasped as she placed his hand on her stomach. There was no bump there, but they both knew that it would only be a matter of time. 
"You'd want someone you perceive to be an enemy in a dungeon that he could likely break out of easily with the baby on the way?"
Adolph grit his teeth, "Better that than for him to sneak back in and attack us and take you from me again."
"Adolph," Laurel said, "I'm not going anywhere."
Adolph clenched his jaw, "You I thought she had you."
"You know that Eden doesn't mean me any harm."
"That's as far as we know!"
Laurel shook her head, "Take a step back from this, Adolph. Keeping an enemy you can't kill and can't contain under your home will only aggravate you. I would say it will aggravate you more than turning him over, but"
Adolph frowned, "But?"
"The Wiccan Alliance wants Eden. We have a chance to leverage that and establish real peace. They're closer to the vampire lands. They know more about it and they have more power to do something about the unrest that may still be there through their connection to Eden and Annwn."
Adolph frowned at her, "You're suggesting using Eden's body as a gift to smooth negotiations."
"Yes," she said. "You've already said that we have little choice but to take over the lands, right? The refugees are probably going to head towards the Wiccan's lands or into the neutral area. The more of a united front we have, the better"
The less there was a chance of war if they had an allegiance with people who could build defenses like those around Ash castle. 
"And what if he wakes?" Adolph asked. 
"Then we deal with it then," Laurel said, "But that could be tomorrow? Years from now? Centuries from now?"
"He's half-human."
She shook his head, "He's half-Wiccan. Taliesin was talking about Morrigan's rise to power as if he was there, that's centuries ago"
Adolph winced and scoffed, "I suppose the age difference between us is... minuscule by comparison."
She blinked and burst into laughter. The sound of it eased his tension as he pulled her close. 
"I cannot lose you, Laurel."
"You won't," Laurel promised. "And I can't lose you."
He pulled back, "Very well. We'll do it your way, my luna."
###chapter 134: Graced By Wicca
They had dinner that night and waited until morning to speak with the caravan from the Wiccan Alliance, inviting them to breakfast. It was strange to have most of his family and their guests at the table, but it was a state matter so they all had to be there. 
He squeezed Laurel's hand as she smiled at him and nodded. 
"My luna will be leading these discussions of peace and cooperation," Adolph said.
Laurel smiled at him, squeezing his hand and looking at Taliesin and the rest of the congregation. Each of them seemed troubled and resolute, but Taliesin smiled at her warmly. His eyes were red-rimmed. 
"The wars and battles have taken a great deal from all of us," Laurel said, "I propose that we work together to try and heal those wounds in the ways that we can."
Taliesin nodded, "Wise words. What did you have in mind?"
"You mentioned the curse that should have expanded over all of Morrigan's lands, but Annwn, a castle that is within her territory, did not seem to be under that curse."
Taliesin smiled, "I would not be surprised if by taking control of the castle and making it his base of operations that Eden broke the curse on that area."
"You mean to say that you didn't help him create this outpost?" A general asked. 
"Annwn is a mystery to me. As I said before, Eden's plans were his own. This place was under his protection and I can only assume still is under his protection."
"Will you help us deal with whatever protections that still exist on the lands and the curse?" Laurel asked, "It would be to both of our benefits to join forces to ensure that whatever evil Morrigan may have seeded among the populace isn't given room to grow."
Taliesin nodded, "You are right. Unfortunately, there are some things that cannot be torn down. The curse may take. Centuries to break by force. The protections on Ash castle are linked in some ways to the protections on Crystal castle"
Laurel's eyes widened, "What does that mean?"
He hummed, "Think of it like a scale. The two castles and the Castle of the Sun within the Wiccan Alliance are all connected by Wiccan magic and our shared ancestry and connection with the sun and moon goddesses."
To attempt to alter one too much might cause changes across the others that they couldn't anticipate.
"It would be best to take stock of Ash castle's status and devise a plan regarding the barrier. It was meant to be defensive against attacks and respond to the animosity between the three."
Laurel frowned looking at Adolph whose face was tight with anger. 
"Meaning that until the castle recognizes a alliance or a new leader, the barriers will remain in place and unchanged."
Taleisin's eyes widened and he looked at Laurel. She gave him a calm smile. 
"Would you agree to meet with the forces on the border to survey the barrier on the way back?" Laurel asked. 
Taliesin nodded, "It would make the most sense."
"We'll have Eden brought up the day you depart," Laurel said, watching the shock blossom over his face. "Or would it be easier for you to move him?" "I" Taliesin glanced at Adolph, "Whichever you are most comfortable with."
Adolph clenched his jaw, merely listening to the rest of the discussion. Laurel's tone was calm and dignified. He saw in Basil's expression a haunted expression that meant that Laura often spoke this way.
She was logical and fair. It was hard to deny her anything as she laid out mutually agreeable terms for now and a timeline to meet again about further needs as they arose. His heart stirred with anger and his wolf was on the edge of bursting out and refusing. 
"How does this all sit with you, Adolph?" Laurel asked, her voice gentle and calm. 
Taliesin looked him in his eyes as Adolph warred with himself. 
He said that Laurel would be leading the talks, but it was ultimately his decision whether to agree with her suggestions or not. He could say no and undermine Laurel's will, but what would that get him?
Taleisin's grief had been real, hanging thick and sorrowful in the air as he spoke to Eden in soft tones and tried to hide his weeping, and Laurel was right. Eden's continued presence inside the castle would irritate him to no end. 
Was this so different than the old protocols of war back when the packs were still warring for dominance over one another? Allies and enemies were allowed to collect their dead from each other's lands after battles. Vampires had always been different as they simply revived given enough time, but the Wiccans would be better suited to the kingdom as allies. 
He had to give in for a chance at real peace.
"As always, your wisdom is impressive," Adolph said and pressed a kiss to her hand. "It is a great start to peace."
Taleisin's eyes softened and glimmered. He closed his eyes, bowing his head slightly as one of his compatriots, a young-looking man placed a hand on his shoulder. 
"Your leniency will not be forgotten," Taliesin said. "If Eden wakes, we will inform you and bring him back to face your judgment."
Adolph nodded, but he wasn't certain that he could hold them to it. 
After breakfast, they walked the castle grounds with the envoy, showing them around as if they were just any foreign dignitaries. 
They made plans to leave the day after. Adolph and a small group of guards led them around the Imperial City the day before they were set to leave. 
On the day of their departure, Adolph allowed four of the Wiccans to descend into the dungeons and set up a magical gurney to guide Eden's floating body out of the dungeon. People gasped in shock and awe as they passed. The prisoners that had been captured along with Eden watched in awe, murmuring prayers and thanks as they went past.
"Don't hurt him!" Someone pleaded. "H-He just wanted to protect us" Taliesin stopped and looked at the young woman pressed against the bars of her cell, her eyes flashing with vampire light. 
"P-Please"
"Dear girl," Taliesin said, "Eden has never had a reason to fear me and he never will."
Her eyes widened in shock, "A-Are you Are you Taliesin?" He frowned, "You know me?"
"Eden spoke of you," she looked down. "H-He said that if you had come to get him that he was g-gone"
She sniffled.
"Eden is not dead," Taliesin said, "Though what we should call his state is a mystery."
She nodded shakily, "I'm glad he gets to go home."
"As am I."
He walked up the stairs towards the ground floor, turning the woman's words over in his mind. He could only imagine what sort of place Annwn was that people had followed Eden into battle against Adolph. 
They secured Eden inside one of their caravans and the guards returned their things to them. Taliesin turned to Adolph and Laurel with a smile. 
"It is customary in our culture to offer gifts of peace after war and congratulations after marriage to new and old allies."
Adolph frowned as the six who had come with Taliesin stepped forward offering the boxes that had come with them. 
"Potions for healing and wellness. While we are aware that few things could hurt werewolves, we know those things are quite lethal. Antidotes to every poison that may be lethal to you, elixirs that will save you even if you are on the brink of death"
There were charms for the health of newborn children and mothers, talismans of blessings of peace and protection, and more in the boxes. 
"Your gifts are well received," Adolph said stiffly. 
Taliesin smiled, "You need not worry about testing them. The flasks are large enough for tests for poison and to still be of use."
Adolph flinched as the man's eyes twinkled. Laurel stepped forward offering him the necklace. He shook his head and closed her hands over it. 
"There is a great mythos around you, White Wolf," he said. "I am honored to have met you in my lifetime and to know that the mythos pales in comparison to the truth of who you are."
He squeezed her hands around the necklace, "This necklace was a gift to you, Luna Laurel. A sign of belonging, trust, and protection. It marks you and all whom you love as worthy of our protection and allegiance. Eden would not have given it to you if he meant for you to give it away."
Laurel frowned, looking at the necklace, "You said protection."
He nodded, "The protections on it are immense."
"They didn't protect him."
"You misunderstand the protections if you think that is true," he shook his head. "Perhaps at our next meeting, we can speak more of it. For now, just know that he saw something in your future and he meant for you to live through it."
The necklace felt so much heavier with those words. She pulled it close to her chest as Taleisin bowed and nodded, shocked.
What could Eden have seen?
###chapter 135: The Necklace
Taliesin and the rest of his group left the castle's grounds with a small group of guards that would guide them to the border camp. Laurel watched them leave, her stomach churning with nerves before she turned back into the castle. Adolph turned and followed her back to their rooms though he was certain that she didn't notice he was just behind her.
He closed the door to their chambers behind him and leaned against it for a moment, watching her pace, clutching the necklace in her hands as she walked and muttered to herself. 
For a moment, he wondered if she did this often as Laura because she was used to being alone or if this was just the best way she could think. 
He only caught snippets of what she was muttering about, but it was enough to stoke his anger. 
Eden and the Wiccans were causing more irritation than he thought possible. 
Laurel's words about peace and the sentiment of forgiveness and healing wounds so that they could move forward were all nice in theory, but seeing her still holding on to what amounted to a keepsake from a man who loved her irritated him. 
He was being childish and irrational, jealous over a man multiple times his age, and trapped in a coma for some undetermined amount of time. 
She stopped and threw herself onto the couch, placing the necklace on the table to just stare at it. 
"... the priestess will be here shortly."
She looked up, jumping a bit as if she was startled by his presence. 
"A-Adolph?"
He rounded the table to sit beside her, taking her hand and pushing the necklace away from them. She eyed it with a bit of fear in her eyes before he pulled her close and kissed her. She sighed in relief, slumping against him as he breathed in her scent. 
"I asked for a priestess to come to counsel me about these dreams I've been having and the path ahead I will ask that she look at the necklace and all the gifts as well."
Laurel nodded shakily, "It seems like we should just have a priestess stay here."
Adolph chuckled, "One step at a time. I have already done away with so much. Too much change at once could be a disaster."
She nodded, curling into him. She glanced at the necklace, unsure of how to feel about it other than being afraid. Taliesin didn't come off as a spiteful man or even as if he meant to cause trouble. It was a warning and an explanation, but not enough. What she would give to wake Eden up and ask him what he knew. 
"Thank you for going along with my plan I hope we don't come to regret it."
Adolph sighed, "If we do, I get to burn the necklace at first chance."
She chuckled, "Deal. We should have lunch."
Adolph smirked, pressing a kiss to her forehead, "Here or downstairs?"
She sighed, leaning into him, "Is it wrong to want to have you to myself for a bit?"
"You are my wife and luna, you can have whatever you want."
She chuckled and nodded, "Here then."
Adolph left her to tell the attendants to bring lunch to their quarters before returning to the couch and pulling Laurel close. They said nothing, but the necklace seemed to draw his attention. 
"It was inconsequential before," Laurel said. "Now, it just feels monumental like I can't look away from it."
He didn't want to agree, but he did. He picked it up and slipped it into her pocket. For now, it would solve the problem, but he could almost feel the heat and weight of it against his side. 
The attendant arrived with lunch and news that the priestess had arrived and was getting settled in her quarters. 
When lunch was over, he had them bring the priestess up to speak with them as well as all the gifts Taliesin left with them. 
Laurel stood, throwing her hands up, "This is ridiculous!"
Adolph chuckled and drew her into his lap, "There. There, my love. We'll get to the bottom of it."
"It's a necklace! We shouldn't be so worried about it."
She had only meant to keep it to remind herself about Annwn and the peace that she had seen there. It was a peace that was possible with a little work.
"It is not just a necklace," Adolph said as a knock sounded on the door. "Come in."
The door opened with the attendant and the priestess. He smiled with relief seeing her, his younger sister, there. She smiled as Laurel looked up at her and smiled. 
"Praise be to the moon for your health and the precious life you carry," she said, coming closer and sitting on the couch across from them. "How may I be of service to you, Your Majesties?"
Laurel looked at Adolph and Adolph reached into her pocket before she could mention his dreams. 
"Foremost, this necklace" Adolph offered it to her, "What can you tell me about it?"
She took it and turned it over in her hands, "It is quite a powerful charm, Your Majesty. Old power, why?"
"Harmful?"
"Completely protective," she clarified, offering it back to him. "It will come in handy for Her Majesty."
Adolph closed his hand around it as a strike of terror went through him. She looked at him, her eyes flashing with moonlight. 
"The dreams that wake you so often are warnings, Your Majesty. Take heed of them."
Adolph grit his teeth looking at the necklace before looking at Laurel. She was pale and staring at the necklace. He unclasped it and slipped it around her neck before adjusting the hem of her gown to cover it. 
"I don't want you out of my sight without it."
Laurel's eyes searched his before she nodded, "I promise."
The priestess laughed, "So grave. Not every warning is a warning for tomorrow! What else can I help you with?"
Another knock sounded on the door, "Come in."
Attendants came in carrying the boxes with polite smiles before setting them on the table. 
"We received these gifts." Adolph said. "I wanted to be sure they're safe."
She shook her head, "Such doubt Though I suppose you can't help yourself."
She looked over the boxes, opening each one of them in a show of perusal. Adolph sighed as Laurel leaned forward watching every expression that crossed her face. 
"Elizabeth," he said softly. Her eyes shot up at him, wide and a little startled before a mischievous glint appeared in her eyes. "Please."
She shrugged and sat back, "Safe. Plenty safe and very generous."
Laurel frowned looking between the two of them. Adolph eyed her, "Since you are here, Lizzy."
She wrinkled her nose. 
"You have heard about the lift on the ban, haven't you?"
Her gaze drifted away, "Yes."
"Would you and Aunt Giselle consider coming home?"
Her eyes widened, staring at him and Laurel looked at Adolph with a huff. 
"I thought you said too much change too quickly could be a disaster."
Adolph smiled at Laurel kindly, "You are the one who suggested it and if there is danger lurking within the next decade, I'd rather have them here."
He looked back to her and she fiddled with her gown, "I I would like that very much."
She sniffed and wiped her eyes furiously, "Addy', must you always make me cry?"
Adolph's face turned bright red and Laurel barely refrained from laughing as she looked at Adolph. 
He scowled at her meaningfully, "Don't say a word."
"Of course not," Laurel said primly. Her lips twitched with a laugh. "Addy."
Adolph growled at her as Elizabeth turned her head, looking out into the distance and frowning. 
"I think you should restrict your son's access to alcohol a bit more."
Adolph groaned and stood, "Get acquainted. I'll make arrangements."
It took no time to find his son. He only ever got drunk in his room these days. He should have known that the conversation with the Wiccans would have been too much for him to take after realizing that Basil's haunted expression was anchored in his memories. 
He didn't bother to knock and opened the door to find Basil splayed across the couch. The scent of alcohol hung heavy in the air. He sat on the chair across the table from him and he grabbed the bottle and found it only half empty. 
Basil looked at him. 
"I'm only half drunk."
Adolph chuckled and took a drink from the bottle, "I'm sure, son."
Basil's eyes burned as he looked at his father, "It's not fair."
"What?"
"That I don't get a chance to make it right."
Adolph froze. 
"I was terrible and I don't know why I should be wishing her well, but I can't Not even with you." He reached for his chest, rubbing. "I feel terrible."
Adolph narrowed his eyes at him, taking stock of Basil before setting the bottle aside. 
"When is the last time you shifted, Basil?"
"Shifted?" He frowned, his head lolling back. "I don't I don't remember."
Adolph clenched his jaw and got Basil off the couch and to bed. 
"No more alcohol and you'll cooperate with the healer."
"Okay, father," he said, dazed as Adolph pulled his shoes off and put him in his bed. He pulled the blanket over him as his stomach began to churn. 
Basil, for all of his faults, was an alpha wolf like he was. There was no reason that Basil wasn't shifting to his wolf form regularly. 
Something was wrong.
###chapter 136: Ambition & Fear
After the Wiccans were gone, Delia had no choice but to stop putting off working with Maria on the orchard expansion. It burned her pride to even consider working in the orchard, Laura's pride and joy, but until she was sure she was completely safe, she had no choice.
The sun was oppressive overhead, making Delia sweat before she had even managed to reach where the old gates had been. 
She sneered at the ruptured earth where the gate had been anchored. It had been so easy to get Basil to put the gate up. She hadn't even had to whisper much in his ear for him to think it would please her. Now, he rarely even looked at her, let alone sought to please her. 
She marched past the entrance and further into the orchard towards where people were congregating. As she walked, it seemed that every stray speck of dirt attacked her silk gown, turning her beautiful gown into a filthy mess around the hem before she had made it to where Maria was directing people.
Maria turned to her and gave her a helpless smile, "Lady Delia, perhaps next time you should wear something a little more suited to the task."
She glared at the woman, "As if I would own rags."
Maria gave her a slight smile, "Well, all in good time."
Delia clenched her jaw, sneering at her. She thought she was funny, but as soon as Delia had enough power, she'd make her regret such insolence.
"Don't you have work to do?" Delia asked, "What are you doing standing around?"
Maria chuckled, "Of course, I was waiting on my last worker. Her Majesty was clear that you would be assisting in this."
She placed a basket of seeds in her hands and pointed into the distance.
"Just past the treeline is where you'll be."
Delia clenched her hands around the basket and turned sharply towards where she pointed. She broke the treeline to where a vast open field was full of freshly overturned dirt. 
The sight infuriated her more, but she lowered her head and walked to the nearest servant. The man smiled at her warmly.
"So glad to have you, Lady Delia!" He said. 
She didn't recognize him and barely listened to him as he explained that all she had to do was sprinkle the seeds. He hummed a soft song as he worked a few feet behind her digging up a trough. She threw the seeds as directed. The wind was cool as it swept over the little area. It made her think of a time in her youth when she and her parents had come upon a field just being sown and hated their luck. If they had come earlier or significantly later, they could have made off with the harvest. 
After a lifetime of hearing how her father's pack was cheated out of what should have been theirs and her mother complaining about the life they should have been living, Delia had stopped listening to them complaining and took steps to do something about it. 
Her first step had been leaving them behind, and every step since had led her to Eden and Basil. 
Her heart clenched in a bit of grief. Eden was gone and all she had now was what she had started with: her beauty and her cunning. 
She looked back towards the trees. She could simply give up on having it all now. After all, when Adolph stepped down, Laurel would no longer be luna. So long as she remained married to Basil, her life was guaranteed to remain as carefree as it had been since she'd come to the capital. 
Even if she didn't become luna and Basil was forever just a prince, it was eons better than living on the edge of survival or bowing to that psychotic woman who would have just as soon slit her throat as send her on this mission. 
Her fists clenched at the thought. She swore she saw Laura's ghost standing nearby, looking the same as she had been the night Basil banished her from the castle. 
What would happen when Basil met his real mate? Delia didn't know. Eden had never mentioned how the potion would work then. He hadn't explained much of anything about the potion either. 
She couldn't allow that to happen. 
She couldn't even let Basil get the chance to throw her out the way he'd thrown out Laura. 
Contentment was just as good as losing. The only thing she could do now was to move forward. 
She had to get rid of Laurel. 
With Laurel gone, Adolph would lose his mind and Basil would become king. 
Then, she could get rid of Basil. 
She smirked as she tossed the rest of the seeds over her shoulder and ditched the basket. 
She had better things to be doing than pretending she cared about this orchard.
She several murderers to plan. 
Determined, she left the orchard and headed back to the castle without anyone seeing her. It wouldn't be easy to kill Laurel quickly, but as long as she got rid of her before the baby was born, everything would work out. 
"Stop fighting, you psycho!"
Someone roared and thrashed, "Let me go!"
Her heart clenched in terror and she ducked around the corner to avoid being seen. The scent that drifted down the hallway was familiar as a woman's voice filled the air. 
"What do you want from us?" "You already know what you've done! Move!"
Delia swallowed, leaning to just barely peek around the corner and she gasped. The guards were shoving people in ragged clothing forward. She recognized the style as belonging to the rogues of the neutral zone who were connected to the vampire queen. 
She used to wear clothes like that, but she burned them all as soon as she'd ensnared Basil. 
Though they were filthy and smelled like the dust that drifted from the canyons around the vampire's lands, there was no mistaking their voices and faces. 
Her mother and father, their entire pack, were in the capital being hauled to the dungeons. 
Her heart was racing with anxiety and she hurried away towards the upper levels and to her room. 
What were they doing here? How long would they be here? Would they be executed?
She hoped so. This was just as bad if not worse than someone from Eden's group still being alive and identifying her. At least the werewolves in league with the vampires would be invested in protecting her in the hope that the plan still succeeded. 
Her parents were too stupid to know to shut their mouths. 
Damn. What was she going to do?
Could she sneak down at some point and slit their throats before they had a chance to speak? Would they even mention her? If they did, what did it matter? They didn't know her as Delia. No one did except for Eden and he was dead. 
She didn't like the possibility that she would be brought in for their sentencing and they wouldn't shut their mouths, either. Maybe she could get Basil to keep her out of it. 
She worried her lip and thought of Basil. He hadn't been as drunk as he had been in the days leading up to their wedding, but he wasn't exactly sober either. Short-tempered and mean-spirited, she couldn't be sure if he would help her or just ignore her. 
She flopped on her couch with a sigh as her jaw trembled. 
If Eden was here, he'd have a plan in place. He would have just killed them outright and made sure that no one even knew he'd done it. She closed her eyes, exhaustion made her limbs heavy and soon she fell asleep.

Basil walked quickly through the halls. Adolph's question had pressed on something in the back of his mind and refused to let him stay asleep for long. Something was wrong. Why couldn't he remember the last time he'd shifted? It couldn't have been that long ago. 
He pushed the thought away and the mounting fear away as he turned and walked out into the garden. He walked deeper into the garden until he was certain he was alone and closed her eyes, reaching for his wolf to let the shift take over.
Nothing happened. Fear trickled in a slow, cold bead of sweat down the back of his neck. He looked up at the full moon and worried his lip. 
If there was any time of the month that it should have been easy for him to shift, it would be tonight. 
He closed his eyes and breathed out. He'd been stressing himself out a lot lately. The alcohol and the guilt probably hadn't been helping, but that was no excuse for how he wasn't shifting now. 
His wolf didn't even stir as he reached for the shift, straining as if wading through a pool of thick mud. 
Nothing happened. 
An alpha wolf who couldn't shift was practically useless. He shuddered as he heard some argument from what felt like a lifetime ago at the back of his mind. 
His father couldn't find out about this. He just had to keep it hidden until whatever was wrong with him went away. 
How long could it last?
###chapter 137: Old Covenants and Ruthlessness
Adolph walked into the room where Chasel had corralled the leader of the group of rogues they'd caught near the borders and wasn't surprised to find them still kicking up a fuss. He sat in front of the two dirty-faced and angry-looking rogues and observed them as they snarled and ranted about being captured. 
The others had been a bit more reserved, near quiet as they were teetering on the edge of madness. These two were different. They were mated for one and very cognizant. It seemed these were banished werewolves. Perhaps the others were as well, but the call of madness that made true rogues had worn them down too far.
"Who are you? Why were you skulking around the border? And what have you to do with the vampire queen, Morrigan."
The man snarled, "That wench always short-changed us. And what does it matter who we are?"
Adolph lifted an eyebrow. He hadn't expected any real answer, but the answer was intriguing. 
"Short-changed you in what way?"
"She only ever paid six of ten for any capture we made telling us it was a tax for being werewolves in her lands." The man scoffed. "And she was always upping the quota!"
The woman scoffed, "If not for us, she wouldn't have any werewolves. It wasn't like her precious generals were any good and finding them."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "Do you know who I am?"
The woman scoffed, "The great and terrible Adolph Raymond. And?"
"You admit to capturing werewolves of my kingdom for the vampire queen's purposes?"
The man sneered, "It's not as though we have any loyalty to *your* throne."
"You had loyalty to hers then?"
The man scoffed, "We just go where we'll be paid. Banished wolves like us don't have a place in your pretty little kingdom."
Adolph considered them, "Banished for what?"
"For not bowing down, of course!" The man sneered. "As if my great and noble ancestors would bow to you half-witch monstrosities!"
"Watch your tone!" Chasel snarled. "Or find yourself without your head."
The man scoffed, "I don't fear half-breeds."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "Half-breeds?"
The man snarled, "You heard me."
Adolph considered the man. Given what he'd found out recently about Crystal castle and its connection to the Wiccan Alliance, he was inclined to question what he knew of his lineage, but he knew for certain the Raymond line was full of werewolves. There wasn't even a human among them. 
"Are you speaking of Crystal?" Adolph asked. "That means you're from one of the packs who refused to join the kingdom."
It would make sense. They weren't acting as banished werewolves did. It made more sense if they were descendants of one of the packs who had been against his ancestors' involvement with Crystal, the Wiccan. Instead of being driven insane by breaking bonds, they were being corrupted by their failing bonds. 
"So, you were upset enough about how your pack was refused a place in the kingdom and decided to serve the vampire queen? That was centuries ago"
Had they been serving her for generations upon generations? His head hurt at the thought. 
"Aside from that, what did Morrigan do with her captives?"
He grinned, "Well, I'd hate to offend your.*royal* sensibilities."
Adolph had figured as much. He had always imagined that the werewolves that she tortured had simply been captured throughout the war, not plucked from along the border and delivered to her.
"Have you no pride in yourself as a werewolf?" Chasel asked. "To serve that woman who would just as soon kill you?"
"The enemy of my enemy is my friend," he cackled. 
Adolph considered it. It wasn't, exactly, a foreign concept or an unfounded one. He didn't know the history of what made the vampire and werewolves become on such bad terms and what Morrigan's grudge was, but it hardly mattered. 
"How many others of you are?"
"Why would I tell you that?" He asked, his expression going blank. 
Adolph smiled, "Do you know what happened to Morrigan?"
"Nothing," he chuckled. 
"She was killed by a half-Wiccan vampire," Adolph said. "She's dead."
They froze, their eyes widened, "What?"
"Whatever reward and protection you thought you might still have no longer exists as her lands are now *mine*."
Their eyes widened and the woman sat forward. 
"W-Well, you can't just kill us. We're we're mercenaries at best! We hold no allegiances to anyone!"
"Are we not enemies as your mate suggested?"
"W-Well Well" her eyes flickered to her mate who seemed deeply uncomfortable. "Maybe once, but at this point, aren't we just hired help of a fallen regime? Isn't it the Raymond way, the temple's way, that hired forces be spared?"
He narrowed his eyes. It was an interesting and unfortunately foolproof tactic, bringing up the old covenants established during the war between the packs. 
"Perhaps, but you understand that the deck is stacked against you for your past transgressions, and I can't very well let you continue to wander the border waiting to be hired by another of my enemies."
The man flinched. 
"You seem like rational people," Adolph said. "A deal."
"A-A deal?"
"You will be taken to the border camp and lead the forces there to Ash castle. You will comply with their requests and perhaps earn yourself some leniency."
"L-Leniency?"
"Of course," he gave them a feral grin, "You were Morrigan's hired help, agents of the fallen throne. By her rules, do you think you'd be spared?"
Their eyes widened and he gave them a cold smile, "Did you think because I am bound by duty to be lenient within my territory that I would turn a blind eye to the deaths you've caused?"
"B-But! But!"
"Take them to their cells," Adolph said, "Give them only water."
They cried as the guards hauled them out of their chairs. 
"We are descendants of the White Oak and Red Rock packs! Y-You can't-"
The door clanged shut behind them and Chasel let out a low whistle. 
"I had wondered if marital bliss would soften you" Chasel said. "I am not sure if I should be glad or not to see that it hasn't."
Adolph snorted and stood, "Let us consider my softening after we have reached a time of true peace. Have the Wiccans arrived at the border yet?"
"Yes, the general is quite happy to have them as they're healing people who were recovering from the vampires with their potions."
"Good, prepare a group of soldiers to take the rogues back up there and keep an eye on them. Let them know that they are authorized to kill them if they step out of line."
He led Chasel out of the room and back up to the upper levels, "How goes the investigation against the ministers?"
Chasel winced, thinking back to everything they had uncovered to date.
"Aside from Minister Mirabelle, we have full lists of enough crimes to strip them all of their property and wealth. It will be a difficult blow for their families, but leniency could be dangerous."
"Do we know for certain who sent the caravan?"
"Not yet, Your majesty."
Adolph nodded and gestured for Chasel to follow him to his office, feeling someone nearby listening to him. They entered his office in silence and Adolph closed the door behind him. 
"As with everything, Chasel, I trust your judgment Gavin will make his move against me soon."
Chasel nodded, "Yes, Your Majesty though" "What?"
"I am unsure if it will be against you or Luna Laurel."
"Do you believe Basil to be involved?"
Chasel shook his head, "No. I don't, but I will keep an eye on it."
Adolph nodded, "That is all I can ask for."
Chasel left him alone to finish the rest of his work for the evening. He returned to his quarters with a heavy sigh only to find Laurel not there. He changed into looser clothes and went to search for her, tugging on their bond. 
*Laurel?
*In the ballroom.*
His lips twitched as he walked towards the ballroom to find her staring out the window. 
"An odd place to contemplate baby names," Adolph said as he approached her.  She turned and smiled, allowing him to pull her into his arms and lead her into a slow waltz around the room. 
"Amelia," Laurel said. 
He wrinkled his nose, "That was my grandmother's name. How about Rose?"
She chuckled, "And for a boy?"
"...Jack."
Laurel gasped and her eyes burned, nodding, "I I like Jack."
"I'd like your thoughts about giving birth at the temple."
She frowned, "What?"
"It's a tradition Basil is the only royal child to not be born at the temple."
Laurel worried her lip, wondering if it had been the reason she hadn't made it through childbirth. 
"We'd go the week before the baby is due and stay."
"You just want to walk around without shoes," Laurel teased. 
Her stomach growled and she flushed. 
"I promise there will be plenty of food, too." Adolph chuckled and turned towards the door, leading her out, "Shall we raid the kitchen before bed, my love?"
Laurel smiled and nodded, "I think I'd like to be barefoot then too."
Adolph laughed, "Then it's settled."

###chapter 138: So It Seems
Delia closed the room behind her and sighed. Lady Helena's lessons were getting easier with Laurel teaching her to read and write at the level of a noblewoman, but they were still grating. She'd barely had enough time to plot how to get rid of Laurel, but it had come to her in a flash. 
Simplicity was always best. She could figure out a way to orchestrate an accident the same way she had killed Laura, but she would need to garner some manner of rapport with Laurel. 
To that end, she'd shown up at the orchard to make sure Maria and the rest reported that she was helping. She'd avoided the servants who irritated her to make sure she would lose her temper. 
It had been working out well for now and today she'd been making her next move. She walked up the stairs to Laurel's office and knocked, preparing to put on her best act. She had to convince Laurel that she meant the best when she invited her out to have dinner in a few days. 
It was the start of her plan to get closer to Laurel. She hadn't figured out who to frame for her death, quite yet, but that would come up soon enough. 
Maybe she'd frame Lily or Sarah. She smirked, it would serve the two of them right and would probably be the easiest. 
She knocked on the door. 
"Come in."
Delia entered with a tentative smile. Laurel looked up from the papers on her desk and for a moment Delia froze, seeing Laura's face. The mirage vanished and she shook herself free.
"Laurel," Delia said, "Do you have a moment?"
Laurel eyed her warily, a bit suspicious and a bit curious. She set her quill down. 
"Yes. Come on in and take a seat."
Delia wrung her hands, approaching the table, "I'd rather stand. I don't think I can say this without pacing. It helps me think."
It would also make it easier to disguise expressions she didn't want Laurel to see if she kept moving. 
"I've been thinking," Delia said. "Since you came we've gotten off on a pretty bad foot."
Laurel sat back watching her pace back and forth. She wouldn't look at her and that made her a bit suspicious, but it could have been nervousness. Maybe her pride was getting to her. 
Alice seemed skeptical, but she didn't say anything. 
"I was very mean. I well, I'm not sure what you know about how Basil and I found each other. I was attacked and scared of losing this great life with him. After Laura's death, we started having trouble, and then you showed up It just seemed to get worse and I reacted poorly."
Delia glanced at her, "Honestly, you look so much like her it's unnerving. It's almost like they have a type."
Delia laughed, shaking her head, "I was I am a bit unnerved and concerned about our relationship because he's been acting so differently, but that's not a good reason to have treated you the way I have. Could you forgive me?"
Laurel tilted her head, "Forgive you?"
"Yes."
"When you haven't apologized?"
Delia's lips twitched and she flinched, "Well I"
Delia clenched her fists. Anger swelled in her but she stomped it down, trying to remain calm. She had to do this for her plan to progress well enough. 
"I apologize," Delia bit out. 
Laurel searched her face. She wasn't sure if Delia meant it. She wondered for a moment if someone put her up to this little act. She could believe that Basil would think to do it, but she doubted it was him.
Maybe she had come to apologize and her pride was nearly choking her. 
"Well, I hold no grudge against you," Laurel said, calmly. "But I can't say that I can forgive you just yet."
Delia wanted to scream at her. What the hell did she want from her? She'd already apologized and she didn't want to do that. Why was this little girl being so difficult as if she deserved to be in the luna's seat? It felt a bit like Laurel was just taunting her. 
"Well, I hope we can become closer since we'll be family soon" Delia wrinkled her nose. "Well, we are family already, but so much more since the baby will be my niece or nephew."
"... Your brother or sister-in-law."
Delia flinched, "Right well what I meant is that I'd like us to have a more sisterly bond. Don't you think it'll be strange for me to treat you like an elder given our ages?"
She laughed nervously. There was no way in hell she would call Laurel mother-in-law under any circumstances. 
She might just explode at the thought. 
"I suppose you're right," Laurel chuckled and wrinkled her nose. "It would be strange, and I have no interest in being Basil's mother-in-law."
It would be weird and would make her start to rethink her indifference towards him. The birth of the baby would be complicated enough to keep her indifference in place. It wouldn't turn into hatred, sure, but she didn't want to ever develop any sort of feelings more intense than cordiality for Basil if she could help it. 
The wounds were healed, but the scars were still there. She doubted they would ever go away. 
"I was thinking that we should have dinner together. Just the two of us to get to know each other," Delia said. "It would be nice to have a less formal dinner so we can talk plainly."
With any luck, she'd learn something about Laurel that she could use later. Wouldn't it be nice if Laurel was using a similar trick against Adolph? Basil was too weak-willed to kill Delia, but Adolph, if he knew he was being deceived, would murder Laurel outright. 
It was doubtful as Delia was sure that the werewolf king would know the moment such a thing was used on him, but that didn't mean that Laurel didn't have some sort of secret that she could use against her in the future. 
"That would be nice," Laurel's voice pulled her from her thoughts. She looked at the young woman and found her smiling. "It would be nice to have a casual meal with someone closer to my age."
"That was my thought exactly! Don't worry, I'll get it all organized with kitchens. How about out in the gardens?"
She nodded, "Sounds good. Thanks, Delia I look forward to us having a better relationship."
"Me too!" Delia said, "I'll let you get back to work. See you later!"
Delia waved her goodbye, keeping her smile sunny until the door had closed solidly behind her. She hurried down the stairs, careful to avoid Adolph who was coming up the path towards the stairs that led to their offices. Her heart lurched as she glimpsed him in the hallway and she turned down another hallway, but she relaxed the farther away she grew from him. 
It had gone well. 
Now all she had to do was figure out the best way to get rid of Laurel and blame someone else. 
Could she maybe blame Basil? She turned that thought away. She needed Basil alive as a buffer between her and Adolph for as long as possible. 
As she thought before, the servants were the best bet.

Adolph stopped, looking down the hallway after Delia whose gait seemed too quick to be leisurely and too pointed to be without purpose. Something at the back of his mind turned with suspicion and he followed the scent trail she left behind until he reached Laurel's office. 
Why would she be there?
He knocked on the door. 
"Come in."
He opened the door and found Laurel at her desk. She smiled at him and the small bouquet in his hand. 
"Are those for me?"
He smiled, "They are."
He closed the door as she rounded the table to greet him. She lifted on her toes to kiss him and he pulled her closer, intent on getting a deeper kiss. 
Laurel giggled as she pulled back, "I missed you too. What brings you up here?"
"A moment's reprieve," he said walking her back to the table and placing the bouquet in the empty vase on her desk. "What was Delia doing?"
She frowned, "Well she sort of apologized and wants to have a better relationship with me."
Adolph eyed her as Laurel shrugged. 
"Maybe Lady Helena's teaching and our tutoring session have gotten her to warm up to me."
Adolph hummed thoughtfully. Laurel mused about eventually coming to a point where she and Delia will get along, but Adolph wasn't certain about it. If anything, he felt colder the longer she spoke about it, as if he was waking up from one of his dreams to a vision of Laurel and their child dead. 
Elizabeth told him they were warnings, but how was he supposed to know where the threat was coming from?
###chapter 139: Gavin Knows
Gavin paced his office with a slow gait. The room had once been a meeting room for all of the ministers so he could watch them carefully, but now he was alone in the room to contemplate the path forward and relatively powerless. He held no sway with Adolph and even less with Laurel. Basil was so entrenched in pleasing his father and losing himself to drink that he was useless to his plans. Even if he wasn't, Basil was better left untainted by the things that Gavin planned.
If Basil was ever considered entangled with a treasonous plot, the Mirabelle name would never be the same, Olivia's memory in the eyes of the people would forever be tarnished and he needed what little was left of her and Adolph's love story to help put Basil on the throne whether Laurel's child was a boy or a girl. 
Especially if she birthed a boy. 
He cursed. If only he had kept a closer eye on the staff of the castle before and after Laurel had cleaned out the palace. He could have snuck a few sleeper agents among the staff and wouldn't be scrambling to find someone who could be bought or bribed. 
Laurel had done an impeccable job eliminating every potential entry point by the nobility. All the people who had remained had proven their loyalty to the crown and could not be bought. The few who could have been coerced through threatening their families were secure and loyal to Laurel for making their jobs easier by outing the spies of the noble families and replacing them with hardworking people. 
If the people inside the castle weren't a problem, then everyone who was along the supply chain of the castle's supplies was problematic. The castle was slowly shifting towards being fully sustained by the slowly expanding orchard and very selective farmers who were based in the noble packs with direct blood ties to the royal family. 
He could have argued that it was favoritism that undermined the purpose of expelling the other royal family members, but after Adolph had abolished that ban and brought his family back into the palace, Gavin had no standing. 
There were rumors that he was even inviting the royal members who had gone into the temple back to the castle! With them around it would be near impossible to sneak poison into anything with any efficacy. 
His only hope then, to stage an attack or to poison Laurel would be to host an event away from the castle, but to what end?
He glanced at the calendar and froze. A maddened smile crossed his lips. 
How fortuitous. It was merely a few weeks before his birthday! As the father-in-law to the current king and the grandfather of the crowned prince, he had every right to request their presence at his birthday party. He could limit the list to keep Adolph's siblings and cousins out and control every aspect of the food supply.
He left his office and grabbed his traveling cloak before finding a servant. 
"Servant, where is my grandson?"
The man looked uncomfortable, "I believe he is in his rooms."
Gavin huffed. No doubt drunk. He swept past him, "Ready my carriage. I wish to return to my estate. Notify the king that I will be taking the prince with me to prepare for my birthday celebration."
The man nodded and escaped as Gavin headed up the stairs. He called one of his guards to follow him and reached Basil's rooms quickly. He knocked quickly but there was no answer. 
He opened the door, calling out, but Basil wasn't inside. 
He frowned and turned back, considering where else he could be. He headed back downstairs towards the kitchen when he saw Basil stumbling down the hallway. His eyes were glowing with wolf light, dazed as he stared up at the ceiling. 
Gavin grit his teeth and went to him, "Basil, come with me."
Basil didn't respond as Gavin grabbed his arm. He tugged stiffly and the man stumbled forward, stilted. This close he could see the pallor of his grandson's skin, but he didn't heed it. 
"You've been looking ill. I think a bit of fresh air away from the castle is in order, don't you? Won't you help your grandfather prepare for his birthday?"
"Hm?" Basil grunted, stumbling after him through the halls. Gavin pulled him along until they reached the front gates where his carriage was waiting. 
He got Basil into the carriage with some effort and climbed in after him. His guard climbed up into the driver's seat and they were off. 
His lips twitched at how easy it was. 
If the vampire queen wanted to kidnap Basil, it would have been much too easy. Out of the window, he noticed two knights on horses following them and clenched his jaw. 
Not quite that easy. He opened the window and looked at the nearest knight. 
"Who are you and why are you following my carriage?"
"I was ordered, by His Majesty, to follow His Highness should he leave the castle unexpectedly."
Gavin huffed, "Surely a grandfather is allowed to take his grandson on a trip?"
"Surely you would not be against extra security for yourself and His Highness given his state?"
Gavin sucked on his teeth and closed the window, looking across the bench at Basil as he was slumped against the other wall. 
He looked pitiful, but Gavin didn't have time to pity him or scold him much. 
"Basil, you need to answer all of my questions," Gavin said. "What do you know of Laurel and His Majesty's relationship?"
Basil's head drooped, "It's perfect."
"No relationship is perfect, Basil."
"Grandfather, you don't understand," Basil whined, falling back. He was fading out of coherence, but he didn't smell of alcohol. 
"What have you drunk, Basil?" Gavin hissed at him. "How unseemly for a prince-"
"Oh, shut up!" Basil cried, pushing him away from him. "Leave me alone! I haven't drank anything but that horrible medicine from the healer! Father said Father said I couldn't drink, so I'm not, and"
Gavin frowned watching Basil curl into himself with a low, pained whine. 
"I'm sorry, Laura I'm sorry" Basil sniffled, gripping his head. "Did you come back just to see me like this? Will you forgive me?"
"Basil," Gavin started. "What are you talking about?"
"Laurel," Basil sniffled. "Laurel is Laura She's come back. I know it sounds crazy, but it's true I'd know her anywhere I'm sorry I'm sorry"
Gavin watched Basil devolve and go still as he slipped into sleep, curled up on the couch. He was beside himself, but if Adolph had told him he wasn't to drink, then Basil hadn't drank anything alcoholic since the order had been given. 
Besides, Laurel being Laura made sense He grit his teeth. How could he not be suspicious of how easily the country girl had taken to court politics? How she came back wasn't important, but getting rid of her sooner rather than later was more important. 
She'd been a nuisance at Basil's side, easily corralled as Basil was wrapped around his finger, but Adolph was not a man who could be led astray from his path. 
He considered his next steps, glaring down at his grandson. He was useless. His wife was an idiot. He needed something to distract Laurel and make her lower her guard. 
He gasped and smirked as a thought came to mind. 
Her parents were still alive. Laura's parents were rude and conniving. She had cut contact with him while she was alive, but surely they would provide enough of a distraction?
He left Basil and went to find his messenger to find the two of them. He didn't need to say much in the message to lure them in. They would jump at the chance to be invited to his mansion. 
While they were here, he could use them as scapegoats for poisoning Laurel. The resemblance was striking enough that they would either weep or be furious. Either way, they were the best option he had.

Delia walked down the hallway, turning over the elements of her plan. Getting rid of Laurel at Gavin's party was the best bet. If she was right, the Mirabelle estate was close to a cliff that she could shove Laurel over the edge and return to the party without ever being missed. She'd have to time it properly and make sure that Adolph didn't see them leave together and was properly distracted when they did leave. 
"Move it," someone said nearby. Delia looked up as a familiar scent hit her nose. She froze as the group rounded the corner and she was faced with the guards manhandling her parents down the hall. 
Their eyes met and Delia's blood ran cold as they looked at her. Recognition flashed through their eyes and she wanted to shake her head to tell them to shut their mouths, but the name had already escaped their mouths. 
"Stella?"

###chapter 140: By Any Other Name
The name was familiar and horrifying all at once. She clutched her fist and fixed her expression to one of confusion. Stella was a poor, ragged rogue with no hope to do better, alone. She was Delia, princess of the werewolf kingdom, wife of the crowned prince, and future luna. 
The guards looked at Delia and then her parents. 
"Where the hell have you been, Stella?" Her father asked. "Cozying up to these land-stealers and half-breeds?"
"Who are you talking about?" Delia asked with as much confusion as she could manage. Her heart was racing. 
"What's going on?" She flinched at Adolph's voice behind her. 
"Sir, we've just returned from the border with these rogues They have been calling Lady Delia by another name."
"I don't know a Stella," Delia said stiffly, "W-Where is Basil?"
"His grandfather has taken him to the Mirabelle estate to help with preparations for MInister Mirabelle's upcoming birthday," Adolph said calmly. "I can only imagine that he will send for you soon."
Delia nodded stiffly, "I-If you'll excuse me-"
"Delia." She froze at Adolph's soft voice. "Look at me."
Delia swallowed and turned slowly to look up at Adolph. Her heart raced in terror, yet his gaze didn't seem angry. They simply seemed to be observing her, trying to peer into her mind. She didn't want to continue meeting his gaze. If he looked at her any closer, he would know all the things she'd done and the truth. 
"If you remember our conversation a while ago," Adolph began. "Would you like to clarify what is happening?"
Her heart lurched. She thought back to their conversation and tried to parse through what she remembered she said. She'd kept it simple, hadn't she? Whatever she said, she couldn't remember. It would be easier to just call it all a lie. 
Her eyes burned with tears of fear and panic. 
Adolph watched Delia's eyes go from anxious to outright panicked. Her eyes welled with tears and she let out a choked sigh, lowering her head and covering her face.
"I-I I didn't I couldn't It was terrible, and I I just didn't want B-Basil to"
Adolph looked over at the group, "Do you know her?"
"She's our daughter!" The man said. "Stella, how could you come to the werewolf kingdom after everything we've taught you-"
"Because we had nothing and everything was horrible!" Delia cried. "I didn't want to live like that any longer! I didn't deserve to live like that because of you!"
The words rang true to Adolph, but here was something she wasn't saying. 
"Take them to the dungeons and have Chasel interview them. I will speak with Delia privately. No one is to speak further of this."
The guards nodded and her parents cried out as they were dragged away. Adolph gestured ahead of him, "This way."
Delia's jaw trembled and she nodded, walking with him down the hall until they reached a parlor. 
He opened the door allowing her inside, "Compose yourself. Have lunch here if you'd like then get ready to go to the Mirabelle estate to be with Basil. I will have a guard ready within a few hours."
Delia sniffled and nodded shakily, sinking into a couch. He closed the door behind him and went to a nearby servant he recognized easily. Wilhelmina had been with the family as long as Maria had been. 
"Serve her lunch and see to her needs," he said, meeting her gaze. "Take stock of her emotional state and actions, but make yourself inconspicuous."
She nodded stiffly, "It will be done, and I will report back to you."
She straightened her spine and fixed a welcoming smile on her face before entering the room. He left the hallway and headed down towards the dungeons to find Chasel. 
The guards nodded towards the half-closed cell where he could hear everything that was said. 
"You claim that Lady Delia is your daughter, but what proof do you have?" Chasel asked. "If you are angling to gain some sort of leniency, then you're wasting your time."
"I know what my daughter looks like!" The man hissed. "Who is this Lady Delia that you're talking about?"
"The crown prince's wife and mate."
A moment passed and the two of them burst into laughter, "Oh, yeah? Who knew our little Stella was such a cunning little thing!"
"How was it that you came to be separated from your daughter?" Chasel asked. 
"We got into a skirmish with a human village." The woman laughed. "She disappeared. We thought she'd been taken or something. We never guessed that she'd found her way all the way here"
Chasel continued asking questions, but the more the two of them spoke, the more suspicious Delia became. She was young, so perhaps she wasn't as far entrenched with the vampire queen as her parents, but as she had married into the royal family, that made her parents somewhat family. 
He sighed, shaking his head. He couldn't believe the mess his son had gotten them into. The great Raymond line entangled with traitorous werewolves and rogues of the fallen White Oak and Red Stone packs.
He'd need to go look through the family history to find out more about those packs and how they came to be rogues, but he had a feeling he wasn't going to like it. 
As the interview came to an end and Adolph had heard enough, he left and headed up the stairs to his chambers where Laurel was. 
He wasn't expecting to find her in the bathtub, lounging in cold water. Adolph lifted an eyebrow at her as her cheeks turned red. Her hair was piled up on her head and though he could feel the coolness in the bathing room, she seemed flushed.
"Don't even ask."
Adolph crossed the room, "Are you experiencing hot flashes?"
She pouted, "You knew this would happen?"
Adolph chuckled and slid to the floor to sit beside the tub. The metal of the tub was almost cold against his back. On the far table was the necklace from Eden, her charm bracelet, and her wedding ring. 
"I was told by Raven a bit of what to expect."
Laurel huffed, "No one told me! I'm so hot, Adolph, I don't know what to do."
Adolph chuckled, "Is the water not cool enough?"
"It's lovely," she confessed with a sigh, 'I may stay in it all day, but the healer says that's not good for the baby."
"Hot water isn't good for the baby or you for long periods, but if you're running a fever, the cold water should be fine You may get pruney though."
She wrinkled her nose and leaned back against the cool side of the tub, peering at him out of the corner of her eye. 
"What's troubling you, my king?"
Adolph smiled, his eyes warming with desire, "... Call me that again."
She flinched and shook her head, "I don't think so. I'm hot and you're hot and And I'm pregnant! Th-That can't be good for the baby."
He chuckled and reached into the tub to grasp her hand. Her skin was oddly cool and overheated. 
"My mother would get this way when she was pregnant with Elizabeth," Adolph said, wistfully. "She said this was the least favorite part of being pregnant."
"And what was her favorite?"
"Having my father wrapped around her little finger even more than usual."
She laughed, "Your mother sounded like a character."
"She was."
"And you are stalling."
Adolph's lips twitched as he brought her cool fingers to his lips to kiss. 
"I've learned something about Delia."
"What's that?"
"She is descended from the White Oak and Red Stone packs." His lips twitched, "Her parents are mated rogues."
Laurel frowned, "What does that mean? I thought rogues didn't have mates."
Eden told her that there were only two ways to become a rogue: breaking a mate bond and succumbing to a blood aura. Did that mean that Delia's parents had lost themselves to the blood aura?
"Rogues like them are different," Adolph said. "They're somewhere in between a blood aura rogue and someone who has lost a mate bond because their ability to make pack bonds have failed." "I wonder why Eden didn't mention it" Laurel said, "Is it possible that the Wiccans don't know about it?"
Adolph shook his head, "They know I'm sure he didn't mention it because it wasn't worth mentioning it, or maybe he didn't know. The old packs who were not absorbed by the kingdom were thought to be dead." It was troubling that Delia had lied about it, but he couldn't parse through the lie to see the truth. 
"You're worried?"
"A little bit, but more than that, Minister Mirabelle has taken Basil from the castle to prepare for his birthday."
Laurel frowned, "... are you sure?"
"I'm sure that's not all that he's taken him for."
Laurel nodded, "That means he's planning to invite us."
"Yes."
"And we sort of have to go."
He nodded, he squeezed her hand, "You will take the necklace and whatever safety talismans with us and keep them on your person."
Laurel smiled and leaned forward, bestowing a cool kiss to his cheek, "Of course, dear husband."
Her stomach churned at the look of concern on his face. She cupped his face. 
"I won't leave you."
Adolph took her hand, "I won't let you go."
He'd kill them all if Laurel was taken from him. He knew that and worse than that, no one would be able to stop him. He shuddered. 
He didn't want that to happen, so he whispered a prayer that Gavin's plan would fail spectacularly even as part of him knew that Gavin wasn't the main threat that was spurring these dreams.

###chapter 141: Still Parenting
The ride was quiet. Basil was slumped against the door, painfully sober and refusing to look at anyone in the carriage. To Laurel's knowledge, he hadn't wanted to come back to be with Delia to escort her to the estate, but Adolph ordered him to return on principle. Despite their appearances, they were still married. 
It was a bit sad and embarrassing for them in Laurel's mind. Basil knew she had been Laura in her past life. To have thrown her out based on his undeniable love for Delia then not being able to even look at her had to be adding to his guilt and regret. 
She didn't even feel smug about it, just almost feeling sorry for him as if he were a stranger that had been splattered with dirty street water at the passing of a carriage. Delia was tense and looking out the other window. The commotion with her parents had taken all the usual bite out of her it seemed. 
Laurel wondered if they had spoken about her past and that was adding to the tension between them. 
It hadn't taken long for Laurel to regret the suggestion that they all ride together. She glanced at Adolph who seemed to be agreeing with her thoughts. 
*They don't look like newlyweds* Laurel said, *What do you think happened?*
* I get the sense that Basil is realizing that his wolf has more of a part to play in his happiness than he first thought. Growing pains, darling. They were long overdue.*
Laurel frowned, rubbing her stomach thoughtfully. Basil flinched, glancing at her from the corner of his eye before seeming to sink further into himself. Delia's jaw clenched just enough to be noticeable and the oddly hostile energy in the carriage seemed to grow. 
Adolph took her hand, "It is a long ride to the Mirabelle estate, perhaps you should rest, Laurel."
Laurel hummed, leaning against him with a little smile, "Okay but promise me a snack when I wake?"
Adolph laughed, "I'm sure there's something for you in the massive basket Maria packed for us."
Laurel nodded, dozing off against Adolph's shoulder. 
As Laurel's breathing evened out, Adolph guided her to lay her head in his lap as she slept undisturbed by the atmosphere in the carriage. He stroked her hair gently, watching the scenery go by as they rode towards the Mirabelle estate. 
He was grateful to have Laurel spared from this awkward atmosphere and occupied his mind with the future. Another child. More lands. The Wiccans. Eden's status. Pondering the new state of his life was enough to distract him for the entire ride to the Mirabelle estate. 
When the carriage stopped, Laurel stirred and he chuckled. 
"You slept the entire ride," Adolph said as the door opened. Basil shot out of the door as if he had been chased out. A different hand reached in to help Delia out of the carriage as Laurel sat up. 
Laurel pouted, blinking at him blearily, "... hungry."
He chuckled, "Of course. Come on."
He exited the carriage and lifted her out after him. Sam appeared carrying the basked Maria packed for them. He thanked Sam and led Laurel towards the manor. 
It was much different than he remembered, though he had only been there once before. Gavin had been using his ill-gotten funds to expand and renovate the manor. It would be a nice asset for Basil when Gavin inevitably exposed his part to play in all of the machinations against him.
Laurel looked up at the edifice of the manor and felt her heart constricting. She had only ever gone to the Mirabelle estate a few times in the past and it had never been an enjoyable experience. The sight of the renovated manor only made her more furious.
*Upset?* Adolph asked. 
*Furious How much money had he wasted for his vanity?*
*More than either of us can ever know, but no harm in making him spend a little more to cover his tracks, hm?*
That was true, but Gavin's hold on the former ministers wasn't one of just one money. There were secrets between them and Gavin held their strings for so long that it was more likely that they would be bankrupting the few that still had money to spare than damaging Gavin enough to eliminate him as a threat.
"Welcome to the Mirabelle Estate!" The head of the household greeted from the top of the stairs. 
She recognized him as Tina's brother. Tina was the older of the two, but she remembered him being much meaner. His eyes narrowed at her sharply before darting to Adolph. 
"Greetings, Your Majesty." He bowed as they approached. "It is my honor to be attending to your needs."
Adolph eyed him, "It would please me greatly if you would not and send someone else to attend to me and my wife."
A flush of warmth went through her. 
"And if you feel the need to look at your queen and luna with such disrespect again, you will see your sister sooner rather than later."
Gavin flinched as the man went pale. 
"Where is Rheta?" Adolph asked, "I remember her being far more agreeable."
She remembered Rheta as well and a bit of relief went through her at the thought. Rheta had been the only woman among the staff who had any respect for her. She was also incredibly nice.
"Rheta is no longer a servant," Gavin said primly. "She has been assigned to the stables."
Adolph glared at him, "Then promote her back to her station and send her to our chamber."
Adolph led Laurel past the old man and into the manor. Basil was already gone leaving Delia to look around on her own. Adolph shook his head and looked at Gavin. 
"Is this how you have ensured my son's education?" Adolph asked, gesturing to Delia. "To leave his wife like this?"
"Er, well. I imagine-"
"Find him and bring him back here," Adolph said. 
Laurel smiled up at him. Amazed by his attitude. 
"I hope you'll indulge me in this small moment. Apparently, my years of parenting Basil have only just begun."
Laurel chuckled, "I do not believe I will faint from hunger."
"I can send you ahead with Sam."
She shook her head, "I am curious as to what sort of father you are"
Adolph's lips twitched as Delia looked uncomfortable. He looked at Delia. 
"While I do not usually get involved with the marriages of others, he is my son and this is not how I would have ever expected him to behave."
Delia didn't look at him but nodded shakily. 
The servant returned with Basil who looked near queasy. 
"Son," Adolph said, "What show of manners is this?"
"Father-"
"Do not interrupt me," Adolph cut in. "Do not try to explain away your utter disregard for your wife and mate. After proclaiming her to be the love of your life, your mate, and marrying her in the way that you have, you would leave her in the foyer of your grandfather's house as if she is nothing?"
Basil looked down, not ashamed but he acknowledged the admonishment. 
"No matter where she came from, you decided to take her as your wife, accepting her as she is." Adolph said, "Remember that, and act accordingly."
Basil glanced at him before glancing at Laurel who met his gaze. They looked at one another and she could see something in his eyes, struggling to speak though he said nothing as he lowered his gaze again. 
"I understand, father." He turned, refusing to look at Delia, "This way Delia I'll show you to your rooms."
Delia followed him down the hallway, barely taking a glance back at Adolph and Laurel as he led her on. They reached a side of the estate that seemed freshly cleaned but hardly used. Basil opened the door. 
"And where will you be staying?" Delia asked. 
Basil's eye twitched as he glared at her, "How is that any concern of yours?"
"You heard your father. I'm your wife!" Delia huffed, her eyes burning as he glared at her. "I know my parents were-"
"I don't care about that," Basil scoffed. "I figured you had someone back there and they would probably show up again."
Delia's eyes widened, "You thought so. Then this is about Laura? You said you-"
"I know what I said!" Basil hissed. 
"And you haven't even bothered to see me. We haven't spent one night together."
He glared at her, "As I recall, it was your decision first. Upset that I rejected you so long into the marriage? Perhaps you should have thought of that before!"
Delia stared at him wide-eyed as Basil went on, seething and she winced at hearing her actions leading up to his divorce thrown in her face. She had tempted and teased, keeping him just at arm's length while he was still married, feigning concern about Laura, and when he divorced her finally, she had played at being shy, taking advantage of his enraptured state to not call her on her hypocrisy.
Basil scoffed, turning his head, "No. That's not right. Feeling as I do now, as I have been feeling for weeks, I doubted I would have slept with you anyway."
Delia flushed, offended and angry. She was a beautiful woman. What man wouldn't want to sleep with her? 
"This is about Laura. I knew it! You-"
"Yes, it is."
###chapter 142: Panic
The words went through her with a startling shock of pain. He shouldn't have been able to say that to her. He should have denied it before she had even managed to finish accusing him. 
"What did you say?"
Basil shook his head with a groan of annoyance, "Even if we are mates, she didn't deserve that from me. I should have never divorced her."
Delia's eyes widened as a little wave of golden light flickered across his back. Her heart thundered in her chest in terror. Sweat slid down the back of her neck. Was that the light that Eden had warned her about?
How much time did she have left?
"And when Laurel showed up" Basil groaned. "I should have seen it. I should have known and done something before we were married. We wouldn't be here now if I had!"
"Basil, what are you-"
"Three years of marital abstinence and refusing her because of my pride, and now she's married and mated to my father with a child on the way!" He huffed, "The goddess is truly cruel when she wishes."
Delia covered her mouth in horror.
Laurel was Laura? That was impossible.
"You're drunk," Delia gasped as the panic threatened to take her breath away. "She just looks like her. I get it but"
Basil glared at her. His eyes were unwavering and certain. Another flicker of light went through her. His sneer turned into a mocking sneer. 
"Do I look drunk to you?"
His eyes narrowed and flickered with a bit of rogue-red light. Her heart lurched in fear. If someone else saw that, her cover would be completely blown. An alpha wolf would only go rogue in extreme distress without a mate.
Goddess, help her. She had to fix this. Had to calm him somehow.
Delia softened her tone, reaching out to him. 
"Alpha-"
"Don't!" He sneered, pulling back from her as if he had been burned. A glint of golden light broke as he turned. "Just stay in your rooms until the party. Don't expect me to dance with you."
"You can't treat me like this," Delia said. "I'm your wife! Your mate! It doesn't matter what you think is true. She's dead and you divorced her to marry me!"
Basil paused and looked at her, "The only reason why I haven't divorced you yet is that my wolf still has some sort of attachment to you."
Delia gasped, "You You can't."
*You can't!*
She flinched at the sound of Laura's words from so long ago. Her teary face that she had found so humorous before. Every smudge of dirt on her face and stain on Laura's dress had been laughable at the time. Delia's insides turned cold as she looked at Basil. 
"I will do as I please." His lips twitched at the irony of the words as her stomach churned with discomfort. "I won't simply banish you from the castle as you have no pack to return to. I'm sure there's some pack that would be willing to take you."
She couldn't breathe as he turned away from her and walked down the hall. Delia would have chased after him, but the sight of the light flickering off him only froze her in place. 
It was breaking, barely on its last legs. She couldn't chase him now. 
She shuddered. How had she forgotten that at his core he was just a selfish prince? Just another man content to get what he wanted for as long as he could and quick to move on to whatever else struck his fancy.
She had grown complacent because of the enchantment, but she couldn't afford that any longer. 
His words were honest. As soon as the enchantment ended, he would be divorcing her. The tentative mating bond they had was stretched thin, held in place only by the enchantment.
Yet that wasn't the only thing she had to worry about!
Laura was Laurel? How could this have happened?
She thought back to when Laurel first arrived and groaned. The little bit of fear in her eyes, she'd mistaken it for fear of Delia, but it wasn't. She wasn't afraid of much of anything now with Adolph at her side. Whatever misunderstandings there had been between them, in the beginning, were gone now. 
Delia would end up dead if she stayed much longer, but she couldn't just escape now!
She turned quickly back to her room and closed the door as her breathing came in quick pants and for the moment she dissolved into panic. 

Basil walked down the corridor to his rooms from childhood and found his grandfather seated in his parlor. He looked at the old man with an odd sense of fury. 
"What do you want, grandfather?"
Gavin's eyes narrowed, "How dare you talk to me like that?"
Basil scoffed, "I'd rather not talk to you at all, honestly. What do you want? Shouldn't you be preparing for your celebration?"
"Where is Lady Delia?" Gavin asked, "I expected her to stay with you."
"Funny thing about expectations" Basil hissed, scowling as he crossed the room and poured himself a cup of water. He wished it was stronger. He knew where all the alcohol in the estate was and the servants would give him anything he asked for. It wouldn't be hard to find a place to hide and drink himself numb and calm again, but he turned away from the thought. 
His father asked for so little from him. Not drinking wasn't the worst of it. He'd live. He drank from his glass with a grunt. A low burning fury and frustration were burning beneath his skin, itching to get out. He rubbed his chest where the pain seemed centered, trying to focus. 
"This is not the time to be obstinate," Gavin said. "That woman is pregnant with the king's child."
"I know that."
"Then you know there is a chance that it will be a boy! Your position in the kingdom is in danger."
"... you mean your position in the kingdom is in danger."
Gavin gasped, the teacup slipping from his hand.  "What did you just say?"
Basil turned to him, his eyes narrowed and suspicious as he looked at him. 
"Boy. Girl. It won't matter. I will always be a prince for as long as I am a Raymond," he tilted his head, "The Minister Ex Officio... You, Gavin Mirabelle, however, have your position as a matter of ceremony, and your power is based on your connection to a future king."
He scoffed, "You didn't even have the sense in your head to befriend my father and secure your position."
Gavin flinched, "What. You-You know nothing, boy! I have raised you and-"
"Taught me nothing!" Basil laughed. "Because I would be easier to control that way, right? Aunt Raven is right I owe Irene a nice piece of jewelry."
Gavin glared at him, "You were talking to those women? You know they have everything to gain by turning you against me-"
"Like what, Count Mirabelle?"
"Basil!"
Basil laughed, gleeful even as his eyes seemed hazy, yet Gavin knew he hadn't been drinking. He was too coordinated and conscious. His stomach churned as Basil continued to laugh, the mocking derision turned to something manic as he crossed the room and threw himself onto a couch. 
"You know nothing, Basil. You are my grandson-"
"I am your meal ticket," Basil said wearily. "And that is all I have ever been to you just as my mother was."
"You- I loved Olivia-"
"Yet you let her waste away for want of my father knowing that he did not love her!" Basil bared his teeth, his voice shaking the air. "Do not lie and say that you did not know the truth! Spoon-feeding me tales of their love when you knew it was all a lie! Wasting my youth turning me into a puppet when you should have been teaching me the truth of my station."
Basil shook his head, clenching his jaw, "I I will never forgive you, grandfather, for taking my birthright from me."
"I prepared you to be a proper prince-"
"Liar!" Basil roared, making Gavin stumble back at the wave of anger that shook the air. A flicker of red light went through his eyes and rushed around him. 
Gavin stared at him in horror and shock. Rogue light or was it was it something to do with the strength of the Raymond line? Adolph had Laurel yet that light had come when she had nearly been killed. 
Delia was perfectly safe in the manor.
Were they truly mates?
"You taught me nothing! Not how to govern anyone least of all myself. You kept me from learning the sword. From martial training stating that I was above it when you knew how important such a thing was to the Raymond line. Do not lie and say it was about wanting to keep me safe from the war!"
Gavin flinched at his tone. How had he known what he would say?
"You made sure that you could control me. You made sure that if my father came back he would barely recognize me and I I cannot forgive you for that." He shuddered sitting down, "Perhaps I sent her away but you blinded me from childhood to know what she was worth, and I cannot forgive you for that either Please leave, grandfather. While I can still stand to call you that."
Gavin swallowed and rose, leaving silently. The door closed behind him as a soft cry of pain came from Basil. 
He turned his gaze down the hall, considering his next move. Basil would need time before he could calm him. 
"Where is Lady Delia staying?"
"The east wing."
"Take me there."
###chapter 143: Musings And Heat
Adolph and Laurel followed the attendant towards their rooms. chuckled as Laurel walked into their quarters and began to undress, fanning herself as she unbuttoned her traveling cloak and pouted. 
"I'm burning up and I'm hungry."
Adolph closed the door behind him as she started fumbling with the buttons on her dress.
"All these laces! I can't wait to go to the temple."
Adolph chuckled, approaching her and stilling her hands before she damaged the dress that she was so fond of. 
"Let me," Adolph said, kissing her forehead. She practically purred before turning bright red. Adolph grinned at her, lifting an eyebrow at her as he began to unravel the mess she'd made of the fastening ribbons. She was no longer wearing gowns with corsets due to the baby. In its place, her gowns were cinched to her frame using a network of silk ribbons. He wasn't surprised how sick of them she was already given how hot she could get, not even wanting to cuddle next to him in the night and soaking the sheets with her sweat. 
"I'll get you a bath," Adolph said as the last of the ribbons slipped free and she slipped it off her shoulders, leaving her in just her camisole. 
Desire stirred in him, looking at her undressed state. Her cheeks were flushed and she looked away. 
"I promise not to ravish you before you've had a proper meal."
"Th-The doctor said you couldn't!"
He chuckled, "She said quite a few things and there is more than one way to ravish."
She squeaked and darted away from him. He chuckled and picked her gown up as she stood behind the couch as if it would protect her. Once her gown was hung over a nearby chair, he took off his cloak and looked at his wife. 
"Shouldn't you be eating?" Adolph asked, casually. 
"Adolph, we're in the den of an enemy."
He chuckled, "I think there's a certain kind of pleasure to be derived knowing I am enjoying myself in the house of my former father-in-law."
Laurel shook her head, "You You Adolph, I am seeing a very different side of you."
"I am far too old and too important to be squeamish about indulging in whatever pleases me when I wish." He glanced at the basket, "I believe Maria packed enough jam for you to have a full jar with each slab of meat if you wanted."
Laurel stuck out her tongue, "More like so you could have a jar for every loaf of bread."
"Those too."
Laurel crossed the room, humming softly as she unpacked food from the basket and he stepped out of his boots carefully. Slowly, he crossed the room and wrapped his arms around her waist, kissing her temple. 
"Cooler now?"
Laurel shook her head, setting a jar of jam aside, "I think your mother ate her weight in jam while she was pregnant with you and Raven. And spent most of her days in cool water."
He laughed, "Probably. Let me get your bath ready, hm?"
"You're going to carry buckets of water?" Laurel asked. "I was under the impression that only the castle had running water in the rooms."
"If I know Minister Mirabelle, he will have updated his entire manor to have something like it. After staying in the palace and being able to run his bath at any time he wished, he would have spent a great deal of time looking into a way to make it so he could have a similar level of comfort."
He entered the bathroom and smirked. As he expected, there was a pump over the lip of the tub and a fireplace nearby. 
It wasn't the luxury of the castle, but it was as close as he could get without having a connection with the Wiccan Alliance. His lips twitched as he pumped water into the tub and watched it fill after he plugged the drain. He ran his hand under the flowing water and chuckled. 
"You will have to let it sit for a while. The water is a bit warm."
Laurel huffed, "When do we get to go home?"
Adolph smiled at the sound of the word and came back into the room once the tub was filled. 
"Home?"
She nodded, biting into a sandwich of meat and bread, "Home. Where the water is always cold when I want it."
Adolph sat beside her and made a sandwich, "As soon as his celebration is over."
Laurel hummed in delight as she put another swath of jam on her bread. 
"I quite enjoy being pregnant. No one complains about how much jam I eat."
Adolph lifted an eyebrow at her, "Is that a request?"
"A request to." Her eyes widened as she looked up at him in shock. "No! No that is not a request."
Adolph shrugged, "You have no desire for more children?"
Laurel flushed. She had always wanted children. The fact that they would have been heirs to the throne when she was Laura was just icing on the cake, but she had given up those dreams when it was clear that Basil would never touch her that way. She had given up on those dreams. 
She hadn't even let herself consider the potential until recently, now she had a baby on the way with her mate. She looked up at him, a little dizzy with the idea as dreams she had long forgotten began to bubble up. 
"... at least not right now."
Adolph turned his head and his eyes heated just so, smirking at her.
"I'm glad I planned to enjoy my mated life."
She wrinkled her nose. 
"You can have as many of my children as you'd like. Including the eldest."
She laughed, "No, thank you!"
They ate in companionable quiet before she decided she couldn't stand it any longer and needed to get in the tub. Without much preamble, she tossed her camisole off and climbed into the tub. 
He eyed her, wondering if she would be receptive to the idea that was currently running through his mind and making his pants inexplicably tight. 
Laurel sighed, relaxing in the cool water before looking at Adolph who seemed pensive, watching her in the bath. 
"What's wrong?"
His eyes lowered and a jolt of anticipation went through her. Heat pooled between her thighs and she clenched her hands on the rim of the tub. He lifted from the edge of the door and crossed the room with nearly silent steps, prowling towards her until he reached the edge of the tub and kneeled. His eyes drifted over her naked form and she gasped as he rolled up his sleeve. 
"A-Adolph?"
He licked his lip and cupped the back of her head, pulling her close enough to share a breath with him. He dragged his lips across hers. She gasped feeling the heat of his hand warming the water as it drew closer to her. He trailed a finger down her stomach, over the slightest bump and lower. She clenched her thighs together, looking at him worrying her lip. 
"Open," he breathed, his voice rough and near pleading. He seemed as desperate to touch her as she felt to let him. 
"I Adolph"
"Please."
His fingers were near burning against her thigh, trailing over her thigh. She let out a little whimpering gasp as she relaxed and opened her legs for him. He growled against her mouth, taking a firmer grip of her neck and nipping at her lips. 
"Good girl," he said and slipped his tongue into her mouth. She whimpered as he slid his hand between her thighs and stroked her without warning. PLeasure struck through her, making her toes curl at the intensity of it. She heard herself cry out and him growling in pleasure. 
"Yes, Laurel. Just let me"
"Adolph, you-"
He kissed her, swallowing whatever she was going to say as he licked into her mouth and slipped a finger into her, curling it just enough to make her cry out and her body jerk. A knock sounded on the door and she froze, her body tensing and she felt the smirk on his lips. 
"What should we do, my love?" Adolph asked, slipping another finger into her, stroking and pumping his fingers into her, sending shocks of pleasure through her. She pressed her lips together, reaching for his hand to make him stop before they heard her cries. 
"Your Majesty?"
"A-" She smothered a cry in his chest as he pumped his fingers faster and pressed nibbled on her mating mark. Her hips jerked at the spike of almost painful pleasure and she panted, rolling her hips against her hand and trying to keep quiet as the orgasm began to build. 
"Your Majesties?" A voice called through the door. "There's a message for you."
She heard the doorknob turning and panicked as the bathroom door was still wide open. He picked up his pace viciously as she tried to pull his hand free and pressed their lips together as the pleasure crested and her vision went white. 
"Just a moment," Adolph called back, his voice seemingly unaffected as he lay her back in the tub panting and dazed. He licked his lips before pressing a kiss to her forehead.
"I'll bring you a fresh gown."
He turned and left, closing the door behind him as she tried to catch her breath. 
"A message from the capital, Sir Chasel sent it urgently."
"What is it?"
"The Wiccan Alliance says that Eden has woken up, and they're making their way back."
###chapter 144: Grandfather and Granddaughter-In-Law
Laurel's heart lurched. The fever was still in her blood from Adolph's indulgence and the hot flash, but she had to get out of the tub. Her legs slipped out from under her and she huffed. They were still trembling and she glowered down at them with a huff. 
She would scold Adolph properly for making her legs jelly. 
"How long will it take for them to arrive?" Adolph asked beyond the door. 
"A week perhaps? Sir Chasel wasn't clear on that, but he wanted to know what he should do should they return before you have."
"... detain them. If they are resistant to turning over Eden, detain them violently."
"Yes, Your Majesty. Is there any other message I should convey?"
"If they arrive before we have returned, send word by carrier bird."
"Of course, Your Majesty."
The door opened and closed again before Adolph came back into the bathroom. She glowered at him. 
"I suppose you heard that."
"Yes, and my legs don't work!"
He grinned, "I am glad to be fulfilling my marital duty perhaps later you can fulfill yours."
"Adolph" she groaned, her face burning with embarrassment. "Really?"
He shrugged, "You married an older man, my love. That comes with a lack of shame. Stay in the tub. You look overheated. I have to speak with Basil. Perhaps I will send him back and spare him his unfortunate marital situation."
Laurel laughed and huffed. He winked at her and left her alone. 

Delia was barely pulling herself together when a knock sounded on the door. 
She flinched and calmed her voice, "Who is it?"
"Lady Delia? Minister Mirabelle wishes to see you."
Delia growled and whirled to look at herself in the mirror. She didn't look terrible, if a bit pale. She patted her cheeks trying to get some color back into them, before turning and going to the door. She opened the door and gave Gavin her most polite smile. He smiled, but his eyes seemed to be assessing her. 
"Minister Mirabelle," Delia said, "What brought you to see me?"
"Such formality! You are family now, please, call me Gavin at least. I thought it would be a good time to have a bit of your time as Basil seems to be under the weather."
Delia's heart clenched and she nodded, "He did seem out of it. Of course, please come in."
Gavin turned back, "Bring us a full spread for tea, hm? I'm sure the young woman is hungry from her travels."
The servant left and she led him to the small parlor and sat. Gavin said nothing until the servants came back with the food and tea. When the door closed, his face lost its humor. 
"Delia," Gavin said, "You are in a precarious position, aren't you?"
She stared at him blankly, "What is it that you mean?"
"You are not Basil's mate," Gavin said bluntly. He smiled, "How you've managed to make him think you are, I can only imagine has more to do with your beauty and other skills, than any genuine connection."
Delia forced herself to frown in confusion though her heart was racing. She was lucky, of course, that Gavin was old enough that his senses had diminished and he was not an alpha werewolf. If this was Adolph she was facing, it would be a very different story. 
"Gavin why would you say such a hateful thing to me?" Delia asked, looking away and allowing her eyes to gloss over with tears. "I know that I am not as well-versed in the political needs of the nation, but I am trying. If you hate me so much, though we have never spoken much, why don't you speak to Basil about it?"
"No mated pair would act the way you two do."
"Forgive me, Gavin, but as I recall you have never been mated. What would you know about it?"
Gavin flinched, shocked as she looked down at her hands. 
"Basil and I are struggling, yes, but I believe it is because he is simply starting to grieve Laura. They were married for three years after all."
"His Majesty and his new wife are certainly a mated pair yet you do not even seem to have a remotely similar interaction with my grandson."
"Every mated pair must find their way," Delia lifted a shoulder delicately. "We met at such an emotional time in my life and we have hardly had a moment's reprieve since then. Our issues will work themselves out in time."
"Why then did he put you over here?"
Delia frowned, "What makes you think that he put me over here and I did not request some distance?"
Gavin frowned, "What do you mean?"
"Though it is painful to be apart from him, it is for the best while he deals with his grief. He isn't drinking anymore so his mood swings are a bit frightening." She swallowed, digging deep. "IBefore I came to the castle, my life was mired in violence. Seeing him like that frightens me. Hence, I am over here."
Gavin eyed her, unable to sense any lie in her words, but he knew what he saw. 
"My grandson has rogue light sparking in his eyes. How do you explain that?"
"His Majesty had the same," Delia said. "Isn't that just a sign of how powerful they are?"
Gavin hummed, "He is convinced that Laurel is Laura."
Delia gave him a sympathetic look, "Yes he said as much to me. He regrets banishing her the way he did. Acting so rashly ultimately cost her life, though indirectly. I think it's part of why he's suffering so much. He was under a lot of pressure with the constant fear that his father would end up dead. He didn't feel prepared to take the throne of His Majesty were to die in battle"
She went on, weaving an inner view of Basil that would make her seem closer to him than they actually were. If she was right, Gavin wouldn't think twice about it as he wasn't close enough to Basil to know the difference anyway. 
Yet Gavin said nothing, turning over her words as she made a show of pulling herself together and wiping her tears. 
"Well, Lady Delia," Gavin began, "That is all well and good, but there is one thing that you've forgotten in your little act."
Delia frowned, "What"
"He's told me he plans to divorce you."
Delia blinked and she let out a startled laugh. The man's face was superior, a picture of feigned non-interest, but he was as plain as an open book. That at least was a lie. His entire demeanor had changed when she let out a startled laugh. 
"Gavin, I don't know what I did to make you dislike me so much I understand that you don't like our luna, Laurel, and the time we spend together may seem suspicious to you, but I think you might come to like her more if you spent some time with her."
Gavin's lips twitched and his eyes narrowed as he flushed. Delia felt the conversation turning and gave a little pout. 
"I'm sure you loved your daughter. I'm sure you love her still. It's probably very hard to see another woman in her position, especially when she was taken from you so abruptly, but aren't there better ways to deal with your grief than attempting to drive a wedge between Basil and me?"
"That is actually why I came to speak to you," Gavin said, sipping his tea. "Why is it that you and Laurel spend so much time together? You are being trained by Lady Helena are you not?"
Delia giggled, "It is odd for you to be so interested in what young women talk about, Gavin. I assure you that I protect your grandson's modesty."
His cheeks darkened, "As far as I am concerned, you are a suspicious, unknown entity we have allowed into our midst."
"You."
"What?"
"You and the former ministers," Delia said with a steady gaze, "By virtue of not educating the heir about his position, you have allowed us to finally meet."
*And for that grandfather, I will never forgive you.* *Gavin's stomach turned as he met Delia's gaze.* 
"And for that, I thank you from the bottom of my heart." Her gaze turned cold and mocking. "I hope you will treat our future children with more care, though I imagine their grandfather will keep a much closer eye on them as he is back in the castle."
Gavin's eyes widened and he set his cup down. Before he could speak, a knock sounded on the door. 
"Please come in," Delia called, sipping her tea. The door opened with a servant's entrance. She bowed. 
"Forgive the intrusion, Minister Mirabelle. A message has arrived from the capital and His Majesty has asked that you be told."
Gavin stood, "We will have to continue our conversation another time, Delia."
"Of course, Gavin."
He left with a clenched jaw. Delia was a more difficult woman than he had ever thought and too smart for her good. 
What happened to the standard of woman Olivia had lived up to: simple, obedient, and fanciful? Delia had issued a subtle warning and Gavin would have to find a way around it to force her to comply with his plan.

###chapter 145: A Bit of Hope
Delia closed the door as Gavin exited and turned from it. She may have thrown him off her scent for now, but it wouldn't last long. Gavin was planning to out her to Adolph and Basil if given a chance. She couldn't be around when that happened. She couldn't give Basil a chance to change his mind and banish her either. 
She should have gotten out much earlier than now, but it wasn't too late. She went into her bed-chamber, looking for the trunk where she'd put her bag. As she expected it was at the bottom of the least lavish trunk among them. She put it under a bunch of things that didn't seem to have much importance to her. She was glad that she'd at least had the sense to make sure she brought it with her on this trip. 
If Gavin knew that Laura was Laurel, it was only a matter of time before everyone knew, including Adolph. What he would ask her didn't matter. What mattered more than Basil's plans to divorce her was that Laura might remember enough about the night she was murdered to start an investigation. Basil knew she had gone missing for a bit during their engagement party. In the state that he was in now, he'd let it slip and wouldn't even care to make sure that people gave her the benefit of the doubt. 
And then, there was just Laura, in general, to worry about. While Laura had known nothing about men, she had apparently wizened up in her second life and snagged the alpha king of all people. Sure, they were mates, but were they really? If Delia had played a different game, if she'd focused on keeping Basil rather than chasing after Eden through her actions, she and Basil might look a lot like Adolph and Laurel did now. 
Her mistakes had already been made and there was no way to fix them. The only thing she could do now was to get out before they decided to interrogate her. She didn't want to be on the other side of the table from Adolph when she had virtually nothing to offer. They wouldn't even consider giving her a plea deal since the queen was dead, let alone simply exiling her from the country, especially since they knew that her parents had served the vampire queen directly. 
She hadn't even known! 
She turned her thoughts away from the irony of them ending up working for the vampire queen even after she had left them. 
She had to focus and do a bit of guesswork about how long she had before the lie all came crashing down.
How long would it take for Laura to figure out that she had been murdered? Had she already figured that out? Is that why she came back? How long would it take for her to figure out that Basil's feelings for Delia were all a lie? Maybe she already knew or suspected, but would she connect that to her murder?
She hadn't been seen, Delia was certain of that. She'd been so pitiful that she hadn't even noticed Delia coming up behind her. She hadn't had time to turn around and see Delia.
After shoving Laurel, she'd hustled back to the castle and snuck back in. She hadn't been seen, she knew that and she'd been so proud that she had hastened the plan along with such ease. She'd expected Eden to be proud of her, yet she never had the chance to tell her that she'd been the reason Laura was dead. 
Still, she couldn't rely on her own knowledge of the events when others knew that she had disappeared for enough time to murder Laura. 
She couldn't chance being around when people started asking questions. Quickly, she changed out of her blue silk dress with a bit of regret. She really liked this dress and all the others. She wanted to take one of them with her, but she knew from experience that it would just make her a target to either be attacked or accused of theft. She didn't know if the borders were still closed, but there was no way they could cover the entire border through the forest with the kingdom's forces. 
She put all of her jewelry in her bag and gathered whatever money she had in her luggage. There wasn't much since she spent so much of it and her budget had been cut, but she had lived on less once upon a time. She could learn to do it again. 
As she slipped on the old, nondescript cloak, she sighed in regret.
She would miss the ease of life in the castle, but it was better to die in the simple comfort of old age than die by execution in a silk gown. She had entered the deal with the vampire queen and Eden with the expectation that she would live the rest of her days in peace and riches either at Eden's side or in the werewolf kingdom.
She pressed her ear to the door, listening for anyone nearby. When she was certain no one was there, she headed out, careful to close her door silently as she made her way down the hallway. She took the path she guessed was to the kitchens when she heard a voice coming down the hallway. She darted into a corridor and remained still, listening. 
"I am sorry, Minister Mirabelle. I must be on my way."
"Surely, you have more information than that. How does a dead man simply wake up? Are you certain that the Wiccans are bringing him back-"
"Minister Mirabelle," the voice turned stern. "You are impeding my duties. I have to report back to the castle with His Majesty's orders at once. Please step aside."
She heard the rustle of a cloak and felt her heart swell with hope. There was only one dead man that was in any state to wake up with the Wiccans. 
Eden was alive and awake! He was coming back to the castle. Would she be able to see him again? Her heart fluttered. If so, she could ask him what to do next. She didn't know how soon he would return, but if she could hold on a bit longer then she'd get to see him. 
Was it worth it though? The danger of staying was a far bigger unknown. She worried her lip. 
"He will want to leave as soon as the celebration is over," Gavin hissed. Something crashed around the corner. "Damn it. Have they arrived yet?"
"Yes, Minister Mirabelle. They have been placed in the guest suites and clothed as you asked."
"Good, I will see them later. Go on and finish the preparations."
Delia frowned and turned back towards her room, taking the same path and barely breathing until she could close the door behind her. 
Eden would have a plan. He'd know what to do if he understood how serious her position was. He'd at least help her escape if he knew. Gavin was planning something with regards to the party and maybe, just maybe, uncovering it would keep her safe a bit longer. 
If not to keep her safe, then it would at least give her something to hold over Gavin's head. 
She took a deep breath and returned her bag to the bottom of her luggage. 
She would stay for now, but as soon as it wasn't safe. She'd run if there was really no hope left. 

Laurel got out of the tub and dressed for dinner. Adolph remained seated, staring out into space, fully dressed and pensive. 
"What is it?"
"... They're actually bringing him back."
Laurel looked at him, "Surprised?"
"His grandfather knows that I plan to kill him."
"Perhaps you won't." Adolph looked at her and she sat beside him. "Perhaps, you'll think of some other way to deal with Eden and make sure he's not a threat."
"Doubtful."
She shrugged, "Well, running him through with your sword didn't work. Do you plan on drawing and quartering him next?"
Adolph glowered at her and huffed, "Pregnancy has made you sassy."
Laurel giggled, kissing his cheek and biting her lip, pressing her breasts against him. His eyes widened just a bit as she trailed her hand down his chest and licked her lips as their gazes met. 
"It's made me quite a few things."
Alice purred in her chest as Laurel wished she could panic. Adolph's eyes began to glow red and she felt his wolf surfacing in the way his skin heated up and his pupils dilated. 
She felt oddly powerful. Daring and a little outside of herself. Was it normal to suddenly get frisky when pregnant? His hands had felt incredible early. 
"Laurel"
She stood abruptly, "It's dinner time."
Adolph groaned, rubbing the space between his eyebrows, "Little minx."
She grinned at him, "Well the sooner we get through the celebration the sooner we can retire, right?"
He stood, took her hand, and led her towards the door as she laughed.
###chapter 146: Her Fault
Gavin paced his office, worrying his lip. The celebration was already underway with more people arriving by the minute. These plans he'd had to get rid of Laurel had been weeks in the making, yet he was having to change his plans quickly. 
He had not expected Adolph and Laurel to be so guarded even here. None of their entourage was swayed by promises of money or status. They seemed more offended by the idea and on the verge of giving everything away. There were no openings in the royal retinue where he might squeeze in one of his operatives. The royal cooks who had arrived and taken over part of his manor's kitchen to prepare food for them were more guarded than even their bodyguards. 
They had knights inside the kitchen, keeping the staff divided though they were making all the same dishes. They didn't even share utensils!
No matter how he looked at it, poisoning Laurel to get rid of her unborn offspring, and hopefully her, wasn't an option unless he wanted to end up dead as well.
He adjusted his jacket, trying to calm himself. It could be worse. 
It was just as well that they weren't poisoned at his manor, he supposed. It would be suspicious. 
He thought back to his conversation with Delia and huffed. At the least, his plans involving Laura's parents might bear some fruit to reveal whether or not Basil was right. 
There were miracles in this world that couldn't be explained as anything but the moon goddess' will. 
The fact that Adolph had found his mate at all was one of them. His return from the battlefield was yet another. Laura being reincarnated into the body of a seventeen-year-old girl would be another. 
His father told him once that blessings and curses each tended to come in three. Maybe there was some truth to that, though when his *blessings* were meant to come, he didn't know!
"How are the guests settling in?" Gavin asked the servant nearby. 
"They seem to be enjoying the festivities well enough. The last of the guests arrived just a few moments ago and are being directed to the ballroom."
"Good. Keep the alcohol flowing," Gavin said. "At the very least, it will loosen their lips and perhaps this evening might be enjoyable."
"Of course, my lord." The servant ducked out of the room as Gavin lifted his head and looked at himself in the mirror. 
This party was meant to be more than just a chance to murder Laurel, but a chance to re-establish old friendships. He would just have to focus on that. He knew a few drinks meant that most people would start gossiping loudly. He had servants stationed around the room to pick up every tendril to be used to his benefit later. 
Perhaps someone from Raven or Irene's pack would let slip a vital secret he could use to make them accomplices in Laurel's impending death.
With one last check of his appearance, he walked downstairs to the main ballroom to greet his guests. 
In place of the festive atmosphere he expected, the hall seemed stilted. The lavish decorations hung over the ballroom like crows waiting for an execution. The music, though an upbeat song, seemed as abysmal as a funeral march. 
The only people who didn't seem affected by the atmosphere were Adolph and Laurel, who waltzed elegantly around the room as if they had been doing so for years. 
The sight of it burned him. 
Adolph had never danced with Olivia, not even on their wedding day. It was not a requirement, of course, but everyone thought it was a tradition of the Raymond family to dance on their wedding day. Everyone knew that the late king and queen had danced their entire ceremony and at nearly every other event they attended until the queen had died. 
Across the room, he saw Raven and Henry getting ready to take the floor and grit his teeth. 
Watching the two pairs whirl around as if there was nothing wrong in the world irritated him. His hands twitched with anger. 
How he would have liked to stride across the room and wrap his hands around Laurel's neck.
She had ruined everything from the moment she had come to the palace. 
Why could no one else see that? 
Basil was losing his mind. 
The ministry had been dissolved and was currently under either house arrest or banished for enjoying the benefits of their stations, and his birthday had become the scene of a murder plot where it had been a chance to cultivate more power among the nobility in the years before. 
He hated that girl with a passion. 
As soon as she was gone, everything would start returning to normal. 
The song ended and the couples stepped off the floor, parting to speak with others. Adolph pressed a kiss to Laurel's head in a haunting replica of his father, with Laurel playing the part of his mother before going to speak with a young knight. 
Gavin narrowed his eyes, seeing a chance. He was going to walk over when he saw Basil watching him from the other side of the room, holding a glass of water and keeping to himself at a corner table. His clear blue eyes were narrowed and more watchful than he had ever thought possible of his grandson. 
*I will never forgive you, grandfather, for taking my birthright from me.*
He froze, thinking of his grandson's words. He had been in anguish, but there was a fury behind that anger. 
Did Basil have enough anger in his heart to try and kill him? Could all the years of watching him, learning from him, have taught Basil the cunning and planning needed to develop a murder plot?
Gavin had learned from his father many things, including the proper way to murder someone. Basil's gaze didn't leave him. It was odd being watched by the young man he'd kept such an eye on since he was born. 
What would happen if Basil ever found out the truth of Olivia's death? 
*Yet you let her waste away for want of my father knowing that he did not love her!*
He winced at the words. If only they were accurate. Wasting away at the end would have been preferable to what happened, but that hardly mattered now. 
He clenched his fist. He had more reasons for resenting Adolph than these more recent offenses. 
His mother had been the most beautiful woman in the kingdom of their generation. Had things been different, she might have been his countess. It should have been his right to have her, but Adolph's father had been persistent. Caring neither about her station in the kingdom, nor Gavin's plans for his county and pack. 
In another life, Adolph would have been his son by that woman, and the Mirabelle line would have had the ties to the temple that the Raymond line now enjoyed. 
Yet, he had been stuck with Olivia's mother who could not even have the decency to bear him one son before she died. 
Perhaps, the goddess had never favored his family.
Then, something happened that gave him hope. 
Delia walked to Laurel, bowed politely, and said something to her. Whatever the women spoke about, it seemed amicable enough. Delia gestured to the large glass doors and they strolled towards them. 
There was hope at last. He glanced at Laura's parents who seemed stunned to one side of the room. Then, Basil stood from his seat. Gavin hurried across the room, cutting Basil off from going after them. 
"Basil, I need you."
"Not now, grandfather."
"If not now, then when?" He asked with a grin of mirth. "Won't you humor this old man on his birthday?"
Basil narrowed his eyes at him, "What are you playing at? Don't you have schmoozing to do?"
Gavin flinched at the harshness in his gaze and took his arm, "I wanted to introduce you to a few nobles whom you've never met before. Perhaps among them, you might findkindred spirits."
He pushed and shoved Basil towards the group of noblewomen he knew would be to his grandson's taste. If he was not sleeping with his wife, there was a greater chance for him to be distracted by beautiful women. They turned, smiling prettily, and pulled him into the conversation with their charm and grace. 
While Basil was stiff, he was not so deep in his anger to forget good manners. 
While he was busy he signaled to a nearby staff member to go after Delia and Laurel. As he was leaving, Gavin slipped into the man's path.
"It must remain a dark night," he said. "A star can fall if it must."
He nodded and Gavin rounded the room to the table to grab a glass of wine before making his way to the front of the room and keeping an eye on Adolph. 
With any luck, by the time Adolph noticed that his wife was missing, she would be dead.
###chapter 147: Light of the Night
*Laurel?* *Where are you?*
Laurel looked up as Adolph's words came to her mind. She followed Delia through the garden away from the lights of the ballroom and into the night. The moon was full above them as they walked.  "So, what is that you wanted to speak to me about?" Laurel asked. 
*I'm outside with Delia.*
"I" Delia blew out a pained breath as they walked. "It's going to sound really insincere, considering everything, but"
They came to an outcropping of rock. She could barely make out the sounds of the party in the distance. The scent of wine and the wind made her shudder. Had it been so long since she was waking up screaming in terror from the memory of being pushed to her death. She looked up at the moon and felt the memory surfacing just a little, but pushed it away.
*I'm coming to get you.*
"I wanted to say I'm sorry."
"Sorry for-"
Alice growled, *Move!*
Laurel turned around just as Delia lunged for her and shoved her back. Her feet slipped, but she leaned forward, avoiding falling over the edge. Delia bared her teeth, her eyes glinting red with rogue light and Laurel's heart clenched. 
"You just couldn't make it easy could you?" Delia glared at her. "Now I have to kick you off."
"Delia" Laurel gasped as a scent she hadn't recognized in her past life came to her nose. Tart, bitter, and a bit like stagnant water. 
It was coming from Delia. 
"You You're the one."
Delia blinked at her, "What?"
"You're the one who killed me" Laurel said, wide-eyed. 
Delia's eyes widened before she threw her head back and laughed. 
"I really hoped Basil was just drunk again when he said it, but it seems he wasn't!" Delia grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled the jeweled clip free. Her hair unraveled in the wind as Laurel scrambled to get a hold of Delia's dress. 
The fabric ripped as Delia pushed her back. She struggled, but Delia was much stronger than she looked, likely because she was a rogue. 
"What is your problem?" Laurel screeched, digging in her heels. "Basil loved you! He wanted to give you everything. Why would you kill me?"
"Poor little Laura," Delia scoffed. "Just go over the cliff like a good girl and get out of my way!"
Laurel pushed harder, trying to buy some time as she reached through to Adolph.
*The cliff, Adolph!* *We're at the cliff.*
She felt his panic through their bond and his haste, but Delia growled, shoving her back. 
She felt the edge of the rock then nothing as she stumbled back into the air. 
Delia grinned as Laurel went over the edge, waiting to hear the same scream from before, but it didn't come and Laurel didn't fall. 
"What?"
The gems in Laurel's necklace lit up and shot a beam of light into the sky, keeping her perfectly suspended in the air, unharmed. 
"What?!" Delia hissed, looking at her floating in the air. "Damn you!" 
Delia turned as Laurel remained floating in the air, panting in terror and looking at her wide-eyed.
She didn't know how long it would take to get her down, or what else would happen, but Delia's best bet to survive the night was to escape now. Maybe the magic would wear off, but she couldn't chance it now, especially if anyone had noticed them leaving together.
She hurried back towards the manor and tried to dive aside when she heard running footsteps, but the sight of him, red-eyed and furious struck her silent. 
Adolph growled at her, "Seize her. I want her questioned."
He charged past as Delia tried to find the strength to escape, but the three guards who had followed him grabbed her. 
"Don't struggle, it will only make it worse."
"Let go of me! I am the prince's wife! You don't have the right to touch me!"
"Take her back to the castle and put her in the dungeons," Basil's voice drifted towards her on the wind. Her jaw dropped open at his words. His expression was cold as he looked at her. "Put her in the cell next to Tina's."

Adolph charged through the forest towards the light. 
"Laurel!" He called. "Laurel!"
He prayed he would make it. Prayed that the beam of light would lead him to her still alive and well. 
*Goddess, if ever I have been worthy, I beg you.* *Please don't take her from me*
He reached the cleared outcropping of rock and skidded to a stop in shock as Laurel remained floating in the air, her breathing coming out in hurried, short breaths. Other than her hair whipping around in the wind and the bit of dirt on her gown, she seemed otherwise unharmed. 
Adolph walked forward, a bit frightened that she would just plummet into the canyon. 
"Laurel, darling, I'm here" He said calmly, reaching for her and bracing himself in case she did simply fall, yet when their hands met, she simply looked at him, eyes wide and frightful. He walked backward, holding her hand and pulling her floating body back over solid ground. When he was sure that she was completely safe, he pulled her into his arms.  "I have you now," Adolph whispered, feeling her tremble. The light of the necklace died down and he felt her weight start to rest in his arms. He lifted her against his chest and turned back towards the castle. 
She didn't speak, maybe too afraid or shocked. She shivered against him as he hurried back to the manor. Basil was waiting for him at the door with Chasel. 
"I've sent the guards to take her back to the castle to be put in the dungeon," Basil said, meeting Adolph's gaze. "In a cell next to Tina's."
Adolph almost chuckled at that, "Thank you for your quick thinking, Basil. You've done well Though we may have to speak about your spiteful streak."
Basil's eyes narrowed. He seemed a bit defensive but he relaxed and a boyish light filled his eyes with pride and happiness. His eyes flickered red for a moment before lowering to the ground.  He shuffled his feet and turned. 
"Wait," Adolph said softly, "Your eyes"
Basil looked at him, "My eyes?"
"They were red just a moment ago. How long have they been doing that?"
Basil frowned, "For a few months, I think since since Laura's death."
"What?" Chasel asked, his voice as haunted as Adolph felt. "That can't be possible."
It was impossible for Basil to have the curse of the blood aura. He hadn't passed to him. He couldn't have passed it to him.
"I don't understand," Basil said, frowning as Gavin came to the back door. "Your eyes turn red, father."
"What is going on?" Gavin asked, "Why was Delia"
"My wolf form's eyes glow red and have since I was born My eyes turn red in my human form because I am cursed."
Basil's eyes widened and he looked terrified and distraught as he gasped, "C-Cursed? But father- How are you- What?"
Basil's eyes flickered red and Adolph stepped closer to him, urging Chasel to ease away from him. Gavin flinched and stepped back several feet. 
"Easy," Adolph said, "We will talk about it, but you must calm yourself for now."
He looked at Gavin, "When he first shifted what color were his eyes?"
Gavin blinked. He had no idea and that only infuriated him further. 
"You were not there when he shifted for the first time?" Adolph asked. "You allowed him to go through the shift alone?"
"H-He wasn't I didn't Well, I-"
"Grandfather doesn't know how to shift." A surge of panic went through Adolph as he looked at Basil who seemed deeply uncomfortable. "No one at the estate did either I never asked."
Adolph cursed himself, "We will remedy that soon. I I am sorry, Basil."
He lifted his head, shocked. 
"It seems I have failed you as a father more than I ever imagined."
Basil blinked and looked away, "You were defending the nation, father. You have never failed me."
Adolph wished Laurel was able to speak to him, but her breathing had just begun to even out into a slow draw and he had no wish to wake her. 
"We return to the castle tonight. Basil, you are welcome to stay here if you wish."
"I don't," Basil said and looked at Laurel, "Is she okay?"
Adolph nodded, "She will be fine As for your wife"
Basil shook his head, "I would expect nothing less for such a threat to the kingdom."
Basil turned, "I will get the carriages ready and have the servants pack our things and follow behind."
As Basil left, Adolph smirked and looked at Gavin whose face was contorted with shock. 
"I would be careful, Minister Mirabelle," Adolph said as he walked past. "It looks as though Basil has seen something in you he does not like and he takes after me more than you could have ever known."
###chapter 148: Compelled To Truth
He settled Laurel into his lap as the carriage began to pull away. It had been a night of revelations and surprises. 
He had never known that Gavin couldn't shift, though he wasn't surprised that Gavin had hired staff that also couldn't shift, whether they were human or simply out of contact with their wolves. 
He had never expected that Basil had gone through the shift alone. The grief made his heart clench. The first shift could be terrifying. Without guidance, it could have done so much damage. 
Then, there was the matter of his son on the edge of going rogue. 
He'd had his suspicions about them not being fated mates, but he had never imagined that they had no mating bond beyond a marked bond. His head ached. 
Basil would need treatment and he would need to speak to his son about his shifting experiences. 
Basil told him that he didn't remember. Did that mean he only shifted under duress? Did he blackout during it? 
Had he ever *truly* shifted or did he just think he had? If he had been hiding his red eyes for months, he could have been hiding his lack of shifting for years. 
By the goddess, what was he going to do?
It was possible that Basil couldn't shift, the same way that Gavin couldn't, but that didn't feel true to him. 
He would figure it out and hope that it wasn't too late to fix that problem. He looked down at Laurel as she started to stir. 
"Hey," he said gently as her eyes fluttered open. "How are you feeling?"
She blinked, though her eyes seemed unfocused. He stroked her hair gently. 
"Can you hear me?" He asked.
She blinked again and her eyes drifted around the carriage before her eyes turned glossy. 
"... killed me."
Adolph froze as she sniffled. 
"Took everything and killed me. Why?"
Adolph swallowed, pulling her closer, pressing her head to his chest. 
"Only she would know that. You can't try to understand the ambitions and cruelty of others, Laurel."
She shuddered against him, "But But she"
"Won't get away with it," Adolph said, "And if if you need the answers, I will get them for you."
One way or another. 

Days passed, and Delia was starting to get dizzy. The soldiers dragged her out multiple times to be interrogated and listening to Tina's insane ramblings in the cell next to hers was getting to be too much.
Where was Eden? Had he heard about the way she was being treated? When would he come to get her out?
The keys rattled in the door again and a guard pulled her onto her feet and out the door. They weren't going to an interrogation hall, it seemed as they dragged her through the hallways towards the throne room. 
Did that mean she would be in front of Adolph? She didn't want to see him. He'd kill her. She knew it. 
She pulled back, digging in her heels, "Let me-"
Her voice broke off as she watched a familiar form walk towards the room escorted by several guards. In place of his merchant's clothing, he wore long robes of white over pieces of armor. His gray eyes were clear and his expression had lost its mask-like feeling. He looked content and peaceful as he walked.
Yet, he didn't look at her as he proceeded her into the hall. 
She kept her mouth shut as the guards pulled her into the hall. Laurel was there on her throne beside Adolph, looking a bit pale, but her eyes were steely and determined. 
On the other side of Adolph, Basil sat, his eyes distant and hard as she was brought to the center of the room. 
Eden looked around the room. He knew the faces in the room, but he couldn't remember any of them exactly. As Adolph began to speak about everything he'd done, but couldn't remember, none of the details struck anything in his mind. 
"Have you anything to say?" Adolph asked. "Anything to add?"
He frowned looking at Adolph, "Do you want me to say anything? It doesn't seem like you do."
Adolph's eyes narrowed, "I don't."
Eden nodded and shrugged, "I have no memory of it, but it doesn't seem like anyone is jumping to my defense, so I have nothing."
"You are wrong," Laurel said, drawing his attention. Something stirred in his chest, like the faintest memory of a dream. 
He had known this woman at some point 
"While you may have been involved in the plot of the vampire queen, you are also the reason she is dead," Laurel said. "You kidnapped me from the city, but never harmed me. The current state of the vampire lands and the end of the war is largely your doing."
The words didn't seem false, but they were colored with an odd sense of the events. This woman had cared about him before. 
She still cared about him in some way. 
"Are you the white wolf?"
Her eyes widened in shock. Adolph's eyes narrowed at him. 
"What does that matter?" Delia hissed, drawing everyone's attention as she looked at Eden. "What about me?"
Eden looked at her, dragging his gaze over her trembling, wretched form. Her eyes were wet and glossy, but she seemed furious. 
"You are being charged with attempted murder of the luna," Adolph said coolly. "It is only due process and happenstance that has allowed you to stay alive this long."
"B-Basil, alpha, how are you going to let them accuse me like this?"
Basil's jaw tightened as Eden looked between them. His eyes flashed red as golden light flickered across his chest. 
He turned to Delia, "You seem to know me."
Delia's eyes widened as her jaw dropped open, "You"
She sniffled, "You don't know me?"
He titled his head, "I gave you something, didn't I?"
She choked. 
"What?"
"There's only one reason you would want to kill the current luna, and that would be to take her place. You're impulsive; otherwise, you would have chosen a better place to attempt to kill her. Morrigan likes the impulsive so I assume you worked with her."
"M-Morrigan?" Delia asked. "Wh-What? Who-"
"The vampire queen," Eden said, "She sent you here, didn't she?"
"I- What?"
"Answer me," Eden said, his voice shaking the air though it was barely above his normal speaking tone. 
She shuddered as the truth wanted to work its way free of her mind. 
"... Yes," she grit out.
The gasp that went around.  "For what purpose?"
"How is he doing that?" Adolph asked. 
"As I said before, Your Majesty," Taliesin said, eyeing Eden warily, "Eden is quite powerful Though even I didn't know he could compel a werewolf to tell the truth."
"She is a rogue," Eden said, "The rules are different. Her lack of pack bonds, mate or familial, leaves her defenseless. Answer the question."
Delia's eyes watered as she tried to resist, but the words came, "She planned to take over the werewolf kingdom, make it collapse from the inside."
"And how were you meant to do that?"
Tears streamed down her face as she tried to resist, holding back the words, but she couldn't. 
"Basil!" She gasped, groaning as the compulsion pushed her. "I had to get Basil on the throne."
"And the king?" Eden asked, tilting his head, "What was meant to come of him?"
"He was going to die on the battlefield!" Delia said, "She she only planned to retreat and then ambush him in the capital after I'd gotten them inside"
She turned her head, "Eden, stop! Please! What about the plan?"
"What plan?" Eden asked. 
"You You said that I'd be lunaYou said You offered me up as an option for her plan!"
"I doubt you were supposed to kill the luna in the process," Eden said, "Morrigan would have wanted to do that herself."
Delia growled at him, "Laura was in the way! She had to die!"
Basil went still and pale, "What?"
Delia shut her mouth and Eden glared at her, *"Answer him."*
She turned her head, "I I pushed her off the cliff I would have pushed Laurel off that cliff too if she hadn't been wearing that necklace!"
"Why?" Laurel asked, "If Laura had already been divorced, why not just let her leave the kingdom in peace? Why kill her?"
Delia scoffed, "Obviously, she was a threat to the plan! The queen didn't see that. Eden didn't see that! I was doing it for the plan!"
"You did it for yourself," Eden said. "I gave you a potion, didn't I? To help this along?"
"What about it?"
"Grief is a strong emotion. You undid the main work of that potion when you killed her," Eden said. Delia gasped in horror. "I'm sure I would have explained this to you at least, though I wouldn't have told Morrigan. The potion enchants and allows you to form a bond, but you have to work at it, slowly and supplant the feelings that were already there. You were better off emulating Laura and slowly getting him to fall for you than using the potion to control him and killing her."
Eden chuckled, "But as I said, Morrigan likes the impatient. I'm pretty sure I offered you up because I knew she would take the bait though I am sorry that the former luna had to die."
Delia let out a wail, "Stop! You're ruining everything!"
###chapter 149: A Life For A Life
The silence was deafening. Laurel wasn't sure if she could handle hearing anymore. It wasn't even a part of Morrigan's plan, but Delia's jealousy and hastiness? Her death had served no purpose other than satisfying Delia's ambition? 
She hadn't allowed herself to think about who had killed her, but she'd had plenty of ideas about why. They revolved around the kingdom's stability and Basil's incompetence. When Eden had her kidnapped, she had wondered if he knew why Laura had died, yet his answer as he lay in her arms had been honest. 
Morrigan hadn't even seen her as an obstacle to getting Delia married to Basil. 
How could anyone be so cruel? She wondered, staring at a loss at Delia. Adolph squeezed her hand.
"So why attempt to kill me?" Laurel asked, her voice barely above a whisper. 
Delia glared at her, "You're just as much in the way as she was. What else?"
Delia growled, turning her head and glaring at Eden, "Stop making me say things!"
Eden lifted an eyebrow, "I didn't. You're just an evil person."
She flushed. Her pretty face scrunched up in fury as she bared her teeth. Rogue red light flickered around her and Eden watched her carefully.
"What is the nature of this potion?" Adolph asked. "Why does it matter?"
Eden eyed Delia then looked at Basil who remained frozen in his seat.
"When I was here what was I?" Eden asked, "An attendant of some kind?"
"A merchant," Laurel said, "You ran a human merchant caravan that had close ties to Minister Mirabelle."
Eden looked at Gavin, "Who are you to the royal family?"
He flushed, "You--"
"He is the prince's grandfather," Laurel said as Gavin went pale. He looked trapped as if he was trying to figure out if he'd inadvertently aided the scheme. Laurel doubted he'd said anything obvious about it, perhaps given too much information about Basil's incompetence, but nothing more than that.
Eden hummed and looked thoughtful, "Well, I could have given her a False Hearts potion, that would have ensnared an alpha werewolf easily enough, but I could have also given her a Moonstruck potion."
Taliesin seemed pale, "Eden What? How..."
"Morrigan would have asked for the Moonstruck potion, however...It is...more to her taste." Eden sighed and looked at Taliesin, "You told me I had an agenda. I succeeded, but placing this impulsive woman in the castle was a part of it. If I was going to reunite the two thrones of the moon, getting rid of the heir would have been a goal. His grandfather likely gave me enough information to pitch both options as options and ingratiate myself into her forces as a half-breed."
Laurel watched him looking between Delia and Basil for a few moments. It was so strange to see such an expression on his face. So strange to see this very different personality inhabiting Eden's body. She was sure she was focusing on this new Eden to keep the terror and shock at bay.
Laurel swallowed through her nerves, "You were a general under her?"
Eden laughed, "I probably wasn't even an underling. Morrigan didn't believe half-breed deserved much of a place in vampire society and she would have believed that I was half-human so long as I never showed her any magic. She knew the Wiccans traded with humans. She wouldn't have suspected me She would have thought the hell she'd brought to the Wiccan Alliance enough of a deterrent to keep Wiccans out of it while she tried to conquer the other throne of the moon."
"I thought you were important!" Delia cried, "You said-- You said you were powerful."
Eden laughed, "I am powerful, and I doubt I told you that. It would have given far too much away. Besides, what does being powerful have to do with being important to the vampire queen?"
She stammered and her shoulders slumped, "You You tricked me"
"Save your tears, you made your choices. You were neither forced or coerced I doubt I even bribed you." Eden chuckled. "You were probably hoping to be the queen of Annwn in some fashion, hm?"
Delia's jaw trembled and she let out a soft sob. He was right. He had vouched for her to a general of the vampire queen, but only after she'd asked to be a part of the scheme. She had volunteered thinking Eden was a prince, and he had handed her to a general to present as a potential agent. 
"Annwn was never under that witch's domain," Eden said as Delia slumped in her bonds.
"Enchanting the prince crimes of treason" Gavin gasped, "You should both be executed!"
Delia looked up at him glaring at the man and freezing at the smug look on his face.
"I have no fear of your execution blade," Eden said, waving his hand. "Death comes to all and if my crimes are as you say, I was prepared to die for my goals."
"Ready Delia for public execution." Adolph said, "She will be beheaded in the city square."
Delia couldn't breathe.
"Before you do that," Eden said, "The potion. It's important. How was it administered?"
"Why does that matter?" Adolph asked.
"The False Hearts potion, is just that. Killing her without breaking the enchantment won't do anything to him, but the Moonstruck potion will make her death fatal to him."
Delia's heart lifted, remembering his instructions.
"You said it would give me a bond with him. You said it would be like we were fated!" Delia grinned, "You said it was unbreakable and I followed your instructions when I administered it!"
Eden sighed, "You truly are a kindred spirit to Morrigan. Did you even ask anything more about it?"
"I know nothing about magic."
"You don't," he conceded, "But no enchantment is unbreakable. Was the potion in two parts?"
"Yes."
Eden nodded gravely, "The Moonstruck potion."
"Then I'm saved!" Delia cried, "You can't kill me without killing Basil! Hah!"
"Before she's executed, I will need to break the enchantment," Eden said. 
"Why you?" Laurel asked.
"That is how the potion works," Eden said, "Only the one who brewed the potion would be able to nullify its effects as it incorporates a bit of the brewer's magic."
"Are you willing to do so?" Adolph asked.
Delia paled as Taliesin stepped forward.
"I must ask that his willingness to save your son's life be taken into account."
"The potion would have killed him!" An officer said.
"No, it wouldn't have if she'd been patient and charmed the prince," Eden said. "It would be akin to him finding her as his second chance mate."
"The Moonstruck potion used to be used to calm rogues by giving them a temporary mate," Eden said. "It is not inherently dangerous. I would imagine that Prince Basil has wrestled free of most of the enchantment through his grief for his late wife. Have you been prone to fevers? Chills? Drinking heavily?"
Basil frowned, nodding shakily.
"You're an alpha, right? Like your father?"
He nodded again. Adolph looked at Basil.
"When was the last time you shifted?"
Basil shook his head, "I I don't remember."
"Had you shifted, the rest of the enchantment would have likely broken leaving only the bond. It was suppressing your wolf. When it is broken, you'll be able to access your wolf again."
Adolph sat back on his throne but before he could speak, Eden lifted a hand and wiggled his fingers. A ring of golden light around Basil's chest appeared, cracked in places and whole in others before as it seemed to unravel and melt into the air, flying back to Eden. Basil gasped, pressing a hand to his chest. His eyes glazed over and he trembled a bit.
"Basil?" Adolph asked, tense. "Are you Are you okay?"
His hand dropped towards his sword.
Basil shuddered and curled into himself, "It's gone"
Delia wailed, "No! How could you do this, Eden? I-"
"I assure you," Eden said calmly. "I had always planned to undo it."
Delia stared at him for a loss of words before she broke into tears and wailed. Eden eyed her without sympathy. 
Adolph sighed, rubbing his head. He didn't want to let Eden live. Taliesin was harried-looking at Eden with pleading eyes as Eden seemed unmoved.
"Take my son to the infirmary to be evaluated. Delia will be executed within the hour," he looked at Eden, "As for you I grant you leniency. If it is as you say, you have saved my son's life and that cannot be overlooked."
Taliesin seemed to deflate with relief. He looked at Laurel who beamed at him. There was a peace in her eyes that hadn't been there before, and he knew he'd made the right decision.
"Basil, wait!" Delia cried, "I-I'm still your wife! Aren't you going to save me? I love you, and--"
Basil walked past her without glancing at her out of the throne room with an attendant and Adolph nodded.
It would be painful going forward, but perhaps it would not be unbearable.
###chapter 150: Execution & Parting
Laurel didn't want to watch the execution, yet she stood at Adolph's side as Delia was dragged up to the execution block. She cried and wailed, declaring how innocent she was as the herald read the charges in a sharp brisk tone.
The guards held her down against the chopping block as she screamed and pleaded for mercy, tears streaming down her face, yet she felt nothing.
No remorse.
No guilt.
Had she been a real threat to their plan? Basil didn't care for her while she was alive. It was only after she was gone that he'd seemed to realize her worth, and what woman needed that? Still, she wondered. If she hadn't died. If she'd never have met Adolph and Basil had come to find her, would she have gone with him? Would she have forgiven him if not for his love then for the kingdom?
Alice scoffed, and she almost laughed at the thought. 
No. 
She wouldn't have because even at her lowest, she'd believed that she deserved better than the sham of a relationship they'd had. When Adolph had returned from war, it would have just been a matter of time before they met. 
Adolph wasn't the type of man who would have stood by and allowed his ex-daughter-in-law remain without shelter. 
The thought eased some tension in her heart. Maybe, instead of finding her killer, she had been looking for the answer to that question all along. 
She looked up at Adolph and smiled. 
"What is it?" Adolph asked. 
"I love you."
He smiled back at her, "I love you too. You don't have to stay and watch."
She squeezed his hand, "I know."
Adolph stared at her for a few moments before nodding and turning back to watch. 
The knight who had been chosen to behead Delia was familiar to Laurel. A kind knight who had always looked out for her when she was Laura. His eyes were furious as he lifted his sword.
Delia screamed. The blade fell. Her head rolled down the platform before the sound of her voice finally faded into the wind. 
The people dispersed after it was over. Adolph left her side to speak with the Wiccan envoy. Laurel walked out of the room and found herself heading to the infirmary. 
She entered and found it mostly empty. Basil was in a bed across the room with a circle of stones floating over him. He stared at the ceiling, relaxed against the pillows. 
"How are you feeling?" She asked politely. 
Basil turned his head, "This must be satisfying for you."
"No. It isn't."
His lips twitched, "Not even a little?"
"No." 
And that was true.
"I don't want to forgive you, even if it wasn't exactly your fault It was still your personality fueling everything you said and did." Laurel shrugged, "I just don't care."
"... I don't want your forgiveness," Basil said. "I don't deserve it And I don't want to see you either."
Laurel nodded in understanding, "Your father should be down to see you soon."
She got up and turned to leave. 
"Laura," Basil called. "I I never wanted anything bad to happen to you."
Laurel turned back, "You just never cared if you did anything bad to me And it's Laurel."
She exited the door and closed it behind her as Adolph walked down the hall. She grinned at him. 
"He's awake."
Adolph nodded, stopping at the end of the hallway. He looked down and clenched his hands. 
"I still want to kill him," Adolph said.
"Because he feels like a threat?"
Adolph turned his head, "... You were going to leave with him."
Laurel chuckled and walked towards him, taking his hand, "Not romantically My heart was set on you even then. Even if I didn't want to admit it"
Adolph looked at her, lifting her hands to kiss her fingers and sigh. 
"I thought about leaving and never coming back because I was terrified that I would end up in a position I didn't want to be in Everyone knew that Luna Laura was miserable. Some thought she had killed herself, and"
"Laura," Adolph said softly, cupping her face. She gasped, frozen in his gaze. "I know."
She blinked, her lung tightening keeping her from breathing. 
"I know, and I have known for a while. And I love you."
Laura lowered her gaze, "Wh-What do you mean?"
He chuckled and pulled her close, "We can talk about it when you're ready. For now, I'm going to go speak to my son. I think Lily and Sarah have set out a spread for you if you're hungry. I will join you soon."
He kissed her head and she caught him by the hand, unable to look at him. 
"How did you know?"
Adolph hummed, "I'm not sure when exactly you let your guard down around me but as soon as you did, you stopped pretending and acted as if you had been the luna before Finding you in the secret passage was obvious."
She winced, "I don't know what to say."
Adolph chuckled, "So long as you plan on fulfilling your marital duties later-"
"Adolph!" She cried, her cheeks burning as she gaped at him in horror and embarrassment. 
He laughed and winked at her before entering the infirmary. 
She turned away from the door and headed towards the royal wing of the castle. Sam walked out of a corridor down the way and led her towards the parlor where Lily and Sarah had organized a lunch for her. She heard Raven and the rest of Adolph's family inside, chatting amicably, and smiled as she pushed the door open.

Under Wiccan care, Basil recovered quickly. Adolph left Chasel to run the military and Laurel to run the castle before disappearing with Basil for about a week. When they returned, Basil was on Adolph's back unconscious like a small child after a long day of playing with friends. 
"Where have you two been?" Laurel asked, amused at the sight of them. Adolph leaned down to kiss her, eyes bright as he grinned. 
"A bit of paternal bonding. A tradition. I'll tell you all about it over dinner. I'm starving."
"Adolph, you didn't!" Raven called as she came down the corridor. Her eyes were alight with mischief. "Is the little prince okay?"
Adolph laughed, "He'll be alright I think. Though he'll probably spend all the time he has left in the castle asleep."
Raven outright cackled as Adolph hurried down the hallway towards Basil's rooms. Later, Adolph reappeared in their parlor, cleaned up, and changed. She'd had a full spread laid out for them so he could tell her the story over racks of meat and loaves of bread. 
"My father taught me how to shift," Adolph explained. "As his father had before him. We went out into the forest and camped out. It's dangerous for an alpha werewolf to shift for the first time without some guidance."
It turned out that Basil had never learned to shift. His first attempt had ended up with Basil passing out from trying to force the shift. Adolph was overjoyed with the chance to share the tradition with his son and it seemed like Basil was excited to partake in the tradition. 
They'd raced and hunted together and it honestly sounded like they just spent a bit of time getting to know each other truly. 
"He's blonde," Adolph cackled. "Imagine that. No one else has been a blonde wolf to my knowledge."
Laurel laughed, "That feels ridiculous."
"I'm sure he'll get a hard time about it on the border," Adolph smirked. "He'll be leaving in a week."
"Leaving?"
He nodded, "And before you protest, it was his choice."
Adolph had offered him his choice of where he wanted to take his martial training, even offering to teach him. Basil's eyes had sparkled at the concept, but he shook his head and asked to be sent as far as possible. 
*I don't want to be in the castle right now.*
Laurel hummed. She would have never thought that Basil would willingly give up the comforts of the palace to go and live on the front lines, but it pleased her in some way. 
"I think the revelation that he married the woman who killed his ex-wife had something to do with it."
Laurel nodded, "Maybe."

"Your father is sending you to the border?" Gavin asked as Basil finished packing his bag and checked his room. His silk suits and fine clothes would have no place where he was going. He was almost grateful for that. After running around the forest with his father, he learned that he had so much to catch up on. 
"I asked to go as far as possible," Basil said as he passed him and walked down to the front of the castle to where the caravan would be leaving. He mounted the horse meant for him and looked down at his grandfather who looked distraught and confused. 
"Just keep your head down, grandfather," Basil said. "And he won't kill you. Go back to the estate and live the rest of your days in peace."
He turned his horse and waved at his father who was watching from the balcony. Adolph waved back and Basil followed the caravan out of the city. 
Gavin stood to watch him go, glaring after him. Basil would be impossible to deal with if he stayed away for too long. He would just have to clear his grandson's path to the throne sooner rather than later.

###chapter 151: Ambush
With Delia dead, she thought that maybe things would get easier, but there was still a feeling of danger looming around what felt like every corner. She'd hoped it would vanish as the days went on and her stomach grew larger, but it didn't. If anything, it felt worse. She could only hope that Adolph's trip would help ease some of it. When the Wiccan delegation including Eden returned to the Wiccan lands, she had thought that maybe Adolph would relax, but she supposed that until they knew for sure that Gavin wasn't a threat and that all the threats they had ever suspected had been neutralized, there was no chance that they would ever have peace.
Adolph was almost certain it wouldn't even be that simple, no matter how much he may have wanted it to be. There was still something wrong. His wolf still felt restless. Maybe Eden was still a threat. Maybe not.
He'd find out soon enough. Eden was a cunning man. He'd either get Adolph alone with a plausible excuse or he'd manage to kill him in front of everyone and make it look like an accident.
Adolph preferred straightforward combat,  but he would be in Eden's territory, so he would have to be careful.
He fastened his cloak and turned to Laurel, "Are you certain about this?"
Laurel chuckled, "Staying here? No."
Adolph scowled, "There is no way I am letting you anywhere near Ash Castle or the border again, *pregnant* or otherwise."
She pouted a bit and rubbed her stomach, "I get that you have all these instincts warning you about my safety, so I am staying here as you asked."
Ask was too gentle of a word, honestly, but Laurel had given in easily enough. She had plans about how she was going to spend their time apart.
Adolph was going to meet Eden at the border with a few Wiccans to go see Annwn, if possible, and start working on Ash Castle. He hadn't been able to disagree with Taliesin's thoughts that the key to lifting the curse on the land was dealing with whatever Morrigan had done to Ash Castle during her reign. 
Annwn would be the easiest part of the journey he imagined, so he would deal with it after Ash Castle if needed. From what Laurel told him, it was unlikely that he had to do much of anything except promise not to harm the people who lived there for their connection to Eden. 
As he wanted to go home much more than he wanted any type of vengeance, it wasn't a hard promise to make.
As the king of the werewolf kingdom, the throne of the full moon, he would have to work with Eden, the heir to the throne of the full moon, to make it happen. At least, that's what Taliesin speculated. Eden mentioned going to the heart of Ash Castle, but he hadn't explained what that meant. 
All this mystic and cryptic nonsense was irritating him in ways he hadn't expected. He wasn't used to not knowing or not being able to figure it out. He wasn't used to letting someone else take lead either.
He didn't understand why the moon's thrones were split into two, but Taliesin was at least several times his age and had proven himself to be trustworthy so Adolph didn't bother to do much but confirm with a priestess that Taliesin wasn't planning to kill him while they were in the vampire's lands. 
His sister had laughed at him and told him not to end up dead by accident and to have an open mind.
Laurel walked with him down to the front gates as the rest of the caravan got ready to go. He pressed a kiss to her lips. 
"I miss you already."
"I'll be here when you get back."
"You had better," Adolph teased, "No rushing off to cause trouble while I'm gone, and I expect you to behave."
Laurel grinned, "Promise with only two fingers crossed."
Adolph laughed and mounted his horse with a little sigh. With one last look at Laurel, he urged his horse forward and followed the caravan out of the city. It was about a week's ride to the border where he was meant to be meeting them.
Chasel sighed, "All that work to get you two married and we're leaving the city again like this? Being the king is such a problem. You can't even fully enjoy being newlyweds!"
Adolph laughed. He wasn't wrong. He just hoped that Laurel would have enough support while he was gone to keep whatever danger was lurking at the back of his mind at bay. 
"Let's hurry up and get this done."
Chasel nodded, urging his horse into a run once they were out of the city. The journey to the border could take a while if they were leisurely about it, but they planned on taking the quickest route up rather than stopping through the territories on the way. They traveled light and small to get to the border as soon as possible for hopefully the last time.

Gavin was furious. The commotion with Delia had ruined his birthday party and his plans to get rid of Laurel, but Gavin had resolved to get over it and restructure his plans. Delia's professed involvement with the vampires would put a lot of people at ease as they would likely think she was the only one.
That would make them relax and start to overlook little things he could use to his advantage. 
Getting rid of Delia wasn't what he wanted, but now that he was free of her, he had a chance to put someone else, more useful to his ends, in her place. She'd been wasteful and unruly, rude to the staff and nothing like Olivia. Olivia sent him money without question and obeyed him even after falling pregnant.
He needed a luna he could use to his advantage. He wished he hadn't taken the bribes from Laura's parents in the first place. Some of this could have been avoided, but that was the past.
He walked into the parlor where he'd had Laura's parents taken that morning. Colleen and Henry looked as pitiful and shifty as they always had. He usually wouldn't have bothered with looking for them if it hadn't been a dire circumstance. 
"Minister Mirabelle," Henry started, "It's so good to see you. We've been trying to-"
"Shall I get to the point?" Gavin asked, cutting in as he sat. 
Henry flinched, closing his mouth. He could only imagine what reason either of them would have to be nervous considering how Gavin found them. The Emerald Twilight pack was an obscure one, but to his knowledge, it was well run. To be thrown out, they had to have done something horrible. 
"The way I found you suggests that you did something unforgivable. As I recall, you were the betas of the alpha of your former pack." Henry stiffened as Gavin smirked, "I am prepared to help you both to at least live comfortable lives in exchange for your cooperation."
Colleen leaned forward, "Whatever we can do to be of help to you, Minister Mirabelle"
"Your daughter," Gavin said. "It's a shame that she'd been replaced twice over: a seventeen-year-old country girl and treasonous rogue."
Henry scowled, "Laura was a stupid, prideful, ungrateful girl. As soon as she got into the palace, she cut ties with us despite all we've done for her."
Gavin was shocked as Colleen went on to complain about Laura's refusal to give them money from the luna's budget or her personal budget. 
He had hoped to drive them to attack Laurel out of a sense of revenge, but a sense of anger and scorn was better. He smiled. It was all looking up now.
"Well, perhaps the moon goddess heard your complaints, your plight, and granted Laura a second chance to make things right with you."
Henry frowned, "What do you mean?"
He sipped, glancing at the clock. By now, Adolph and his traveling party would be outside of the city and heading towards the border. If he had planned things carefully enough, they would be running into trouble within a day. 
"Laura has been reincarnated," Gavin said kindly. "Basil states that she is currently in Laurel's body."
Their eyes turned wide as saucers. 
"I doubt that the king knows that his current wife was once his daughter in law Think of the scandal?"
He watched the light in their eyes turn devious as they looked at one another. 
"If you'd like a chance to speak to her privately, I can arrange that for you."
Henry smiled, cold and devious, "Yes, please. We have so many unsaid things to tell her"
It was too easy. Between them and the group of renegade vampires that were waiting for Adolph's traveling group, he would have Basil on the throne and be married to a more suitable partner within a few weeks. 
###chapter 152: The Desperate
"Luna Laurel," a servant called. "You have visitors in the west parlor."
Laurel smiled and nodded before rising and following the servant. She had been expecting an alpha-luna pair from a potential noble pack to arrive. She assumed that the people waiting for her were them and looked forward to discussing their pack's economic position, needs, and testing out their loyalty to the throne. 
She didn't need any other traitors in their midst.
As she reached the room, Alice stirred with apprehension. There was something wrong. The necklace didn't warm with warning or danger, so it wasn't a mortal threat. 
So what could be wrong?
*What's wrong?*
Alice growled as the door opened and revealed Laura's parents. She almost rolled her eyes at how well-dressed they seemed compared to the last time they saw one another when she was Laura, or even when she'd sought them out as Laurel. This had a noble written all over it. What was the plan? Use them to garner sympathy about Laurel taking Laura's place? Were they seeking protection and sanctuary because their daughter died as the luna?
Nothing on their faces gave it away. Laurel entered and crossed the room to take a seat and eye them. 
When the door closed behind her, she sighed, "You are not who I was expecting unless you're the alpha and luna of the Green Ash pack."
"Laura," Colleen said staring at her. "Let's not play games. We're alone after all"
She frowned looking at the two of them. She was certain they could see her confusion. Basil was the only one who had an inkling that she was actually Laura. She didn't put it past him to tell Gavin. Thus, Gavin had to be behind this, but to what end? Laura's parents weren't of much use to Gavin other than to irritate her. They held no standing. They were rogues since the Emerald Twilight pack's alpha kicked them out and no other pack would take them. 
Something was amiss.
"Haven't you missed your parents?" Henry asked.
"Haven't you learned to be grateful to us and to right your wrongs after having been granted this second chance?"  Colleen continued, "You should apologize and thank us for all that we've done for you."
Money. Of course, it was money. What else could it be with them? It was the only thing they truly cared about. 
Laurel shook her head looking at the two of them, "I understand that I bear a striking resemblance to your late daughter, but I am not Laura."
Not anymore, and she knew they were there for something other than their feigned grief. 
Colleen laughed, "Well, of course, you can't admit it I can't imagine what your new husband would think if he knew he'd married his daughter in law The scandal that would bring to the royal family!"
She laughed, a cold haughty thing, and Laurel looked at them. She remembered all too clearly why she had cut ties with them. She remembered how they had never cared for her. Seeing it so clearly now was just a reminder that she was better off leaving Laura in the grave where she'd been buried. 
Laura deserved a better life than to be bartered and traded. She deserved a better death than to be blackmailed as well. They would pay for this, but first, she needed to know everything they knew.
Getting enough information out of them to ensure they died behind bars wouldn't hurt either. 
Whether they realized it or not, they were a danger to her unborn child's future. 
"We'll start with a simple house in the capital," Henry said. "Then, twenty percent of your budget as the queen and luna."
"Don't you think that's too low for our silence, dear?" Colleen asked. "I was thinking forty percent."
Henry hummed and chuckled, "Of course, you're right, so much time has passed that she needs to make up for."
Laurel stood and turned, "If you're done with this nonsense?"
Colleen's eyes bulged, "We'll tell everyone!"
Laurel shook her head, "You're insane."
Henry growled and lunged for her. She swung out of the way and he lifted his hand to strike her. 
"You-!"
In a flash, Laurel pulled out her concealed dagger and brandished it at him, halting him in place. His eyes widened in fear as she stared at him.
"Sam? Lynn."
The door opened and Sam stormed across the room towards them.  Henry paled and shrank back. 
"Y-You can't. She's our daughter."
"You're insane," Lynn hissed. "And trying to extort the luna is a crime punishable by lifetime incarceration!"
"She is! She is our daughter!" Colleen pleaded. "Our daughter's a white wolf. She's the only one!"
She hadn't known they knew she was a white wolf. She had shifted alone and nearly lost her mind doing it. How had they known that she was a white wolf? Did they know something about her importance to the moon goddess? 
She pushed that thought aside. It was unlikely. They would have been being paid to send her to Basil rather than paying to send her if that was the case. Then again, she wasn't sure how much Gavin knew about the Raymond line's connection to the temple.
"Luna Laura is dead," Sam hissed, advancing on them, "And Luna Laurel has no time to entertain greedy fools like you!"
"Hold on," Laurel said, sheathing her dagger and dusting off her skirt. "I have questions for them."
Sam growled at them, and they flinched. Henry stumbled back into his seat. Laurel returned to her seat and sighed. She had originally wanted to be done with them, but getting whatever she could out of them was the better option. 
"Someone put you up to this nonsense, and I want to know who."
Henry blinked, wide and guilty. 
"I understand that you were caught embezzling from your pack, the Emerald Twilight pack? Under the new laws, your life would be forfeit." She smiled sweetly. "I'm sure your former alpha would be happy to -"
"It was Minister Mirabelle!" Colleen blurted out. 
Henry glared at her, "You idiot, she was-"
"It was all his idea and-"
"How dare you-"
"I'm not dying for you!"
Laurel rolled her eyes, "Minister Mirabelle put you up to what exactly?"
"To blackmail you," Colleen said stiffly. "He arranged for us to come here. We were at his birthday party too"
Laurel leaned on her hand and watched them, "Tell me everything from the beginning., and maybe I'll convince my husband to grant you leniency."
Henry paled, "It was just a little bit at first A few coins here and there, but we started taking more."
Most of the details of their embezzlement, she knew about already. She'd even found out about how they were caught. Though the fact that the money they'd embezzled had also paid for her audience with Basil was a shock. Henry and Colleen confessed to more acts of greed than she ever imagined, including stealing when it suited them. 
They hadn't been under Gavin's direct control until recently, but they'd found some measure of work destabilizing other packs after they left the Emerald Twilight pack through their continued connections with other nobles who wanted more power. 
Sam and Lynn looked horrified and disgusted. She could only imagine what a shock it was to come back from fighting on the border only to learn that the people you fought for were capable of such greed. 
They gave names and dates enough to track. Laurel took note of all of it and planned to research it thoroughly in time while encouraging them to think hard about anything else they knew since their lives were hanging in the balance.
When they were done, she couldn't imagine how they lived with themselves. Laurel shook her head and had Lynn and a few other guards escort them down to the dungeons. They fought and complained, but she ignored them. 
"Poor Luna Laura," Sam said softly, "It's almost a blessing that she's not around to see what her parents have become."
"Something tells me that she already knew," Laurel said calmly and looked up at him. "How are you and Sarah?"
Sam grinned, roguish and happy, "Blissful we're planning to get married after your child is born. So I hope you will grant her time off for the honeymoon."
"I promise to force her to take the time off," Sam chuckled, bobbing his head with a grin. Laurel smiled at him, "I'm happy for you. Really."
Sam nodded, "I have you to thank for it all, you know?"
She shook her head, "You're stronger than you think."
"So are you."
She froze, meeting his gaze. For a moment, she wondered if Sam knew she was Laura. It was impossible, of course. Sam had been on the front lines. He'd never even met Laura, but the worry was still there.
"You have your father's strength," he nodded thoughtfully. "Jack would be proud to see you like this."
Her fears eased and she smiled, "Thanks, Sam. Could you send the alpha and luna of the Green Ash pack to this parlor when they arrive?"
"Of course."
###chapter 153: Ambush
Adolph and his escort reached the border before twilight. The generals greeted him grandly and he got a chance to peek in on Basil's training for a moment before getting some sleep. It seemed that his son had taken to martial training as well as he had in his youth. A bit of pride went through him as Basil went from attacking with a sword to shifting into his wolf form and back to his human form smoothly enough to catch his opponent off guard. 
The smoothness and speed of the shift were usually untapped advantages in combat. He didn't expect Basil to have to use it much in the future, but it was a good thing to have. 
"Would you like to join them for a bit?" A general asked. "You know you're still more myth than man."
Adolph chuckled and shrugged, "Of course. At least before dinner."
The general grinned and stepped on the pitch before Adolph removed his cloak and followed. Basil's eyes widened as he walked onto the pitch and took out a practice sword. He picked Basil's partner and Basil to come back up before instructing them on the finer points of their technique. The young man Basil took down was younger than Basil and had held his own well enough. 
Soon, he asked the young man to step aside so he could demonstrate a proper defense against Basil's attack. 
"There are different kinds of rogues you may face," Adolph said. "Some are just as well trained as you are and hardened by a hard life of survival on the border. The war against vampires is over, but as soldiers, you will still be called upon to ensure peace."
Basil looked a bit nervous facing him and Adolph chuckled at him. 
"Don't be too nervous, recruit," Adolph said, tapping his sword on his bare palm, "It's a practice blade. You won't get more than a bruise."
Basil looked like he didn't believe him, but he attacked anyway. Adolph watched his form. It was a bit stiff from lack of use outside of practice, but it wasn't terrible. He began to relax as they fenced back and forth. 
Adolph commented on his posture and his movements for a bit before going on the attack at a pace he was sure Basil could keep up with. Sweat formed on Basil's brow, he panted a bit as Adolph fought him. 
Then left himself open just long enough to give Basil the opportunity. He shifted in a flash of light and as he settled on his four feet, Adolph swept his legs from under him and tumbled him over before pressing the tip of the sword against his throat. 
Basil shifted back into his human form, panting. 
"You did good," Adolph commented. "A very clean shift."
He looked up, "Most werewolves cannot shift while moving. This fact is something you should use to your advantage and seek to overcome if you can."
He sheathed his sword and pulled Basil to his feet, "Making your shift faster will help cover up this fact, but it is more important to keep moving."
Adolph steadied him and turned to his former partner, "A demonstration of what I mean."
The man went on the defensive as Adolph drew his sword and swung at him without much more warning. He landed two strikes against his blade, dodged his thrust, shifted as he turned, and tackled him from behind.
The man landed with a thump and Adolph walked off his back before shifting into his human form. 
"The more time you spend shifting, the more time you spend shifted, the easier it will be to anticipate the way your body will move after your shift. It makes planning your movements in your human form easier."
Adolph helped the man up, "Still. You did well." 
"T-Thank you, sir."
He chuckled and clapped him on the shoulder, "I think I've pushed you around enough. It should be dinner now, hm?"
He ate dinner with Basil and the rest of the recruits. Basil's ease with him seemed to make the others relax a little, but Adolph didn't stay long. He bade Basil and the others good night within an hour. 

The next morning they were joined by Eden and several other Wiccans into the vampire lands that were just as desolate as they had been the last time they had been there. 
His wolf stirred restlessly in the quiet around them. A threat lurked in the quiet. He was going to say so when Eden seemed to grow still and watchful. He turned his head left then right before Adolph heard the familiar hiss of a vampire. 
Figures descended as he drew his blade. 
"Stop." Eden's voice cut through the air. The vampires who had fallen twisted in the air and landed gracelessly.
They snarled and twisted on the ground as Eden turned. 
"Stand," he commanded. They growled and struggled to their feet, vibrating where they stood to fight Eden's commands. 
"Usurping half-breed!" One of them cried. "How dare you use the queen's power?"
"Usurper?" Eden asked. 
"You betrayed your own kind! Drank the queen's blood and stole her power."
Eden laughed, loud and hollow, almost venomous in its mocking, "How can I usurp a throne that I was already heir to?"
They froze, jaw dropping open, "Liar!"
"Morrigan birthed me," Eden said. "As far as I'm concerned, she ensured her downfall when she killed my father, but none of that matters."
"Who sent you?"
"A man. A werewolf."
Eden chuckled and glanced at Adolph, "Nothing else to say? No other details."
"He didn't give a name," the man growled, clenching his jaw. 
Eden nodded. 
"If they have nothing else to say, we should kill them," Adolph said lifting his sword. 
"No," Eden said, shaking his head. "What use is that? You think these are the only vampires willing to work for a vampire for the memory of their dead queen?"
"She was a tyrant!" Adolph hissed, "What draw could she have on people worth saving?"
Eden sighed, "You don't understand"
He turned to the group, "You all will not speak a word of us entering the lands. You will find the rest of those loyal to Morrigan and those who would work against the werewolf kingdom's alliance with the Wiccan Alliance and bring them to Ash Castle, unarmed."
They jolted.
"No!" One of them cried. "No!"
"You have one week," Eden said. "Go."
They cried out with fury and frustration before disappearing into the craggy rock.
Adolph growled at him, "What the hell are you doing?"
"Not wasting an opportunity."
"For them to bring a legion of hostile vampires?" Adolph hissed. 
Eden eyed him, "Were you not listening?"
Adolph huffed, "Your little magic show won't hold up when they get far enough away."
Eden chuckled, "You know nothing."
"What the hell does that mean?"
Eden sighed, "Exactly what I said. You know *nothing* about the Ash line though we could write books on the Raymond line's rule and abilities."
He growled. The challenge and condescending tone were too much for him. Fury and offense filled him.
"What would you know about ruling?" Adolph asked, glaring at Eden. "Last I checked, you were a dead man."
Eden's eyes narrowed, "You know nothing about vampires. Their culture and you have no means to fight them other than your sword."
"How about my teeth in your throat?"
Eden scoffed, "We are not engaged in a war of strength, King Adolph. Whatever animosity you have towards me is fine, but don't let it cloud your judgment."
Adolph froze, shocked at his words. 
"This war isn't won by swords and fangs, we need a plan. The people need resources. We have to guide them out of their fear and resentment into peace. Strong arming them won't do anything but bring more bloodshed."
"We've killed hundreds of vampires," Adolph said. 
Eden scoffed, "Vampires have killed *thousands* of werewolves in war and for sport."
Adolph wanted to argue and Eden sighed. 
"You, werewolves in general, are at a disadvantage."
"That's not true."
"You can't wield magic!" Eden cried, "Encounter a vampiric mage who means to do you harm and you'd be dead within a few moments."
"What the hell is a vampiric mage?"
Eden sighed, "A full vampire that can use magic. Morrigan's sister, Artemis, was a vampiric mage. It's why Morrigan killed her and strove to make her own vampiric mage, but she wasn't the only one."
"How do you know that?"
Eden sighed, "There are memories that surface sometimes"
Morrigan had tried to kill every vampiric mage in her territory, but it was nearly impossible to do. A lot of them fled into the Wiccan lands and remained there, but aside from Eden who was an anomaly, he believed there was at least one more vampiric mage in Annwn. 
Adolph didn't know what to make of it, but he glared at Eden. 
"It would be best when this is all over for you to remain in the Wiccan territory or the vampire lands I have spared your life for the life of my son, but I still want to kill you."
"There's nothing in your kingdom for me." Eden chuckled, "I have worried my grandfather enough chasing a potential future. I had no plans to part from him any time soon."
###chapter 154:  The Face of the Vampire Nation
Adolph emitted hot, boiling fury the entire ride to Ash Castle. If he didn't know that Adolph was a man of his word, Eden might have been worried that Adolph was going to kill him at any moment. As it stood, he was just glad that he'd gotten the man's attention. 
The problem they faced going to the vampire nations was one that Adolph wouldn't be able to begin to comprehend until he had seen it for himself. Morrigan's evil had done more damage to the spirit of the people than the curse could ever do. 
People scraped together a living if they had hope. They found ways to survive famines, wars, plagues, and natural disasters. They found ways to rebuild under the guidance of a good leader. 
In the hands of a tyrant, in the hands of a monster like Morrigan, there was no hope. 
When he'd found his way to the Wiccan Alliance, he'd been shocked at the sight of the solar temple there and the lunar shrines in the smaller towns where vampires who had escaped Morrigan and werewolves who had found a way to live in peace among the Wiccans lived. 
He had never seen a temple before, never known there was such a thing as hope or a goddess who might be watching him, let alone two. 
He remembered the anger in him at this deity who had let Morrigan rise to power and kill his father. He remembered hating the fact that he was alive and seemingly a cursed existence. He remembered why he left the Wiccan lands to travel and get involved with the vampire nation. He remembered why he plotted Morrigan's downfall. 
He still didn't remember when his plans had changed so much that he'd risked his life and his goals for the sake of one woman. The thought of Laurel still stirred a warm, foreign feeling in him, but it was fleeting and as gentle as a breeze. 
He almost wanted to call it a hopeful love, not to be requited but to simply be a small light in his long bleak life. 
A flicker of Morrigan's memory of meeting Caedan for the first time made him sneer, lined with that same hopeful love. Where Eden's had been pure, Morrigan's was twisted with ambition and obsession. Caedan had been kind and hopeful, as bright as the sun with his deep brown eyes and dark hair, but he had also been an opportunity. 
With her sister dead, Morrigan inherited the throne. The darkness that had come after that threatened her control and she'd sought a means to keep her standing. A slew of male faces went through his mind, each of them dismissive and twisted in agony upon their deaths. They were so blurred with disregard he couldn't make out their faces in her memories, but Caedan's face was clear. He had not died screaming in fear but fury.
Then gray eyes like his own looked at him from within her memories, a young boy with her eyes and power like his father. 
Eden shuddered and tried to push her memories away. It wasn't time to sort through her memories about him or his father right now. He needed to focus on what Morrigan knew about Ash Castle's defenses and how to support the people to take hold of their newfound freedom.
Adolph had likely considered taking over the lands under his throne, but Eden knew he would soon rethink that once he understood the work ahead. He was smart enough to want an alliance, but what terms he would ask for, Eden didn't know. 
There was only one way to find out.
When they reached the entrance of Ash Castle, Eden stopped his horse and slid from his horse's back. 
"Where are we?" Chasel asked, looking around.
"The entrance to Ash Castle," Eden said easily, handing his reigns to another of the Wiccan envoy as he walked to the gate. He placed his hand on the door and the shield rippled as he opened the gate, startling Adolph's escort. 
The horses neighed and a spooked gasp went through the group. Eden wasn't sure if they could see the gate or even the handle, but it didn't matter. 
Eden could see it as he'd seen it several years ago when he returned to ingratiate himself with her plot to take down the werewolf kingdom. It was as dark and foreboding as ever. 
"Welcome," Eden said grinning at him. "Here's the true face of the vampire nation."
Adolph's eyes narrowed. He lifted his head proudly and followed Eden inside without a fuss. 
Silence greeted him, but he felt the presence of vampires and half-breeds still in the city, peering out from their homes in terror. A small group of people, dressed in rags and barely hiding their trembling stood just ahead of the gate like a little welcoming party.
None of them were armed, though they looked like they wished they were. He wondered if any of them had ever owned a weapon more powerful than a farmer's scythe. They looked like they could have been farmers or foragers.    
The group looked at him in shock, likely noting the color of his eyes. The Ash grey had haunted and controlled them for centuries, he wasn't surprised to see them back up in terror and apprehension. 
Then, someone gasped, and they all scurried back. Perhaps Morrigan had terrified them and ruled them with blood and violence, but she had never killed a vampire or even a half-breed without reason. She threatened and coerced, but she regarded the lives of vampires above all and saw half-breeds as useful tools. 
Adolph's reputation proceeded him into Ash Castle, growing more grotesque and fearsome with each battle he'd won and each vampire he'd murdered. Eden could almost hear the tales people would tell about him when soldiers came back from the borders alive. 
*Hair like the sunlight that burns.* *Eyes of the clear blue sky.* *As fast as a shadow.*
*Beware the red-eyed darkness, a soldier's voice said from the back of his mind.* *That is the true face of Adolph the Destroyer with a giant maw full of teeth.* 
Eden wondered if werewolves had similar stories about vampires in general or the vampire queen. 

Adolph felt oddly uncomfortable. The scent of vampires permeated the air, but it was almost hidden by the tears and suffering that hung in the air. He heard them whispering his name in little frightened gasps as they entered the gates. The gate closed behind them softly, almost imperceptibly soft. 
Eden approached the group ahead of them slowly. 
"T-That's Adolph the Destroyer"
"Is he going to kill us, mommy?"
Adolph's stomach turned at the small voice and he turned to look at the small child with bright blue eyes staring up at him from within a dirty face. The woman beside the child lifted the child into her arms and scurried back, trying to shield the child from his view. He could make out her frightened whispers, but they sounded an awful lot like a prayer to the moon goddess.
A monster is what they thought of him. It was weird considering the terror that Morrigan had brought on his border that these people he had never even gotten close to finding feared him so much. What had the vampires who had survived the war told them? What sort of propaganda had Morrigan spread about him?
There were women and children, old people barely standing on their feet looking at them from within their homes. Dressed in rags with dirty faces, they looked worse off than even the poorest people in the werewolf kingdom. 
From the journals of the previous kings, the vampire lands were full of mines where precious metals and jewels could be mined with ease. He had always imagined Morrigan's private keep to be lavish with high walls and droves of sneering, hissing vampires. 
These people weren't warriors. 
They didn't even seem to be the kind of vampires he was used to. 
The vampire slave he'd killed seemed more dangerous than these people. A twinge of guilt went through him. Had she been captured trying to escape the terror that these people had endured? Had she been innocent or had she been sent over the border to gather intelligence? 
She was dead and he would never know, but the possibility would probably haunt him for a while.
This was the problem with the aftermath of war. In battle, there was no time to empathize with the enemy. Now that the line of battle was blurred, he saw in their faces people with families and lives, fears and problems, the same as any werewolf or human under his rule.
"That man has her eyes"
"Is he an Ash?"
"I don't recognize him"
Eden walked forward, seemingly unafraid.
"Eden," Adolph called. 
Eden turned to him and met his gaze. 
"I will let you take lead," Adolph said and looked around. "But we will have to talk more about the future of these people."
Eden smirked and nodded, "As you wish."
###chapter 155: Culture Shock
Adolph followed Eden's lead through the city, trying not to flinch at every fearful whisper. He wondered if the werewolves of the kingdom feared him this much or if their fear was lessened by the fact that they were under his rule.
Maybe they did fear him in their way. His blood aura had that effect on all werewolves except for Laurel. He supposed it was because she was the white wolf to his black. The thought of her made the gloom seem a little lighter in his heart and he sighed. 
He was only going to be here long enough to get things mostly settled before he would return to her.  How long could that take? A few weeks? A month? 
He didn't want to be away from her for a month. The thought of it made him nervous and his wolf angry in a way he hadn't expected. He figured it was just because a month from now could be after his unborn child came into the world. 
He'd been on the battlefield when Basil had been born. He'd felt Olivia's passing like an afterthought, but he'd felt it and every day after that he hadn't been able to hold his son. The precious few times he'd been able to see Basil during the war had kept him fighting. 
It only made Gavin's betrayal of his trust and the kingdom's interests worse. He still wasn't sure what to do about Gavin. He would have liked to just kill him outright, but murdering him without due cause or proof would have rocked the kingdom and had most of the nobles turned against him. 
"What is that?" Chasel asked, pulling Adolph from his thoughts.
Ahead, there was a pile of rubble, overgrown with black poisonous-looking thorns. He dismounted and approached the rubble curiously. It was in what he assumed was the center of the citadel's town space. Ash Castle loomed in the distance, but what this building could be he didn't know. 
Then, a little glint of moonlight caught his eye, familiar and drawing him in. He reached for it, shoving a piece of rock aside to reveal the small budding lunar flower. It was smaller than any bud he'd ever seen, like the smallest bit of hope at the bleakest times. 
What was it doing here? This pile of rubble couldn't be a temple. 
His heart clenched as Chasel came up to him and gasped, "Is that what I think it is?"
He nodded, but it didn't make sense. Temples fell into disrepair, but never like this. Even with the curse, these poisonous-looking thorns shouldn't have been able to grow in the same place as a lunar flower. 
"It was once a temple," Taliesin's voice drifted towards them. "A long time ago."
Adolph wanted to refuse it. The thought they shared anything in common with vampires was a hard one to swallow, but the columns were the same. The stone, though old and covered in dark thorns and dead vines, was the same. There was no way he could deny that this building had once been a temple to the moon goddess. 
How could one woman's evil do so much damage? 
"What happened to it?"
"Morrigan," Eden said. Adolph looked over at him as he kneeled in front of an old woman. "When she killed her sister, the temple collapsed and it only went downhill from there."
Plagues, famine, and the growing darkness had followed. Vampires lost their gifts and degenerated into creatures of lust and power. They abused the human constituents and turned against the Wiccan Alliance.  Chaos had been reigning in Morrigan's borders for centuries. 
He had no idea that it had only just started to leak into the werewolf lands.
"You are very knowledgeable, young man," the old woman said looking at Eden. "How do you know that?"
"My name is Eden Ash Emrys," he said. "Morrigan is the woman who birthed me."
She gasped and a ripple of shock went through the crowd. 
"You You said Ash *Emrys*?"
"Yes. You knew my father, I take it."
She nodded, reaching for him, lifting his head so she could look into his face, "Caedan Emrys was a very kind man W-What of the queen?"
"She's dead," Eden said, "As I said before, we're here to lift the curse and get rid of the darkness Morrigan brought over the land."
The old woman sniffled, "Well goddess bless you and your purpose."
Adolph looked across the crowd, listening to the way the news traveled quickly. Morrigan was dead, but the idea of her heir came with trepidation and hope. Eden turned to him. 
"Let's continue to the castle."
Adolph nodded and followed him towards the castle. The people's fear had faded to a hot burning curiosity and hope. 
He could only hope that it stayed that way.
*Laurel?* He asked across their bond. *How are you?*
Laurel smiled at the sound of Adolph's voice at the back of her mind. 
*I'm just fine.* *And you?* *Have you been behaving?*
Adolph chuckled, *Behaving enough I just wanted to hear your voice.*
Her face burned. How sweet he could be! Here she was plotting against his in-law. She supposed her plan to clean up the kingdom while he was gone had a romantic tint to it, but it wasn't the same as just wanting to hear his voice. 
*Your scent is fading from your side of the bed, Laurel told him.* *Come home soon.*
He growled in appreciation and she felt the rush of heat that her words had caused. 
Good, it would keep him in a good mood and none the wiser. Though she pouted thinking about it. It wasn't a lie. His scent was fading faster than she hoped. Alice was getting restless because of it.  She was thinking about taking residence in his office just to ease it. 
She shook her head. She didn't have time for that right now. She had to attend to her plan.
Gavin was planning to kill her, Laurel was certain of it. How he thought her parents were the way to go,  she had no idea, but that hardly mattered. She needed to catch him in his schemes. 
Adolph was away dealing with the vampire lands. She couldn't call him back and if she told him, he'd race back with no regard for the work that needed to be done for the sake of peace. And wouldn't that defeat the purpose of what she was doing?
There was no easy answer or solution, but it was clear that as long as he was alive and free to do whatever he wanted he is a danger to her and her life with Adolph as well as the kingdom. 
She placed a hand on her stomach. He was a danger to the life she was carrying inside her too. 
"Sarah, could you send someone to get Lily? And arrange a meeting with Raven and the others in my parlor?"
Sarah nodded and hurried off to do her bidding. Laurel stood and headed to her parlor as quickly as she could manage. 
The women trickled in slowly afterward. Lily and Sarah brought food and refreshments.  When everyone was seated she addressed the room. 
"Gavin is plotting to kill me" Raven lifted her teacup and Irene's eyes widened. "How do I catch him?"
Raven's lips twitched, "Just you?"
Laurel swallowed, "You think he's trying to kill Adolph as well?"
"He's not going to chance Adolph running an investigation and his ultimate goal is to destabilize Basil from pursuing his new freedom and independence. He wants Basil on the throne, distraught, and vulnerable."
Killing Adolph was a surefire way to destabilize Basil. With his father dead, he'd shrink back into old habits. He might even start drinking again and Gavin would use it to his advantage. Maybe he would reach out to Raven and the others, but there was no guarantee about that. 
Laurel wasn't sure how she felt about having to save Basil from his grandfather's plans, but she pushed it aside. She had to focus on saving Adolph. If Basil happened to benefit from the plan, she would just have to make her peace with it.
"So what do I do?"
Raven laughed, "You lure him into giving himself away. He's not a very patient man." 
Laurel nodded and considered it, "Well here's what I'm thinking."
She watched Raven's face as she explained the vague shape of her plan. Irene seemed impressed, but everyone in the room was looking at Raven for a sense of approval. She didn't know if that was because of the family's connection to the temple or her connection to Adolph. 
Even the priestess was looking at Raven. 
Raven looked at the priestess when she was done and the woman smiled. 
"Well, she certainly belongs to the family," the priestess said. "Mom would have loved her."
Raven nodded and sat back, "It's a good start. Here are some tips to improve it"
###chapter 156: The Game Begins
Gavin was surprised to get an invitation to a private meeting with Laurel. Didn't the girl have any sense? Inviting him to tea was like asking him to poison her outright, or at least giving him a chance to whisper into the ears of the people that she surrounded herself with. With Adolph gone and her so far along in her pregnancy, she was uniquely vulnerable. 
Anything could happen. 
When he arrived at the palace,  was escorted to her private parlor and smirked down at her as she sat quietly, already sipping tea. Well, she wasn't so stupid as to make him wait. That was something. 
He sat down and shook his head, "If only my Olivia could see-"
"She'd probably be pulling her hair out in frustration," Laurel said. "How could a poor country girl be the true mate of the Goddess-Blessed King when she was just his wife?"
He scoffed, "A second mate at best. My Olivia-"
"You can drop the act," Laurel said, swirling her tea. "Adolph told me everything about her pining away for him during the war. How they had only a few days together Please save your rosy tales for your grandson and whoever else will listen."
Gavin narrowed his eyes at her. Had Adolph told her everything? He hadn't even known that Adolph knew about Olivia's melancholy and love for him, one-sided and fanciful as it was. He should have pushed her harder to make him fall for her, then they probably wouldn't be in this situation. 
Olivia might still be alive.
"Of course, the king would want to reassure his young bride"
Laurel chuckled, "You are more transparent than I remember, Gavin."
Gavin sneered, "So it's true. You are Laura."
"Laura?" Laurel asked, mocking confusion. "My name is Laurel. I know you didn't hold the former luna in many regards, enough to incite her parents into that mad ploy but have some respect for your current luna and the dead. At the very least, you should pretend to care about either of them."
Gavin eyed her. What was she playing at? 
"I only brought you here to discuss what will happen going forward. As you cannot be trusted to provide decent servants or care enough about the kingdom to ensure that its heir is properly educated, you will not have any contact with my child. You will not be attending ministry meetings going forward either."
Gavin sneered, "You can't do that."
"Oh, I can," she smiled plainly. "As soon as the search surfaces proof about your plots against the throne."
He froze, "What?"
She laughed, "You didn't really think that I invited you here to speak with you did I? I just needed you out of the way."
Gavin glared at her. She could be lying, but his stomach churned with nerves. He couldn't afford for her to find anything. He kept everything in a secret safe. No one but Basil would have known where it is.
Had he told them? The boy wasn't smart enough to lie about the smallest things. What reason would he have to think to lie about any secret safes? Did Basil know where the safes were? He couldn't recall ever telling him and the few times that Basil had been in his office for various things, he didn't remember opening them.
There was the heir's book which Gavin told him to read. It contained the code to the logbooks and all the details of where the safes were, but he didn't recall Basil reading it. He didn't even think the boy had taken it with him when he moved back into the palace.
"You won't find anything."
"Oh," Laurel chuckled, "I doubt that's true. I mean it's not hard for a werewolf to break open a plain metal safe, now is it? Not to mention whatever journals or letters between you and Olivia regarding her pursuit of Adolph from years ago You strike me as the type of man to keep such things in case of blackmail."
Did she know or was she baiting him?
"Blackmail? Who?" Gavin laughed, "You're ridiculous."
Laurel lifted her shoulder, "I know how proud Adolph is and I know how much he'd invested in Basil's happiness. The lie about Olivia and how deep your treachery went could destabilize everything Your part to play in Basil's choice of wife"
Gavin swallowed. She didn't know everything, but she had pieced together enough to have a potential case against him. Where had she heard all of this from?
"Old oil paintings don't cover the smell of iron, you know?"
He growled at her. How had she known they were iron safes? Why reference oil paintings? His largest safe was behind the portrait of an ancestor inside his office. She knew. Basil had told her. 
"And the drafts through secret rooms would be easy enough to detect for someone trained in infiltration," Laurel sipped her tea.
"You have no right to search my estate!" Gavin hissed, "You have no right! This is against the law!"
"As I recall, I am luna," she smiled. "In the king's absence, I have the right to do what must be done to safeguard the kingdom as it is and as it will be."
She placed a hand on her stomach meaningfully as she glared at him. 
"You have meant no good to any luna since Olivia's death, Gavin You haven't even done right by your grandson. Why would I ever believe you would do right by me?"
He growled and jumped to his feet. He wanted to leap across the table and strangle her, but that would cost time he didn't have. He hurried out of the room and down the corridor, calling for his carriage and for servants to get out of the way. When he got into the carriage, he ordered the driver to go as fast as possible back to the estate.
If she had sent people to the estate the same day he'd received the invitation, then they had likely been searching the estate since then. Depending on how many people she'd sent, they could have already found the safe. 
Then, what? She was right. His safes were all plain iron and tin. It wouldn't take any time to get through them for a battle experienced werewolf.  The carriage ratted, bumping down the road as fast as the horses could manage and Gavin resented more than anything never learning how to shift. 
He could have outstripped the horses by now and been at the estate already, he was sure of it. Had the Mirabelle family not lost their ability to shift through the years, Gavin might have been a warrior in another life. 
None of that matters now. It was hours before he saw the manor. Dread filled him as the carriage slowed to a screeching halt. He jumped out of the carriage and rushed inside expecting panic and terror, his staff being arrested and his crimes dragged into the light. 
Yet, there was nothing by silence. 
"Servant!" He hissed. "You! Where are they?"
The man looked startled and confused, "Minister what are you talking about?"
"The men that witch sent to search the manor!"
He blinked, "Minister, no one has come to the manor since your birthday."
He blinked and blinked again before letting out a screech of fury. 
That little witch had tricked him! To what? He tried to turn over the conversation, but he hadn't given anything crucial away Just enough to be suspected.
Just enough to have a basis of suspicion. She could take their conversation to the council and put forth a motion to have his estate searched based on their conversations. 
He groaned, rubbing his head. 
Damn her. He was too old to be played by a teenage girl! She'd pay for it one way or another. He sunk into his chair and poured himself a drink. He needed to calm down before he made another mistake. He'd need to come up with some red herring for the council in case she decided to bring the motion forward. Construction was the easiest, but that was only delaying the inevitable. 
Gavin finished his drink and went to start planning.  He sent a few letters with messengers to his contacts in the neutral zones to gather a large enough force of rogues. The last time, he hadn't timed it properly, but this time Adolph and his men were nowhere near the west border, and everything would be fine. 

Raven laughed as Laurel told her the way Gavin rushed out. 
"What I would have given to see his face!" Irene cackled. 
Raven chuckled, "It would have been a sight, but he's furious now. No doubt he'll be itching to push his plans up for the insult."
Laurel expected as much. Gavin had taught Basil to be prideful because he was the same way. She had meant to be as mean and as cutting as possible when they met.
"What do you think his next move will be?"
Raven shrugged, "Something reckless, probably."
Laurel hoped so. Otherwise, the surprise for Adolph's return would be ruined. 
###chapter 157: Assassin
Gavin would make her pay with her life for the insult and making a fool of him, but he only had a certain amount of time to do it. Based on his sources, Adolph wouldn't be back for a while yet, but how long wasn't clear. 
He had to be quick.
With any luck, the man he'd made an appointment with would be on time. 
"Sir, your appointment is here."
Gavin looked up as he entered. He'd arranged for them to meet in this squalid little townhouse on the worst side of town for the sheer ease of it. No one would suspect that he would meet anyone here and as it didn't belong to him, it would never be traced back to him. 
The man entered, hooded, and didn't sit. He was taller than Gavin and rather broad beneath his cloak. He wanted to see the man's face, but as he didn't plan to reveal his face, he couldn't ask an assassin to reveal his identity. 
No smart man would have agreed anyway.
"I hear you're someone who can get rid of a problem for me."
"Depends on how much of a problem and what you're willing to pay."
He slipped a piece of paper across the table. The directions were coded with old, obscure terms. Someone might have been able to crack the code, but the language wasn't particular to any level of society. A devout peasant could have written the note.
"Quite a problem," the man said. "And how do you propose this to happen?"
Gavin smirked. He'd set it up easily enough. Luring Laurel out of the castle was easy. In two days, there would be an attack on the orphanage and the hospital would lure her out to try and fix the damage as there wouldn't be enough hands around to get people to safety or to treat people. 
In the middle of the chaos, he'd have ample opportunity to murder her and escape. 
"A good plan. I'll need your seal and double what you're offering."
"Double?" That was ridiculous! He could find a cheaper assassin. He was sure of it.
"You're asking me to not only do this but to disappear from the kingdom. Do you think I want to end up like the last man who had managed to get away with it?"
Gavin's stomach turned. The sight of the man's rotting flesh, attracting carrion birds, and sliding from the pike he'd been impaled on haunted him and turned his stomach. Fine. He could perhaps find a cheaper assassin, but not one in the timeframe he'd locked himself into. If this remained undone and Adolph returned, he'd be screwed.
"Fine. Double."
"Half up front."
Gavin smirked pulling out an old seal that he very rarely used for anything. It was so old no one would be able to recognize it. He melted a candle, poured the wax, and stamped it firmly. The guard he'd brought with him handed over the money easily. It was a hefty fee, but he would make it back soon enough. 
"We'll meet here when it's done."
The man took the page and tucked it into his robes before leaving as silently as he came. 
A few minutes later, Gavin left out another entrance and headed back to the Mirabelle estate under the cover of the fading light.

The man entered the palace and drifted through the halls until he reached the parlor. He removed his hood and bowed. Raven smiled at him. He'd been a handsome young man before entering service and had only grown stronger with training.
"He took the bait?" Irene asked, shocked. 
Armina, another of their cousins, grinned, "Of course, he did."
Armina's pack was known for some of the best fighters and stealthy operations against vampires and rogue werewolves. Gavin hadn't been able to resist a man with that sort of reputation in the city. It had only taken a few pointed whispers in the right ears from the right people to make sure the information got to him and he requested a meeting. 
The young man set the bag of gold on the table with a distasteful grunt. 
"He didn't want to double the fee."
Armina laughed, "Well, I'm glad you held your position. You shouldn't be cheated for conspiring to commit treason!"
Double the amount would put Gavin in the firm line of some other charges that would ensure the ruination of the entire Mirabelle line and a lot of the noble packs. She'd be ushering in an era of real peace by weeding out all the corruption now. 
She wondered how Adolph would feel when he came back and nearly two-thirds of his noble packs were on trial for various crimes against the crown.
Laurel was glad everything had gone off without a problem. At least, this way. It would make it much easier to get Gavin and his accomplishments in the end. 
"From here, we weed out whoever he's using to make his plans work."
"Two days isn't a lot of time."
Raven nodded, "But the impatient will always show themselves early. I suggest we start with the far away packs first, anyone with known connections, then move on"
Laurel listened to Raven in a little bit of awe. She knew that Adolph had to be a great tactician to have won the battle he'd won, but seeing it in his sister made her wonder what kind of people their parents were. 
Irene grinned, "I would hate to make an enemy out of you, Rae'."
Raven grinned, "I'm flattered."
She turned to the young man, "Now, tell me everything."
Laurel sat back listening to the young man describe his meeting with Gavin in the little townhouse that didn't belong to him. It wouldn't take much time to figure out who it belonged to with little trouble.
"He never showed you his face?"
"No, and he used a seal I've never seen before."
Raven looked at the page skeptically. She didn't recognize the stamp immediately, but she knew that a lot of the old noble families had more than one stamp they used for paperwork that they would rather not have attached to their name formally. 
It would take a bit of work to find the origin of the stamp, but it wasn't impossible. 
It would be enough to have someone who could certify that they'd seen the stamp with Gavin before. 
Laurel gasped as she remembered a moment when she was Laura. She'd been speaking to Basil. It had been such an off-handed remark that she hadn't thought anything of it. 
He'd told her about the safe in Gavin's house and seeing a seal being used on his paperwork for his tutoring fees. 
If she was right, that paperwork should still be filed in the castle, and if not, Basil would recognize the seal easily. 
He might even be able to find it in the Mirabelle estate. 
She grinned, "I need to write to Prince Basil."
Raven's eyes widened, "Basil?"
"About the seal."
Raven narrowed her eyes, "What do you mean?"
Laurel swallowed, scrambling for something plausible to say when it came to her. 
"Prince Basil's tutoring fees were reserved for that purpose, only to be drawn out to pay his teacher. How then did Gavin get around the protocol without anyone noticing all these years?"
Raven frowned and she gasped, "You think he used the seal to sign for the paperwork."
Laurel grinned, "And if not, he's seen it. Gavin doesn't think Basil is smart enough to comprehend what he was doing all these years. He wouldn't have hidden it!"
Raven chuckled, "You're right Send Luna's order."
Laurel grinned. She hadn't ever had a reason to send one as Laura, but the fact that she would be sending one to Basil was entertaining beyond belief. 

"Basil."
Basil lifted his head at the call of his name. For the first few days, it had grated his nerves not to be called by his title, but he soon realized there was a freedom to just being another recruit. It took some of the pressure off his shoulders to be as great as his father had been and allowed him to get better at the drills. When he'd beaten his sparring partner for the first time, he'd been beside himself with joy. 
He went to the general and took the page from him. 
"You've been summoned by the luna. Get packed. The envoy will escort you back."
Basil swallowed a bit of nervousness before looking at the letter. There was no indication about what Laurel could want with him or how long. 
"What about my training?"
The man laughed and waved him off, "You're done. Not too much different than your father in that regard. You've got the Raymond warrior blood in you. Get packed."
His heart swelled with hope and he hurried back to his tent to pack his bag. 
"You're leaving?"
The voice was tentative, trying to be nonchalant. He turned to her and nodded. 
"I'll be back."
Her eyes narrowed and she turned away, "Safe travels."
Basil blew output a  
*Go talk to her, his wolf urged.* *Now!*
"As soon as possible," he called after her, stopping her with a hand on her shoulder. Their gazes met. 
*And?*
"To you."
Her eyes widened and her cheeks flushed before she turned away sharply, "That makes no sense. Safe travels, Prince Basil."
Basil sighed watching her walk away. To think, he once thought himself charming! He'd botched that completely. Maybe he should ask his father about what to do.
###chapter 158: Caught In the Trap
Gavin remained at the home when the attack happened, under the full watch of his staff so there would be ample witnesses. He'd sent a small group of his servants to the capital, just to pick up a few things and wait for their return. 
As he sipped his whiskey and made plans for what he would do first, he looked through his records. His monetary trail had been covered up well enough. The gold he'd given to the assassin and the rogues who were staging the attack had come from privately held vaults nestled in a small bank at the edge of his territory. It was so obscure that no one would be able to trace the money back to it unless they could break the code on his logbook. 
Basil was off on the border learning to be a soldier when he should be learning to be a king, so by the time Laurel was murdered and Adolph could even try to return, Gavin would fully be in the clear. 
"Minister Mirabelle, Jacob has returned from the capital," a servant said, huffing and puffing with shock. "He said there was an attack on the city!"
Gavin feigned shock and stood, "What do you mean? What's happened?"
She launched into an explanation about a large band of rogues appearing at the edge of the city and running straight through the citadel, stealing and pillaging. They set fires in the lower town and all through the middle town where the hospital, orphanage, and school were. 
"He said Luna Laurel was in the city" She said fearfully. "H-He didn't see anything else"
"Ready my carriage," he said, "I'll need to be there for the council meeting regarding the attack."
She hurried off, calling for his footmen as Gavin finished his tumbler of whiskey and prepared to put on his best show. It was so easy. Much easier than he'd ever expected to get Laurel out of the castle. Had she been stabbed with a sword or shot down with an arrow? 
Had she bled to death on the streets or caught in a fire?  He couldn't know, but he relished the thought of what it was doing to Adolph. It would serve him right for getting in the way of Gavin's plans for the kingdom and Basil.
Gavin got into his carriage and urged the driver to hurry towards the city. When he arrived, he rushed up to the council's room and found, as he expected, most of the room talking animatedly, in a full-blown panic. Raven looked grim. Irene looked pale as a ghost. The generals were growling, calling for blood and furious. 
"We've already sent word to the border," Raven said, "But it won't reach him in time"
"What's happened?" Gavin asked, "I was told there was an attack on the city? Was it vampires? Wiccans?"
"Rogues," Dorian said coolly. "Pillaging. They've been subdued, but the damage has been done."
They'd managed to retrieve Laurel's body without the citizens being aware, but she had died before they'd managed to get her to her chambers. 
Raven stood, "We're having the city watched and put under a curfew until we can look into where these rogues came from and how they got into the kingdom."
Irene suggested they interrogate the rogues that were held in the dungeon including Laura's parents. Gavin nodded, making a show of agreement while smirking on the inside. 
As soon as he'd managed to clear up the last loose end, everything would be perfect. 
"What about Basil?" Gavin asked, "If the king is sure to lose his sanity"
"As I said, we've sent word to the border," Raven said. "Chasel will be able to handle Adolph for a bit"
He'd forgotten about Chasel, but from what he understood of the man, it was more likely that he would end up dead trying to contain Adolph than successfully subduing him. It would be good riddance. Basil needed someone Gavin could easily control at his side.
They ended the council meeting half an hour later and Gavin left to take stock of the city. Soldiers roamed around, moving debris and hauling people out of the wreckage towards the hospital. 
The air smelled like ash and smoke. They had done a good job, and he was glad he was smart enough to broker the deal through so many people that it would be near impossible to trace it back to anyone still alive. 
He got out of the carriage in the midtown and worked his way through the city on foot until he reached his nondescript carriage as twilight began to fall. 
He reached the townhouse soon after and entered through the covered entrance. 
As expected, the assassin was there, waiting for him, seated in the corner. The two guards he'd stationed at the townhouse were there watching him as he entered. 
The man offered him the page Gavin had stamped several days ago. Gavin laughed.
"As if I would ever leave a loose end so obvious!" Gavin scoffed, "Kill him."
The guards didn't move. Gavin frowned and looked at them. 
"You heard me! Kill him!"
They still didn't move.
"They're not traitors.."
Gavin's stomach jolted at the sound of Laurel's voice.
The figure in the chair pulled off the hood and revealed Laurel's face. Her green eyes looked at him and his heart lurched. It was impossible and horrible. What was she doing here? 
Had this all been a setup? He thought of Raven and the rest of the council. Had they all been in on it? He turned to try and escape, but the two guards grabbed him and held him in place. 
"Conspiring to murder the luna and queen. Intent to attack the capital Acts of terrorism Attempted murder of the king" Laurel tutted, "Goodness Gavin, you've been busy these last few weeks."
She removed her cloak, revealing her armor and her heeled boots. She stood, looking as pregnant as she had been the last time he'd seen her and glaring down at him.
"You made it so easy to catch you too. Thanks for that."
"I'll tell the king who you are, Laura!" Gavin hissed. "How do you think the king will feel about you after that?"
Laurel laughed, "Why would he believe a traitor?"
"I am the grandfather of the crowned prince!" Gavin huffed, "You've set me up!"
"I didn't need to," she waved the page in her hand, "This is proof enough. Testimony of the man you paid to kill me is proof enough. And when Basil returns from the border, we'll have all the other information we need as well."
Gavin scoffed as his heart raced in terror, "He knows nothing!"
"Your little coded books?" Laurel asked with a slight lift of her shoulder, "The obscure banks and missing trails of money? I think he'll know enough for us to have proof Not that Adolph will need it to have you executed."
She rubbed the swell of her stomach, "You tried to murder me, Gavin. You're done and all of the Mirabelle line will probably suffer as well."
"You can't!" Gavin growled and gasped as he heard Laura's voice in the back of his mind from that night. 
*You can't!*
She smiled, looking down at him with a cold light in her eyes, "You should know your place in the kingdom, Gavin."
Gavin froze, looking up into her cold green eyes. He heard his voice from years ago, telling Laura the same thing. It felt like a bucket of ice water thrown in his face. 
Adolph was going to have him executed, and all of the Mirabelle family would be implicated.
"What have I done?" Gavin gasped and looked up at him, "It was only me! You leave Basil out of this! Leave them all out of it!"
"We'll see," Laurel said with a nod of her head, "Take him to the dungeons and have the entire Mirabelle family seized and detained.  I'm sure my husband will have words for him and all of the others when he returns."
Gavin struggled, trying to break free, "You can't kill me! I'm the crowned prince's grandfather!"
Laurel ignored him, turning and heading to the carriage with a little smile. 
As if his relation to Basil would save him from Adolph's wrath. She didn't even think Basil would plead for his innocence. As she returned to the palace, she felt the last bit of tension ebb out of her. 
Peace was on the horizon, and Adolph would be going home soon.
As they walked, Adolph didn't want to admit how similar the two castles were. He hadn't noticed it the first time he'd been to Ash castle, but now that he was exploring it without the need for blood and fear of being discovered, there were too many similarities to ignore. 
He wondered if there had once been a garden behind the castle. It looked like it could have been ages ago, but the land was barren now. 
Eden's Voice came from above, "It used to be beautiful."
###chapter 159: The Hidden Door
Adolph turned to look at Eden down the hall, seated in an open window high above Adolph's head, silent and still. He hadn't even noticed Eden there. How had he gotten up there? Could he fly?
How had he been so silent? It was as if he was dead with no heartbeat to mark his presence or the whoosh of his breathing. 
Unnerving and dangerous. He eyed Eden. 
"Oh?"
"When she was a girl, there was a garden down there," he pointed out to where Adolph had assumed a garden had been. "The flowers were the first to die then the trees Then the rock turned black and the canals of blood began to dry up."
Adolph shuddered, "Canals of blood?"
Eden nodded, "They feed the base of the protections on the castle. I think in Crystal Castle the protections were fed by the people who lived there."
Adolph frowned, "The living werewolves?"
Eden nodded and his lips twitched, "Morrigan's plan to rot the werewolf kingdom from the inside started long before Delia arrived."
"... is this a part of those memories you were talking about?"
Eden nodded, "It's a peculiar thing. Most vampires aren't strong enough to feel the memories of the people they drink from. Most people aren't strong enough to carry memories in their blood either Morrigan's memories are quite powerful."
"And it has nothing to do with you being her son?"
"Oh, it had everything to do with it. Her memories, her blood, are speaking to mine. Informing it Enriching it in some way. I'm certain there's not another vampire alive like me"
Eden sighed and turned gliding down from his perch and landing soundlessly down the corridor from him. 
"We have to get to the heart of the castle," Eden said. "The hearth if you will."
"To do what?"
"My father's curse and the poison of Morrigan's evil is centered there." Eden turned, "We could have this done quickly. I can see that you're anxious to return to your capital city."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "And what of everyone else?"
He shrugged, "Even if you brought them, they wouldn't be able to enter."
Adolph was wary of it, but he followed Eden down the hall. He wanted to go home as soon as possible. His wolf was restless thinking of Laurel alone back at the castle with whatever danger was lurking there, including Gavin. 
Eden led him down several hallways and a set of stairs. The air turned colder and muskier as if they were going somewhere that very few people had gone. 
Several doorways led to a room that had the same feeling as the heart of the garden behind the Crystal Castle. 
Was this the Ash castle's garden? 
Eden approached a gate and opened it. The scent of poison and blood ebbed from the open doorway and Eden walked in. Adolph rested his hand on his sword and followed warily. 
The room was set up a great deal like the garden, but the stench of death was nearly overwhelming. 
In the thick miasma, he nearly lost sight of Eden and cast his gaze around the room waiting for the man to attack him out of the mists, but all he heard was a soft gasp. 
"...father?"
Adolph turned, searching the mists for Eden's figure before he found him standing at the edge of a dark pool. A near translucent figure of a man hovered above the placid surface. He looked a great deal like Eden, but older. He could have been Adolph's age, but he knew from Taliesin and Eden's anecdotes that he was much older. 
"When I said run," his father began. "I expected you to run away What were you thinking?"
"I I can't answer that."
Adolph approached him to look at the man more clearly. He turned his gaze on Adolph with a calm smile. 
"Such an honor to meet one chosen by the moon. I hope my son hasn't caused you too much trouble."
Adolph's lips twitched, "You're oddly agreeable for a dead man."
Caedan laughed, "I was always agreeable. My son picked up his prickly attitude from his mother's family."
His laughter died into something soft and wistful. 
"I suppose you're here to undo the curse."
"Yes," Eden said. 
Caedan shook his head and gestured to the pool beneath him. 
"You'll have to cleanse the pools, but Morrigan's spirit remains here"
Adolph clenched his jaw, "What the hell does that mean?"
Eden looked thoughtful. 
"She's a wraith?"
Caedan nodded, "I don't have the power to banish her I'm barely keeping her away from you now."
Eden nodded and turned to Adolph, "Give me your sword."
His eyes narrowed and she offered it by the handle, ready to dart out of the way if he needed. 
Eden whirled his finger and the sword turned upright in his hand. The blade vibrated with light before beginning to glow. 
"You'll need to be quick," Eden said, "You'll know when."
Adolph eyed him as Caedan looked at his son then nodded. The mists shifted, feeling like a shield around him as Eden turned. 
A howling screech filled the air around them and Morrigan's voice thundered from the whirling air. 
"You traitor!" Her face appeared out of the mists, swiping at Eden. He stepped aside, drawing a blade seemingly from nowhere and blocking her attack before she vanished again. 
"I am your queen! Your goddess! You owe me everything you are!"
Eden shoved her away from him and cast a blast of light at her. She shrieked and hissed. 
"You'll pay for that, wretched boy!" The wind picked up around him, lifting him into the air and slamming him into the far wall. "I should have drained you when you were just a babe!"
Eden choked as he slammed into the ground. He struggled to his feet, brandishing his knife. 
With a shot, he blew her back. His gray eyes turned a burning amber as his voice rose and echoed through the room. 
The placid pool around them lifted into the air in a rank cyclone. 
Eden whirled, thrusting a hand forward that blew the mists away, revealing Morrigan's spectral form. 
"That's impossible!"
"You're dead, Morrigan," Eden growled. "And all dead must give way to the living."
Morrigan charged just past Adolph as if she didn't see him. He sprinted forward, shoving his blade right through her chest. She choked and stumbled, reaching for the blade. Her head turned to face him. Her eyes widened, and she shrieked, disappearing into a shower of light. 
It was oddly anticlimactic. 
"Is she gone?"
The mists vanished, revealing the stone details of the room, elegantly carved and darkened with evil. Caedan seemed to be fading as he faced them. 
"You're more powerful than I ever was," Caedan said thoughtfully. "More powerful than my father too It must be the Ash blood."
"What does that mean?"
Caedan sighed, "You know about your aunt, don't you? Morrigan drained her to death."
Eden choked, wrapping a hand around his neck. 
"What does that mean?"
"It's such a taboo. Only to be done in the direst of circumstances She tried to take her power?"
Caedan nodded, "And in doing so, she lost her own The moon goddess does not forgive the murder of kin"
Eden nodded, gravely, "I understand that I was cursed as well."
Caedan chuckled and stepped forward, placing his hands on Eden's shoulders. 
"I do not believe that you are anything but blessed."
Eden stiffened as Caedan drew back, "The curse is simple. It was cast based on the broken bonds between our people. Wiccans and vampires, vampires and werewolves. In an allegiance between you two, it is undone."
"That's all?' Eden asked with a huff. 
"It would only work if Ash castle recognized you as its master," Caedan gestured to the pools. "It came to your aid when you called."
Adolph narrowed his eyes, "You mean Eden will have to remain on the throne of the vampires for this to work?"
Caedan smirked, "The thrones of the moon are separate for a reason."
He gestured to Eden, "A child of the new moon and the sun Heir to the Ash and Emrys lines A convergence and you," he gestured to Adolph. "The black wolf, the king of the children of the full moon. You were never meant to be at odds While my brother may take over the Wiccan Alliance when my father decides it is time for him to finally rest, you were always meant to reform these bonds."
Eden looked at Adolph and offered his hand, "I am willing if you are."
Adolph eyed his hand, wondering if he had a choice given the state of the vampire lands and how little he knew about them. Would it be so bad to have Eden as an ally? At least, this Eden seemed more interested in fixing the wrongs of his mother than causing trouble for Adolph. 
And if Eden was on the throne, he would have an ally who could compel every vampire into compliance. He could stay in the werewolf kingdom and not worry much about the people within the Ash lands. 
More than all of that, Laurel would want him to strive for peace. He looked at his blade. 
"If I needed to could I kill you with this blade?"
Eden smiled, "Consider it goodwill."
Adolph sheathed the glowing blade and shook Eden's hand.
###chapter 160: Curse Lifted
Adolph stood aside as Eden walked to the center of the room. A stone platform lifted him into the air. The air stirred as Adolph watched the thick, black pool ripple and flow through the cracks in the stone platform. 
"What is he doing?"
"It's a blood cleansing ritual," Caedan said mistily. "It will release every spirit trapped in the pools and cleanse the reservoirs."
Adolph looked at the man, "Including you?"
He smiled and nodded, "Including me."
His voice turned to a whisper and his form vanished into a swirl of light that broke against the dark stone, clearing the darkness. More streaks of light jumped from the flowing liquid, blasting the darkness out of the stone until it turned a glowing silver like moonlight. 
Adolph watched stone turn silver beneath his feet. The door gleamed behind him and opened. He followed the rushing light and silver back up the stairs until he reached a window and saw that dawn was breaking over the citadel. Had they been down there that long? It hadn't felt like hours. 
The clouds parted and the first rays of sunlight broke across the land. 
There was something in the air he couldn't describe as anything but magic
In the distance, a tower of golden light filled the sky. When he turned towards the werewolf kingdom, he saw another tower of silver light where Crystal Castle was. 
He smirked wondering if Laurel could see the beams of light from where she was. 
When he descended the stairs, he found Eden unconscious on the stone platform. He looked so young there, no older than Basil in his sleep. 
Weeks ago, he would have tried to ram his sword through the man's chest as he lay sleeping, yet he had sworn to an allegiance of peace.  He sheathed his sword and lifted Eden from the steps. The man stirred just so. 
"... could have killed me."
Adolph hefted him onto his back, "I'm a man of my word I don't make unnecessary enemies."
Eden hummed, barely moving while Adolph carried him. 
"Your father didn't deserve to die that way," Eden said. "I'm sorry for the havoc that woman caused you and your family."
Adolph swallowed. He hadn't allowed himself to think of his father dying in the middle of battle rather than losing himself to the madness of losing his mate. 
"I'm sorry that I can't break it" Eden whispered. 
"Break what?" 
"The curse," Eden whispered. "I was so wrong No not wrong just unaware There's so much So much more than the blood at work."
Adolph listened to him go on as he carried Eden up the stairs, but nothing he was saying made any sense. He knew that it was important, but he couldn't make out what he was supposed to do with all the information Eden was giving him.
"Blood aura," Eden said, slipping into sleep. "I'll do my best"
"Get some sleep," Adolph said. "You'll need it if you want me to understand what you're talking about."
Eden mumbled something more as he reached the group of Wiccans they came with.  Taliesin was there, happy to take Eden off his hands. People scurried around, vampires and Wiccans, to try and make up accommodations. 
"You've been missing for several days," Taliesin said, "Is it Is it done?"
Adolph shook his head, laying on a cot with a sigh of exhaustion, "You'll have to ask him when he wakes"
He slipped into sleep, barely hearing Taliesin's grunt of complaint.
When he woke up, Chasel was at his side watching him carefully. 
"What is it Chasel?"
Chasel's nose twitched, "You don't feel any different?"
Adolph frowned at him, "Should I?"
"The scent of blood has gotten worse."
Adolph's heart lurched, "What do you mean?"
Chasel shuddered, "It's It's more than before More oppressive than before What happened down there?"
Adolph sat up and looked to where Eden was barely awake. His eyes glowing amber and looking regretful. 
"I tried to explain."
Adolph looked at him, "What do you mean?"
It was several days later when Adolph and his envoy were preparing to head home. When Eden was well enough to celebrate with the people and Adolph was satisfied with Eden's explanation, he planned to return to the capital city. 
Eden hadn't been agreeable to the idea, but Adolph was firm. If he had such limited time, no matter what he did, he wanted to spend it with Laurel if it was possible.
Eden walked him to the gates of the city. 
"I'll see you soon about the details," Adolph said, eyeing Eden. "Not too soon."
Eden chuckled, "The way I hear it, I've disrupted your married life enough for several lifetimes."
"Damn right," Adolph mounted his horse. 
"Until then." Eden looked up at him. "I will search for an answer."
Adolph nodded, "Thank you for your help."
Eden nodded and bade him farewell. Adolph nudges his horse to head towards the border. The odd unease he'd been feeling subsided a bit as they passed the rebuilt temple to the goddess. Lunar flowers had begun to bloom and crawl up the silver stone. 
The people looked so much more at peace. Their eyes sparkled and they cheered them as they left. 
He'd have to tell Laurel all about this and the truth about the blood aura. He sighed and looked up at the sky wondering how much time he had. Days? Weeks? Months? Would he get to meet his unborn child? Would he be there when he or she shifted for the first time? Would he get the chance to be a father to them the way he hadn't been to Basil or would he lose his mind before the child could form any memories of him? 
"Chasel."
"Yes, Your Majesty?"
"Remember what I asked you years ago? Before Olivia."
Chasel hesitated, but he nodded, "I do."
"I still mean it Even if it hurts Even if Laurel is against it."
When they reached the border, the camp was alive with activity. The generals met him and looked a bit nervous. His heart lurched and he reached across his bond with Laurel to touch her mind. She didn't seem panicked, but she was irritated.
*Laurel, are you hurt?*
He heard her scoff. My back hurts and the water isn't cold enough. Lily and Sarah are about ten minutes from trying to carry me everywhere, and Raven finds it hilarious.
Adolph chuckled and his heart eased at her light tone as he dismounted.
*Why are my generals so nervous?*
She laughed, *I have a surprise for you when you get back.* *Don't spoil it.* *Come home soon.*
Adolph's lips twitched as he headed into camp. With a sigh, he prepared to spend the night at the camp before heading back. He took some time to watch the training and noticed that Basil wasn't among the newest recruits. He might have had gotten through training already, but it wasn't likely considering how far behind he was. 
"General," Adolph called, "Where is my son?"
The man looked nervous and glanced around before clearing his throat, "Well Prince Basil returned to the capital city by order of the luna."
Adolph frowned, wondering what sort of present his lovely young wife had for him that required his son to return to the city. 
His birthday wasn't that soon, and neither was Basil's. He was sure Laurel's birthday hadn't passed yet, and there was no reason to recall Basil. 
He shook it off, deciding not to try and spoil it though he was quite curious. 
In the morning, they headed back to the capital city, stopping at a few packs along the way. There was a strange sense of resignation among the nobles and terror. They seemed overly polite and respectful. People were missing from the noble packs.
As he reached the capital city, he smelled the lingering scent of smoke and bloodshed. He tried to keep calm and not rush towards the castle. Nothing seemed damaged. If anything, a lot of the buildings seemed to have new faces as if Laurel had finally managed to implement the usage of the city improvement funds she'd been trying to build up after discovering the embezzlement. Had she managed to trace and recover the funds or had she simply moved some of her budget around?
Standing on the steps were Laurel, Lily, Sarah, Sam, and Lynn to greet him. It was a bit strange not to see Raven and the others as well, but he supposed it had something to do with this surprise she had planned. 
"Welcome home, husband," Laurel said brightly as he dismounted. He pulled her close to kiss her soundly. A bit of relief and dread filled him. How was he going to tell her?
"Thank you, dearest wife What is this about a surprise."
She beamed up at him, "Gavin Mirabelle and several other nobles are to be tried for treason."
What had his wife been doing while he was away?
###chapter 161: Death Penalty
It took longer than he anticipated to get back to the capital city. The escort didn't tell him anything and as he entered the city, he only grew more nervous. What could Laurel possibly want from him? 
The knights escorted him into the castle with little fuss and straight to the throne room. Laurel was seated on her throne and practically glowing. Her stomach was larger than it had been when he'd left. For a moment, he regretted the sight of her. 
Laura could have been glowing and pregnant with his child if he had been a good man. 
His wolf growled, *Laura was not our mate.*
He still wasn't sold that they had found their mate either, but he didn't want to get into the argument with his wolf right now. After all, they'd had a marked mate bond with Laura. Then, there was Delia who was barely a marked mate, and now, his wolf was making such a fuss about a woman he barely knew. 
His wolf grumbled, *If you had listened to me before, you wouldn't be so wary about the possibility now.* 
He could admit that he was right and that not listening to his wolf had gotten him into trouble in the first place, but his wolf hadn't been drawn to Laura immediately either. 
*Lies*, his wolf scoffed. 
Basil huffed. They were just starting to get on speaking terms and getting along. It was more troublesome than he liked in some ways, but it was better than the silence. His wolf hadn't forgiven him for ignoring him, enchantment or not, for all this time. He hadn't forgiven him for letting his grandfather run his life with regards to his training and shifting, but Basil didn't blame him. 
He hadn't forgiven himself for it either. If he had listened or at least tried to stand up for himself instead of letting Gavin lead him around, Laura would still be alive. Maybe things would have ended up like they were now, but at least he'd feel less guilty about it all.
"Welcome home, Prince Basil," Laurel said. "I hope your journey was safe."
"Yes" he swallowed looking at Adolph's empty throne. Where was his father? He should have been back to the capital by now. Had something happened to him? "What Why was I called?"
Laurel gave him a gentle smile, "Your grandfather is on trial for several things, chief among them is treason."
Basil's eyes widened. Horror went through him. 
"Was he working with Delia?"
"No," Laurel said, "As far as we can tell, he was operating within his sphere of influence in the kingdom."
Basil lowered his gaze, "F-For how long?"
"Well, that is what I call you here to try and figure out. I am having your grandfather's estate searched. As you would be his heir, I thought perhaps you may be able to help the search go a bit faster. Destroying the manor to find a few safes or hidden storerooms would be a waste of time and resources."
Basil nodded, "That's understandable."
"For now, you will be escorted to a parlor for the preliminary trial this afternoon."
He wanted to protest, but he nodded. Treason was dangerous. He was Adolph's son, but he was also Gavin's grandson. If they even thought he had something to do with Gavin's plans, he'd be on the chopping block. Maybe he would simply be incarcerated for the rest of his life, but that wasn't much better than death. 
He let the escort take him to the parlor. To his surprise, he wasn't treated terribly. They had food set out for him and tea, but no one came to visit him. His mind turned to his father and the border. Did his father know about all of this, or was this something that Laurel planned to surprise him with? What had Gavin done to be charged with treason?
His father would be furious, and how could he blame him? 
After all the embezzling and the audits that had to be done, he would have thought that his grandfather would have been smart enough to toe the line and be content with his position as a ceremonial minister. At least, he'd been able to retain all of his wealth, unlike the other ministers. 
How could his grandfather be so stupid?
Basil had finished eating by the time they returned for him and led him to the throne room. 
Gavin was there as was the full council. Adolph looked a bit conflicted, but resolute at Laurel's side. The seat Basil usually occupied was empty. He wondered how long it would remain so.
"Basil!" Gavin cried, "Thank the moon. Tell them that everything is a lie! I was tricked!"
Basil frowned and looked around the room, "What happened?"
"Before we begin," Adolph said, "I grant you, Basil, full pardon based on plausible ignorance."
His eyes widened and Adolph smiled, "It would be hard to suspect your involvement while you were on the border."
Basil frowned, "Involvement in what?"
"An attempt on the luna's life."
Basil's blood ran cold and he looked at Gavin, "You did what?"
"I haven't done anything! I was tricked!"
"That's not a defense!" Basil asked, "What Why?"
Gavin turned bright red, "Who are you to question me like that? You stupid boy! You think you've learned anything while being on the border with those witches and-"
Basil darted towards him, growling furious and threatening as he loomed over Gavin. His thoughts turned hazy with fury. His wolf was howling for blood. 
"Hold your tongue!" His voice thundered through the room and Gavin drew back, pale and shocked. 
Laurel was surprised and impressed. She looked at Adolph who smiled proudly. Basil turned back to them, his eyes glowing red before flickering back to their normal blue. 
"I put myself at the disposal of the court," Basil growled. 
"What? Basil-"
"Her Majesty, Luna Laurel, mentioned searching the estate, if there is any aid I can give, you will have it." He glared at Gavin, "And though I am not allowed to sit in judgment of his crimes. Should he or any other members of the Mirabelle family and pack be found guilty, I advocate for the standard procedures to be observed."
Gavin drew in a deep gasp of horror. 
Adolph stared at his son in shock and surprise. He hadn't expected Basil to be able to say such a thing or even suggest it. The normal rules for treason were the eradication of the entire line and the absorption of all their property. The bodies of the executed were not to be buried. 
Adolph's father had put the man closest to the act of treason on display, impaled, and left to rot in public. Adolph had no wish to terrorize his people with such a sight, though he could see the appeal of the gruesome display. There was just the problem that such a thing would become more complicated with Basil's tie to the Mirabelle line even with his pardon.
"I fully denounce any ties of blood or heirship to the Mirabelle line," Basil said. 
Adolph drew back in surprise. He couldn't tell if Basil was just making a hasty decision out of pain and anger or if he truly felt that way.
Gavin grew paler and his voice turned soft a pleading, "Basil, you can't-"
"You tried to kill her!" Basil growled, "I do not care how or what your reasoning is. You tried to kill her and you were caught."
"I was tricked-"
"Into showing your hand," Basil glared at him. "You would have done the same thing to Laura eventually!"
His eyes burned with grief, "Because she couldn't be controlled the way you controlled me, but it's all over, isn't it?"
"Basil," Gavin said, "You can't I'm your grandfather. What about-What would your mother think?"
He lifted his chin, "My mother died giving birth to me, Gavin. She died a good wife and luna."
He sneered at him, "Stupid child! Your mother-"
"I will rip your throat out!" Basil growled, "Say another word."
Laurel looked at Adolph who watched on in amusement. Gavin shut his mouth as Basil's eyes flickered red. She looked at Raven who was shocked and Irene who looked as though she wanted to stand and applaud. 
Basil turned back, "Should I accompany the search party?"
"Tomorrow," Adolph said, "For now, we will ask you questions to ascertain anything you may have known about his actions over the years to guide the search You mentioned the late luna, Laura. We can start there."
Gavin stared up at Basil in horror and shock as Basil answered every question clearly and completely, revealing how much he did and didn't know. It was the full shape of Gavin's schemes over the years, but Basil knew enough that Gavin knew that as soon as Basil decoded the Mirabelle logbooks, he and most of the family would not escape execution. 
His eyes burned. How had he raised Basil to resent him so much?
None of this would have happened if he'd managed to kill Laurel or if Delia had been able to do it.
###chapter 162: Cleaning Up Treason
Basil went with the search team and went around the house revealing all the telltale signs of a hidden safe. There were several hidden throughout the mansion and with a few looks at the logbooks, he gave them every code he could. He had the servants detained and opened every hidden door and passageway with burning red eyes. 
The knights who had gone with him reported back that it was a bit like working with a less frightening, though far more angry, version of Adolph. 
Adolph wasn't surprised that Basil was taking the lead in the investigation. It was probably a deeper wound than he realized yet to know that his family members had been stabbing him in the back all these years. After all, Basil was a Mirabelle, but above that, he was the heir to the throne. Every act of treachery could have jeopardized that. 
"Will he be okay?" Raven asked over lunch. 
Laurel grimaced and swirled her tea as Adolph shook his head, "I can only let him prove what he needs to within reason But no. I don't think he will be okay for a long time."
Raven nodded, "Surely, there has to be someone in the pack that hasn't been involved in this?"
Adolph was doubtful. Gavin's father had been a greedy man too. His father always said that it simply ran in the family. 
Basil returned with the latest carriage full of his family members and had them marched to the dungeons, ignoring their pleas for mercy. 
"If you are found innocent," Basil said, "There will be no need for mercy."
The man trembled, shuddered, and said nothing. It was all Basil needed to see to know that he was among the guilty. No one looked at him in the eye after he'd said that and he'd taken a rotation to question them all with the logbooks in front of him about how much each of them was given and for what. 
Most of it was money for trinkets or new clothes. There were a few who had needed money for home repairs or travel, but it had all been frivolous and enough money to be considered grand theft. 
Theft wasn't enough to be murdered over, but their involvement with plots against Laura had been. 
Basil glared at the old woman who had the nerve to look proud. 
"She wasn't the luna you needed. You should have married a woman like your mother. It was for the best"
"The best for your pockets," Basil growled. 
"You didn't care for her anyway! You didn't even mourn her or let her grave settle before marrying that Delia girl-"
"Do not throw my mistakes in my face when you are facing execution!"
Her jaw trembled, "You You wouldn't let your father execute me."
"Did you or did you not provide my grandfather with poison with the intention to have my late wife, the former luna, murdered?"
Her eyes grew hard and Basil glared at her as she remained silent. 
"Your silence is just as good as an admission of guilt."
"But Basil-"
"Save your pleas," Basil growled. "It would be one thing to simply take the money without knowing. It is something different to take from the kingdom I am heir to. You betrayed the kingdom. You betrayed your king and me as well. I have nothing more to say to you."
He gestured to the guard, "Take her back to her cell and bring in the next."
He let out a shuddering breath.
"Perhaps you should take a break," Chasel said from the doorway and walked to him, hauling him to his feet. "It's after dinner. Get out. They'll keep until tomorrow."
He tried to protest, but Chasel shoved him towards a group of guards who had been a part of his escort before ushering him towards the mess hall and shoving him into a seat, and forcing him to eat with everyone else. 
For a while, it was like being back on the border, eating with all the soldiers there with no regard to his social standing. There was more jam here, but the company was the same. The loud stories from the knights and bawdy jokes kept his mind off the reality. 
After dinner, he left the castle and headed towards the training pitch. He wasn't going to sleep any time soon, so he picked up a training sword from the barrel and started going through his strike drills.

Chasel came to him to report about Basil's interrogation efforts and Adolph sighed. 
"Thank you for forcing him to eat. I'll take it from here."
Chasel nodded. He changed out of his formal wear, leaving him in plain breeches, a tunic, and his sword belt. 
Adolph carried a bottle of whiskey and two glasses downstairs after Laurel had gone to bed, using his senses to find his son. It wasn't hard. Basil was the only one who would be in his wing and there was nothing but silence coming from that direction. He drifted through the castle until his feet led him out towards the training pitch. He hadn't gotten that close when he heard the familiar sounds of breathing through strike drills. 
It was crazy that Basil would be drawn to the training pitch the way he had been. When he couldn't sleep as a child, he went to the pitch and fumbled about trying to imitate the knights and his father until he started training. Then, it was just a way to calm himself. 
When he arrived, he found Basil midway through sword evasion drills. He'd gotten faster on his feet. There was less hesitation in the way he moved from one stance to another. He was drenched with sweat and reminded Adolph of a younger version of himself as he took a seat on a bench to watch quietly. 
Basil executed a quick string of forward attacks before stumbling a bit, telling Adolph that he'd hit his limit.
"Come have a drink with your father."
Basil froze and lowered his blade. 
" I don't want to be here," Basil said softly. "Would you Would you let me return to the border before the executions?"
Basil looked up, regretting how weak it sounded, but he knew that he wouldn't be able to watch the executions with any measure of sanity. Sure, he knew they were all traitors in one way or another, but they had once been family. 
He remembered visiting with most of them, sharing meals and such with all of them. It felt as though his entire childhood and adolescence had been a lie as most of them had been actively stealing from the same throne he was supposed to inherit. 
Would he inherit it still? Did he want to inherit it? He thought back to the one person he promised himself he wouldn't think about until he returned and grit his teeth. 
His wolf was adamant. He had to make his peace with that, but was it that simple? What about his father? 
How would he feel about her? Maybe it would be easier to let Laurel's child inherit the throne.
"I know there are more things to be done to fix everything he's done, but I I just can't."
"You can leave in the morning if you want," Adolph said and poured to glasses. "After breakfast. Raven and the others will want to say goodbye. You'll need to finish basic training at least."
"I couldn't stay beyond that?"
Adolph smiled, "We can talk about it then if that's what you want."
Basil nodded and came to sit beside him. He didn't touch the glass as he leaned forward, letting his sword clatter to the ground as he let out a wet shuddering breath. His eyes were burning along with every muscle in his body. 
Tears came as a sob escaped him.
"All of them" Basil gasped. "A-All of them"
Adolph didn't know if Basil knew that Olivia had also been a part of Gavin's treachery and to what extent that Olivia knew she was being used, but if he could spare his son that knowledge, he would. It was unlikely as Basil had decoded most of the logbooks that detailed all of Gavin's plans.
"I cannot promise that it will get easier," Adolph said. "I can only tell you that you are not alone."
Basil sniffled and nodded shakily, "I just I don't want to believe it I don't want to keep finding more and more evidence, but I do And I keep thinking that if I'd been smarter if I'd just tried harder then so much wouldn't have happened."
"You're taking on too much guilt, Basil. It's not yours to bear." Adolph sighed and took a drink, "For now, drink and go to bed, Basil."
Basil sniffled and took the drink. He drank the full glass and Adolph walked him back to his room. He waited, listening for Basil to fall asleep or at least get in bed. When he was certain that Basil was asleep, he headed back to his chambers and climbed in next to Laurel with a low sigh.
###chapter 163: The End of Mirabelle
Basil was packed to leave before breakfast the next morning. As promised, Adolph only had him stay long enough to eat breakfast and say goodbye. He was surprised that Irene hugged him close. 
"You've grown so much," she said before drawing back and grinning, "Looks like there's some Raymond in there after all."
He gave her a phantom smile before taking the bag of food from Raven and another hug. Henry clapped him on the shoulder. 
"See you soon, Basil."
Basil didn't agree, but he accepted their well-wishes and placed the food in his saddlebag. Adolph was the last to bid him goodbye. He pulled him into a tight hug and whispered the same prayer his father had said over him when he went to the border. 
Basil looked up at him a bit dazed and Adolph grinned. 
"This in no way makes you any less my son," Adolph said, pulling back and cupping his face. "You have come far, and I am proud of you. I'll see you soon."
Basil nodded shakily before mounting his horse and leaving with the escort. 
Adolph watched him cut a sharp and straight path out of the capital and let out a pained breath. Laurel stepped up beside him and took his hand. He had never imagined he would see Basil escaping the capital city the way he was. 
"Shall we head to the execution?" Adolph asked. He looked at Laurel. "You don't have to come."
Laurel squeezed his hand, "Yes, I do. Together. Sword and Shield."
He smiled and kissed her temple, "As you wish."
They took a carriage to the execution platform where people were gathered. Many of the guilty remained quiet, curling into themselves as they were marched up to the execution block. Gavin howled in agony as most of his family was forced to their knees and beheaded. The few who did scream and try to escape gained no sympathy. They were among the most guilty. 
Finally, the last of Basil's great uncles was brought forth meaning that Gavin was next.
It didn't surprise him that Gavin started screaming then. 
"I'm a proud member of this kingdom! My family's been a noble family for centuries!" Gavin cried, fighting against the guards as his brother was forced to his knees. 
"This is all your fault, Gavin! May the moon goddess torture you well into your next life!"
The crowd jeered at him calling him out on his hypocrisy. 
The blade fell with a loud thunk, and Gavin howled in agony. 
It was a good thing that they hadn't let Basil stay for this. It would have destroyed him even though he had helped make it possible and suggested it. 
When Gavin was marched up to the platform, the jeering grew louder as if the people had been saving their energy for his execution. They probably were. Laurel knew from her past life that he had been a cruel man. The machinations they knew of had wrought such havoc across the kingdom. She could only imagine that the machinations they had yet to find were no better. 
"You can't kill me!" Gavin cried. "Think of my Olivia! She would have never stood for this!"
"I'm tempted to gag him," Adolph said offhandedly. "It's horrible that he can believe such blatant lies."
Laurel shuddered and took his hand, "You know he's just desperate, trying to garner some sympathy."
"Perhaps," Adolph said, "But it is beneath even him to bring up the dead, especially when he knows the truth of his daughter's involvement."
Olivia hadn't taken the same route that Delia had, but she had contemplated it and Gavin had made arrangements. It turned out to be unnecessary thanks to Adolph's desperation, but the thought of being in danger of being enchanted made him sick. 
What would have happened to his kingdom if they had gone through with the plan? What would have happened to Laura or Laurel? Would Morrigan have been defeated? It made his head hurt just thinking about what could have happened if he'd decided against listening to the ministers.
"You!" Gavin growled, looking at Laurel. "You evil wench! It's all a lie! I've been framed! You'll regret this! You'll regret this! You'll see! That throne won't be yours for long! It was never meant to be yours!"
The guards shoved him down to the chopping block and Laurel blocked out his words as the crowd cheered and the herald carried on announcing Gavin's crimes against the crowd.
"You were never meant to be luna! You'll regret making a fool of the Mirabelles, Adolph!"
Adolph felt the wind stir almost ominously as the ax came down with a vicious thunk and Gavin's head rolled down the steps of the platform and the body slumped to one side.
The bodies would be left in a communal ditch outside the city to be ravaged by wolves. There would be no mourning flags or burials. The name of Mirabelle would forever be stained. It was horrible, but Laurel felt a sense of peace take over. 
With Gavin dead, they just had to clean up the mess Gavin's machinations had left behind. 
Laurel felt a great deal more at peace and Adolph relaxed more and more as they continued to clean up the mess Gavin left behind. 
They recovered so much gold it completely refilled the treasury. The mansion was closed until they could figure out something to do with it. The furniture was covered. The portraits were all taken down and destroyed. The books were taken and searched through turning up other evidence of Gavin's plans against the throne leading all the way back to when Olivia was just a young girl. 
Laurel's stomach turned reading through some of the notes about how he planned to ensure Olivia would get the throne she wanted. His plots against Raven and the rest of the family to isolate and control Adolph had been heart-wrenching and infuriating to read. 
Laurel almost wished she could revive him to kill him again. 
There were notes on Laura as well. He hadn't begun to toy with the idea of killing her outright, but he was actively looking to replace her if he could. 
They moved all the books of worth into the library and sold a lot of the odds and ends inside the manor to pay for some of the family's debts to the throne. It was good that Gavin had such extravagant tastes. What gold pieces weren't worth selling, they melted down to create more coinage.
The catalog of property owned by the throne grew a great deal after they'd traced the paths of ownership from aliases through other members of the Mirabelle family until they reached Gavin all over the kingdom. He'd been buying buildings and various parcels of lands through other people for years and using them as merchant points to line his pockets for ages. 
"He was an evil man," Adolph said, looking at some of the documents. "But he was very crafty Hats off to my late daughter-in-law for thwarting so many of his plans."
Laurel's lips twitched at the little flutter of happiness and pride that went through her. She hadn't known that all of her refusal to agree or turn over certain contracts over the years had thwarted Gavin's plan to create a remote pack to carry out underhanded activities, but she was glad for it. 
He set a few pages aside, "Let's talk of something else. How are things with the Wiccans?"
"Well," she said. "Eden's latest report seemed happy."
That was an understatement. His words were glowing with joy as he'd been working hard to rebuild the vampire lands and clean things up. They were expecting that the lands would be fertile enough to plant the next spring and had set up an orphanage, hospital, and school in the main citadel modeled after the ones in the werewolf kingdom and the Wiccan Alliance. 
The first chance she got, she wanted to go visit and compare notes.
"I wanted to talk to you about writing them about the blood aura."
Adolph frowned, "What about it?"
"Well Eden called it a curseDoesn't that mean that it can be lifted?"
Adolph winced, thinking back to Eden's words. It was implied, but he hadn't seemed very hopeful about it. Hadn't told Laurel that part of it as he didn't want to worry her. 
He still didn't want to worry her, so he waved it off. 
"Maybe, but it's not posing any danger now. I'm not planning on going to war any time soon, so it should be fine for now"
Something at the back of his mind told him that he was lying though he didn't mean to. He looked down at the sheets of paper and made plans to go speak with his sister about it. At the very least, having someone else to bounce ideas about it that weren't compromised by their physical state would mean he could figure out what could and couldn't be done.
###chapter 164: The Darkness and Blood
A few days after the executions, there was a minor lull in the torrent of things that needed to be done. Laurel threw up her hands and started stripping just after breakfast. 
Adolph chuckled, heading into the bathroom ahead of her to run her a cold bath as she struggled out of her gown. 
"I told you to just wear the simple gowns."
"But it's not queenly!" Laurel huffed and growled. "Stupid ribbons!"
Adolph left the bath to run and returned to save his young wife from her queenly gowns. 
"I'm so young barely anyone takes me seriously even now."
Adolph shook his head and caught her hands before she ripped the ribbons. He kissed her pouting lips and began to work the ribbons free. 
"You caught a treasonous noble and made it possible to clean up the kingdom in one fail swoop. Plenty of people take you seriously," Adolph soothed, undoing the knots and pulling her dress apart. "I certainly take you seriously."
Laurel flushed and worried her lip, stroking a hand over his chest and he licked his lips. 
"Don't tempt me," Adolph said and pulled her gown over her shoulders so it landed in a pool of fabric. "Into the tub."
She pouted and obeyed. 
"I'll call Sarah and Lily to look after you."
She huffed and slipped down into the tub with a little gasp. 
"Fine! Have it your way!"
"As is my right, wife."
He found Sarah and Lily a few minutes later. The two women hurried up to their chambers to look after Laurel. Adolph left her in their care with a kiss on her head and headed down to the training pitch. 
The sun was bright overhead and the sky was clear. It seemed like it was going to be a good day. He hoped there were plenty more after it.
Chasel grinned at him and waved, "Your Majesty, what an honor to have you join us! Care to join us on in the mock battle?"
He grinned. It had been a long time since he'd been in a mock battle. He missed the thrill of it and he was curious about how adept the recruits were. 
"Count me in. Assign me as you please."
Chasel grinned, "Red side, last line."
Adolph snorted at the thought. He supposed it was fitting that he was the last line of defense. The training exercise was a largescale version of an old game. The generals of each side were meant to strategize and ensure that their king was able to escape the battle. It was a simple exercise to prepare for ambushes. 
Adolph was a part of the king's guard, the last line of defense. He picked up a training sword and checked that the edge had been dulled. When he was certain that he wouldn't injure anyone, he went to meet up with his team's general. The young man seemed nervous. They all did, but he didn't look to Adolph to come up with a plan and put forth a very straightforward plan. 
It wasn't a bad plan if a bit inelegant, but the young man seemed young. The exercise seemed geared towards exposing the young recruits to battle strategy. He took his position with the rest of the last line guard and waited for the battle to begin.
The other side attacked with their full force, trying to squeeze Adolph's team into needing more people on the front line. It was working. It seemed as though the offensive team had more experienced warriors and better fighters. 
Chasel watched with a little bit of amusement as Adolph scanned the battle. By now, he should have realized that the teams were unbalanced. As Adolph's frontal defenses started to thin out, he watched Adolph lift his sword and ready himself. They broke through Adolph's team's shield wall and Adolph launched into battle. 
For a while, it seemed fine. He was as swift and as elegant as ever, fighting a clear path to get his "king" towards the safe zone, but the air turned heavy and Chasel narrowed his eyes watching Adolph's movements. 
They grew lethal. The swings of his sword grew sharper as if he was losing himself in a memory. He blocked, parried, and shoved the other teams' soldiers away with more force than was necessary. 
His eyes started to flicker, but before Chasel could call the exercise over, Adolph's "king' reached the safety zone and the horn was blown announcing the end of the exercise. 
Adolph blinked as the darkness cleared from his vision and the sound of the horn filled his ears. He looked down at the young man, curled up on his side, and dropped the training sword in horror. He cast his gaze around nervously and took deep breaths of air, but he smelled no blood. 
There was pain and the scent of the kicked-up earth, but no blood. 
He looked at Chasel who was staring at him with wide, nervous eyes. He flashed him a smile to reassure him even as his blood ran cold. He kneeled beside the young man. 
"Let me get you to the infirmary."
The man grunted, cupping a hand over his ribcage, allowing Adolph to help him inside. The doctor flitted around the injured before declaring them all having severe bruising and maybe a few fractures, but nothing worse than what he'd expected from a mock battle. 
A little flicker of relief went through him, but it was dying out as he left. 
Chasel was waiting for him outside. 
"Your Majesty" Chasel ventured. 
Adolph gave him a tight smile, "I'm going to wash up then go to my office. Thank you for inviting me, it was fun."
Chasel worried his lip, but Adolph didn't stay to reassure him. He headed up the stairs as fast as he could manage and entered his room just as the familiar heat began to burn beneath his skin. He shuddered, trying to keep his thoughts clear as he pulled his shirt over his head. 
Water splashed from within the bathing room and he winced, retreating. He hadn't expected Laurel to either still be in the tub or getting back into the tub. He was losing his mind if he hadn't heard her in their chambers before he'd entered.
Carefully, he escaped the room as sweat began to dampen his hair and he felt his neck burning with fever. He needed to cool down as quickly as possible. He headed down the hallway to the queen's rooms and ducked into the bathroom, activating the tub's spouts to fill it with cold water.
He was glad that it was responding properly. He stripped quickly and got inside, shivering a bit at the chill and forcing himself to take deep calming breaths as the shaking started. 
"Moon, be my light and guidance," he whispered, closing his eyes as memories of blood and battle flittered behind his eyelids. "Give me strength when I have none. Give me serenity Give me peace"
His wolf growled. The darkness and anger were rising, barely restrained by his will and his prayers. 
He'd been so wrong. He thought that it wasn't possible to be losing himself still, let alone in a mock battle. It wasn't a real battle! If he couldn't control himself for a mock battle, who knows what else would set him off? Would an argument be enough? What if he just got angry or frustrated? 
What if he hurt Laurel or their child?
The thought made him queasy and made the tremor in his hand worse.
"Adolph?"
He turned sharply to look at Laurel standing in the doorway in her dressing gown. She came closer. Adolph got out of the tub and went to her, wrapping her in his arms. 
"I'm sorry," he said softly. "I didn't think I didn't think it would be like this. I had no idea."
Laurel stroked his back nervously. His skin was feverish though she could feel how cold the water was. Why was he running so hot?
"What's wrong?"
"The curse," he said, "It's It's worse than I thought."
Laurel listened to him explain what happened calmly, but it didn't let her stay calm. She pulled back and looked up at him. 
"I think we should send a message to Taliesin and go to the temple sooner than we planned."
His eyes widened and before he could ask, she took his hands, "I think you'd feel less on edge if you knew I was somewhere safeAnd maybe the peace of the temple will help."
Adolph blinked and took a deep breath before nodding, "You're right What would I do without you?"
She pouted, playfully, "Use all the cold water."
He laughed, "I doubt that's possible, darling, but I will try my best not to!"
He shook his head and pulled her back into his arms, "Thank you, Laurel."
She nodded into his chest, "Sword and shield, Adolph."
He kissed her head, "Let's have dinner together?"
"Sounds great."
###chapter 165: Visions
Adolph sighed into the open air as the carriages were prepared. Laurel tottered out of the castle towards him and he led her down the steps. She pouted and Adolph knew she was going to protest his care for her again. She was so stubborn lately though it was clear that she couldn't move around the way she was used to.
He had always been under the impression that a pregnant woman would appreciate being doted on and spoiled, but Laurel had always managed to surprise him.
"I am just fine," Laurel said. "I can walk on my own, you know?"
"I let you walk from the stairs to out here on your own," Adolph teased, "From our bed to the bathroom the bathroom to the parlor-"
"Enough," she stuck out her tongue at him. "You're not funny."
"I think you are just not in the mood to find me humorous," Adolph said and pressed a kiss to her temple. "Let's get going, hm?"
She allowed him to help her into the carriage and he climbed in after her. He still wasn't completely used to riding in a carriage after sitting horseback for years, but Laurel had been firm about not wanting to be in the carriage by herself. In her defense, it was easier to agree when he was nervous about agitating his curse. 
He still wasn't sure if it was just agitation and anger, or if sights and smells would set him off. He didn't want to find out the hard way. 
Chasel waved them goodbye with a promise that he would keep things under control. Adolph trusted him implicitly, but he also knew that with Raven, Lily, and Sarah taking over Laurel's duties and the support of his other family members Chasel would be doing a lot less work than he first imagined. 
It was probably another reason that the ministers had worked so hard to make sure that the only people in the castle were those who stood to inherit it. So much direct support would have made their positions unnecessary.
He leaned back considering the way the kingdom had changed. If they could get through the rest of the clean-up, maybe he would feel more at ease. Basil was doing well in his training. Depending on how he felt when he returned, Chasel might be training him to manage other aspects of the country. 
With any luck, that would go well and the kingdom would reach a state of peace. 
Chasel might accidentally find some time to find a mate of his own if that happened. He chuckled at the thought. Chasel had been at his side for so long, it would be a bit strange for him not to be, but if there was any man he knew who deserved happiness, it was Chasel. 
He looked back over to Laurel and found her already curled up against the window sleeping. He smiled at how at ease she seemed, leaning against the carriage's wall. He pulled off his cloak and draped it over her before going back to watching the scenery going past. 
They arrived at the temple within a few hours. By then, Laurel was stirring and blinking at him. 
"Had a good nap?"
Laurel blinked at him and smiled, "You didn't sleep at all?"
He hadn't been sleeping much lately. She worried that it was a part of the curse or making it worse. He grinned at her. His eyes were alert but they were tired. A bit of his age was showing on his face and it made her heart clench in terror.
"No. It's funny since I've fallen asleep on horses."
Laurel winced, "How dangerous!"
Adolph chuckled, "Well, I was much younger then."
Laurel sighed as the carriage came to a stop, "I hope our child isn't so reckless."
He grinned, "I hope she has your eyes."
Laurel looked at him, "You want a daughter?"
Adolph shrugged, "I'd be happy either way. I'd want him to have your eyes too. The Raymond blue is boring."
She laughed, "I'm pretty sure there are plenty of people who would disagree."
Adolph climbed out of the carriage and helped her out. Just as before, they changed clothes in the entry building, except Laurel needed help out of her dress. 
When she finally got into the temple robes she sighed. 
"I was all of my gowns to be made out of this."
Adolph laughed as he tied the sash around his waist, "I could ask, but it's unlikely to happen, and as soon as the baby is here, you'll think differently."
Laurel sighed, turning and playing with the fabric, "That's fair I doubt they could make a corset out of this."
He snorted, "Among other things."
They greeted the head priestess before getting settled. He'd always felt calmer while in the temple, but this was the first time that the peace of the temple felt almost heavy. 
He could barely keep his eyes open, stumbling through the temple halls during the arrival procedures. The peace and tranquility felt so heavy, he wasn't sure how he made it through eating dinner, but soon after that, they retired to their room and Adolph fell into bed with barely a murmur of goodnight to Laurel.

Laurel opened her eyes to a dark sky filled with stars. It was a scene she remembered seeing and never wanted to see again. 
"No!" She cried, sitting up. The moon goddess chuckled from beside her. 
"Ease your heart. You are not dead. You are simply communing with me while in my temple. It is much easier to speak with you here."
She nodded a few feet away to an area of grass where Adolph lay sleeping in the moonlight, peaceful and motionless. 
"You did well to bring him here, Laurel," she said. "I can help for a while yet, but it is not a fix."
"Is this about the curse?"
She nodded, her expression turned grave, "I am not all-powerful, nor omnipotent, but I see a great deal. The curse he is under is far harder than you think it will be to lift"
"What do I do?" Laurel asked, "Would Taliesin or Eden be able to help?"
"There are people in Taliesin's fold that will be able to help one. He will send her to you if you only ask, but that isn't what is important."
Laurel frowned, "Then what is?"
"The blood aura is not a curse by itself, but a symptom," she said. "Of course, wolves who had seen as much war as your husband has will have a blood aura, but his is also a part of a true curse. It will drive him insane until he dies, Laurel, if you do not lift it."
"That's why I'm asking how!" Laurel huffed, "This isn't the time to be cryptic!"
She chuckled, "It will dangerous."
"So what?"
"You will also need Basil."
Laurel drew up short, frowning at her, "What does that mean? What are you saying?"
Basil would never curse his father. He wouldn't have the chance or resent him enough to do so. Basil was an idiot and selfish, but he wasn't fool enough to think he was ready for the throne. 
No, she was saying something else. 
"Gavin?" She ventured, "But"
She closed her mouth meeting the goddess' gaze as horror and fear took over her. The scent of blood twined with cedar and roses.
Olivia's favorite flower had been roses. She had proclaimed loudly that she had loved him, but had it been true love or an obsession? What lengths would she go to try and secure his love?
"Olivia?" Laurel asked.
She nodded and gestured to a basin of water nearby, "I'm showing you this so you know where to look and you can understand."
Laurel leaned over the basin and peered down into the basin. 
Olivia was alone in the room, holding a squirming bundle. She was sweaty, her eyes were overflowing with tears. 
*"You'll carry all my hopes won't you, little one?* *You'll make sure he joins me the way he should"* She sniffled, *"If he loves the battlefield so much, let it drive him mad.* *May every drop of blood wash away his sanity until he is lost."*
The air around her seemed to shimmer and grow dark, a large spectral ghost drifted around her. Her eyes glinted gold and Laurel gasped in terror. 
*"Then Then we'll be together forever"*
The baby squirmed and cried out as the dark spirit slipped into him. The door opened out of the view of the pool. 
*"Luna Olivia!"*
A younger Tina rushed towards the bed and took the baby from her arms. Olivia leaned into her, giving her a small vial. 
*"Promise me, Tina.* *Promise that you won't serve another queen so long as Adolph is on the throne."*
*"I promise.* 8Just hold on-the doctor-"*
Olivia let out a soft gasp and relaxed back into the bed, staring out into nothing.
###chapter 166: Cursed Last Moments
Laurel woke up, frozen in terror in bed. The last time she'd had a vision of the moon goddess, she'd been pushed off a cliff. She wasn't sure if hearing that her husband's late wife put a curse on him was better or worse. 
How bad was the curse now? How much longer did they have? Could she break it? If she couldn't, what would happen to him?
Her stomach turned as she turned over to see Adolph sleeping peacefully beside her. The days of his insomnia seemed to have caught up with him all at once. The strain of the days seemed to be gone now as he slept.
His scent was just as bloody and lovely as ever, but that blood that she had once found just a bit sexy seemed tainted with danger now. It wasn't just the scent of someone who had seen a great deal of war, but it was affecting his mind. 
An alpha werewolf like Adolph could be dangerous if they lost control of their strength. She knew that Adolph was much stronger than the average wolf. Was it anything like going rogue? Would it kill him?
How long did he have before the curse was fatal? What would happen to their bond? To the kingdom? 
She pressed a kiss to his cheek and slipped from the bed as quietly as possible. He murmured, turned, and grabbed her pillow, bringing it up against his chest with a contented growl. 
*"Laurel"* he murmured, turning his face into it. 
It was adorable, she almost laughed, but the fear that one day he wouldn't even recognize her pushed her to move.
She left the room with just a wrap of cloth around her shoulders until she reached the end of the hall and could pace in peace. How had Olivia managed to use magic, let alone cast a curse? Was that something that all Mirabelles could do or something she learned? 
What was her goal other than to drive Adolph insane? What was that specter that went into Basil? It had to have something to do with the curse. Did Basil know? What did she mean?
*Then Then we'll be together forever.*
"She was crazy," Laurel gasped, shaking her head. 
Adolph was a beautiful man, but she had never imagined that he could drive someone insane enough to curse him! And what did she mean that Basil would carry all of her hopes?
She doubted that Basil knew that Olivia had used him to cast a curse on his father, but it was obvious that she had to get him back to the capital to find out what he did know. 
There had to be some sort of answers somewhere in the temple or with the Wiccans. She walked down the hall to the spiraling library and started looking. Anxiety clawed at her as she searched the bookshelves, ignoring the growing pain in her lower back and her feet. She wasn't supposed to be stressing herself out, but what else was she supposed to do with this news?
She didn't think that there was going to be a book called *How to Undo a Dead Woman's Curse*,  but she hoped for at least one book on curses or the blood aura. From what she knew about blood auras, they were caused when werewolves killed a lot of people, so she searched for documents on war. 
The temples had a lot of books recording the battles between packs and how the kingdom came to be, but none of them mentioned blood curses. She went through the books on magic next and there was only a small section in the book about curses. 
*The power of a curse comes from three things:* *the emotions of the curse-layer, the inherent power of the curse-layer, and the susceptibility of the victim.* *Werewolves are not susceptible to curses.*
She growled, "Obviously, you're *wrong*." 
She shoved the book back on the shelf and kept looking, hoping that there was something else somewhere in the library. Even if there was some kernel of truth in the passage, it wasn't helpful. She needed to know how to break the curse not how to lay one.
Besides, the loophole was obvious. A werewolf might be susceptible to most curses, but anything that was based on a werewolf's instincts or something integral to their survival was a weak point. 
It made sense that she had cursed him so that it would get worse with every battle. He was an alpha werewolf and a king. It was in his nature to fight and defend his territory. 
"Laurel?"
She stopped, hearing Adolph's voice, standing at the end of the aisle. His eyes glowed red in the darkness, but he didn't seem upset. He didn't even seem alert, barely awake as if he had been pulled from sleep by a vague feeling. 
How long had he been awake? Had he grown somewhat agitated while searching for her? Why hadn't he just called for her through their bond?
 Knowing what she knew now, she could almost feel the curse at the edges of his mind, irritating him and eroding his sanity. Was it doing something to their bond too?
"What's wrong?"
She took a deep breath trying to calm herself and approached him. If she wasn't calm, then he wouldn't keep calm. If this was all she could do for him, she had to do it. She wrapped her arms around him and felt the tension ease in his body and mind. Her scent and closeness seemed to be helping. That was good. 
Maybe she should try and get frisky with him. Would that help? 
"you've had a vision?" Adolph asked into her hair. "Did the goddess call you?"
Laurel nodded shakily. 
"So did I."
Laurel squeezed him tighter, "About what?"
"it was about Olivia." Laurel tensed; she couldn't help herself. She held her breath waiting for him to tell her more. "Her last momentsWhen she gave the poison to Tina What she said over Basil She seemed sad and angry. I could only guess she was speaking of me."
"What did she say?"
"That Basil would carry all of her hopes and that she hoped I was lost in all the blood of the border." He sighed, "I realize she was lonely, but I never imagined that she would carry such resentment towards me if it was a vision and not just a nightmare."
He pulled back and looked down at her, "I've never dreamed of her before, so it is odd. Though it's probably just my fear about your life with the baby coming."
Laurel looked up at him, her eyes burning with tears. She thought his instincts would have told him that it was a vision, not some nightmare. Was the curse affecting that too or was he just not sure? 
She thought of him sleeping in the moon goddess' plane. Would the moon goddess call him to stay there if he lost his mind?
Would she rather keep him there asleep forever than let her beloved black wolf lose his mind? 
What about her? What was she supposed to do if that happened? If one day, he simply went to sleep and never woke up?
Tears slipped down her cheeks. He froze.
"What's wrong, Laurel? Why are you crying?"
Could she tell him now? Would he think she was crazy? Would it just agitate him more?
"Nothing," Laurel said. "Let's Let's go back to bed."
He narrowed his eyes at her, searching her gaze. 
"You're hiding something from me"
"I I can't talk about it right now Please, let's just go back to bed."
He hesitated, "We will talk about this, won't we?"
She nodded and he sighed, taking her hand and wrapping a hand around her waist to lead her back to their room. The temple felt cold. She was almost shivering as her mind continued to spiral. 
There was a story about an alpha of a pack who had gone to sleep and never woke up. He hadn't died. He just remained in a deep sleep for years. His body deteriorated slowly and his family had no way to wake him or make sense of what happened. His luna sat at her alpha's bedside every day. When their pack was attacked, the raiders found her clinging to his body and slipping into death after drinking poison. Their children had escaped, but she wouldn't leave her husband.
Had that king been cursed too? Would she be the same as the queen in that story sitting by Adolph's bedside? 
Adolph pulled back the blankets and ushered her into the bed. He pulled her close, snuggling up to her with a little growl of contentment. He fell back asleep relatively quickly, but Laurel remained awake staring at the ceiling. 
She had to figure out whatever she could about the curse and the blood aura. She had to contact Taliesin for help. 
She had to save him somehow.
###chapter 167: Forgiveness
Taliesin sent the message off with a heavy heart. While his judgment was sound and he knew he wasn't wrong, the likelihood that it would all go to plan was slim. Curses laid by the dying or the dead were harder to get rid of than living curses and he was not an expert in such dark magics. He had no affinity for creating or breaking them. His late brother and twin, Merlin, had no such limitations, but he had gone into Eternal Repose after his wife, Viviane, had been killed in the war against Morrigan. 
Merlin could not help them.
Taliesin couldn't blame him. The war had taken so much from all of them and raising the barrier had taxed them both greatly. There was little hope that he would ever wake up, and Taliesin had accepted that centuries ago, focusing on raising Merlin's daughter as if she were his.
"Nimue?" Taliesin called as he returned to the meeting hall. She was seated on the old stone bench, looking up through the canopy of the ancient oak trees that were always in bloom. 
His precious niece looked up at him with his brother's eyes and her mother's smile. There was a nervous light in her eyes that set his stomach to turn nervously. That look could only mean trouble. Eden had a similar look on his face when he'd left, and Nimue had been acting strangely ever since she'd come back from the werewolf's border camp. 
Had something happened? Had she'd encountered the person in her death-vision? She had never told him about her death-vision, preferring to keep it to herself after hearing about Eden's. Had he been wrong all this time in not asking about it?
"Why are you so nervous, little one?"
She stood and met his gaze, "I I have doubts Troubles, but they aren't important right now. You called for me?"
He sighed. Moon, Sun, and Earth save him from these troublesome descendants with their pride and their need to worry him. 
"I swear, you and Eden will be the death of me." Taliesin huffed, "Will you please spare my heart the stress and just tell me what is wrong?"
She laughed, "Doubtful. You will outlive the earth and the sky, old man."
Taliesin sighed and walked with her, "I am going to ask a favor of you, but I want you to consider it carefully."
She narrowed her eyes, "What is it?"
"King Adolph is suffering from the curse of the blood aura."
Her eyes widened. 
"But, it is not one simply born of war. It is a true curse. They are unsure of who laid the curse and when as of our last message, but breaking it is the only option."
"How bad is it?" She asked, her eyes growing glossy and her expression turning tense. "How long does he have?"
"I cannot say I want to send you with the prince's escort given your talent with curses."
She laughed, "What a nice way to say it."
Nimue had been born with a profound gift: commune with the afterlife. Merlin had some talent with the spirits of the dead, but Nimue's bordered on priesthood in her ability to evoke judgment from the abyss. As with all things in nature, that connection with death was balanced with her extraordinary healing abilities. 
Taliesin chuckled, "It is a talent, dear one. Never think otherwise."
She nodded, "I will go."
"Nimue-"
"I have my reasons for going," she said, looking down. "I will return to their border camp and meet Basil's escort there."
Taliesin eyed her, curious about the feeling he was getting from her. She turned and bade him goodbye before he could ask, leaving him staring after her.
Was it possible? 
He wouldn't put it past Nimue to be chosen in the way that Crystal had been to be the path to connect the throne of the sun with the throne of the full moon, but who? Did she know? Was there hope that it would work out? Perhaps she'd been given another vision. 
It certainly seemed that she had an inkling of something ahead. 
He looked out the window and sighed, "Moon, Sun, and Earth help me deal with these troublesome youngsters and their fates."
He almost heard his brother laughing in the wind at his prayer, and it gave him no comfort. 

Nimue changed from her long flowing robes into her traveling breeches, tunic, and hooded vest. She placed her staff on her back, a sword on her hip, a dagger in her boot, and packed her bag as quickly as she managed. 
Within the hour, her hood was drawn, she packed, and she had mounted her horse to head back to the border camp to see Basil.
She scoffed, pushing that thought away. She was going to meet Basil and his escort before heading to the capital city. She was going as an ambassador to aid them. That was all. 
She turned her horse towards the barrier and nudged him into a run. She didn't have time to think about why it made no sense to get her hopes up. 
She wondered if Crystal had decided to give up before her heart had been broken how different the Wiccan Alliance would be. If she had fought for the man she thought herself destined for, would Morrigan's rise have been possible? Perhaps her parents would still be here and not a faint memory. 
Maybe Eden would have been raised as a full-Wiccan instead of always feeling like an outsider. 
It didn't matter in the long run. She was not Crystal. She had no intention of languishing for want of anyone, not even her fated match. 
Where werewolves had mates, Wiccans had fated pairs or matches. It was the same principle as a mate but based on a Wiccan's magical instincts. The magical connection that came with meeting your fated match wasn't something that could be faked and everyone was taught from a young age to trust their magical instincts above all things. 
She trusted her instincts, but the young man who set her magic bubbling and sparking beneath her skin was impossible. He was handsome enough, she supposed. She had never considered herself interested in blondes, and he was so much younger than her! 
He was a baby in Wiccan years. Sure, he was a werewolf and within their separate species they were of comparable age, but still!
The spirits could truly be cruel.
When she arrived at the camp, she was greeted by the guards who seemed to be in the middle of changing their shifts. 
"Halt!" one of them cried out as she slowed to a stop. "Who are you and what is your purpose?"
"I am here by request of Taliesin to accompany the prince's escort to the capital city."
The guards gasped and stood aside, "Of course! Our apologies, Miss Sorceress."
She chuckled and dismounted, walking her horse into camp. Werewolves, at large, seemed so spooked by her. She wondered if she simply smelled different to them. 
She walked towards the edge of camp to set up for the night when she felt his presence growing closer. 
She turned and found Basil approaching her, seemingly upset as he walked towards her. She braced herself for the conversation as her magic was sparkling beneath her skin. 
Sun, help her. 
"Prince Basil, good evening."
Basil stopped nearby. His eyes glowing in the night as his nostrils flared and he took a deep breath. 
"Why are you here?"
She turned from him and stroked her horse's mane, "My uncle sent me to help."
"Help?"
She looked at him, "Yes are you not aware?"
Basil turned from her, "I've been summoned by my father to return to the capital city, but I don't know why"
His eyes hardened as he looked at her, "Whatever it is It has to be dire to have called you to come with me-I mean, *us*."
A little flutter of happiness went through her, but she didn't correct him. She had come because it had concerned his father. It was stupid and bound to lead her somewhere she didn't need to be, but she couldn't help herself. 
Her damned magical instincts were clear that he was it, even if she didn't want to like it. 
"I I don't know what will happen when we get there," Basil said. "But thank you for coming to help us."
He turned as a flush began to spread over his cheeks, "We're heading out early. You should get some rest Lady Nimue."
"Nimue," she corrected, swallowing her nerves. "No need to be so formal, Your Highness."
"Basil," he said softly. " call me Basil, Nimue."
She curled her toes in her boots and smothered the sound that wanted to escape her as her stomach flipped at the sound of her name on his lips. 
"Basil then."
He took in a sharp breath, took a step towards her then turned stiffly. 
"G-Good night, Nimue."
"Good night," she said softly as he walked away.
###chapter 168: Lady Nimue
Basil had tried to keep his mind focused on the path ahead the next morning, no matter how Nimue's scent had seemed to take over his senses and make him dizzy with need and desire. She smelled like fresh blooming flowers, fresh earth, and a hint of fresh sweet bread. It was a distracting, comforting, and maddening scent. 
His wolf growled in contentment and want whenever she grew near, so he took to riding further ahead to try and keep his mind clear. 
*I hate you*, his wolf huffed and growled. *You and your stupid pride and fear and*
*Not now*, Basil thought, stubbornly. *Focus on getting back to the capital, okay?*
He huffed, *And your need for distraction instead of facing the truth*
Basil sighed, tuning out his wolf's whining. This wasn't the time for thinking about such things. Adolph and Laurel were supposed to be staying at the temple until the baby was born. There was no reason they should have called him back unless the baby was early or something had happened to his father. 
Had there been another attack? Some plan that Gavin had tucked away somewhere Basil hadn't known about?
They rode south to the capital at full speed and arrived a full day earlier than they should have. His horse had not come to a stop before he had leaped off of it and rushed into the castle. His heart clenched in terror as climbed the steps. 
Maybe it hadn't been Laurel that had called him back this time. Maybe it was his father?
There were only a handful of reasons that his father would call him back to the capital: a funeral, a coronation, or something to do with the Mirabelle estate. He hadn't wanted anything to do with the Mirabelle estate, and Adolph knew that so who was dead or who was being coronated?
Why had he called for a Wiccan to come with him? Why did it have to be Nimue of all people? She was a healer. Was someone sick?
Was it Laurel?
His heart was racing with fear. How did his father deal with uncertainty and run the kingdom with such a sense of calm? He remembered when he married Laura that he'd thought he was ready to take on the throne. He'd thought so highly of himself then, but that was gone now. He knew he wasn't ready to take his father's place. He didn't have the calm for it. He wasn't half the man his father was but he was at least trying to find the man he could be. 
He knew he wasn't ready to lose Adolph when they had only just started to build a relationship. It couldn't be about his father, but Basil couldn't think of anything else. 
When he entered the throne room, he found no one. He left the room, searching for Chasel who looked sleepless and a bit disheveled. 
"Chasel!" Basil said, coming to him, "Where is my father?"
"Prince Basil? How did you get here so quickly?" Chasel asked, "I thought-"
"That doesn't matter," Basil said, "Tell me, where my father is and what's going on."
Chasel looked troubled before he gave him a weak smile, "The Wiccan representative. Are they with you?"
"Nimue Emrys," Nimue's voice drifted from behind him. "At your service."
Chasel looked behind Basil and his eyes widened seeing her. She didn't look at all like the Wiccans who had come before, dressed in breeches and armed with a sword. Her eyes were a flickering amber and blue. Her hair was dark and curly, tied up on her head, and her skin tone made it seem like she spent a lot of time in the sun, like toasted caramel. 
He'd certainly never seen anyone like her. He lifted an eyebrow at her, intrigued. Basil growled at him, low and throaty, and Chasel's gaze jumped back to him. 
Basil backed up, eyes wide and his cheeks flushed. Chasel looked between the two of them. 
"I just My father, Chasel."
Chasel nodded and nodded down the hallway to lead them to the parlor where Adolph, Laurel, and the family were eating lunch. Basil had tried to cover it up with concern for his father, but Chasel was far more in touch with his wolf than Basil was. That growl hadn't been of anger. It was one of possession. 
Basil had some interest in the sword-toting Wiccan, and he couldn't blame him. After Laura, who he heard was quite the beauty, then Delia, his heart was all over the place and a strong woman was always appealing. 
The Wiccan woman carried herself with grace and confidence though she seemed to be no older than Basil. 
He wondered if Adolph would be amused by his son's budding interest in a Wiccan woman. He would at least find it interesting he was sure of that.
Chasel knocked on the door and opened it, ushering Basil and Nimue inside. 
"Thank you, Chasel," Adolph said with a sigh. "I am impressed you got here so early."
Adolph looked at Basil then Nimue with a flicker of recognition. He hadn't met her before, but she bore a bit of a resemblance to Eden. 
"Are you related to Taliesin, young woman?"
Her lips trembled into a smile, "I am older than you. Hardly, young."
Basil's face turned red and his eyes widened.
Adolph grinned at her, "Of that, I have no doubt."
"To answer your question, he's my uncle"
Adolph couldn't help but be a bit shocked. He would have guessed Taliesin's daughter or something. She let her eyes roam over him silently and let her gaze drift to Basil. Apprehension filled him. Why was she looking at them like that?
"Upon seeing you I can see why he sent me," she said, "And why Eden was so concerned."
"Eden?" Adolph asked. 
She nodded and looked at Laurel who worried her lips, looking between the two of them. 
Nimue had seen a lot of cursed people in her life. There were so many kinds of curses, most of them had been very small curses. The few large ones she'd encountered were generational. 
Adolph's was vicious, feeding on his blessings and eroding his soul. The darkness swirling around him was heady and cloying. 
With Basil in the room, that darkness seemed to grow darker and thicker around him. 
This wasn't going to be an easy conversation. 
"My uncle sent me because I am blessed, you could say," Nimue said tightly. "Before we speak further, it would be best to make sure that everyone who needs to know the basics of the situation is aware."
Adolph looked at Basil and nodded, "Chasel, please guard the door."
Chasel nodded and left before closing the door behind him. Nimue looked around the room and smiled. It was a very secure parlor though she wasn't sure if Adolph knew that or had some instinct about it. The walls were thick and there was just the barest hint of protection carved into the walls beneath the decorations.
"Basil," Adolph began, "I need to know if your grandfather ever mentioned anything about curses."
Laurel stared at Nimue across the room, wide-eyed and nervous. Nimue smiled at her. There was a death aura around her, a gentle almost negligent stream of it that Nimue usually associated with someone who had crossed over into death or had been reborn. 
She could see the white wolf seated in her soul as noble and graceful as could be expected.
"Luna Laurel," Nimue said, "I would be happy to speak with you in private while they speak."
Laurel shot to her feet as Adolph looked at Laurel suspiciously. Basil looked at Nimue in shock. 
"We'll be back," Laurel said, rounding the table and coming towards her. "I just have one question."
"Wait," Adolph said, "If it is about the curse, then I need to know."
Laurel looked at Adolph then to Nimue, "But I don't know if"
"If you are concerned about Prince Basil, he will need to know."
Basil frowned, "What do you mean?"
Adolph sighed, "Laurel why do I get the feeling that there is more that you didn't tell me about your vision?"
Basil's eyes widened, "I've never heard anything about a curse And I thought only your mother as luna would ever be called... He said it's why my mother was never called."
Laurel threw up her hands, "Olivia was never called because she was a spiteful, obsessed woman!"
Laurel grimaced as the words came out of her mouth. She slapped a hand over her mouth as Adolph's eyes widened. Basil stood. 
"You can't-"
"Laurel, what is it that you know?"
Her shoulders slumped, "The moon goddess showed me Olivia's death She cursed you, Adolph."
Adolph turned pale and Basil's face turned red, "You're lying! My mother would never!"
He looked at Nimue, "Tell them that's not possible."
Nimue gave him a tense smile. This wasn't what she expected to happen, but refuting it would only make things worse. 
"Werewolves, in general, don't have enough power on their own to lay a curse especially not one like this. From what I can see, Luna Laurel is right."
Basil's eyes widened, his jaw dropped, then he turned and escaped the room.
###chapter 169: Mates and Fated Pairs
Adolph watched Basil leave. Nimue winced.
"I would like a moment to speak with my wife," Adolph said slowly. 
Nimue nodded, "I'll go after him."
She left wincing. That had been a fucking disaster if she'd ever seen one. As she exited the room, she followed the trembling confusion, fear, and anger down the hall and around the corner. The thing about magical compatibility between fated matches was that it worked like a homing beacon. She found him in a parlor sitting on the couch with his head in his hand. 
He lifted his head and shot to his feet as she entered. 
"You-You can't just say things like that!" Basil said, "You can't just accuse her if you-You're a healer! How would you know something like that anyway?"
Nimue watched him, his shoulders heaving as he held himself still. 
"I am a healer," she said. "But I am not just a healer. Sit down and calm yourself."
"Look me in the eye and tell me the truth," Basil said, glaring at her. "Tell me you know for sure my mother did it. Tell me what the hell is going on! Werewolves can't use magic!"
A glint of light shot up his shoulder and she sighed. A shimmering shadow leaned out of the window with a teasing smile, dressed in old Wiccan robes. The woman wiggled her eyebrows and vanished as Nimue crossed the room to sit. 
"Sit."
He flopped on the couch beside her and leaned forward with his head in his hands. 
"As I said, werewolves, in general, don't have the power, but you're not a usual werewolf and neither was your mother."
If she had to guess, the spirit who had leaned into the room had been Crystal or one of her descendants. It was likely that there was a werewolf mage in Basil's mother's lines or even in his father's considering the blessings that were wrapped around Adolph. 
"Laying certain kinds of curses takes more energy than others," she eyed him. "Do you remember what I said the first time I healed you?"
Basil grimaced, "You scared me."
She'd told him that there was a thread of death in his aura. He'd gone pale thinking that meant his injury was fatal or wouldn't heal, but it was just a cracked rib. She hadn't had to heal him. He was an alpha werewolf and would heal within a few hours without aid.
"A thread of death only happens a few ways, you had a run-in with death, which I don't think you did. You were reborn, which again, probably not-"
"People can be reborn?" Basil asked, his eyes widening. 
"Yes," she said. "It's more common than you would think."
Basil's lips twitched into a wry smile, "At least I'm not crazy."
He leaned back, "And what is the reason for my thread of death?"
"Curses," Nimue said. "Most specifically, death curses or curses powered by deaths."
Basil frowned, "My mother died in childbirth."
"An otherwise healthy young werewolf with the best care the throne of the moon could afford just happened to die during childbirth?"
Basil flinched, "Why would Laurel say that?"
"Because she was called. The white wolf is special as is the black wolf Blessed by the moon, of course."
Basil turned to look at her and held her gaze. His wolf growled. Nimue watched his eyes and the wolf seated in his soul staring at her. 
She smirked and reached out, placing a hand on his chest. 
Basil shuddered and let out a moan as she drew her hand over the wolf's head and hummed. The wolf growled with contentment. The rush of his pleasure at being acknowledged and petted washed through her riling up her magic. She swallowed the sound that wanted to escape and refused to squirm at the pleasure rushing through her.
It had been a stupid idea, but she couldn't help it. She was out of her depths encountering her fated match and she was too old to bother beating around the bush about it. He could be young and struggling with his issues, but she didn't have to let that affect her.
"You're not subtle," Nimue said wryly. "You've been staring at me and practically drooling for weeks. Though this prince you've chosen is troublesome."
*I know.* *I hate him.* *Worst mistake of my existence.*
Nimue laughed as Basil's eyes widened, "You You can hear him?"
Nimue nodded and pulled back, "Part of that not just a healer thing. What did you do to him?"
Basil stared at her in shock as she tried to keep her heart calm. He turned and winced. 
"It's complicated."
Nimue nodded and sat back, "Well, you can tell me about it or we can go back to talking about your mother and father."
He glowered at her, "Are you always like this?"
She grinned, "I'm too old to fawn over you, Basil."
He shuddered, drawing up his shoulders as he let out a shuddering breath. She felt almost guilty using her magic this way, but putting a little magic in his name wasn't playing dirty. It was pretty typical among Wiccans to do it when attempting to seduce a bed partner. 
He was her fated and it didn't do anything more than give him a feel for her magic. 
She bet it felt like she'd reached into his pants and squeezed.
He was her fated match whether he or she liked it or not. She almost felt bad for him. She had centuries of experience under her belt and he was twenty-something. It would be a while before he could keep up with her, but at least, he was young enough to have the stamina to give it a good go. 
*Best start early, I suppose.*
"Please don't" he shook his head, "That was What did you do?"
"Nothing much. You just felt how magically compatible we are."
"Compatible?"
"I'm your mate," she shrugged. "You're my fated match. Not hard to put that together."
Basil sputtered, "You--I'm not We're not!"
Nimue smirked, licking her lips and feeling a bit devious, "Oh? We're not?"
"No!" Basil scowled, "You're--You're not a werewolf!"
She reached for the tie of her hair and tugged it loose from the bun she'd tied it in, shaking it out and pretending not to notice the hunger in his eyes. His wolf stared at her raptly and was probably tormenting Basil to no end. 
She liked his wolf. He was rather level-headed. He felt old. Maybe he was the same wolf spirit as Crystal's lover, maybe not. 
She hoped not.
"What does that have to do with being your mate?" She twirled a curly lock around her finger and crossed her legs. 
Basil's gaze dropped to her legs before jumping back up to her face. 
"Everything."
"Does it?" She asked leaning towards him, "Or would it be easier if it did?"
Basil turned bright red as she slid a hand up his chest, "I assure you being with a Wiccan is nothing like being with a werewolf in the best of ways." 

Adolph looked at Laurel as she fidgeted. He stood and went to her.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it was just" She huffed. "I'm scared, Adolph. I've been trying to keep calm, but I can't and Having Nimue here to say the same thing that I've realized and the goddess said is only making it more real, and I-"
Adolph pressed his lips to hers, stopping her from saying anything more. 
When he pulled back, he wiped her tears. 
"Not the best way to break the news to Basil or me, but I'm not upset." Adolph smiled at her, "Let's just try and focus on the path forward."
Laurel nodded, "Right. Of course."
"Shall we go search for my son and the hardly-young woman?"
She laughed and nodded. They exited the room as a guard came up to them. 
"Your Majesty, there are some documents that we need you to look over"
Laurel smiled and looked up at him, "Go on. I'll find your son. We'll meet back in the parlor."
He nodded, kissed her cheek, and went off with the guard. 
She walked down the hall, following her nose in the direction that Nimue went. As she grew closer, she heard Basil's voice. 
"Nimue" he gasped. Laurel heard a little laugh as she pushed the slightly open door open and stopped, barely keeping herself from grinning at the scene. 
Basil's shirt was open. He was sprawled on the floor with Nimue seated on his hips. His eyes were dazed and his face was flushed. Nimue smirked down at him, looking pleased with herself before looking up at her. 
"Luna Laurel, I assume we can return to continue the conversation?"
Basil froze and his eyes grew wide.
Laurel nodded, "You should pull yourself together though."
Basil slapped a hand over his face as Nimue stood gracefully and winked down at Basil. 
"We'll see you back in the parlor."
Laurel snickered a bit and didn't say anything as they headed back to their parlor. 
###chapter 170: Olivia
Laurel didn't expect Basil to come quickly, so when the door closed, she was grateful that Nimue made herself a cup of tea and smiled at her. 
"You were once someone else," Nimue said. "I am glad that the moon saw fit to bring the white wolf back to us."
Laurel blinked and sat across from her, "You're not much like Eden."
Nimue chuckled, "Eden and I have different gifts He is what we would call an elemental Wiccan. Lightning strikes, fire, flashy shows of power that most associate with real magic. I'm a spiritual mage."
Laurel blinked and made herself a cup of tea, "What does that mean?"
"It means I have a connection to the living and the dead. Hence, I know the body you're in right now is one you were reborn into. I can only guess how you died, but I assume that Basil knew you in your past life."
Laurel winced, "This isn't how I expected this conversation to go."
Nimue shrugged, "You make plans and the spirits laugh, but I'm not concerned about your aura. It's more than healthy and that boy you're carrying is going to be a force to be reckoned with."
Laurel's jaw dropped, "You can tell?"
Nimue grinned, "Unborn children are on the threshold. I like to check on them."
Laurel smiled, stroking her stomach, "Well thank you."
Nimue nodded, "About your husband's curse"
Laurel winced, "You're rather forward, aren't you?"
"Would you rather us pretend to small talk when the worry is eating you alive?"
Laurel shook her head, "No."
"I think the curse can be lifted, but there is a choice that has to be made and only Basil and your husband can make it." She shook her head, "Usually, I wouldn't let two men have the final say, but it is a matter of their bloodline. Your husband may be capable of making fantastic decisions, but Basil will need some coercing He's terrified."
Laurel nodded, "Terrified of you?"
"Me. His future. Disappointing his father Not having a large enough cock and anything else a young man of his age, station, and background would worry about."
Laurel burst into laughter as the door opened and Basil walked in. His clothes were back in place and he closed the door quietly behind him before taking a seat in one of the chairs. 
Nimue almost rolled her eyes, "She saw me, hardly the time to be timid."
Basil cleared his throat, "As I said, it's complicated."
Nimue chuckled, "Sure. We were about to speak about your father and the choices you two have to make."
"Choices?" Basil asked.
"Your mother laid this curse, using her life as the spark and your life as the kindling to keep it going. The most peaceful way to break it would be to summon her and have her forgive him for whatever wrong has transpired between them."
"Summon her?" Basil choked, "Like bring her here?"
"Did she die in this castle?"
"Yes," Basil said tightly.
She nodded, "Then, yes. At least on the castle grounds the temple would probably be the best space."
"You can do that?" Laurel asked. 
Nimue nodded, "Seances are fairly easy. She's somewhat bound here until the curse is complete anyway, so it will be even easier."
Basil winced, fiddling with his teacup. When he was a child, all he'd wanted was to meet his mother, but so many things had transpired. Would she understand his stance about Gavin's betrayal? Was she also aware of the plot and a part of it? What about this situation with Nimue?
His wolf was adamant that they were mates. He wasn't sure what actual power she could wield against him, but he had felt unable to resist her when she'd started to undress him. 
It had been a long time since he'd had sex, but he didn't remember being that helpless to the slightest touch. 
*We're mates and you're dumb.*
He huffed at his wolf's commentary. 
"I could use Basil as a conduit to give her a bit more corporeality," Nimue said, "Though, in some ways, he is already a conduit due to the way she formulated the curse."
"I don't think-"
"Basil," Laurel cut in. Basil lifted his head. "Your father will only get worse if we do nothing."
Basil flinched and he clenched his hands as the door opened and Adolph entered. Basil looked at him, taking in his stature and imagining the worse. Would it kill him? Simply rot him from the inside until he didn't recognize him or anything or would it strike like lightning one day?
Either way, Basil couldn't live with thinking he'd done nothing and he couldn't go on worrying about it without knowing for certain.
"what do I have to do?"

Adolph was at a loss for words as they walked to the temple. He felt on edge. This wasn't how things were meant to go, but Laurel had been adamant that they get this over with before the baby arrived for the sake of their future. 
The baby was due in just a few days. Laurel could go into labor at any time and that thought alone was driving him crazy, but he held his peace and followed Laurel's wishes. 
He wished he'd said no now that he knew that it would involve another ritual, using Basil as a conduit, talking to Olivia, and who knew what else. His sister met them in front of the steps, dressed in full temple garb and looking a bit worried. 
"I've made sure everything was ready," she said. "Just be careful. We'll be on standby in case the luna goes into labor."
Adolph nodded and looked back at Basil who stared ahead with a brave expression. Adolph chuckled and clapped him on his shoulder. 
"You worry too much."
Basil's eyes glimmered and he looked away without speaking. They entered and Nimue surveyed the space before nodding. She pulled her staff from her back and stood at the altar. 
"Luna Laurel, stand back from the altar." He gestured to a corner behind the altar. "Basil, Your Majesty, stand on either side of the altar."
Adolph stood on one side and looked across it at his son who seemed to be trembling with anxiety. 
Laurel stood off to the side behind Adolph, clasping her hands together and hoping against hope that this would go smoothly. 
The wind began to stir around them and she watched the spaces between the columns turn white as if sheets had been draped over them. The wind picked up and sparked as it swirled. 
"Child of the moon, now gone from this world. Spirit once called Olivia Mirabelle, I call you," Nimue said, her voice turning to a loud whisper in the air. "Come to this altar by request of your once husband whom you have cursed. He who seeks forgiveness. Come to this altar by request of your living son whom you have yoked with this curse. He who seeks his father's freedom."
The air shivered and the white began to flicker with darkness. Nothing appeared, but the wind did not die down. 
Nimue's eyes narrowed and she tapped her staff on the ground. 
"I summon you, Olivia Mirabelle, to stand in judgment as curse-layer and corrupted of the line of the moon!"
A screech filled the air. A figure cried out and collapsed in the center of the room. Her blonde hair was spilled in long curls across the floor. She was dressed in a fine ornate gown. Slowly, she picked herself up and lifted her eyes, glaring at Nimue. Laurel gasped. Adolph was frozen in place as Olivia stood. 
She wasn't as beautiful as Laurel had expected her to be. Her blonde hair looked a bit dull and was near translucent. Her eyes were a deep brown that seemed a bit unnatural. There was something in her eyes or the curve of her lips that made Laurel uncomfortable. She wondered if her portrait looked like this. She resembled Gavin, but Laurel bet she took after her mother more than anyone.
Maybe it was because this was her spirit rather than the actual woman that Laurel was uncomfortable with the sight of her.
Olivia turned her eyes on Adolph and smiled a bit dreamily before walking to the altar, completing the circle of people around the altar. She looked as though she wanted to be closer to him, inching around the large round altar table. 
"I am Nimue and I am serving as medium and arbitrator of this meeting and judgment," Nimue said. "You will only speak the truth when questioned and abide by the rules of this plane."
A ripple of light went over Olivia, giving more life to the color of her hair and her clothes, but she still didn't look right. 
"Mother?" Basil gasped. 
Olivia didn't turn to look at him, looking up at Adolph who seemed too still. Laurel swallowed, almost regretting being so adamant about doing this. 
"It's been a long time, my love."
###chapter 171: Love and Obsession
Adolph narrowed his eyes down at Olivia. She was just as pretty as she had been before, but he saw the wicked light in her eyes. 
"Shouldn't you be greeting our son whom you've never met?" Adolph asked. 
She smiled at him, poisonous and vicious, "I would never put anyone before you dear husband."
"You are dead," Adolph said, "Speak to Basil."
" very well."
Olivia turned her head and looked at Basil. Adolph was about to retract his statement at the hopeful look on Basil's face, but it was too late. 
"You asked them to kill the man who raised you," Olivia said, "You asked for the death penalty."
"Mother, they-"
"Don't call me that!" Olivia hissed at him. "All of them. Murdered and for what? What of your loyalty to me?"
Basil's eyes widened, "To you?"
"After what your father did to me?" Olivia said, "What is a bit of money?"
"You You knew?" Basil asked. "But-"
"I love your father," she said, her eyes glimmering with tears. "But that wasn't good enough. My love was never good enough for him. The kingdom was always more important. The battles, the fighting Never once did he love me! Never once did he care!"
Basil stared at her in shock. He could hear her speaking, but he couldn't make sense of her words. She was angry at his father for not loving her because she was Olivia Mirabelle and she deserved to be the love of King Adolph's life. He hadn't abused her or treated her terribly. He just hadn't participated in her fantasy. 
Moon, how insane was this? He felt his heart clenching and breaking. The image of his mother he'd carried in his mind since he was a child shattered like a mirror and there was this cruel woman who was so desperate for his father to love her that she cursed him. 
"You never came for our anniversary or my birthday! Not once!"
For the humiliation, for his stubbornness, she'd given piles of gold to her father out of the luna treasury thinking it would bring Adolph back and make him pay attention to her.
"I gave birth to your son and you would not even return for his birth!" Olivia said turning back to Adolph. "You were content to be injured on the battlefield. As if I would believe that! You never mourned me either."
"Mother," Basil said. "You You're nothing like I was told."
Olivia glared at him, "And how is that?"
"Grandfather said you were kind He said you were the perfect luna, but you're nothing but a spoiled, selfish brat!"
Adolph's jaw dropped open in shock and Laurel gasped. 
"Father was on the front lines defending us from that evil woman, risking his life and you cursed him!" Basil shook his head, "How is that-"
"I gave birth to you! You should be on my side!" Olivia growled, "You should be happy, but I suppose you've been tainted."
"Tainted?" Basil's eyes bulged. 
"That little slut Laura," Olivia scoffed. "Thinking she knows best. Getting in the way. I was glad when that idiot shoved her off the cliff, but she didn't know her place either! If I didn't know I would never sleep with any man that wasn't my beloved king, I'd wonder if you were my son being tricked by a potion!"
Basil flushed and went ridged. 
"Olivia," Adolph said calmly. "Shut your mouth about things you don't understand."
She turned on him, "You would never succumb to such a thing! I would know!"
Adolph glared at her, "You tried to enchant me?"
"And it didn't, just as I thought it wouldn't," Olivia said, looking up at him dreamily. "You're truly the-"
"Enough!" Adolph snarled, "You have no right to speak to my son like this or speak to me at all as if we were happy when you knew I would never love you."
"But I-"
"We are not mates, Olivia," Adolph shook his head. "I am sorry that your mate died on the battlefield, but your pain does not justify your actions!"
Laurel gasped. Adolph had never told her that he'd known Olivia's mate.
"It was my fault that he died, and I cannot and could not apologize enough, but this is too much," Adolph said. "He wouldn't want this. He died a good man, he died defending this country. He died thinking of you. We were never meant to be, you know that."
Olivia blinked before she sighed dreamily, "You're so magnificent."
Adolph's stomach turned at her tone. His wolf had grown still with shock. What did that mean?
She tittered, "I had forgotten all about that. To think you remembered. Don't you see that you loved me? What can that child mean to you after me, my love?"
Adolph drew back as if he'd been burned, "What do you mean? You *forgot?* How could you have forgotten your mate?"
She'd cried and mourned, he'd been told. He'd seen her tears when he returned and told her that he was dead. 
Olivia chuckled, "Well, how could I lower myself to mate with that peasant?"
She shuddered, "I knew the moon goddess had a better destiny for me. She was just testing my resolve! I told him to find me after the war to get him out of the way. It all worked out so well that he was a part of your battalion I made sure the information was wrong."
Adolph's blood ran cold staring at her, "You changed the message."
"Oh, I was never worried about you," Olivia said, "You're the Goddess-Blessed King, touched by the moon! The black wolf! The sword of the moon. An ambush would never be enough to hurt you, but he was in the way of our chance to be together, and-"
"All these years," Adolph said. "I I thought-"
He broke off and shook his head, "It doesn't matter. I can't revive any of them."
"But you can be with me," Olivia said smiling up at him. "We can be together just like we were supposed to beand-"
"You're insane!" Basil yelled. Olivia's face turned furious as she turned around. "You're no better than your father. No-You're *worse!* "
"My father was hasty," Olivia conceded. "It would have been fine if he hadn't panicked at the end."
"Olivia," Adolph said, "If you ever cared for me at all, lift the curse."
Olivia shook her head, "Never. I love you too much." 
"Olivia-"
"And even if I was inclined to let you be with that woman," she snarled and sneered. "For some misplaced sense of goodness, I can't. I anchored my curse in that which you would never destroy willingly."
"You anchored it in our son!" Adolph yelled, "You mean to say that it would only be lifted if he died?"
Olivia chuckled, "Brilliant, isn't it? I made sure you had an heir. It's the least he could do for being born to such a fantastic lineage."
She grabbed him, clenching her fists in his shirt. Adolph shuddered at the dark taint of her spirit. It was cold and irritating. His stomach turned. 
Basil pulled out his dagger and Adolph grew still. 
"Basil, no!"
He looked at Adolph as Nimue stared at Basil in horror. 
"You heard what she said," Basil said, trembling. "There's no other way."
Olivia looked over her shoulder, "He won't. He's much too afraid."
"Put the dagger down," Adolph said, reaching out to him. "Put it down, Basil."
"T-Tina told me that that she was always healthy. When she got drunk, she'd always cry and tell me that it was as if Olivia had simply wanted to die because you were on the b-brink of death."
"Put down the dagger, son," Adolph said. 
"Ignore him," Olivia said flippantly. "He is your son by blood, but he doesn't have your courage, your heart your dedication to the kingdom. He isn't strong enough and I know you would never-"
"Shut your mouth!" Adolph growled at her, not taking his eyes off Basil. 
Their gazes met. Olivia had been clever anchoring the spell in Basil's life, but she was wrong. 
Basil was every bit his son. There was courage and strength in him. There was more than enough dedication and everything else that was necessary to make him choose his death rather than let him lose his mind in Basil. 
It had been hidden and locked away for years, but it had been growing and blooming steadily. He'd seen it. 
Basil closed his eyes, lifting the dagger a bit.
His heart clenched, "Basil, look at me, son."
"No."
"Basil, please, look at me."
Slowly, his eyes opened wet and fearful. They widened just a little as their gazes met. 
"I would rather spend whatever time I have left with you, Laurel, your newest sibling, teaching you everything you need to know than extending my life." Tears welled in Basil's eyes. "Put the dagger down, son. Nimue, end the séance."
###chapter 172: Oblivion
Adolph's voice was sure and even, but Basil couldn't believe what he was saying. Didn't he understand that they had no way of knowing how long that would be? A few months? A few days? His father was the strongest man he knew, but he wasn't indestructible!
"But father-"
"You'd let Basil be king?" Olivia scoffed and laughed, "You know he's not ready. He won't ever be ready!"
The twinge of pain that went through him took his breath away. He pushed it aside. This wasn't the mother he'd imagined his whole life. He expected his father to say those things, not the woman who died giving birth to him. 
He winced at the thought. She hadn't died giving birth to him. She'd died giving birth to a curse. There was no other choice to make.
"Nimue, end the séance."
Nimue said nothing. Whether that meant she couldn't or wasn't going to, he didn't know.
Adolph shook his head, "Your father tried to make that true, but it's not. Basil isn't an idiot. He's young and inexperienced, but that's fixable. He has all the support he needs to grow into the position even if I don't have enough time to teach him everything he needs to know."
He looked down at Olivia as she stared up at him. 
"This curse was meant to kill me in the heart of the war and leave Basil without me at your father's mercy But I survived the war," he gave her a cold smirk. "I have a feeling with my wife."
Olivia flinched and he kept going watching her grow more red and furious with each word, "My mate and luna."
"Stop it. That girl isn't-"
"My gift from the moon. My love, I will survive a great deal longer than you think."
"You won't."
"I think," Adolph said, "With the help of the Wiccans, I'll live well into my sixties and watch my unborn child grow to adulthood."
"You won't!"
He glared at her, "Don't doubt me What did you say? I'm the *Goddess-Blessed King.* The *black wolf.* The *shield* of the kingdom. I think I'm more than strong enough to survive your *evil* for a great deal longer and when the day comes that I die, that I lose my mind, or whatever is to happen to me it won't be *you* in my last thoughts."
"Liar. You'll think of me."
"No," he said, "Because I am going to forget you after this. I'm going to pull down every portrait and have them burned. Your name will be erased from history as ever having been my wife. Mark me, Olivia! You'll be dug up and your tombstone will be destroyed. All of your lies will be exposed and you will be remembered as nothing more than a traitor! Then forgotten like you were nothing."
Olivia's face scrunched up. Her eyes flashed with darkness and resentment. How had he never seen such ugliness in her? He hadn't been looking beyond her dreamy eyes and foolish decrees of love. 
Olivia growled at him, "You-"
"Basil!"
Adolph turned as the scent of blood filled the air. Laurel screamed in panic and he saw Basil curling forward, his dagger plunged into his chest as he staggered against the altar, bowing forward as his blood began to spill onto the altar.
"No!" Olivia shrieked, "You stupid boy, what have you done?"
Adolph rushed around the altar as Nimue reached Basil and helped him to the ground.  She lay him on his back gently. 
Basil choked and grimaced, "Really expected it to be quicker"
Nimue shook his head, "Idiot."
"Can you heal him?" Adolph asked, "You have to-"
"No," Basil gasped, looking up at Adolph. "You have to *Laurel.* "
Adolph's heart lurched, and he turned as Olivia shrieked and seemed to grow into a giant whispy version of herself with wild hair and glowing red eyes. She drifted over the altar towards Laurel. 
She bared her fanged teeth as Laurel stumbled back against the wall with a protective hand over her stomach. She drew her dagger quickly, aiming it at Olivia's spectral form.
"I'll kill you!" Olivia shrieked. "He'll be mine! As soon as you're dead the curse will take him!"
Adolph's heart lurched. He jumped to his feet and drew his sword, but the wind shoved him back as Olivia lunged at Laurel. Adolph growled, letting the shift take over him until he landed on all fours and leaped towards Olivia. A burst of wind sent him flying back, further angering him.
The edges of his vision began to turn black as he tried to focus. The fever started rising and his heart was racing. 
"Adolph will never be yours, you evil, crazy woman!" Laurel yelled, "He's my mate!"
Nimue lifted her staff and stood, shooting a beam of light at Laurel that wrapped around her protecting her as Olivia aimed her clawed hand at her. The necklace from Eden gleamed and added to the brilliance of the barrier. Olivia's claws broke against the barrier of light. 
She let out a howl as Adolph fought back the darkness from his vision. 
Laurel was okay. She was protected.
"Laurel Miller Raymond is under the protection of the throne of the sun," Nimue said, "Your evil will not reach her."
Olivia beat against the barrier, but it didn't bend. Instead, Olivia's skin seemed to crack with every hit. Above their heads, a large spinning disk of darkness appeared, drawing in the wild winds as Nimue lifted her staff. 
"Lift the curse, Olivia Mirabelle." Nimue said, "Let go of your anger and go peacefully into your next life!"
"Never!" Olivia shrieked. "He's mine! I am his mate! He will love me!"
"There is more than one way to break your curse," Nimue said. "I will send you into oblivion, Olivia. Your soul will be shredded and your consciousness lost."
"No" Basil gasped weakly, grabbing Nimue's ankle. "You can't please"
Nimue ignored him, "Lift the curse, or I will!"
"Don't," Basil groaned and choked. 
"That woman bet her grudge on your life," Nimue said. "She does not deserve your mercy!"
"mother"
"Oblivion?" Olivia scoffed and let out a haughty laugh. "You don't have the power, little girl!"
Adolph wasn't sure what it was, but he felt the air shake. He turned and looked at Nimue. The glow in her eyes had turned dark like obsidian.  His sword lifted from the ground and out of its sheathe. The blade glowed bright blue and grew brighter as it aimed at Olivia. In a flash, it shot through the air, tearing through Olivia's arm like paper. 
Olivia cried out in agony as her arm went flying into the dark sphere in a rush of wind. 
Olivia's eyes widened in horror as the blade turned in the air and Nimue glared at her. 
"Revoke the curse," Nimue said again, "The void already had a taste of you. It will only want more."
Olivia's eyes grew fearful, darting between Adolph and the void. Nimue shift her staff and Olivia was jerked back towards the darkness. 
"Okay! I revoke my curse! I revoke it!"
Basil choked, bowing up from the ground as a spectral ghost rose out of his chest and rushed towards Adolph. He flinched but it passed through him painlessly. He felt the fury and raging madness leave him. In its place, there was just a low burning warmth where it had once felt like a raging inferno. 
He shifted back into his human form in shock, shuddering and watching the curse get sucked into the void.
Laurel gasped seeing him shuddering and staring up in the darkness in shock. The scent of blood was still in his scent, but she could feel the change in his mind as it was gone. 
Nimue's eyes narrowed, "You are a truly evil existence."
Olivia gasped and drew back from attacking Laurel. The darkness in Nimue's eyes and the darkness that hung above them didn't disappear. It swirled, drawing in the mists around the temple's space, pulling Olivia back. 
"Wait!" Olivia reached out for Adolph, "You can't! You said-I lifted the curse!"
Nimue glared at her, "I never said anything about allowing you to continue to exist if you did."
"You can't! Adolph! Please, make her stop! Basil! My son-"
"Don't you ever call him that again!" Adolph growled. 
"She won't be able to," Nimue said calmly. "The judgment is done."
"What right do you have to judge me?" Olivia hissed, "You filthy witch!"
"I am a child of the sun," Nimue said calmly. "Born on an eclipse. Darkness is no stranger to me. I have seen the darkness in you, Olivia. It is the void who has passed judgment on you."
"Liar! You-No! Adolph! Adolph!"
Olivia let out a long hollow wail, still reaching for Adolph as Adolph went to Laurel and vanished into the dark swirling void. 
The spinning disk vanished and the peace that he usually associated with the temple returned. 
###chapter 173: Defense and Not
Nimue took a deep calming breath as Basil let out a mournful sob. The air began to warm slowly around them as the path between their world and the afterlife closed. She should have known when her first evocation yielded nothing that Olivia was going to be another troublesome spirit.
She hoped Basil would be able to recover and accept the truth in time.
"No mother" Nimue's heart twisted with grief as she calmed her powers and Basil's hand tightened on her ankle. "Why? She She lifted it."
"She was prepared to sacrifice you," she said solemnly.
"She lifted the curse, Nimue! You didn't have to!"
Nimue looked down at him, "She only did so to save her existence, Basil. That was the test. It wasn't about remorse towards what she'd done to your father it was about what she did to you."
His eyes welled with tears as she set her staff aside, allowing it to hover in the air. 
"She was never your mother."
She kneeled beside Basil, placing a glowing hand near the dagger in his chest as he fell unconscious with tears still streaming down his cheeks. She felt terrible, but she was bound by the rules of the spirits and they had seen no true remorse in Olivia. It happened fairly often that spirits are so corrupted by their obsessions and desires while they were alive that their souls were corrupted. 
Hopefully, when her soul was recombined with other lost souls in the void, she would be a better person.
Laurel couldn't believe her eyes. Adolph's face was just as shocked, but he seemed better. Maybe he looked a little tired, but the strain that she'd been seeing in him wasn't there. The hazy darkness that colored the bloody undercurrent of his scent was gone. The curse was gone. 
"Adolph, you-"
She gasped as a sharp pain went through her and the folds of her gown grew wet and warm as the water ran down her leg. 
Adolph stiffened and he looked at her. 
"The baby."
Adolph staggered to his feet as the white vanished around them and his sister rushed into the temple followed by several others with a cot. The night had come though it had been the early afternoon when they had started the séance.
Laurel stumbled and allowed them to get her onto the cot as the barrier around her faded. 
Adolph hurried over to them and reached for an end of the cot. His sister stopped him. 
"Stay with your son," she said, meeting his gaze with glowing moonlight eyes. She smiled. "Your love will be fine, dear wolf. I am glad you are free."
Adolph felt the request like an order from the goddess. Despite that, he hesitated before dropping his head and letting someone else grab the last end of the cot and pick her up. 
"Please take care of her."
He took in a shuddering breath and watched them leave before turning back to where Nimue was working on Basil. He was still, a shallow pool of blood had spread around him. Light danced around the blade. It was a standard-issue dagger for recruits, just long enough to puncture a vampire or werewolf's heart if necessary. 
He slipped into his pants and came to kneel beside him, watching her work quietly. He had never seen a Wiccan heal anyone, but that wasn't what was pressing on his mind.
There was something in the way she moved around Basil. There was a warmth in her tone and treatment. She stroked his hair gently, shaking her head with something like fondness in her eyes. 
"He'll be in pain when he wakes," Nimue said softly. "It shouldn't be long before he wakes. I just have to-"
"Do you love my son?"
Nimue's head shot up to meet his gaze, wide and shocked. Their gazes met for a moment before her lips twitched. Her eyes seemed far too old for her face. 
"I am fated," Nimue said, "Though perhaps one day it could be love."
Adolph sat back, dumbfounded. His mate was his reincarnated former daughter-in-law. His son's mate was a Wiccan with the power to heal and summon dead spirits. 
The Raymond line had always been blessed, but he was beginning to wonder if there wasn't also some sort of curse running through the line. 
He sneered at the thought of a curse. He had meant every word he'd said to Olivia. He'd make sure she was remembered as nothing more than a traitor then not at all. He'd scrub every trace of her he could out of his life. 
Basil let out a loud groan as the blade finally slipped free of his chest. He was still pale, but he opened his eyes as waves of golden light drifted over him. 
"WhatI" He flinched, "Nimue, you--!"
"Don't you ever do something so stupid again!" Nimue said, "Reckless, foolish, rushing in when you know nothing about the magic of spirits! What if I couldn't have healed you?"
"Then the curse would have been broken, and-"
"Don't be stupid!" Nimue cried. "If you died, your father-"
"What did you do to my mother's soul?" Basil asked, his voice cold and biting as he glared at her. 
Nimue lifted her head, "I let her be judged."
"Liar!" Basil said, "My mother-"
"Anchored a curse in you," Adolph said. Basil shut his mouth and looked up at him. His blue eyes were hazy and wet. He looked so young and vulnerable, but he needed to accept the truth of the matter. 
He thought of the portrait that hung in the portrait hall of lunas of Olivia and decided he would give it to Basil and let him decide what he wanted to do with it. So long as Adolph never had to see it again, that would be enough for him.
"I understand that this is hard to accept," Adolph said. "I can even understand you being upset with me, but Nimue saved your life and mine. You have no right or reason to be upset with her."
"But-But she-"
"Olivia was willing to let you die for her grudge against me," Adolph shuddered at the thought. "She was willing to die for her obsession and she did. No matter how horrible that truth is, it is true"
Adolph sighed, "Had I known a decision I made years ago would come to put so many people in danger like this, I would have simply let the throne go to Raven and Henry."
Basil's eyes watered. His jaw trembled, and he tried to sit up. Adolph placed a hand to his chest. 
"Stay here with Nimue," he said. "She will probably let you know when you're good to move again."
Nimue nodded and Adolph looked at him, "You have my blessing and my gratitude, Nimue. I will send someone out to attend you."
Nimue's eyes widened as Adolph stood. He smiled at her. 
"I am not the man my ancestors were," Adolph said and turned, "I simply want him to be happy, and I owe you my life. I'm sure the life of my son is equivalent."
Her lips twitched, "Your life is already forfeit. You can't bargain with it anyway."
He chuckled, "That is true."
He left the temple and headed back to the castle, slipping into the tattered remains of his shirt and putting his sword back on his belt. 
As he walked down the stairs, he sighed.
If he never faced another ghost or evil spirit in his life, it would be too soon. He hustled into the castle and up the stairs towards the birthing room on their floor. 
"Your Majesty?" Chasel called from down the hall. He hurried towards him and Adolph smiled at him. "Are you I mean"
"I am fine, Chasel," Adolph said, "Perhaps now, we might have enough peace that you will find a mate."
Chasel chuckled, "Sure. Maybe. I assume you're headed up to see the luna?"
He nodded shakily, "Have you heard anything?"
Chasel scoffed, "Lily is beside herself with excitement and worry in even turns. She's been babbling nonsensically since she was brought it. I didn't stick around to try and decipher it through the door."
He nodded towards the stairs, "Though it seemed to be going just fine."
Adolph nodded, thanking him and heading towards the stairs. It felt as if he was saying a prayer with each step. 
He should have never agreed to let Laurel come to the séance. What had Olivia done to her? Had it hurt the baby? Would they be alright? Had the barrier protected her completely? 
What if it hadn't?
He reached the door and took a deep breath. There were no screams of agony. He didn't hear much of anything as if there was no one inside. 
The door opened suddenly and his sister smiled up at him. She shook her head with a little wry smile.
"Are you coming in or not?"
Adolph nodded and straightened his spine.
###chapter 174: Jack
His stomach churned but he nodded, walking into the room. Fear filled him, but as he entered the room he started to relax. 
"You're so beautiful you take after your father."
Laurel lay among the sheets, dressed in a loose gown and cradling the baby to her chest.
At the distance, he could only see a tuft of honey blonde hair in the swaddling blanket. The wetnurses bowed and stepped aside as he approached. 
Laurel smiled up at him, "Want to meet him?"
"Him?"
Laurel beamed at him, "Him Nimue told me before, but I wanted it to still be a surprise for you."
Another boy. Adolph sunk onto the bed beside her, kissing her cheek before looking down into her arms. 
He had Laurel's nose and hair pattern though the coloring was all his. Maybe when he grew up he'd take after his grandfathers, but he wouldn't be able to tell that for a while.
"Can I hold him?"
Laurel nodded, offering the child to him. He smelled like fresh water and clean skin as Adolph took him, and held him close. He was so small and fragile, his heart clenched with tenderness and he offered the child one of his fingers. 
"Hello, little Jack," Laurel gasped. "The man you're named after died saving your father's life."
Jack turned slightly, wrapping his tiny hand around Adolph's finger as he murmured. 
Slowly, his eyes fluttered open, and brilliant green eyes looked up at him. 
He didn't think there was a moment in his life he'd felt so full of love. His eyes burned with tears. 
"Hello, son."

Six months later
Laurel laughed as Nimue the door behind her and slumped against the door. 
"I am too old for all of this foolishness!" Nimue cried. "Honestly, why are your clothes so uncomfortable?"
Laurel laughed, "It can't be that bad?"
"Corsets are a werewolf thing," Nimue said. "And Raven is a conniving woman with more cunning in her fingernail than I have time to evade for long periods."
Laurel chuckled, gesturing to her couch, "You're welcome to hide here for now. I'm working on some plans for the city anyway. "
"Finally, something that has nothing to do with the wedding." Nimue said, "The way I hear it, he's been married twice already and both of them died. It feels like bad luck."
Laurel chuckled, not even flinching at the memory and longer, "They were different people with different circumstances. You're his actual mate, Nimue. If Basil doesn't kill them, Adolph will."
Nimue chuckled, "And if not him, then Eden or my uncle."
Nimue sighed, "Does there need to be an engagement party and a wedding?"
"Yes," Laurel said, laughing. A knock sounded on the door and Nimue groaned. "Come in!"
Lily entered, carrying Jack in her arms. He let out an excited shriek and Nimue jumped to her feet. 
"Baby time!" Nimue yelled, "Finally, someone who doesn't care about how many roses or lunar flowers there are so long as he can put something in his mouth!"
Lily laughed letting her take Jack from her arms, "Prince Basil has been searching for you."
"Not here," Nimue said. "You haven't seen me. He'll drive me crazy."
Laurel chuckled, "Why is that?"
Nimue rubbed noses with Jack as he let out a shriek of glee. She conjured a swirl of healing lights for his entertainment.
"He keeps trying to ask me about how uncle and Eden will react when they get here," Nimue said. "What's the fun in meeting the family if I walk him through it?"
"Seems a bit cruel considering your cousin can conjure lightning," Lily said. 
Nimue shrugged, "He proposed. His consequences to bear."
Laurel had been surprised that he'd proposed. More surprised that Nimue had accepted. She would have never guessed that a woman like Nimue would have been Basil's mate, but it made a lot of sense. 
Basil was high-strung, bratty, and naïve, but she brought out an earnest side that made his inexperience almost endearing. Nimue was anything but high-strung and knew more about the world than many would ever know. 
Speaking with her sometimes felt like speaking with someone her age and an elder. 
At least, when she wasn't giving sex tips. Laurel's face burned. Listening to Nimue give pointers on how to pleasure Adolph with her mouth had left her as red as a rose for days. 
When she'd used those tips, she'd ended up in bed for several days after. Nimue had winked at her with a knowing smile, and Laurel had done her best to avoid sex conversations from then on. 
That had ended a few days ago, right after Jack had begun sleeping through the night. 
Laurel stacked her papers together and set them aside. 
"Come on, it's almost lunchtime."
"No," Nimue moaned, "Then, I'll have to share Jack"
Laurel laughed, "I'm his mother and I barely get time to hold him. You'll live."
Nimue sighed, cradling Jack gently as they headed towards the family dining room. Henry was in the doorway, and in a flash, he scooped Jack out of Nimue's arms. 
"I've got the baby!"
A resounding cheer went through the room and Laurel shook her head listening to the excited chatter. Adolph and Basil were missing from the group. 
"Where's the soon-to-be groom and my husband?"
Raven smirked, "We all know you only care about my brother."
Laurel shrugged, "No comment."
"They should be here soon," Henry said, bouncing Jack gently. "There was a mock battle and things got dirty due to the rain."
She could only imagine. The thought of Adolph slipping and sliding around in the mud made her smile a bit. Then, she thought of him getting in the shower and the taste of water on his skin. 
"Hey! No dirty thoughts at lunch!" Irene cackled. "Goodness, you were just released from your chambers two days ago!"
"I'd be happy to take you back to bed after we've been diplomatic in-laws," Adolph said from behind her. 
Laurel turned and gave him a meaningful look, "Adolph, please."
He grinned and pressed a kiss to her lips, "I love you."
She smiled, "I love you too Even if you are trouble."
He looked into the room, "Is there a chance I will get to hold my son at least once today?"
Basil came down the hallway, adjusting his tie a bit nervously as Henry began to bargain about how long Adolph would repossess Jack for. Basil turned to the mirror in the hallway to check his reflection as Nimue came out of the room and took his hand.
"You're too tense," she pulled him down the hallway. "Goodness, you act like he's going to eat you."
"Nimue, you can't mess up my clothes!"
"That's not all I'll be messing up, darling."
Laurel suppressed a giggle as they disappeared down the hallway and Basil's stammering protests faded. 
Chasel approached from the direction they were going with an amused smirk.
"The happy couple seem to be as happy as ever."
Laurel chuckled, "Well, hopefully, her family knows her well enough not to be offended."
"Speaking of, the carriages will be arriving soon. I imagine you will be receiving them personally?"
Laurel nodded, "Adolph?"
"I'm coming," Adolph replied coming out of the room with a sigh. "Eventually, we'll have some time with our son. At this rate, he's not going to know who his actual parents are."
"He's a smart baby," Laurel said, "He'll be calling you Dad in no time."
Adolph nodded and kissed her cheek, "Shall we?"
"I'll make sure their bags and things are taken care of."
Laurel nodded, following Chasel down the hall towards the front gates and to the steps of the palace. How long had it been since she'd stood on these steps with fear making her heart pound? She leaned into Adolph's side. 
Adolph squeezed her hand, "I was thinking that there are some things that I haven't shown you."
"Like what?"
"Like how talented my mouth is."
She gasped and felt her cheeks burning. Before she could speak, the caravan pulled up and he descended the stairs to greet them. Eden was sat astride horseback, dressed in Wiccan robes under a black vest. He dismounted with a bright smile. 
"I hear we'll be family soon," Eden said, laughing as he shook hands with Adolph. "I feel bad for you."
Taliesin got out of the carriage with a shake of his head, "She couldn't even be here to greet us?"
"You know how she is," Eden said. "She'll probably, at least, be at lunch maybe."
She looked at them as Taliesin and Eden looked up at the castle with a critical eye. 
"What's wrong?" Laurel asked, looking up at the edifice.
"I told you about the story behind Crystal Castle," Taliesin said, "The protections look like they're filling out. I guess she is doing some work even if she's trouble."
"Is that a good thing?"
Eden grinned at her, "It means lasting peace and the thrones of the moon and sun are finally as they should have been."
She smiled up at the edifice of the castle as Adolph slipped his hand into hers and squeezed.
"Let's go enjoy our well-earned, peace, hm?"
Laurel grinned up at him and nodded, "Let's."

The End