
###chapter 1
********
A blind billionaire's marriage of convenience ignites unexpected passion. But when deadly schemes from his past resurface, can their fragile bond survive? For Lisa, protecting her sister means risking everything—even her heart.
********

Lisa's POV
I can't wait to get off the airplane to breathe fresh air and stretch my legs. We have been on the flight for several hours now. My little sister and I are going to Rome for our vacation. I look out of the window and see Rome moving closer. Looking at Lilani, I can't help but think about my parents.
The car accident claimed both of their lives one year ago after they came back from one of their friends' weddings. I remember when I got the call from the hospital informing me to go to the emergency room, which changed our lives forever. Lilani is so young she needs our parents; when the tooth fairy comes to visit, she runs up to her mother and shouts, "Look, the tooth fairy was here." On her first day at school, they stand watching her when she falls in love and can't wait to see Mom and tell her about the boy and the first heartbreak. Mom brings ice cream and says everything will be okay. Father wants to break the boy's neck for hurting his little girl. But now she won't get to experience any of that. Lilani is only five years old and still doesn't understand why they don't come home every night.
I planned this vacation to Rome, hoping to take my sister's thoughts away from all the sadness and from the place that reminds her of our parents every day. I asked for three weeks' leave of absence from my law firm. My boss was kind enough to grant it to me. I planned this so we could go elsewhere on Mom and Dad's first death anniversary. After their deaths, I became like a mother to Lilani. I used all my savings to make this holiday possible. Now we have reached our destination. While reaching Leonardo da Vinci International Airport, the radiant lights above gently prompted passengers to fasten their seatbelts, signaling that our arrival was close at hand.
"We arrived," I thought as we landed.
"Excuse me, Miss, but maybe I can help?" The air hostess made an announcement. "I notice you struggling to catch a taxi. Here, let me get one." She continues and calls a taxicab. "Thank you so much," I said to the air hostess.
Soon we will be on our way to the hotel where we will stay. To my relief, the manager can speak English, and after we complete the formalities, a porter accompanies us to our second-floor suite.
"I think you should rest a little," I suggest to Lilani when we are alone again. Lilani shakes her head up and down and moves towards the bed. I assisted Lilani in getting into bed. "Sleep tight; I love you," I said, kissing her forehead. I walk over to the window where the Tibert River flows by. I wish my parents were here with us. Turning around, I notice that Lilani was still sleeping. She will not wake up soon, and I decide to lie down for a while.
I woke up when I heard my sister sing. "Lisa...", then knocking on the nightstand, "Do you want to build a snowman? Let's go and play!" Lilani giggles as she climbs onto the bed.
"I'm awake; now stop singing." I laugh at my sisters' silliness and feel Lilani on the bed.
"How are you feeling, Lily?" I asked as she lay down in my arms.
"Better thank you, Lizzy. Can we do something fun, please"? She asked me.
"Yes, let's walk to the park," I said after getting off the bed.
We leave the room with the strap of my purse over my shoulder. I can no longer wait to explore this place.
We walked around the corner, toward the Tiber River, to the bridge. Here, we stand for a while and watch as the water flows past through the city.
Then we stroll on to the Villa Borghese Gardens. "I recommend that we get a bike."
"Yes, then we could eat something after that." Lilani asked me.
"Okay, let's go grab a bicycle." We walked over to where we could rent the bicycles. "Excuse me; I would like to hire two, please." I requested the man and gave him the money.
Soon Lilani and I are on our way, riding through the garden.
"Let's rest for a while," Lilani asked after we rode for half an hour.
"There is a fountain where you can make a wish," I proposed.
I took Lilani's hand and walked over to a few people standing, ready to flip a coin. I handed Lilani the coin and said, "Take this." She took it and closed her eyes.
Two guys stand far from me, staring at me from head to toe and smirking. This caused my temper to flare.
But before I could say anything, Lilani shouted at them, "Why are you looking at my sister like that? Don't you know it's rude? She's not a meal you can eat! Stop staring at her!"
They looked at Lilani, surprised that she had just talked to them that way; they glanced at me and stepped away. I smile at Lilani, and we ride the bikes back and stroll back to the hotel together.
"Let's go for dinner in the dining area," I suggest.
I noticed Lilani ate a little, then complained about a headache. "I have pain again," Lilani tells me.
"Let's get you to bed," I replied, leading her to our suite.
"Good night, Lilani," I said, kissing her on the head. She closes her eyes and falls asleep while I play with her hair, staring at her.
"She never complained about this before three weeks ago."
That night, I couldn't sleep. The room is different, and the noises from the window are strange.
It was past midnight when I fell asleep.
The following day, when I woke up, I noticed my sister missing from bed. I sat up and glanced around the room, only to find Lilani drawing at the table and smiling. "You seem better today," I remarked.
"It's because I don't have pain today, Lizzy." Lilani smiled happily.
"I'm glad you feel better," I said.
"So tell me, do you want to go on an outing this morning?"
"Yes, can we go to the park again, please?" Lilani asked me with puppy eyes.
"Looks like she enjoyed the park yesterday," I thought.
We got ready for our outing to the park.
We walked around the garden when Lilani started complaining about a headache again.
I picked her up and walked back to our room. "That's it; I'm taking you to the doctor," I said sternly.
"Go and take a bath."
A few minutes later, I heard something in the bathroom, became worried, and investigated. As soon as I entered, I found my sister unconscious on the floor.
Shocked, I kneeled beside her and sighed aloud, relieved when I realized she still had a pulse.
I will have to call a doctor immediately. I got up to contact the manager. "Please help me; we need to get a doctor for my sister," I requested in English.
"I will phone a doctor immediately," The manager said and hung up.
While I was sponging my sister's face with a damp cloth, the hotel manager knocked on the door and walked into the room at my invitation.
"I called Doctor Rossi," he informed me.
I put the damp cloth on the bedside table and said, thankfully, "Thank you so much for calling the doctor, Mr. Romano." I said. Thankfully, he can speak English. Just as the manager wanted to leave, I stopped him.
"Wait, how will the doctor and I communicate? Does he speak English?" I suddenly asked worriedly.
"You do not have to worry about the doctor, Signorina," the manager assured.
"The doctor can speak English very well."
"I honestly don't know how to thank you for your help, Mr. Romano," I said gratefully.
"I just hope this isn't serious."


###chapter 2
"I understand, Signorina. I'll be in my office if you need my help," the manager said. "Meanwhile, I hope your sister will recover quickly." With those words, the manager left the room and left me alone again.
I gently stroked the pale face of my sister. I have no idea why she's unconscious. "I hope it's nothing serious," I whispered.
Tears welled up in my eyes, but I quickly wiped them with my hand. "I need to be strong," I told myself.
Then there's a knock on the door. I quickly got up and opened the door.
"I'm Dr. Rossi, and you're the patient's mother?" I heard the doctor ask in English with a heavy Italian accent.
"I'm Lisa Saunders, her older sister, Dr. Rossi," I said, standing aside to let him in. He walked over to where Lilani lay. The doctor examines Lilani and asks, "How is her health, Miss Saunders?" He asked me.
"As far as I know, excellent doctor. She had just started complaining about the headache a few weeks ago, but I thought it was because she was missing out on her parents". I told him truthfully.
"I told her to get ready to take her to a doctor and found her on the bathroom floor unconscious."
The doctor struggles for almost fifteen minutes to bring Lilani around. "Your sister will have to be admitted to the hospital, Miss Saunders." The doctor announces this as he carefully places his stethoscope in his suitcase.
"Your sister is in a coma, not just unconscious." The words shocked me.
"Is My sister's condition serious, Doctor?" I asked with a lump in my throat.
The doctor looked at me with sadness and said, "Yes, I fear your sister's condition is serious, Miss. But exactly how serious it is, I do not know. I will get an ambulance to come immediately."
I suddenly became concerned about her, and after the doctor's departure, I quickly got an overnight bag for her.
Just as I was done, the ambulance stopped in front of the hotel. The paramedic helped Lilani and asked, "Do you want to ride with your sister, Miss?" I nodded and followed them to the waiting ambulance.
I have been waiting all night for the doctors to come out with some news about Lilani.
I can't even ask one of the nurses; I can only flip through the magazines and look at the pictures while constantly thinking about my sister.
Dr. Rossi finally makes his appearance at the waiting room door.
I quickly stood up from the chair and walked towards him. "Doctor, do you know what is wrong with my sister? Is she still in a coma?"
The doctor looked at me and said, "Your sister is still in a coma, Miss Saunders, and I am afraid her condition is critical. She will most likely have to have surgery. But we will only know tomorrow after the brain specialist has studied the X-ray plates again. You see, the plates showed a tumor on the brain."
I looked at the doctor as if he had just grown two heads.
"Thank you, doctor," I said and left the hospital.
I quickly went to my room to think about this situation. I cannot believe that this is happening to us. How will I pay for the surgery? I did not budget for medical expenses such as an operation. After thinking about all this, I finally arrived at the hotel.
The following day, I woke up early to get ready for the hospital. I wait for the doctor, and after what feels like forever, he finally comes over to me and says, "Good morning, Miss Saunders; please follow me." I heard him say:
I quickly followed him to a room.
Dr. Rossi introduced me to the brain specialist, and I became tense.
"Please sit down, Miss Saunders." He invited me to sit down and begin to speak.
"Unfortunately, the result of my examination is not good, Signorina. Signorina will have to get an operation as soon as possible; her life depends on it. He explained everything about the operation, but I didn't understand all the medical terms he used.
"Your parents must be notified about the operation immediately, Signorina. The operation can only be postponed for a few days."
"I am sorry, but my parents died in a car accident a year ago. I told the doctor. I am her legal guardian."
"I am sorry to hear about your family." He replied.
"We need your answer by tonight to make the necessary arrangements." Doctor Rossi informed me.
I thanked the doctor and walked out of the hospital toward the park.
I'm thinking about my sister's operation and don't notice the older man sitting near me.
The thought that I would also lose my sister breaks my heart. I wish our parents were here to tell me what to do.
I'm so sad that I don't notice the man watching me.


Mr. Mancini's POV

 I watched the lady from a distance. "I wonder why she's sad?" I wondered out loud.
 "Maybe a heartbreak." Maria, my wife, said, "Then the man must be stupid."
 My wife laughed at me. "Why don't you go to her and find out what's wrong? Maybe we can help?" I heard Maria say, "What makes you so sure she will tell me her problems?" I asked.
 "I can see she's got trouble, and maybe she will open up to you."
 I looked at the young girl as well. "Alright, I will talk to her. I hope she doesn't think I'm some kind of pervert." I said it out loud, only for Maria to laugh at me.
 I stand up and walk over to the brunette.

 Lisa's POV.

 I was so caught up in my grief that I didn't notice when an older man came to sit next to me on the bench. I sob, but then hear a male voice next to me asking, "Ti fa molto male, Signori ta?" Do you feel sick?
 I shook my head and wiped away my tears. "I'm sorry, but I don't understand your language, Sir, and I don't talk to strangers. Please leave me alone. "
 "Excuse me; I don't want to be rude, Signorina," the old man said in a mixture of English and Italian, "but my wife said I should come and ask why you are crying. My name is Mason Mancini."
 I looked at the man, then at where he was pointing, and saw an elegant older woman.
 They seem to be concerned. "Mr. Mancini, my little sister, and I are here on vacation. But yesterday, I got shocking news." I informed him about what the doctor said today.
 "When will your sister have surgery?" I heard the older man ask with sympathy clearly in his voice.
 I shook my head, and the tears began to roll down my cheeks. "I don't have money to pay for the operation, Sir," I told him truthfully.
 "You are indeed in a difficult position, Signorina," Mr. Mancini said.
 "Yes, you do indeed have reason to feel sad. You haven't told me what your name is."
 "I'm Lisa Saunders; we stay in the Palazzo Veneziano, Mr. Mancini," I said softly.
 "You must wonder why my parents aren't here. You see, our parents died in a car accident a year ago. My sister can't process their death; she wants to know if they are coming home; this holiday was planned so that she could get away from everything that made her think about them. " I paused and said, "I'm sorry I bore you with my problems, Mr. Mancini. I told him I just wanted to be alone for a while. I think your wife is calling you. Please thank her on my behalf".
"Pleasure to meet you, Miss Saunders." I heard the older man say this as he quickly stood up from the bench and greeted me politely.

 Masons POV

 "Well, I have to say you were away for a long time, Mason," my wife said when I sat beside her.
 "Is it possible that you could not tear yourself away from the attractive lady?" My wife continues to tease me. I see she is no longer crying!"
"Her name is Lisa Saunders; she is indescribably beautiful." I begin to tell my wife.
 "She and her little sister are from South Africa and arrived here two days ago on holiday." I continued to tell my wife about the car accident in which Lisa's parents died and that this holiday was meant to cheer Lilani up. I briefly told her about their tragedy yesterday and that Lisa cannot cover the operating costs. "However, yesterday she got sad news."
"So, it's not a breakup then," my wife said.
 "I wonder if she's not just another gold digger hoping to catch a rich guy?" I heard my wife say, "I don't think it's a lie, Maria."
"At first, she didn't want to have anything to do with me. She clarified that she doesn't talk to strangers and that I should leave her alone. No, she doesn't look like the girl who will make up lies to get money from a man. "
 "It's true; one can always find out at the hotel and hospital if she's telling the truth," my wife said.
 "Did the lady tell you who the specialist is who is going to operate on her sister?" Maria asked.
 "No, and I didn't ask."
 "Why don't we phone the hospital and ask?" I suggest.
 "No, wait, I think it's better if you introduce me to the lady, so I can talk to her myself."
 Maria stands from the bench and continues, "Come, my dear."
 


###chapter 3
Lisa's POV

 I wasn't crying when Mason and his wife appeared before me.
 "I would like to introduce my wife, Maria Mancini, signorina Saunders," I heard Mason say.
 I greeted the elegant woman as she sat next to me.
 "Mason told me about your sister."
Maria begins to talk to me.
 "I'm glad to hear you're not crying anymore. Who is the surgeon who will do the operation? "
 "Doctor Esposito would have operated, Mrs. Mancini." I told her softly, while tears slowly rolled down my cheeks, "But there will be no operation. It would be better to expect it and not keep hoping for a miracle that will never happen." Sadness overwhelms me, and I start sobbing softly.
 "What is the miracle you were hoping for, dear?"
 I heard Mason's voice after a few seconds between sobs. I wiped my tears and said, "There is no specific miracle. I hoped I would find the money somewhere to pay for the operation. But there is no one in South Africa I can call for help. "
 "Don't you have a fiancé or family who can assist you, dear?" Maria asked me, worried.
 "I only have my grandfather left; he's a pensioner, and I don't have a fiancé," I said.
 "I was so busy completing my examinations to become a lawyer that I didn't have time for relationships. Last year, I had to stop my studies to look after Lilani full-time after the death of our parents and started working as a receptionist at a law firm; even then, I ignored men. I have no one but her. "
 There is a brief silence. "I was just thinking of a solution that could benefit both of us, dear. Suppose you make Italy your new home. My grandson is blind after an accident. His fiancé left him after we took care of most of the family business. I hired nurses to help him, but they are so annoying and clingy that I get rid of them faster than we can hire them. They only want my grandsons' money. Tell me, what is your sister's name, the hospital where she's at, and the doctor treating her?"
 I looked at the older woman and then provided all these details.
 "I'll contact you this afternoon, dear. Don't worry about the operation anymore." Maria said, standing up.
 "Goodbye then, my dear. I will call you later, so be ready to meet my grandson." The older woman said,
 "Goodbye, Mrs. Mancini." I greeted her and walked toward the hospital, thinking about what she had in mind.
 
 
Lisa's POV
I wondered what it could be. Maria mentioned something about hiring and then firing nurses. I hope they know I'm not qualified to be a nurse. I'm so lost in my thoughts that I've forgotten everything around me.
As I stepped into the hospital's main entrance, I realized how lost I was in my thoughts.
I looked at my watch and discovered there was still time for me to visit Lilani.
A nurse greets me, "Buongiorno, Signorina." I nod, wave, and go to my sister.
I entered the room and felt happy at the sight in front of me.
I walked closer to Lilani, said, "I'm so glad you're awake," and kissed her on the head.
A faint smile appeared on Lilani's lips.
She hugged me and replied, "There was a doctor here with me. He said they needed to heal my brain, but I told him I didn't want to be here. I want to be with you. "
"I know, Lily; I also want you to be with me, but first, we have to get you better so that you don't get headaches anymore," I said.
"Promise me that as soon as I'm stronger, I can leave with you," Lilani asked me.
"I promise, as soon as you are better, you can come home with me; I will buy you a big ice cream. How does that sound?"
Lilani pretended to think for a while, then smiled. "Yippee, I will do everything the doctor orders me to do, but I want a pink ice cream with lots and lots of sprinkles," Lilani said.
"So let's get you healthy again. I miss your chatter and bossiness."
I sat on the chair and told Lilani about meeting two sweet older people.
"When I leave the ward, I will contact Grandpa to let him know."
I noticed Lilani closing her eyes. She must be in a lot of pain. Just then, a nurse enters the room and gives Lilani an injection that helps her fall asleep.
I stand up, kiss my sister on the head, and then leave the hospital.
Masons POV
"Where is that grandson of mine?" My wife asked as soon as we entered his home.
"In his office, Mrs. Mancini." The old housekeeper replied.
Maria takes my hand and drags me with her to Alessandro.
"Who dares?" I heard his voice but stopped when he heard, "Don't give me that tone, young man," Maria said to him in a stern voice.
"I came here to talk to you. No scratch that makes you do what I'm about to say."
Alessandro nods his head, and his bodyguard, Antonio, leaves.
"What can I do for your grandma?" Afraid, he asks her Oh boy, I would be frightened as well.
"I'm here to tell you, you are getting married," Maria said, shocking both my grandson and me.
"Grandma, I told you I'm not getting married. All women are gold diggers," Alessandro told Maria with an irritated voice.
"I don't care what you think now; shut up and listen to me!" She continued.
"I have met a young girl whose little sister is in trouble. I will help them in exchange for you two getting married," Maria said, surprising me each day.
I didn't see this one coming.
"Why can't we just help them without marriage?" Alessandro asked Maria.
"I would also love to know that," I thought.
"Because that way we can protect you from, as you call them, gold diggers. We will draw up a contract stating that after two years you can divorce."
Alessandro puts his head in his hand, and after a while, he says "What does she look like?"
"She's small, at least 5.6 if I can guess, slim with brown long hair, curly and almost a dark chocolate color, and she's got emerald green eyes." Maria described the young lady closing her eyes as if she were recalling her image.
"I admit she doesn't sound bad, but how can I marry someone I have never met before?" Alessandro asked.
"Easy, come with us later, and we will discuss everything with Lisa." Maria said with a grin.
"Fine, let me know what time, and I will be there to meet this wonderful woman you want me to marry." Alessandro finally agreed.
"Good boy, I know I made the right decision. You know you can never say no to your old Nonna." Maria laughs.
"See you later, Nonna." Alessandro dismissed us.
"Let's go to Leonardo and tell him to get a contract ready for us." Maria said once we were out of the office.
"You are one sly woman; do you realize that?" I asked, shaking my head.
"Someone must start to interfere with that stubborn grandchild of ours. Otherwise, I will never live to see him married."
We walked over to Leonardo, and Maria started discussing the contract.
"Don't worry, Nonna, I will be finished by lunchtime," Leonardo told her.
"Grazie figliolo." With that, Maria stands up and leaves.
After lunch, Maria calls Alessandro. "Tell Piero to get the car ready," I asked Antonio.
Lisa's POV
I was getting ready to visit my sister when there was a knock on the door. I open the door and am surprised to see the Mancinis here.
Mason greeted me first. "Hello, my dear. We came to discuss something with you." I noticed a gorgeous man standing next to Maria and realized it must be the grandson.
"Welcome; please come inside." I invited them.
I stare at the handsome guy in front of me. He is the most attractive man I have ever seen-tall, tanned, and with black hair. I can't see the color of his eyes because of the dark glasses he's wearing.
"Can I get you anything to drink?" I offered.
"O, that's alright, my dear. We showed up to introduce you to our grandson." Maria said, deciding on the offer.
"Alessandro, this young lady here is Lisa Saunders, and Lisa, this is my grandson, Alessandro Mancini." Mason introduced us.
"Pleased to meet you, Mr. Mancini." I acknowledge the introduction. He just nodded.
Rude man! I thought.
I looked at Maria and said, "We are here to discuss the proposal with you." I frowned, then asked, "Well, please tell me what this proposition of yours is."
"Dear, after we talked in the park this morning, I thought about your problem and came up with a solution that would benefit you and my grandson. I'm willing to pay the costs of your sister's surgery and take care of her for the rest of her life if you marry Alessandro and stand by him. "
I stared at the older woman in shock. I couldn't believe what I was hearing; then I heard, "I get that there is no love between the two of you and that you do not know each other. It won't matter because you will have plenty of time to do that. Think about this; then I will send Antonio tonight to pick you up at the hospital after visiting hours so that you can come and see me. I hope you realize your sister's life depends on this operation." Maria continued.
I must be pale by now. I can only look at the people in front of me.
"Don't tell me your decision now; please consider," Maria said after a while.
I nodded, then stood up with them. "I wish I would meet you tonight, my dear," Maria adds as she hugs me.
I lost my voice. "I will." That was all I could say.





###chapter 4
The Mancini's left and left me alone in my hotel room. "Are they crazy? Do they assume I'm out of my fucking mind?" I screamed, upset.
But no one can hear me. I needed to consider this offer. Lilani's life depends on my decision. I don't see myself marrying someone just for money.
Yes, he's fucking hot, but he seemed far too rude for my liking. I always hoped to marry a man who loved me and treated me with respect, like my parents did for twenty-seven years. Dammit! I may ask Lilani how she will feel about living here.
I got ready to visit Lilani. I chose skinny denim, a black off-the-shoulder blouse, and Adidas sneakers. I let my hair fall so that it rolled off my shoulders and decided to put on mascara and lip gloss. After this, I glance at myself in the mirror and leave.
Lilani was lying with her eyes closed, and I noticed her pain again when I appeared in the room. It breaks my heart to see Lilani suffer like this.
I don't care if I give my happiness or freedom up, but I'm doing this for her. I kissed Lilani's head, and she opened her eyes. "I can see you're in pain."
"Don't worry, one of these days you will be alright. I found someone willing to help you." Lilani looked at me, confused.
"How would you like to settle here in this beautiful country forever, Lilani?" I asked carefully.
"As long as I'm with you, I don't care where we live, Lisa," comes Lilani's reply.
"There's one more thing I must marry to save you."
"Does that mean they will take you away from me, Lisa?" She asked in a shaky voice.
"Oh, no, Lily, you will stay with him and me, and you get to go to school here," I reassured her.
"Alright," Lilani said with a small smile.
She begged me to tell her more about the friendly people and what I have been up to when I can't be with her. I informed her about everything I had done in Rome with Alessandro and his grandparents.
I looked at her and noticed that she was sleeping. I kiss her on the head and then leave the room. When I walked out, Dr. Rossi appeared in the doorway.
He greeted me and said, "Do you have a minute, Signorina? I want to discuss your sister's condition with you." I nodded and told him to continue.
"Have you already decided when the operation can be performed, Signorina Saunders?" Dr. Rossi asked me. "We can no longer keep her alive without it."
"I hope I will be able to give you a final answer tonight, Doctor," I promise.
"I will see you tonight, then." The doctor said and left.
I chose to walk to the hotel to clear my head. Once I reached the hotel, I decided to go to my room and get some information about Mancini.
Opening the browser, I search for Mancini, and soon there are pictures of them.
"Alessandro Mason Mancini, Italy's most handsome bachelor. It's claimed that the heartbreaker left a few days before he was about to get married to the famous Bianca Lombardi. Mancini was in an accident that left him blind, and Bianca couldn't deal with the news and broke the engagement. How and where the accident happened, we don't know. Rumors have it that Mancini is associated with the mafia. After his fiancé left him, he became even more ruthless and arrogant. A source close to the family says he doesn't allow anyone to visit him."
I read further and discovered he has a younger brother who's married to Sophia, as well as his grandparents.
His parents died in a plane crash when he was in his last year of college. I decided to lie down for a bit before I had to go to Mancini's.
There's a knock on the door, and I quickly get up. I opened the door and saw Mr. Mancini's bodyguard standing before it.
"I'm not ready yet. What should I wear?" I asked.
"The Mancini's are very focused on etiquette, Signorina; I would advise you to dress formally in the evening. I will wait for you at the entrance."
"I will get dressed as soon as possible, Mr." I glance at the middle-aged man.
"Bianchi!" I smiled. "Mr. Bianchi," I told him.
I chose a simple black evening gown, gold-colored high-heel sandals, and earrings to go with it. I take my perfume and put some on, then do light makeup. I pick up a scarf and set it around my shoulders, looking at myself in the mirror.
I locked the door and went to a waiting Antonio.
"I'm nervous as hell. Dammit, do I look alright?" Just as I was about to answer myself, Mr. Bianchi noticed me immediately when I stepped towards him. He walked towards me, made an elegant bow, and accompanied me to the black Mercedes-Benz EQ in front of the hotel.
Mr. Mancini's chauffeur waits in the car and opens my door. Mr. Bianchi climbs next to the driver; then, we drive towards Mancini's residence on Via Appia Antica.
I felt nervous for the first time since I thought about Maria's proposal. Will I fit in with them? I'm just an ordinary girl. What if I embarrass them? I was still wondering about this when we turned into a large gate with a long driveway and stopped in front of a three-story mansion.
Mr. Bianchi gets out of the car and opens the door for me. After this, he accompanies me to a private lounge where only special guests are allowed, and the Mancini's are already waiting for my arrival.
I'm so tense that I don't even notice the beautiful furniture and interior. I was just about to request that Mr. Bianchi take me back to the hotel when he paused in front of a closed door and knocked.
At Mr. Mancini's invitation, Mr. Bianchi pushed it open and led me inside. I enter, then inhale and stop.
This morning, it occurred to me that Alessandro is a very handsome man, but he stood in front of the small dining table, dressed in a dark suit. He looked attractive.
Alessandro says something in Italian to Mr. Bianchi and then leaves the room. "Good evening, my dear. Please come and stand here with us." Mrs. Mancini invites me.
I walked over to the old lady and greeted her warmly. "Can I get you some wine?" Mr. Mancini asks me
"Yes, thank you." I smiled at him.
"Sit down; dinner will be served any minute now."
I take a seat opposite Alessandro and become nervous. After some time, servants arrived with supper.
"How rich are these people?" I thought about it after the helpers gave us our meal.
Dinner went by when I heard Mrs. Mancini say, "Maria, the food was delicious. Will you please take the dishes, then let us be?" She asked one of the servants.
"Well, Miss Saunders. I hope you came with good news." Mrs. Mancini asked after everyone else disappeared.
"I decided yes. I need to give the doctors an answer tonight." I respond.
I noticed Alessandro tensing up after those words escaped my mouth.


###chapter 5
"I... I... Yes, I accept your proposal." I finally said
"Wonderful; I will make the arrangements for the wedding." Mrs. Mancini said with a smile.
"I'll have Professor Dorigo picked up by plane in the morning." Mr. Mancini tells me
"Alessandro, you will be married after tomorrow, my dear child." Mrs. Mancini says this to Alessandro, holding his hand.
"Lisa, dear, you will serve as his eyes and his protector. You don't have to worry about caring for him with a shower or dressing. He only has one man he trusts in that department, and that's his trusted bodyguard, Antonio." Mrs. Mancini assured me
"Alessandro will see that Lisa and her sister are well cared for." She continued talking.
"Piero, my driver, will take you to a famous fashion house tomorrow morning where you can go buy your wedding gown. I will inform the fashion company because your wedding dress should be the best. You must also give me the size of your finger. I must make sure that the family ring fits you". I heard Alessandro talk for the first time.
I get my promise ring off my finger and say, "I hope you don't have a big wedding in mind because I cannot speak a word of Italian, and I feel that such a thing would be inappropriate while my sister is in this condition. I'm not certain, so just have my promise ring." I informed him.
Alessandro held his hand out to me, and I placed the ring on it. He feels it between his fingers and tries to stick it to his finger, but it does not even go as far as the first lit.
"You have thin fingers, Lisa," I heard him say in surprise.
"Grandpa said. Your head reaches my shoulders. Anyway, don't worry about the marriage. We are getting married here in the garden of my mansion, and the only guests will be members of my family who live close enough to be on time for the wedding. After our marriage, I will arrange for someone to give you private lessons in Italian." Alessandro said.
I felt relieved. I thought there was going to be a big wedding. I looked over at Maria and saw her smiling at me and Alessandro's interaction.
"Lisa, dear, I forgot to give the contract to you," Maria said, passing me the contract.
I take the contract and glance through it before asking, "Will the wedding be in the morning or the afternoon?" I asked as I glanced at Alessandro curiously. His kindness doesn't go unnoticed, but he doesn't fool me.
That hard line around his mouth shows that he is the kind of man who will keep his wife under his thumb, lay down the laws, and talk only once. Fortunately, their marriage will only be in the name until he decides otherwise-a divorce.
"The wedding will take place tomorrow evening, and Piero will get you to the fashion house in the morning," Maria said.
After signing and handing over the contract to Maria, I nodded and asked for a pen. In response, she proposed that we celebrate the "partnership" with a glass of champagne.
After the second one, I announced it was time to leave if I wanted to visit my sister.
"Alright, dear. I will see you tomorrow. I'm coming with you to pick a gown." Maria happily announced to me.
"Antonio, ask Piero to take Miss Saunders to the hospital."
I hear Alessandro say:
"Thank you, Mr. Mancini, but I can hail a taxi." I declined politely.
"Please call me Alessandro; after all, we will be husband and wife tomorrow night. And as for the taxi, Piero can drop you off at the hospital." Alessandro explained.
"Alright then, thank you." I smiled and turned to follow Antonio after greeting the two older people.
I walk into Lilani's room, only to find her sleeping.
"Hey, Lily. I'm sorry I wasn't here early. I have some news to tell you, but I will do that when I visit you tomorrow. Love you." I said it sadly, then kissed her and headed back to the hotel.
Piero and Maria stopped in front of the hotel just after breakfast.
"Lisa, my dear, you look gorgeous." Maria greeted me.
I glanced down at my simple trouser suit and gold-colored sandals. "Thank you, Mrs. Mancini." I smiled.
"Nonsense, call me grandma, please." She smiles at me warmly.
I was absolutely amazed when I found out that they were not only providing me with a wedding dress but also summer attire. Moreover, all of these items need to be delivered to Alessandro's house later this afternoon. I have never in my life owned so many expensive dresses for one season. Three hours later, and we are done.
I asked Grandma if Piero could drop me off at the hospital.
"I will be ready by saying one, then Piero can pick me up by the hotel." I asked Grandma.
"Of course, dear. I will wait for you." Grandma replied.
Fortunately, Lilani was still awake when I appeared, and she was happy to see me.
"I was wondering if you forgot about me," she greeted me.
I kissed her on the head and apologized. "I'm sorry I'm late. I went to look at a wedding gown."
"Are you going to marry my prince now, Lisa?"
I smile at my sister. "Yes, I accepted the proposal, Lilani; he's getting another doctor to help with your surgery. We are getting married this evening at his mansion in the garden. He sent his driver to take me to the fashion house to look at my wedding dress and clothes for the rest of the summer. I think the bill is going to cost Alessandro a fortune."
I told her about everything that happened in the morning.
"So that must be the strange uncle who was here this morning, "Lilani tells me.
"He said he wants me to take some tests tomorrow. I don't know what test to do because I can't read Lisa". Lilani said, confused.
I laughed at her and then explained what the doctor meant. And I will be happy once the surgery is behind us and you are healthy again," I said, smiling.
"Neither can I; then I can go to school again and play with friends outside. Lisa, will Uncle Ali also allow me to stay with him?" Lilani asked sleepily.
"Of course, Lil, you're going to live with Alessandro and me," I reassured her.
Lilani closes her eyes, and after a while, she sleeps. I kissed her and went back to the hotel to pack.
###chapter 6

Lisa's POV




I have just finished packing our bags. In a few minutes, new life with Alessandro begins. I'm tired from all the work, but I can't even nap because Piero will be here any minute now. I just lay on the bed and thought about my marriage to Alessandro. He is so arrogant, bitter, and heartless. I wonder if he will ever be satisfied with my service. O, and his lifestyle, UGG, don't get me started.




Will I ever adapt to that lifestyle? I'm used to a simple life. Not this life with money and all the fancy Patsy stuff I saw last night. We have such different personalities and have nothing in common. We don't even speak the same language, for the love of all things good! Numerous questions flash through my mind, questions to which I can't get an answer. I am trying to understand why the wedding should occur so late in the evening. I can understand just as little why there are gold diggers in the world who want to make life difficult for others. Now that I think about it again, I realize I don't understand Mancini.




Piero's arrival at the hotel interrupts my busy mind; he's ready to take me to my future home. I look at my simple dress; maybe I should wear something fancy instead. Alessandro is blind, but the other people aren't blind. Oh, they can go to hell. I'm an ordinary person, not a rich man's daughter, and she won't pretend to be born rich. The porter took my suitcases to the car parked in front of the hotel while I went to pay the hotel bill. Afterward, I greeted the hotel manager and walked to the waiting car.




Alessandro's POV




When a car stops, I relax with my brother and sister-in-law on the front porch. "O my soul, what a beautiful girl! God must have taken his time creating her!" My sister-in-law whispers.




"Who are you talking about, Sophia?" I asked with a frown.




"I think it's your bride because she just got out of your car, Alessandro." My sister-in-law explains. I immediately stand up when I hear Lisa's footsteps approaching. I immediately recognized her by her perfume. I hold my hand out for Lisa, hoping she will take it. My brother and his wife don't know about the agreement. Then I felt a cold hand take mine.




"Allow me to introduce my sister-in-law Sofia and my brother Gabriele Mancini to you, Lisa." I then turn to my sister-in-law and say, "Lisa is the woman I'm marrying tonight. Her name is Lisa Saunders." Lisa greets them kindly. I was just about to invite her to sit down when I heard




"I don't think there's time for talking, guys; grandma has just arrived with the makeup artist," Sophia says before Lisa can sit down.




"Sophia, will you take Lisa to her room, please?" I ask before they think I'm not interested in my wife-to-be.




"It's not necessary, Alessandro. If you can tell me which room, I'm sure I will find it myself." Lisa objects. Just as I want to speak when Grandmother says




"Good to see you again, my dear. I assume you've already met Gabriel and Sophia? Let's get you ready. Alessandro, please go and get ready." I nod. I don't want to get married to a woman I have never seen before, but I can't say no to my grandmother. I hear Sophia talking to Lisa.




"I hope you don't care; I already put your wedding dress and everything that goes with it on your bed this morning," before they walk away.




"Come, big brother. I hear Gabriel say something beside me. "I can't believe you're finally getting married."




"If I were the one to marry her, I would have hidden her too." Gabriel continues.




"Let's go." It was all I said before I felt Gabriel lead me to my room.




Lisa's POV




"I assume you have already taken a shower; I will only help you get dressed; grandma hired a makeup artist and a hairdresser," I hear Sophia say.




"That's very kind of you, Mrs. Mancini." I forced a smile.




Sophia doesn't allow me to say more: "Since you're about to become my sister-in-law, Lisa, call me Sophia instead of Mrs. Mancini."




"Alright, I just have to get used to it," I tell her. "This is all new to me, and I don't know Alessandro that we'll yet." I continue. "Come, dear, let's get you ready, and from now on, you can call me grandma," Maria says as we enter a room. Suddenly, all the tension, worry, and nervousness that I experienced vanished. I couldn't help but be impressed by the luxury surrounding the room. The bed is a king-size with black and red bedding; there's a large flat-screen TV fixed to the wall; and on my right-hand side is a large walk-in wardrobe larger than my bedroom back in South Africa. The bathroom is large, with black tiles on the floor and walls. There's a Jacuzzi and even a small flat-screen TV; the shower is so big that four people can shower at once. I was still checking the room when Sophia said, "We have to get ready before the groom comes and takes you himself."




What should have been a happy day for me was a day full of worry and stress. The thought of my sister gives me the strength to push through with the wedding. Otherwise, I would have run away already. Finally, I'm dressed in my pure white wedding dress. The dress is shoulderless and has a low neck; at the bust, there are delicate beads and diamonds; her back is open, and then the dress flows past my feet. They let my hair loose, so my natural curls show, and my makeup is skillfully applied. The sled is so long that it looks like I'm dragging the red carpet behind me.




"Something new," Sophia said as she put a heart-shaped necklace around my neck, "Something old," Followed by a beautiful hairpin with white gold roses. "Something borrowed"




Sophia says as she puts a beautiful yet simple bracelet on my arm, "Then last but not least, something blue." Sophia helps set the garter around my leg.




"You are indeed the most beautiful bride I have ever seen, Lisa", I hear Maria say with admiration. "It is a pity that Alessandro cannot see you today; he will never know how beautiful you look today."




"Thank you very much, Grandma," I say with a sad smile. There was a knock on the door, and Sophia went to open it, "Are the bride ready?" I hear Gabriele asking.




"Yes, I'm ready, Gabriele; thank you very much," I answer as I walk to the door. Maria, Sophia, and I walk behind Gabriele to the back door leading to the garden. There, Gabriele leaves us to go to Alessandro.




"Are you ready, dear?" Maria asks as she takes me to Mason. "As I will ever be," I reply. We stop in front of Mason, "You look beautiful, Lisa. Thank you." He says.




"No, thank you." I give a small smile.




"Sophia, you can go in with me. "Grandpa will take her in," Maria says to Sophia. Mason took my arm and led me down the aisle. There is an audible whisper among the guests when Mason and I appear in the garden. We stroll with ease. Then we were with Alessandro and Gabriele. I take the arm Alessandro holds out for me and am suddenly aware of how beautiful Alessandro looks in his black suit.




Then I hear the priest say:




"We are gathered here today to unite this man, Alessandro Mancini, and this woman, Lisa Saunders, in the bonds of matrimony.




Alessandro, do you take Lisa to be your lawfully wedded wife?"




"I DO," Alessandro says in an irritated voice.




Lisa, do you take Alessandro to be your lawfully wedded husband?"




"I DO," I say sadly, knowing I'm this man's wife after today.




"By the power vested in me by the State of Vatican City State, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride." As soon as I hear this, my heart beats fast. What will Alessandro do? Will he kiss me in front of everyone?



















###chapter 7
Before I know what's happening, Alessandro pulls me to him and kisses me on her cheeks-the freaking cheeks! "Wait, why am I upset about it?"I thought the sound of applause and whispers from the guest brought me back. Alessandro let go of me and turned toward the guests.
Hand in hand, we walk to the tent where the reception is being held. The guests throw colored confetti as we walk into the tent. I see a wedding ring set made of two blue diamonds. I must admit it's beautiful, but something tells me this is a family ring. I didn't notice the ring on my hand until I heard, "I have never met a woman with such small hands," Alessandro said.
Once we are alone, I will give the ring back to him. The family comes to congratulate us, and some reporters take photos. Then I hear Gabriele announce, "Will the bride and groom please step to the dance floor?" Ed Sheeran's "Thinking Out Loud" starts playing, and Alessandro and I walk to the dance floor. I started to feel nervous about being so close to this handsome man. It seems to me that Alessandro cannot wait for the dance to finish. After this, everyone sits down for a festive meal. Champagne flows freely, but I only drink one glass, and I notice that Alessandro is doing the same. I wonder if he will go to the hospital with me. "Wait, what are you thinking, Lisa? Of course he will not".I remind myself. The guests left a few hours after dinner; everyone made arrangements to leave except Alessandro's brother and sister-in-law, whom he had invited to visit for a few days. After the guests leave, I excuse myself to change.
But then I suddenly hear Alessandro say, "I want to feel what you look like before you go, Lisa, if you don't mind." He gets up from the couch and continues, "Please come stand in front of me. Even though I have no eyes to see you, my fingers can tell me just as much ". Alessandro first feels over my face and hair with his fingers; then it feels like his hand gently caresses my shoulders, arms, waist, and hips. I feel a hot blush push up against my cheeks. Then I heard him say again, "You are indeed a beautiful bride." Alessandro let his hands fall to his side and continued softly, "You can change now, Lisa. I'll go to the hospital with you tonight." Lisa takes his arm and says softly, "Let me just help you sit down first, then I'll get dressed." I told him and helped him sit down. Then I quickly left them and went to my room.
It still feels like a dream when I dress in my new black vintage scoop neck casual dress and the black pumps I bought at the fashion house yesterday, hang a beautiful diamond infinity necklace around my neck, and wear gold earrings to complete the outfit. I suddenly remembered the diamond ring on my finger and returned it to Alessandro. I walk back to where I left Alessandro. "May I please talk to you for a moment, Alessandro?" I asked him. "Yes, come sit next to me and tell me what you want to talk to me about, Lisa." He says. She carefully takes a seat next to him. "I would like to... I mean, I want to give your ring back to you. I realize it is a family ring."
"You are right," he rudely interrupts. "It's the family ring with which every Mancini heir usually becomes engaged. My grandmother wants you to wear it." He says it in a cold voice. I don't know why I suddenly felt a sting after he said those words. "What time do you want to visit your sister?" He changed the subject.
"I think we better go now; otherwise, I won't be able to see her after visiting hours," I say. "Alright" was all he said when he stood up. I suddenly realize how tall a big-built man he is, And the suit shows his muscles under all the clothes. His shiny black hair is neatly combed back, and his gorgeous face is expressionless. I took his arm and led him to the car. On the way to the hospital, it is quiet in the car.
Piero stops in front of the hospital and helps Alessandro out of the car. "You can wait for us here in the car, Piero." He addresses his driver in Italian. "Mrs. Mancini will assist me further." I have no idea what he just said, but it sounds sexy. I took Alessandro's arm and carefully led him inside. It didn't take long to reach Lilani's room. Lilani was still awake when we entered the room. "Lilly, I would like to introduce Alessandro Mancini to you," I say in English. I'm glad that Lilani learned to speak English early, so I don't have to translate everything for Alessandro. "This is my sister Lilani Saunders, Alessandro."
Alessandro greets Lilani, and I help him sit on the chair beside the bed. I then bent down and kissed her on the head. "Are you ready for the operation tomorrow, little one? As soon as you leave the hospital, I will arrange for a nurse to look after you at your new home until you have recovered." A shy smile appears on Lilani's lips as she says, "Am I going to stay with you, uncle? My sister says it's a big house; it looks almost like a castle. Are there any fairies in your garden? Do I get my room? " Lilani rattles on. Alessandro kindly replies. I can't believe how this man suddenly turned ninety degrees in personality. "Yes, you will stay with us; my house is probably as big as a castle. And I do not know if there are fairies; maybe you can find out for us as soon as you are healthy? And to answer your last question, yes, you get a room with a bathroom. " Alessandro says it very calmly.
Lilani thanked him kindly. "You just got married? Did you look like a princess to your prince, Lisa? Oh, and was there cake? I wish I were there." She says it dreamily. I can only smile at her innocence. "Yes, the people say your sister looked beautiful; I will get a cake as soon as you get out of the hospital, then you can celebrate it with us," Alessandro says, friendly. Lilani smiles and closes her eyes; very soon, she falls asleep. I sigh and say, Worried.
"She seems to be asleep. I think our visit and the excitement have exhausted her."
"In that case, we should rather leave so that she can rest." Alessandro softly says, I kiss my sister gently on the head, then takes Alessandro's arm and leads him to the car. On the way to the mansion, both of us were quiet.
Upon our return home, Alessandro immediately disappears to his study, where he handles most of his business by telephone during the day. I sigh and walk around the house until I see Grandma. "O, hey dear. Come sit here next to me. How's your sister doing?" She asks. "Alright, I guess," I reply sadly. "I hope it goes much better with your sister after the operation tomorrow, Lisa," Grandma says. "Alessandro is all Gabriele has left, except for Mason and me. Their parents died early. Alessandro was in his last year at university, and Gabriele was in his last year of school. Alessandro then had to take over the family business and care for Gabriele. Alessandro is not one of the friendliest people today. He never talks about himself anymore. Grandpa and I tried to be there for them. But a child still needs his or her parents, no matter how old they are. You see, that's why I asked you to marry him. After his fiancé left him, he became more and more heartless." Grandma explains with sadness.
I look at Grandma and nod. "It's true," I softly say. "He's not a friendly person. He must be careful; one of these days, he will become an old grumpy man." Grandma laughs softly and then says, "Alessandro was not always so unfriendly, Lisa. His former fiancé, Bianca Lombardi's heartlessness, made him so bitter. He will later realize that not all women are like Bianca. I fear that it would be too late to compensate for all the damage he had done".
"Yes, I have to notice that he doesn't even trust people who are sincerely kind to him," Lisa says. Grandma nods. "You're right. My grandson is nobody's friend at the moment. He's under the impression that people are only friends with him because he's rich. That's why the family is not keen on coming to visit. His brother visits him whenever he can, and me and grandpa, well, I make sure that knucklehead doesn't push us away, but maybe you're just what he needs to get back to his old self."
"I wonder if I'm going to be strong enough to do it," I say truthfully. "He's so... Arrogant?" We chat for a while longer when Grandma announces that she will make some tea and then head to bed. We went to the kitchen and found Alessandro and Gabriel eating ice cream. "I see you boys haven't changed one bit." Grandma scolds them. "It's his fault, granny," Gabriel says, pointing to Alessandro. "Lisa, dear, do you want coffee or tea?" Grandma asks me. "Coffee would be great; thank you, Grandma," I reply. I take this opportunity to study Alessandro when he suddenly says, "Your sister will be operated on at six tomorrow morning, Lisa. If you're at the hospital at five, you can probably still see her before she goes to the theater. " Alessandro said. "Thank you, Alessandro," I reply.
Grandma hands me my coffee, and I sit down on one of the chairs. Gabriel and Alessandro talk about their childhood and what they did to Grandpa. After a while, I excused myself. "I will ask the housekeeper to make sure you wake up on time tomorrow morning, Lisa," Alessandro assures me. "I think you need a good night's rest after your busy day," Grandma says. I wish everyone a good night's rest and leave the room. I remembered that today was my wedding day when I climbed into bed. I was supposed to be on my honeymoon with my husband, but sadly, this isn't a normal marriage. I turn the lights off, still thinking about the arrogant man.

###chapter 8


Lisa's POV
Alessandro kept his word because the following morning, one of the maids woke me up in time to take a quick shower. I quickly got dressed and had breakfast before going to the hospital.
Everyone but the servants was still asleep when I left the mansion. I wanted to ask Piero if he could take me to the hospital, but the housekeepers didn't understand a word of English, and I couldn't speak Italian. I decide to take the bus and quickly walk out of the gates. I sit here waiting for the next bus. At this rate, I'm going to be late. Almost an hour later, a bus stops. When I arrived at the hospital, I quickly went to Lilani's room, only to find the bed empty.
"I should have to wake someone up to take me to the hospital." I think, sadly.
Turning around, I walked to the waiting area. As I flip through a magazine, I constantly think about Lilani, who is in theater now.
"Please, God, please heal my sister." I begin to pray silently.
Alessandro's POV
"Can someone tell me how Lisa got to the hospital this morning?" Grandma asks.
"I told her yesterday that Piero would take her," I told her in a stern voice. Why should I care?
But Grandma isn't scared of me and continues, "I don't think Piero took her, Alessandro, because she can't speak Italian to have asked him to take her."
Well, maybe she took the bus," Gabriele says.
"Then she would have been too late to see her sister." Sophia says.
"It would be her own fault if she was too late to see her sister." I say it harder than I intend to.
"She could've woken one of us," I continue, looking at Sophia.
"She wouldn't do that because we are still strangers to Lisa," Grandma shouts.
"I wonder if she ever made it to the hospital? How well does she know the city?" Gabriele wonders out loud.
Shit! I forgot that she couldn't speak or understand Italian.
"I will go there myself," I hear Grandma say.
"I think Alessandro must go and support his wife in her time of need." Sophia suddenly speaks.
"Then why are you not supporting her, Sophia? No one is stopping you from doing that," I say sharply.
"I'm sure your wife would appreciate it more if you supported her in her time of need, Alessandro; it seems like you don't care about her," Sophia says disapprovingly.
"I think you should rather leave now." I warn her in a cold voice.
"That's enough! Alessandro, I won't tolerate you talking this way. Sophia is right; you should be there supporting your wife," Grandpa shouts. I think this was the first time I heard him yell like that.
"Antonio asks Piero to get the car ready," I instruct. I knew if I continued to argue with them, Sophia and my brother would know something was wrong with my marriage.
"Nonna, you can come with me." I added, not wanting to be alone with my so-called wife. I'm not even married for a whole day, and she's already causing so much chaos in my house.
"Mr. Mancini, Piero is waiting at the front." I hear Antonio say:
"Thank you, Antonio. Grandpa will take me to the car. You and Leonardo can start with some paperwork, and I will attend to the important matters as soon as I'm back." I quickly dismissed him.
"Sì, signor Mancini." I felt Grandpa take my arm and lead me to the waiting car.
"Son, you should learn to act in front of others because they will surely sense that something is wrong with your marriage." I hear my grandmother scold me.
"I will try, Nonna," was all I could say. The drive feels so long when we finally arrive at the hospital. Grandpa helps me out, and together we walk inside.
I assume we found my wife when I hear Grandma say, "Is there any news about your sister yet, Lisa?"
"Nothing yet; they've been in the theater for almost five hours," I hear her say sadly. Just as we were about to take a seat, I heard a male voice ask, "Mrs. Mancini, the operation was a success. We are keeping your sister under anesthesia for a few days to recover quicker so that her body doesn't have to endure so much pain; you can visit her as soon as she is back in her room". They must be done with the operation.


###chapter 9
"Thank you so much, Dr. Dorigo." I hear Lisa say
I was startled by my Grandma's sudden outburst, "Lisa!" Dammit, what happened now? I wonder.
"I will take her to the next room." I hear the doctor saying it again. Suddenly I have this urge to walk over and tell him she's my wife and I will take care of her myself.
"Come, son. Lisa just fainted." Grandpa informs me. As we walk into the room, I assume Lisa is lying in bed. I listen as my grandma asks, "How is she doing, Dr?" 
"Mrs. Mancini was under so much stress that her body couldn't handle all the stress. She will be fine; she must take it easy and not overstress herself." I try to move forward, but I don't want Grandpa to think I'm worried about my wife.
"Thank you, Dr." Grandpa kindly thanked the doctor, and I guess he left since there was silence after that.
"O, Lisa, my dear child. How are you feeling?" I hear Grandma ask after a few minutes.
"I'm fine; thank you, Grandma. Can I see my sister now?" I can hear the voice of Lisa. She sounds tired.
"Yes, we will take you to her. Come on; I'll help you." Grandma says it softly, like she's talking to a little child. Grandpa and I followed them to where Lisa's little sister was. I wish we could go home. I had so much work to do, but I had to accompany them.
"Hello, sis. The operation was a success. You fought hard. I'm so proud of you. I am sorry I wasn't here in time to see you this morning before the operation." Lisa said, and it sounded like she was crying. I wonder why I have this urge to hug her; maybe it's because of Lilani.
"Here are some people I would like to introduce to you," I hear her say again.
"Lilly, this is Grandma and Grandpa. Alessandro is here as well." Grandma, grandpa, this is my sister Lilani." Lisa introduces them to her sister, even though she can't hear Lisa.
"Hey, Lilani, I'm glad you fought so hard during the operation; your sister is worried about you. As soon as you get stronger, the three of us will go shopping together," Grandma says kindly. I know how much she likes children. After sitting with Lilani for a while, Grandma asks Lisa if she has eaten anything today.
After a moment of silence, she finally responds, "I only had a light breakfast this morning. My mind was so consumed with worry about Lilani that I completely forgot to eat or drink anything."
"I know a nice little restaurant nearby," I hear Grandma say again. Grandma? Can't we leave? We did our part. I thought. "We'll go to a small restaurant near the hospital."
"I am sorry that no one was here by your side during the operation, Lisa," Grandma says with guilt. I don't know why she was feeling guilty; it's not like we did something wrong.
"It's okay, Grandma; you shouldn't feel guilty about it. Besides, I am still a stranger to you", Lisa assures her.
"Still, it was rude and unkind of us," Grandma keeps on apologizing. We all chatted for a while longer, and then Grandpa asked for the bill. As soon as Grandpa paid the bill, we headed back to the hospital.
We were walking into Lilani's room when Dr. Derigo asked Lisa if he could talk to her about everything that would happen as soon as Lilani woke up.
"It's okay, DR; you can talk in front of them. They are family". 
"We will start waking her up in the next three days, after which she will be here for another six days so that we can keep an eye on her. She will then have radiology once a week for at least six months". Dr. Derigo explains.
"The biopsy result will be here in a few days; I will let you know as soon as I get it." The Doctor says it again.
"Thank you so much, Doctor Rossi; thank you for saving my sister's life," Lisa says sincerely to the specialist.
"Alright then, I will see you soon." The doctor says I just scoffed at his overly friendly attitude toward Lisa.
Lisa, dear, we will leave now if you want to come with us." I finally heard Grandma say
"I think I will stay a while longer, Grandma, but thank you," Lisa tells Grandma. I wonder if she's staying because of the doctor. Well, not that I care what she does. I just married her to save her sister and have someone care for me.
"Alright, dear. I will see you later." Grandma says so, and we finally leave.
"Has Lisa returned from the hospital?" I heard Grandma asking and almost rolled my eyes.
"Mrs. Mancini is not home yet, Mrs. Mancini." The housekeeper says 
Mmm... this is interesting; maybe she went with the doctor.
"Leonardo, please phone the hospital and ask if my wife is still there." I asked Leonardo. I'm pissed off that she didn't inform us that she would be home late.
"Buonasera, Good evening, I just want to know if Mrs. Mancini is still at the hospital," I hear Leonardo ask the person.
"Grazie," Leonardo says after a few seconds.
"Mrs. Mancini left the hospital two hours ago after she visited her sister, Mr. Mancini," I hear Leonardo say.
"Then she should be home by now!" I angrily yelled.
"She may have caught a bus," I hear Sophia say. "Then she should have been here already." I immediately corrected her. I'm beginning to regret marrying this fucking woman. They are all the same! She's probably out there having a great time with the doctor.
"Lisa, Piccina!" Sophia suddenly screams, gaining my full attention.
"What happened? You are pale." and I rudely interrupted her before she could finish her sentence.
"Let her first tell us where she's been all along and why she just got here." My cold voice suddenly cut through the room.
"Now is not the time for your rude behavior, Alessandro. Lisa looks really sick!" Sophia scolds me. How dare she talk back to me! I'm mad now! No one talks to me that way!
"If Lisa needs medical help, I'll call a doctor. But I cannot see how she only shows up now! She left the hospital two hours ago! Or did she meet up with the doctor?" I angrily yelled.
"I'm waiting for your answer, Lisa!" I yell again after I don't get an answer.
"Lisa! Quick, someone needs to summon a doctor!" Grandpa shouts. What the hell is happening now? It looks like she loves attention.
"I will take her to her room." I heard Gabriel's offer.
"I will wait for the doctor; honey, you can go with Gabriel." My grandpa says to Grandma:
"Alessandro Mason Mancini! You are one heartless bastard! You don't love your wife, do you?" I suddenly heard Sophia yell like a madwoman.
"Sophia!" Gabriel's voice comes from behind.
"Come with me." He tells Sophia. I hear them walk away and ask Antonio to take me to my office. I think about what Sophia said about not loving Lisa; how can I love a woman I just met? I don't do love anymore! I don't believe in the word love!
"Good evening, doctor. Come through this way." I hear Grandpa talk. After what felt like forever, I suddenly heard footsteps approaching me.
"Mr. Mancini, can I have a word, please?" The doctor asks me and I nod, and he continues, "It seems like your wife was attacked; I saw bruises on her body, and it looks like she fell. I think all the tension of today's events was too much for her, especially after someone wanted to hurt her." The doctor explains.
"Thank you, Dr. Rossi. Are the injuries she sustained serious? Did someone sexually assault her?" I suddenly asked worriedly.
"As far as I can see, they did not sexually assault her; just a few bruised ribs from kicking, which will heal as long as she rests for a few days, and a bruise on her head, which may be from the fall. She may have terrifying nightmares. I will prescribe some pain medicine and help her sleep. I suggest you find out what exactly happened; Mr. Mancini, the person responsible, is still out there," the doctor says. I want to kick myself because I didn't give Lisa a chance to explain. I'm furious because she had to take the bus back home.
I was interrupted when Gabriele burst through my office door. "Who do you think could have done this to her? I wonder how such a small girl could have escaped her attacker." I hear Gabriele asking anxiously.
"I want you and Antonio to find out who did this to my wife and bring the bastard to me; when I'm finished with him, he will wish he never met my wife," I say, balling my fist at my side.
###chapter 10

Alessandro's POV

Gabriele, Antonio, and I worked all night to find out who was responsible for the assault on Lisa. After three in the morning, Gabriele says he will call it a night and that it's better to continue the following day after we get some sleep. "He's right, Mr. Mancini. Let's sleep, and then we can investigate further tomorrow." Antonio tells me, but I didn't think it was a good idea. I was not convinced until Antonio persuaded me otherwise: "Alright, let's go to bed; we will continue this investigation first thing in the morning." I dismissed everyone. Antonio takes me up to my room after I said goodnight to Gabriele.
I was lying awake thinking how I could've prevented all of this had I just listened to Nonna, but my pride got in the way. Look where my arrogant attitude got her. Dammit, I should have asked Piero to return to the hospital to fetch my wife. What if something terrible had happened? What would I have told Lilani? My thoughts were interrupted by someone screaming. I quickly got up and felt my way to the door. The sound of crying became clear when I was in the hallway.
I go to Lisa's room, open her door, and feel my way to her bed.
Lisa was having a nightmare, probably about the attack; I lightly shook her. "Wake up, Lisa; it's just a bad dream," I said softly.

Lisa's POV

My eyes shot open once I felt someone shaking me. I realize it's Alessandro and start crying, holding on to him as if my life depends on it. "He... um... he was in the... uh... room..." I cried out. "Shh, Piccina, there is no one in the room; shh, you just had a bad dream", Alessandro comforts me. When I'm finally calmed down, I look up at Alessandro, embarrassed. "I am sorry for waking you up; your shirt is wet and full of snot." Alessandro holds me a while longer before saying, "Do you feel better now? Must I ask someone to get you something?"
"No, thank you. I think I will be alright now; sorry for waking you up." I softly say I'm still feeling embarrassed, but luckily Alessandro can't see me. "Alright then, if you are going to be okay, I will head back to bed, but in the morning, I want to hear everything that happened, Si." Alessandro says, and I nod. Lisa, he is blind; he can't see you! I scolded myself. "Yes," I softly reply.
"I will help you back to bed," I quickly offered. When Alessandro doesn't protest and instead holds out his hand, I take it and lead him back. Once in his room, as I was about to help him into bed, Alessandro lost his balance and landed on top of me on the bed. With our faces touching each other, I hold my breath, and my heart beats fast. This is the closest I have ever been to him, and I feel strangely excited about our position. Even though it hurts, I can smell his minty breath on my face, and I can feel his upper body pressed against my breasts, which is causing my nipples to become hard. Suddenly, I tried to get out from under him, but he just lay there, pinning me with his body. Then I hear Alessandro whisper huskily, "You should stop doing that, or you're going to make a certain member of my body wake up." His words caused my actions to immediately stop. I lay still, not moving an inch. Then he chuckles and stands up. "Thank you, Lisa; you should go now; we will talk in the morning," Alessandro says. I quickly get off the bed and make a run for my bedroom. Once inside, I fell to the bed and winched. I completely forgot about my bruised body, then whispered, "What the hell just happened?" After our encounter, I couldn't go back to sleep; I just played the scene repeatedly in my head.
After what seemed like forever, I finally drifted back to sleep, dreaming of Alessandro.
The following day, when I woke up, I still felt tired. I quickly went to the bathroom, did my business, and showered. I walk to my closet and can't decide what to wear. Finally, I decided on skinny white denim, a turquoise spaghetti strap flare shirt, and my Vans. I apply eyeliner and mascara, seeing how I don't like wearing too much makeup. I let my hair fall loose with its natural curls. I look in the mirror and head to the dining room. Just as I walk in, I hear Sophia whistle, "Dam, girl, you look hot." I blush at the remark and sit beside Alessandro.

Alessandro's POV

I immediately recognized her vanilla and honey scent. Last night, I had to restrain myself when I was on top of her. I could feel her breasts pressed against my chest, and the fact that she smelled so good did not help either. I wanted to take her there, and then, as soon as she left, I went to the shower because a cold shower would calm my excited member. Now I have to sit next to her again; this will be one hell of a day for me. Wait, I can't feel like this; I can't think of her that way, and I sure as hell can't fall in love with her. My heart only belongs to Bianca. "Alessandro, are you listening?" Gabriele's voice brings me back out of my thoughts.
"I... um... what did you say?" I ask stuttering. "I said Detective Guido would be here just after breakfast to talk to Lisa," Gabriele said again. "When he's here, send him and Lisa to my office," I tell him.
Soon after breakfast, Antonio announces Detective Guido's arrival. Once inside, the detective greeted us and began asking us questions. Lisa tries not to cry as she tells him about the attack. "I was sitting on the bench waiting for the next bus when a tall man with dirty blond hair walked up to me; he came and stood in front of me trying to make a conversation." Lisa took a big breath and continued, "I asked him just to leave me alone because I am a married woman. He then began to make remarks about how stupid my husband is for letting me stay out late, saying that my husband wouldn't mind sharing me. I started shifting up so that I could escape; when he got closer, I jumped up and started to run," She took another big breath. "He chased me and eventually caught up with me; he grabbed me by my neck and threw me against a wall, then he started kicking me and yelled at me being stupid. Then, bent down and wanting to rip my shirt apart, I suddenly realized that if I didn't fight back, this man was going to rape me. I bit hard on his hand, and when he was off me, I got up and kicked him in between his legs, and then I made a run for it while he was still lying on the floor. I think he tried to follow me. I saw a dumpster and hid inside. I don't know how long I was in there, but after a while, I got the courage to climb out. I made sure the coast was clear. I started walking, and that's when I realized I was lost. I don't know how I found my way home." Lisa sobs after recounting the events of last night.
Detective Guido asked Lisa if she could identify the man. Lisa replies with a small "Yes." I was silent the whole time. I could hear she was trying hard not to break down; I'm sure my knuckles turn white as I make a fist. I swear if I get this guy, I will make him pay for what he did. The detective got the man's description and told me he would be in touch. With that, he left.



###chapter 11
Lisa's POV

Alessandro remained silent for a moment before finally uttering, "I will accompany you to visit your sister." Just as I was about to interject, Gabriele entered the room. "Apologies for the interruption, but I have an urgent matter to discuss with my brother," he stated, intentionally avoiding eye contact with me. I nodded and left the office. I encounter Sophia as I make my way upstairs. "How are you feeling, Lisa?" Sophia asks, her voice filled with concern. "I'm fine; I just got a headache from lack of sleep, probably," I softly reply. I look at Sophia and see that she is about to go out when I notice her bag. "I will let you be; I see you're going out," I say. "Oh, No, I just got back from the store but forgot something in the car," Sophia says with a blush. "Why are you blushing like that?" I started to tease. Sophia smiles and drags me to my room. "Okay, what I am about to tell you is not to leave this room, pinky promise"? I smile at my sister-in-law's childish behavior but hold my pinky out and say, "Pinky promise."
Sophia happily explains, "You know; it's kind of like this: I haven't had my period for nearly two months. I completely forgot about it until about a week ago, when I began experiencing morning sickness. At first, I thought it was merely a stomach bug, but the symptoms persisted. That's why I decided to go to the store and purchase a pregnancy test." Oh, My word, what are you waiting for? Go and get the sticks so that you can find out!" I excitedly told her. Sophia quickly went down to the car to get the bag. With a soft knock on my door, Sophia enters. "Can you be with me when I do it, please?" She asks me and I can tell that she is nervous. "Of course, come here is the bathroom." The two of us went inside and locked the door. Sophia takes the pregnancy test and puts it on the counter. "Okay, we have to wait five minutes," Sophia says. We were waiting for the results when I asked, "How long have you and Gabriele been together?" With a smile, Sophia answers, "We've known each other since we were children; back then, he was the mischievous boy who would always take my candy and make me cry. Our parents were the closest of friends. It wasn't until high school that our true emotions for one another became clear. I didn't do anything at first, but I became jealous when other girls started to flirt with him, and he flirted back while looking my way. He made sure I was the first to express my feelings. One day, the popular girl in school boldly approached him and passionately kissed him. That's when I couldn't contain my emotions and instinctively pulled her away from him. And then, in a surprising twist, I did something that caught us all off guard - I kissed him right in front of everyone. Since that unforgettable moment, we have been inseparable. Now, we are happily married, celebrating two blissful years together," Sophia says, her smile radiating with joy. Sophia asked me to take a look at the test because she was too scared; I took the test off the counter and said, "There are two lines; congratulations, Sophia!" Sophia begins to cry out of happiness. "I can't wait to tell Gabriele. I have to do something special," Sophia says excitedly.
Sophia thanked me for my support and went to organize a dinner for them. I started to get ready to go to the hospital, and when I went down, Alessandro was already waiting for me. We walk to the car, where Piero waits for us. The car ride is very quiet. No one says a word. Until Alessandro says, "Detective Guido wants to know if you are willing to go to the station and look at possible suspects?" My heart beats fast when I answer with fear in my voice, "Yes, when must I go?"
"As soon as we are done at the hospital," Alessandro tells me. We arrived at the hospital and made our way to Lilani's room. I kissed her gently on the head. "Hey, sis, I hope you are doing well; I can't wait to talk to you again," I tell her. I took Alessandro and led him to my sister's side. "Hello, Principi. I am glad to see you fought during the operation, and hopefully, you will recover very soon. Your sister and I are going to get your room ready for when you come home, and as soon as you get out, there's going to be a cake for you like I promised you the other day. Get well soon, Pincipi," Alessandro said, surprising me with his kindness towards my sister. I can't believe this is the same man I had to deal with the past few days. "Wow, who are you, and what have you done with Alessandro?" I thought. We spent some more time with Lilani until Alessandro said it was time to go to the station. I quickly kissed her softly, and we walked out. 
On the way to the police station, I silently began to panic. How am I going to get through this alone? I'm afraid he will hurt me again when he sees me. While considering all the potential outcomes, Alessandro reaches out and gently places his hand on my trembling one, assuring me, "I'll be right by your side, Lisa. If he's there, stay calm because he can't harm you. I promise." I squeeze his hand and I answer worriedly, "I am just scared; what if he's not there and still out there somewhere?"
"Let's wait until we find out if he's there; for now, that's all that matters," Alessandro says calmly. We stop in front of the station; Alessandro gets out and holds his hand to me; I take his waiting hand and lead us inside.
Detective Guido walks up to us and asks us to follow him. My heartbeat increased, and sweat began to form on my forehead. Alessandro squeezed my hand, trying to calm me. Once inside a dark room, Guido says, "I am going to show you five men; you can take your time; if you see him, just nod and say which number. Don't worry; he won't be able to see you. Are you ready?" I managed to reply with a small "Yes." Then there's a light on the other side of the window, where five men are lined up. I walk forward and look at the men. I suddenly became pale; as I looked at my attacker, I pointed to the tall, dirty blonde hair with a scar across his left eye. "That's him," I said in a small voice. Alessandro walks up to me and holds me in his arms. "You did great, Lisa," Alessandro assures me. Detective Guido tells his men to take him away. "Thank you, Lisa; you just helped us put a serial rapist behind bars." The detective happily says. I nod and ask if I can go. All of this walking is making my ribs hurt. I asked Alessandro if we could go home. I wanted to rest for a while, seeing that I was in pain. "You should have never gotten out of bed this morning, Lisa; your ribs must heal first, and today's events aren't helping either." Alessandro scolds.
"I was fine this morning; I just had a little pain when I moved, but otherwise I was fine," I tried to argue. "When we get home, you're going straight to your room and rest; I will send Maria with some painkillers," Alessandro says sternly. I sigh and keep quiet knowing that I won't win this argument.
As soon as we arrive home, Alessandro asks Maria to get painkillers for me. "Go and take a rest. I have some work to do." Alessandro informs me. "Thank you." It was all I could say before he left. I returned to my room and was under the covers when Grandma entered. "How are you feeling, dear? Maria tells me Alessandro asked to give you some painkillers." Grandma says as she hands me the painkillers. "I'm alright, thank you. Just a little pain, nothing serious." I give her a small smile. "Alright, my dear. Take some rest. We will talk later." Grandma says as she leaves. It didn't take me long before I fell fast asleep.

Alessandro's POV

I was busy making important calls when I realized I had not heard from my brother. "Please call my brother for me," I ask Leonardo. Leonardo dials Gabriel and gives the phone to me. "Hey, big brother." I hear Gabriel's voice on the other side. "I just want to let you know the man responsible for the attack on Lisa has been caught," I inform him. "That's great news; I'm just glad all our hard work from last night paid off. Now that bastard can rot in jail," Gabriel announced. "Yeah, me too. See you tonight at dinner". I say. "We won't be joining you for dinner; Sophia booked us a table," Gabriel informs. "Enjoy your evening." With that; we hung up.
###chapter 12

Lisa's POV

It's been three days since the operation. Everything has been going well with Lilani. The biopsy came back negative, which I'm thankful for. The guy responsible for the attack has received a life sentence after more women came forward.
Sophia told Gabriele that they were expecting, Gabriele was over the moon when he heard the news, and now Sophia's not allowed to do anything. Lately, he has been distant and treating me with unnecessary rudeness. They are leaving one of these days, then it's just me, Alessandro, and his grandparents. 
I can't wait to go to the hospital; I got up early to shower and dress. Walking down, I notice Alessandro standing at the bottom of the stairs. I can't help but admire my handsome husband; he looks hot, even in a black shirt and blue jeans. I have never seen him in something other than his suits. When I reach the bottom, I greet Alessandro. "I'm going with you to see your sister," Alessandro says. I took him by the arm and led him to the waiting car. "I know you're a busy man; you don't always have to go with me," I say after a while.
"I know, but I can stand some time off to accompany you to your sister; I know today is the day they will wake her up," Alessandro says. I decide to keep quiet because I know there's no point in arguing with this man. Once we reached the hospital, I led Alessandro to my sister's room. When we went inside, Dr. Dorigo was already there. "Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Mancini; you are just in time; we are about to wake the little one. You can wait outside, or if you prefer to stay here, it's up to you". The Doctor kindly says. "We will stay," comes the answer from Alessandro. I keep quiet and watch the Doctor go to work. Once the doctor completes his work, he turns and confidently declares, "The awakening process typically lasts around twelve hours, although this may vary depending on the patient. Rest assured, everything appears to be proceeding smoothly. As soon as your sister has fully regained consciousness, we will promptly notify you without delay." 
"Thank you, Doctor, I would appreciate it," I happily say. The Doctor writes something down, greets us, and leaves. "I'm eagerly looking forward to hearing her voice again. I truly long to be reunited with her. Alessandro, I extend my deepest appreciation to you and your grandparents, for without your support, my sister wouldn't have had another chance at life." I express my gratitude, realizing the immense impact they have had on Lilani's survival. "You don't have to thank me, Lisa; it was all my grandma's doing." Alessandro has replied. I say nothing and softly stroke my sister's hand. "Hi Lilly, by tomorrow, you will be awake again; I can't believe you will be alright; it still feels like a dream. I will see you as soon as you're awake. Remember, I love you", I softly say. After I kissed her, Alessandro and I left the hospital. In the car, Alessandro says, "We are going to the store to buy things for your sister's room and clothes for when she comes home."
I looked up at him, "Thank you" was all I could say at that moment. We spent the next four hours shopping for Lilani. It was a struggle at first because Alessandro couldn't see, and I must describe everything; I must admit he has good taste even though he is blind. Once we arrive home, Alessandro asks Antonio to take everything to the room where Lilani will sleep. Alessandro then excused himself and went to his office. I decided to cook a traditional South-African dinner. With that thought, I went to the kitchen to inform the chef.
I decided to cook "Vetkoek" and mince and for dessert a Malva pudding.
Alessandro was quiet during dinner. Sophia and I talked about her pregnancy, and later Gabriele joined in. "This was very delicious, Lisa; you are a great cook," Gabriele compliments. "Thank you," I reply. I got up to take the dishes and said, "I made some dessert. I will bring it now." I went to the kitchen and set the plates in the sink, then I started serving the dessert and took it to the table. Everyone enjoys the dessert as they make sounds every time they bite. "Wow, that was delicious; what do you call the dinner we had, Lisa?" Grandma asks. "Oh, it's called "Vetkoek" and mince," I tell her with a smile. "That reminds me of our traditional bread, Gnocco fritto," Gabriele says after finishing his dessert. Alessandro surprised me when he asked, "Can I please have some more?" I quickly went to get him a second serving. When I placed it in front of him. "I have to admit this is the best dessert I have had in ages; thank you, Lisa." Alessandro says. We all talked for a while. After our delicious dinner, Antonio kindly escorted Alessandro to his room, while I took on the task of washing the dishes. "Lisa, my dear, you know you don't have to handle the dishes each and every time," Grandma lovingly reminded me as she stands next to me. "It's alright, Grandma; I like doing the dishes." I smile at her. "Alright, my dear. Here let me help you." The two of us quickly cleaned the kitchen. "Thank you, Grandma; I'm going to shower and get ready for bed," I tell Grandma. "Okay, my dear, I think I'm going to call it a night as well," Grandma says, and we both leave the kitchen. I feel my body relax as the water hits my body. I think of Alessandro's weird behavior; one minute, he is friendly, then the next, he is like a ticking time bomb. I wish this was a normal marriage, where he would hold my hand and tell me how much he loves me, take me out for dinner, or order pizza, and we lay in each other's arms, but sadly it's not. He will never love me; he only loves one woman. I must stop hoping for something more and concentrate on Lilani. After the shower, I put on a short and a T-shirt. I then decide to watch a movie as it is still early. Just as I'm about to decide what to watch, there's a knock on my door; with a soft come-in, Antonio opens the door. "Mrs. Mancini, the hospital called; your sister is awake; Mr. Mancini says you must get ready. I will wait at the car." Antonio tells me. "Thank you, Antonio. "I will change quickly." As soon as Antonio left, I wasted no time getting dressed. I effortlessly slipped into my sleek pair of skinny jeans and adorned myself with a stylish check shirt, perfectly matched with my blue sandals. Without wasting a second, I hurriedly made my way to the car. However, as I stepped inside, an overwhelming wave of astonishment washed over me - for there, seated inside, was none other than Alessandro. "You didn't think I was going to send you alone, did you?" With a sudden spark of amusement, he asks. I'm certain this man is bipolar. "How did you know I was shocked?" I asked, surprised. Alessandro simply responded, "Normally, I don't accompany you. So, when I retired to my room after dinner, it's likely you assumed I was asleep." 
"Yes, um, thank you," I reply.


###chapter 13
At the hospital, we quickly went to my sister's room. When we went in, I saw her lying awake and taking Alessandro to bed. "Hi, baby; how are you feeling?" I immediately want to know. A soft, weak chuckle escapes Lilani as she says, "I am feeling great, Lisa; I missed you." Then she looks at Alessandro and says, "Hi, Ali, thank you for saving my life."
"It's a pleasure, Principessa; I am glad you are doing better," Alessandro simply replies. "What is a princi... whatever you just called me?"
"It means princess, little one," Alessandro chuckles. "Your room is almost ready; by the time you come home, everything will be in place," I tell my sister. We talked for a while, then said goodbye to Lilani, telling her we would check in with her tomorrow. Lilani nods and then closes her eyes again. I took Alessandro's hand, and we walked out of the room. "Thank you for coming with me. I appreciate it." I say to him. Alessandro just squeezed my hand softly. The drive home is quiet, and when we stop at the mansion, I offer to take Alessandro to his room. Alessandro nods, and I help him inside, walking up the stairs. Once we reached his room, I kissed his cheek and said, "Good night." Alessandro gave me a small smile and said, "Good night, Lisa." Then he went into his room. I decide to go to my room and hopefully fall asleep.
The following five days were hectic; we finished Lilani's bedroom and put her clothes in her wardrobe. Today, Lilani is coming home. I can't wait to get my sister to the hospital. Alessandro was here the whole time, making sure everyone followed his demands. After breakfast, the two of us set out to get Lilani. We make our way to her room and walk in. Lilani was already sitting up straight, waiting for them. We greet each other, and I help Lilani get dressed. As soon as we were finished, the doctor came in. "Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Mancini; I see my patients are ready to leave," he said, smiling. "Yes, I am a ready doctor," Lilani replied with a massive smile. "Just sign the discharge forms; here's the schedule for her treatment and her next appointment with me. Remember not to wash her hair like usual, take baby shampoo, and be gentle. Here is a list of the dos and don'ts. Take care now, little one, and behave", the Doctor tells us. We thank the Doctor and leave the room with Lilani in a wheelchair. Once everything was settled at the hospital, they walked to the waiting car.
Alessandro helps Lilani into the car and then asks Piero to take the wheelchair. Lilani lay with her head on my lap and immediately fell asleep. As we get closer, I wake Lilani. "We are almost there, Lilani." Linani wakes up, rubbing her eyes. She sits up and looks around. Lilani's eyes get huge when we ride through the gates. "Wow, this is a palace, Lisa. Look at the fountain and flowers. There must be real fairies here. Lilani said with administration. Piero opens the door for us, and Alessandro gets out first, followed by Lilani and me. I take both of them by the hand and walk to the house. 
Inside, Sophia, Gabriele, Grandma, and Grandpa are already waiting for Lilani. I sent them a text to let them know we were already there. When Lilani notices everyone in the living room, she immediately hides behind me. "Lilani, I would like to introduce you to my sister-in-law Sophia and brother-in-law Gabriele, as well as grandma and grandpa." I say as I bend down 
to Lilani. Lilani peed at the people and then came out from behind me. "Your name sounds like Princess Sophia. I always watch," Lilani giggles and then continues,  "Hello auntie, and uncle," Lilani greets them. Alessandro introduces Lilani to everyone, "Let's get you to bed. We can celebrate your homecoming after you have rested". Lilani slowly nods and takes my hand. Gabriele went to Alessandro's side and helped him, and then everyone followed Lilani and me to her room; Lilani's room is big; it's painted pink with princesses on the wall, and she has a double house bunk bed that looks like a real dollhouse with pink and purple duvet covers, her very own mirror and a study table. She even has her flat-screen TV, a big chest with many toys, and a massive wardrobe with clothes. Lilani turns around, walks to Alessandro, and hugs him around his legs, "Thank you, Ali, this is the prettiest room I ever had. Are you absolutely certain that you are not a prince? Lilani exclaims with joy. Alessandro bursts into laughter and exclaims. "It's a pleasure, I am glad you like it, and no, I am not a prince, little one." While we were busy in Lilani's room, Antonio came and informed us that the nurse had arrived. Alessandro asked Sophia if she could watch Lilani then he and I went to the nurse. 
I take Alessandro to his seat and stand next to him. Alessandro starts to talk in a cold, stern tone, "You are here to take care of my little sister; she is five years old and just had brain surgery. Here is a list of what you will need. I expect you to follow every instruction on that paper. Her sister will accompany her for chemo treatments. I have no patience for individuals who arrive late for work. It is imperative that you prioritize the well-being of Lilani, leaving no room for excuses. Is there anything you like to ask?"
"No, Mr. Mancini, you and your sister don't have to worry; I will take good care of your sibling." With a sweet smile, the nurse addresses Alessandro. "Lisa is not my sister; she is my wife" Alessandro sets her straight with a deep frown. "You will listen to Mrs. Mancini; you will report to her; now that this is settled, you know we are the Mancinis; please tell us your name?"
"Yes, Mr. Mancini, I understand. My name is Viola Lastra," The nurse says, shocked that he's married.
After this, Alessandro dismisses us. I walk with Viola to her room, where the staff stays. "Dinner is served at 19:00 hours; please let the chef know when you don't have dinner with us. I will introduce my sister to you after she wakes up." I informed her. With that, I went to my room.
###chapter 14

Lisa's POV
A few days have passed since Lilani came home. I help her with bathing and try to keep her in bed as much as possible. She needs to rest a lot and must try not to do any running or activities that can cause her to go back to the hospital. It seems that Lilani is getting better day by day. 
After breakfast, I take Lilani back to her room, give her medication, and tuck her into bed. "Can you please read me a story?" Lilani asked me. "Shall we delve into the enchanting tale of Cinderella?" I suggest. Lilani nods and lays down; soon she falls fast asleep. 
I decided to go and look for Sophia. As I walk down the stairs, Viola suddenly talks behind me, "Oh, hi, Mrs. Mancini, do you know where I can find Mr. Mancini?" She asks sweetly. "He's usually in his office," I told her with a frown. Viola nods and skips the stairs one by one. That's weird? Why does she need to talk to him? I wonder and continue to walk downstairs.
"I am glad your sister is back home; she's such a lovely girl," Sophia says. "Thank you; I'm also glad she's home; my life will be dull without her. I promised our parents that I would protect her, and when we found out about the tumor, my world suddenly stopped," I told her. "You know you are one strong woman, Lisa; I hope you realize it," Sophia says with admiration in her eyes. "Thank you; I need to be. I'm the only one Lilani has." I replied and sat next to Sophia.
We sat there and talked for a while before I excused myself, saying, "I'm going to check up on Lilani; see you later." Sophia nods, and I walk up to Lilani's room. "Hi sweetie, How are you feeling"? I ask her as soon as I notice she's awake. "I am doing okay, thank you. I'm just hungry, Lisa." I hear her say "Then let us go and make you something to eat, or you can stay here and I will bring you something". With a shake of her head, Lilani slowly gets up and takes my hand. When we went into the kitchen, Maria told us lunch was ready and we could go to the table. When they walk over to the table, I notice Viola already sitting at the table on my chair. I frown but don't say anything. Alessandro entered the dining room, and Lilani went up to him to hug him, saying, "Hi Ali, how are you doing?" Alessandro bent down to hug her. "Hello, Principessa, I am good. Thank you. How are you feeling?" Lilani guides Alessandro to his seat. Lilani looked at Viola and said, "Can you please move up? I want to sit next to Ali", Viola just stares at her and doesn't move. Lilani then got on Alessandro's lap and whispered something in his ears. Alessandro's tone grew icy as he confronted Miss Viola, reminding her, "Earlier today, I made it clear to you in my office that I have absolutely no tolerance for anyone who exceeds their boundaries within this household. That chair you're sitting on belongs to my wife, and Antonio has already discussed this with you. Therefore, I would greatly appreciate it if you could kindly vacate the chair." With a small yes, Viola takes another open chair. She's fuming with embarrassment. I just shake my head and sit down. Lilani sits on Alessandro's lap, and it doesn't seem that it's bothering him. Lunch was quiet, it was just Alessandro and Lilani, who were talking the whole time. After lunch, Alessandro takes Lilani's hand and asks me to take them out to the backyard. "Your duty starts tomorrow morning; this is my sister Lilani. You are excused for the rest of the day". Alessandro informs Viola. The three of us then went outside.
"Wait here, I'm just going to get a blanket for us," I tell them, and I quickly go to get a blanket. 
We went down to the beach and sat under a tree. Lilani lay with her head on Alessandro's lap. "Let's play a game," Lilani says. Alessandro smiles and asks, "What do you want to play?" Lilani's gaze shifts from Alessandro to me. "I don't know; I can't play hide-and-seek because my sister will scold me when I run," Lilani explains, throwing her hands in the air. "How about you tell me what the shape of the clouds looks like?" Alessandro makes a suggestion, and Lilani happily tells him. "Thank you, Ali". Lilani speaks out of the blue. Alessandro bends down and kisses her on the head, then he starts to tickle her. Lilani's laughter can be heard for miles. 
Third-person POV
Somewhere in the mansion, Viola watches the whole scene as well. "He can smile for them but treats me like dirt." Viola is seething with anger. "I have to get Alessandro and all of his money." With an evil smile, Viola starts to think of a plan.
Lisa's POV
We are still outside, with Lilani asleep on Alessandro's lap. He gently plays with her hair and says, "I have to go away for a few days; there's an important matter that needs my attention. I will be back before the weekend." I suddenly become sad and answer softly, "We will be fine; when are you leaving?" Alessandro takes my hand and says, "Tomorrow morning, just after breakfast, if you need anything, don't hesitate to call me or Antonio." We sit for a while when Lilani wakes up. I take Alessandro to his office and Lilani to her room to take a bath. Lilani enjoys this big bathtub. After giving her a bath, I assist her in washing her hair. Once we finish, Lilani puts on a stylish denim jumpsuit paired with her black Vans. Her hair was shortened due to the surgical procedure, adding a unique touch to her overall appearance. "You know you still look beautiful even with your hair short," I tell her. Lilani smiles at me, then frowns. "Lisa, that Viola girl, I don't think I like her; she looks at Ali weird, and I don't like it." I smile at her possessiveness towards Alessandro and carefully say, "Give her a chance; maybe she isn't as bad as you think she is." I'm filled with uncertainty as I observe Viola's unwavering gaze on Alessandro throughout the entire day. Deep inside, I yearn to confront Viola and demand that she stay away from my husband. However, I find myself incapable of doing so, for our relationship is nothing more than a contractual marriage. Lilani took my hand, and we went out. We spent time with Grandma and Grandpa. I can see they love Lilani. "Grandma, will you read me a bedtime story tonight, please?" I hear Lilani asking. "I would love to read you a story." Grandma smiles. "Mrs. Mancini, dinner is ready." Maria appears. "Thank you, Maria," I say, and we go to the table. The whole dinner, everyone seems busy with their thoughts; it's just Lilani who asks a lot of questions to the people around the table. 
Everyone loves and adores Lilani, except for one person, Viola. It seems that Viola doesn't have a liking for me or my sister. "I see you and Alessandro don't sleep in the same bed", Viola suddenly says behind me, where I'm busy doing the dishes. "I am completely unaware of what you are referring to, Miss Viola. Furthermore, the matters concerning my husband and I are entirely unrelated to you. I kindly request that you refrain from interfering in our personal affairs and focus solely on fulfilling your professional obligations." I firmly express my displeasure. Viola gazes at me, wearing a mischievous smirk, as she declares, "Oh, my dear, it will be my utmost priority. You and your troublesome sister should prepare yourselves for imminent departure, as soon as I claim Alessandro." I can't help but burst into laughter at the absurdity of her delusion; it's so funny that tears begin to well up. "What's going on in here? Lisa, are you alright?" Alessandro's deep voice comes from behind. 
Before I could answer, Viola said in a teary voice, "Mrs. Mancini just hit me in the face and told me to stay away from you." 
"Lisa, come to my office now!", Alessandro commands. Viola smirks as I help Alessandro to his office. I wish I could wipe that smirk off her face. Once inside, Alessandro says in a cold voice, "Don't you dare hit any of my employees again; you may be married to me, but I am still the boss. Do I make myself very clear?" 
I just stared at Alessandro with tears in my eyes. I compose myself before saying, "One, I did not touch her; two, she is the one who said she noticed that we don't share a bed; and lastly, she will make sure you divorce me and kick me and my brat of a sister out, so don't you dare talk to me that way again without listening to my side of the fucking story; if you will excuse me now, I need to go and take my sister to bed." But before Alessandro could say anything, I walked out, slamming the door behind me. 


###chapter 15
Alessandro's POV
I called Antonio, who was outside the door, and I'm sure he heard everything. Antonio knocked once and went inside, saying, Yes, Mr. Mancini, what can I do for you?" Antonio asked. "I want to find out what happened in the kitchen tonight. Ask the staff and report back to me; I want this matter settled before I leave tomorrow." I say. "Yes, Mr. Mancini." Antonio replies. I was busy thinking about why Lisa would act jealous when Antonio came in and said, "Mr. Mancini, I talked to some of the kitchen staff. According to Maria, Miss Viola lied when she said that Mrs. Mancini hit her. " I hear him say: "Thank you, Antonio. I want you to do something for me when everyone is in their room," I say. Yes, Mr. Mancini," Antonio replied. I told him what needed to be done. "That would be all. Thank you, Antonio." I smile. "Pleasure, Mr. Mancini. Before I forget, your grandmother doesn't seem pleased with the way you handled things with Lisa." I just sigh, "Thank you, Antonio. Will you please take me to my room and inform everyone to be at breakfast at 07:00?" I say. Antonio takes me to my room, and I go and lay down, thinking about this situation.
Third-person POV
Lisa still can't believe what happened tonight. "How could Alessandro think of me that low? She thought. She tossed and turned the whole night to think of a way to expose Viola. It was past midnight when she finally fell asleep. 
The next morning, Alessandro waits for everyone to come down for breakfast, then he hears someone behind him. "Good morning, Mr. Mancini. Did you sleep well?" Viola asks while putting her hands on his shoulder. Alessandro stiffens at her action and just nods without saying a word. After everyone was seated, Alessandro began to speak: "As most of you know, today I will be leaving for a few days. While I'm gone, my wife will be in charge, and I expect everyone to listen to her. If I find out someone acted against her, there will be consequences. Lisa, baby, when breakfast is finished, I want to see you in my office". 
"Did he just call me baby?" Lisa thought so, but she must have heard wrong. Viola's blood is boiling with fury. "How the hell is he so sweet and caring towards that bitch", she thought after last night that he would still be mad at her. She must think of another plan. After breakfast, Lisa and Alessandro went to his office. Once inside, he pulled Lisa into his embrace, put his head in her neck, and whispered, "I am sorry for overreacting last night and not listening to your side of the story first, but I promise from now on I will listen before I act." 
Dammit, she smells like heaven. He wishes he could bend her over his desk and have his way with her.
"Thank you, Alessandro; it means so much to me", Lisa says, interrupting his dirty thoughts. "There's one more thing; your stuff will be moved to my bedroom", Alessandro suddenly says. With a stutter, Lisa answered, "I... um are you sure?" 
"Yes, I'm very sure that way people won't notice something off about our marriage," Alessandro assures her. The truth is, Viola came into his room last night and tried to seduce him; he didn't know how she thought of seducing him when he couldn't see. He chased her out and told her if that ever happened again, he would fire her. That's when he decided Lisa must move into his room. After their conversation, Lisa went to get Lilani so she could say goodbye to Alessandro. Lilani ran to him and cried, "Why do you have to go away, Ali?" She asks, crying. Princess, I will be back before you know it; you must help Lisa and watch over everyone for me," Alessandro says to the little girl while holding her in his arms. "Pinky promise, you won't be away for too long", Lilani holds her finger and takes his hand to make a pinky promise. "Pinky promise", Alessandro says to Lilani with a smile.
Lisa's POV
As soon as Alessandro left, I asked Viola to take Lilani to her room and give her medicine so that she could rest. Viola took Lilani and went to her room. I went to my room, and entered. When I entered, I saw Maria already busy moving my stuff. I offered to help, and before long, all my stuff was in Alessandro's room. His room is black and silver and bigger than mine and Lilani's. There's a round king-size bed in the middle, and he also has a balcony with a beautiful view that looks over the ocean. I went inside the bathroom and was struck by how beautiful it looked. There's a his and hers shower with black tiles and a golden floor, and his and hers basin that's also black with gold details. A huge bath in the corner of the bathroom. "This man has good taste". I thought. I decided to go and help with lunch after exploring Alessandro's bedroom.
The day went by quickly without any incidents. Sophia and Gabriele are leaving tomorrow morning early; they say it's time to head to their own home. I was sad after hearing the news. Sophia and I have gotten close these past few days; they were here, and I'm going to miss them. After dinner, everyone went to the home theater to watch some movies. Lilani fell asleep soon after dinner. I sent her dinner up to her room after Lilani didn't want to go down. 
During the movie, Maria came and called me, "Mrs. Mancini, there's a phone call." Maria says goodbye and leaves. I walk over to the phone and pick it up. "Mrs. Mancini speaking, how can I help you?" Lisa says. "Good evening, Lisa. How is everything at home?" Alessandro's sweet voice falls on my ear. "That voice alone is making me wet", I thought. I quickly cleared my throat, getting rid of my dirty thoughts that popped up, and answered, "Everything is going great, Alessandro; Lilani went to sleep just after dinner, and the rest of us are watching a movie; how was your day?"
"Exhausting, thanks for asking. I assume your things have been moved to my room?" Alessandro asked. "Yes, Maria moved everything just after you left," I replied. "Okay, alright, I will call you tomorrow as soon as I can. Have a wonderful night, Lisa", Alessandro ends our conversation. "Good night, Alessandro", I say sadly. I miss Alessandro. I have to admit that this arrogant man has made his way into my heart without realizing it. I don't love him, but we are more civil, so to speak. After the movie is finished, I say good night and make my way to Alessandro's room. I was just about to go inside when I heard Viola talking from behind. "Where do you think you are going? That's Alessandro's bedroom!"
"This is actually our bedroom, and if you'll kindly excuse me, I've had a long day and I really miss my husband," I say sarcastically, entering the room and locking the door. "This is going to be a long night", I thought as I lay in bed. Everything smells like Alessandro. I really do miss him. I take his pillow and hug it, and soon I fall asleep.
###chapter 16


Lisa's POV

The next few days went by fast. Viola was making things very difficult for me. I found her in Alessandro's room one day going through his wardrobe, taking a shirt. I asked her what she was doing, and she simply shrugged and walked past me bumping me with her shoulder. I took Lilani to her first chemo session, which made her feel queasy. I have been by her side, ensuring her well-being at all times. Unfortunately, the nurse we hired has been quite unhelpful, to say the least.
I was busy reading to Lilani when Alessandro walked into the room. "Hello Lisa, how is Lilani doing today?" He asks with concern. I can tell that Lilani took a place in his heart from the first day he met her and when I told him the other day that Lilani feels sick after the chemo he was worried. "She seems better today, she just fell asleep," I whisper as I get up and walk towards Alessandro. Oh, how much I have missed him these past few days. Alessandro takes my hand and walks out of the room.
"Will you please take me to my office and then call Maria for me?" Alessandro asked. "Sure thing, can I get you anything else?", I ask. "No, thank you I am fine for now." Alessandro answers.
I took Alessandro to his office and went to find Maria. "Maria, Alessandro is expecting you in his office," I gestured, pointing towards Alessandro's office using my hands. It's our unique way of communication, considering Maria's inability to speak English and my lack of Italian skills. However, we have found a way to understand each other through our intricate system of hand signals." Maria nods and walks to Alessandro's office.
Alessandro's POV
I hear a knock, "Come in". 
"Signor Mancini, you called me?" Maria asked. "Sì Maria, you know you are like a mother to me. You have known me from diapers. I want to know how things here went these past few days without my presents?" I get straight to the point. "Signor Mancini, I have known you a long time and to answer your question, well Miss Viola has been slagging, she doesn't do her job, Mrs. Mancini has been taking care of the little one ever since you have gone away. Miss Viola talks back every time Mrs. Mancini gives her an order. I saw her a few times when she would walk past Mrs. Mancini and knock her with the shoulder. Mrs. Mancini always stays calm. I don't know how she manages not to get angry because if it was me I would have slapped that girl silly, and lastly, she went to your room and got one of your shirts Mr. Mancini." Maria says. "Grazie, Maria, I will take it from here." I say anger clear in my voice. I'm exhausted, these past few days I have seen the eye specialist. They were doing a test to check if an operation can give back my eyes. I have been hoping for so long to see you again. I wonder if Bianca will return to me once I have my eyesight back, but every time I imagine her, Lisa's soft voice comes to mind. I found myself thinking about her a lot these past few days, to the extent that I would miss her. I can't love her; I only love one woman and only one woman would ever have my heart that is Bianca. I run my hands through my hair. Maybe I should lay down for a bit, maybe then I can think straight.
Viola's POV
I was waiting for the perfect time to get Lisa into trouble, and I can't wait to put my plan into action. I grin, thinking how Alessandro will comfort me in his strong arms. I have heard that he's back, but he was busy in his study talking to Maria. If that little witch dares to snitch on me, her days are numbered. I can't wait to see him.


###chapter 17
Lisa's POV
I was busy helping to prepare lunch when I heard Lilani cry through the baby monitor I got from the store. I quickly ran upstairs to check on Lilani. "What's the matter, Lil?" I asked her, concerned. "Someone was in my room, Lisa; someone kept on taping my feet; I got scared and hid under my blanket", Lilani cried. I searched the room but found nothing. Lilani didn't want to stay in her room alone, so I decided to take her to the kitchen with me. As we went down the stairs, Viola ran up the stairs and smirked at me. The next moment, Viola tumbled down the stairs screaming, and as soon as she was on the ground, she cried out in pain. "What's with all this commotion?" Alessandro demands in a stern voice. 
"She... she pushed me down the stairs after accusing me of scaring her sister," Viola cried out. Alessandro puts his hands out to Viola, she takes his hand and smirked at me. Alessandro holds her, and he pushes her away and says angrily, "Enough pack your backs and leave my house this instant!" Viola stiffens a laugh, looks at me with a grin, and says silently "Take that bitch".
I thought he was talking to me, "But, I..." I try to defend myself before Alessandro interrupts me. 
"I was talking to Miss Viola, I just had enough of the drama she caused here. I give you five minutes before I throw you out myself". Viola's smile fades as she looks at Alessandro shocked before saying, "But she pushed me down the stairs, Mr. Mancini, the last few days she's been making my life hell, saying I should stay away from you....." 
I can't believe what I'm hearing, how dare she turn this around on me!. "I know the truth Miss Viola, next time make sure about your surroundings, I heard the conversations between you and Miss Mancini, I heard how you were planning for all of this to happen. Now let me make it clear, so you will understand, I.WILL. NOT. LEAVE.MY.WIFE.FOR.YOU!" Alessandro shouts angrily. Viola looks at me and says, "You think just because you win you all that but let me tell you something your brat of a sister is better off dead than with you." I saw red when I heard what Viola just said and walked up to her and punched her straight in the face, "Don't you ever dare talk about my sister again". With that, I took Lilani who was sitting on a step watching everything to the kitchen.




Alessandro's POV
Antonio starts clapping his hands. "What just happened?" I asked confused. "It seems that Mrs. Mancini knows how to throw a punch if needed Mr. Mancini, I think she just broke Miss Viola's nose," Antonio says laughing at the scene he just witnessed.
I can't believe what I just heard. Did she just hit someone in the face? A smile forms on my lips, knowing that my wife can defend herself if she needs to.
After lunch, I ask Antonio if Viola has left the house. Antonio told me that she left while we were having lunch. "Will you please call Mrs. Mancini for me Antonio?"
"Yes sir", Antonio answer then went to call Lisa. "Alessandro, I hear you want to talk to me?" I hear her. "Yes, Leonardo gave a list of nannies with medical experiences, I want you to go through it, so we can hire a new nanny. I prefer an old lady if you don't mind". I told her in a stern voice. "I will go through them and call them for an interview, thank you, Alessandro." I just nod before talking again, "One more thing, your Italian lessons start Monday at 5:00 p.m. for two hours. I will ask Piero to take you and wait for you. It's Monday and Wednesday evenings, you may go now". I dismissed her. 
Lisa's POV
The rest of the day I phoned possible nannies to arrange interviews. I then spent some time with Lilani before dinner. Alessandro was busy handling some business until Maria came and told us dinner was ready. At the table, everyone was quiet no one said a word.
Lilani was so tired she fell asleep on her chair, I saw it and apologized then took Lilani to her room, I kissed her and turned on the night light. Going downstairs I went back to help tidy up.
I went to take a shower when I suddenly realized this is going to be the first night I will sleep in the same bed as Alessandro. I became nervous and decided to wear my shorts and a t-shirt to bed instead of a dress.
Just as I came out of the bathroom, Alessandro and Antonio walk-in. Antonio greets me and says he's just going to help Alessandro to the bathroom then he will take leave.
I hear the water in the shower and realize Alessandro is taking a shower. I wonder how he looks with water dripping from his body. Probably hot as hell, I can imagine what he looks like when standing under the shower with water running down his head over that sculpted body of his. I lick my lips and bite my bottom lip. Suddenly the door opens, and Alessandro walks out with just a towel around his waist, showing his V line. Dammit, that is hot. I can't help but stare at his perfectly toned body. Alessandro moved to his wardrobe and took a boxer with my eyes on him the whole time. My lips feel dry, so I stand up to get some water. Coming back, Alessandro was already in bed. I walked over to my side and slipped in, careful not to touch him. This is going to be a long night, I thought.
The next morning I wake up and feel a pair of arms around me. When I look up, I notice Alessandro. I was lying in his arms and our legs were tangled. I look at his handsome face; he has a light stubble beard forming on his face. He seems so much more relaxed when he sleeps. I was still busy studying him when he suddenly said, "Are you done checking me out?" I was startled when he suddenly talked, "I wasn't checking you out", I tried to deny it. Alessandro laughs and says, "Yes, sure you didn't; I could feel your eyes on me, Mrs. Mancini." He keeps on teasing me. I scoff and try to get up, only to be held tightly by Alessandro, who flips us over, so he was on top of me. "Lisa, Lisa, what am I going to do with you?" He whispers in a husky voice in my ear that sends shivers down my body, Dammit this man.
He starts sucking on my neck, and a soft moan escapes my lips. He went and planted kisses along my jaw until he reached my lips and claimed it. This is my first kiss, and dammit, it feels good. The kiss became hard and urgent. I felt a sweet sensation between my legs and buck my back, and then felt something hard pocking me on my leg. I opened my eyes and saw Alessandro smirk. He pulls away, gets up, and walks to the bathroom. I was left hot and bothered in the bed thinking, "wow, my first kiss was amazing".
In the next few days, Alessandro and I will have interviews with possible nannies. 
Alessandro distanced himself from me. He would go to bed late when I was already sleeping and stand up early while I was still sleeping. I know it's because of what almost happened between us the other day. I feel hurt that he treats me this way, but what else did I expect? His heart belongs to Bianca; he will never love me. I just have to get over these feelings I have towards him. We finally decided on which nanny to hire. Alessandro tells me to call the woman and inform her.
###chapter 18

Warning!! Some sexual scenes!! Read after the lines if you don't want to see them.
Lisa's POV
I phone Alice Bruno, a sweet old lady; she has the grandma vibe. She is sixty years old, has short, round, short gray hair, and green eyes. I immediately liked her when she came for the interview. Her husband passed away recently, and they didn't have any children. After her husband passed away, Alice was alone. "Alice, speaking, how may I help"? I hear Alice on the other side. "Hey Alice, this is Lisa Mancini; you were here for an interview a few days ago, I just phoned to tell you the job is yours if you still want it?" I kindly informed her. "Oh, my dear, yes, thank you very much. When must I start?" Alice asks, Happy? "You start Monday morning; I will send Piero, our driver, to pick you up tomorrow morning at, say, 10:00 if that suits you?" I tell Alice. "That will be perfect; thank you, Mrs. Mancini; enjoy the rest of your day," Alice greets me. "Same to you, Alice. See tomorrow," I greet her back before hanging up.
I went to Lilani only to find her and Alessandro playing together. "Hi guys, what are you doing?" I am amused at the sight of Alessandro in a small chair, drinking from a teacup. "We are having a tea party, Lissy. Prince Ali came to visit me. Do you also want to join us for tea, Princess Lissy? Lilani giggles. "Of course I would love to join you", I say. "Prince Ali, can Princess Lissy sit next to you?" Lilani asks Alessandro. Alessandro nods and replies, "I would love it if the princess sat next to me, as long as she didn't steal my cookies." We were having a great time playing together when Maria suddenly interrupted to announce that dinner was ready. However, her laughter was uncontrollable when she spotted Alessandro wearing make-up and a tutu. I had a great time with Lilani and Alessandro, who knew he had a fun side. With that, we went down for dinner.
We all sit down for dinner. Lilani and Alessandro are talking to each other as if they'd known each other for years. Everyone in the Mancini household watches as Alessandro and Lilani talk, and it seems that they can't believe what they are seeing. Alessandro is like a patty in Lilani's hands, she is the only one Alessandro doesn't push away and laughs with. They all came to love my little sister. 
When dinner is finished, Alessandro asks if he can tuck Lilani in. I agree and help Maria do the dishes. After cleaning the kitchen and table, I went to check on Lilani I stopped at the door when I heard Alessandro telling her a story. I recognize Lilani's favorite story, Cinderella. When he's finished, he pulls the cover over her and kisses her on the head. "Sweet dreams, princess," he says to a sleeping Lilani, and he feels his way out of the room. I quickly walk to our bedroom before Alessandro can hear me. 
Alessandro's POV
I enter the bedroom when I hear the shower, knowing it's Lisa. I thought if I became distant, this feeling would go away, but it seems to get stronger; the longer I stayed away, the more I missed her. I can't understand these feelings; maybe it's just my hormones; When was the last time I was with a woman? It must be sexual attraction, I decide. I hear the bathroom door open. I wish I could see what Lisa looks like. I know she smells like heaven and has a sweet voice. Everyone tells me she is the most beautiful girl they have ever seen. I know she will do anything for the ones she loves. She is smart, funny, and adored by all of my staff and family. "The shower is all yours". Lisa tells me, breaking my thoughts. I just nodded and went to the bathroom.
When I get into bed, Lisa says, "Mrs. Bruno will be here tomorrow just past ten in the morning. I will get her room ready before she arrives."
"Ask Maria to help you", I answer. "Okay, then we will take care of Alice's bedroom. Goodnight." Lisa says this and turns around. The two of us can't fall asleep. I feel her tossing and turning. We turn toward each other at the same time. "Can't sleep?" I ask. "Yes, I assume you can't sleep either." Lisa asked. Mm, it seems like it, so I assume the new nanny is the old lady?" I'm trying to have a conversation. "Yes, she seems sweet and reminds me of my grandma. The first time I saw her, I knew she was the one", Lisa replied truthfully. "Or maybe you don't want a young girl around; maybe you are afraid she will seduce your husband?" I tease. Lisa slapped my chest. Ouch, women, don't get abusive!" I laugh, dammit! She can hit. "I am not afraid that a young woman will seduce you, my dear husband", Lisa now also teases.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I took her hand and held it. I feel her eyes on me when I stroke her hands with my thumb. Suddenly, I pulled her closer and kissed her. Lisa opened her mouth, and I slid my tongue inside her mouth, tasting her minty breath. I flip Lisa so that I'm above her. My hands travel slowly down her body until they reach the hem of her shirt. Then I put my hand inside her shirt and started rubbing her belly. Slowly moving up until I reach her breasts, I gently start to play with her nipple. Lisa moans into my mouth. Her nipples became hard under my touch. I started kissing her jaw and moved down to her neck. I can feel Jnr getting hard, and she starts grinding against him when I suck on her sweet spot. I pulled her top over her head and took one breast into my mouth. I softly took the nipple between my teeth.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


###chapter 19
We were busy exploring each other when I heard a commotion downstairs, and I quickly stopped. "Shit, what the hell is going on downstairs"? I quickly get off Lisa and whisper, "This isn't over". I bet she's blushing now. "Can you call Antonio for me, please?" I ask with a voice still full of lust. I hear her voice telling Antonio that he must come up. Just as I'm done dressing, Antonio knocks and enters. "What the hell is going on downstairs"? I demand to know. "Sir, there are a bunch of reporters and a police officer; they are here for Mrs. Mancini", Antonio says, scared. "And what do they want with my wife?"
"Viola went to the police and opened an assault charge against Mrs. Mancini, Sir, and she went to the media, claiming the two of you were lovers. When you asked Mrs. Mancini for a divorce, she started assaulting and threatening you, sir." 
Now I'm mad; how dare Viola tell such lies? "Will you take me downstairs and then call my lawyer? Lisa, you can come with me; I will not let them take you," I say in a stern voice.
Lisa's POV
I was scared I never once had a run-in with the law. Why is it that every time Alessandro and I get intimate, he either withdraws or something happens? We quickly went downstairs and found the officers waiting for us. "Good evening, Mr. Mancini. We are sorry for disturbing you this late." One of the officers says, "Mrs. Mancini, we have to take you down to the station for questioning. Someone opened an assault case against you." The officer explains. I became visibly nervous. Alessandro takes my hand and says, "I will go with you; don't worry." He tells me I agree and went with the officer.
At the police station, Alessandro's lawyer arrives. Antonio gives him something, and with that, the lawyer goes out. Sometime later, the lawyer and the police chief come back. "Mr. and Mrs. Mancini, we all here at the station are very sorry for any inconvenience we have caused you. Mrs. Mancini, after seeing the evidence, you are free to go." The officer tells us I wonder about this so-called evidence but decide to ask Alessandro about it later.
As soon as we walk out of the station, the media are already there. Antonio and Piero help us to the waiting car, and once inside, Alessandro begins to speak: "Antonio, I want you to find Miss Viola and bring her to me. Then I want you to send a copy of our evidence to the media. Viola doesn't know who she messed with. When I'm finished with her, she will leave this country and never return."
"Yes, Mr. Mancini, I will do it as soon as we get home," Antonio assures his boss.
Arriving at the mansion, Alessandro steps out and holds his hand out to me. I take it and lead him inside. "Can I get you something to drink?" I softly ask. "Yes, I think I need strong coffee about now." Alessandro's reply. I went to the kitchen to make some coffee for everyone. I take a tray and bring it to the small living room. "I am just going to check on Lilani," I say, concerned that my sister has heard all of this commotion. "Maria is with her; Lilani didn't hear a thing; she is still sleeping peacefully", Grandma assures me. I let out a sigh of relief. I was worried that Lilani heard everything. I take a seat next to Alessandro and then carefully ask, "What is this evidence you are talking about?"
Alessandro rubs his face before saying, "Remember the day Viola accused you of hitting her? Well, after our fight in the office, I asked Antonio and other staff what happened, and they confirmed what happened. So I asked Antonio to put cameras with sound everywhere in the house. That is how I found out about everything-how she treated you and how she planned on getting me." 
Okay, I didn't expect that.
"O, wow, I don't know what to say; thank you, Alessandro," I say, kissing him on the cheek. Alessandro smirks. "I also heard what you said to her." I realize that he knows what I said and look up at Alessandro, who's still smirking. "So you missed me?" Alessandro teased. "I did not; I was just telling her that I miss you." I try to defend myself. "Whatever you say, Mrs. Mancini," Alessandro laughs. "I'm going to kill that woman; how dare she come after our family!" I hear Grandma say, She looks angry right now. "Don't worry, grandma, I will sort this mess out," Alessandro assures his grandmother. "I trust you on this; I want her gone before we go back to Milan," Grandma says. Yes, sadly, they are also leaving the day after tomorrow. The four of us sit there in silence for some time when I hear Alessandro say, "It's getting late; you should rest". 
"No, I'm not tired yet." I deny it with a yawn. "Then what's with that yawning? Go and sleep." Alessandro says once again: I stand up and bid them goodnight just as Antonio comes in.
Alessandro's POV
I hear Lisa's footsteps disappear, and Antonio says, "We found her, Mr. Mancini." I nodded. "Thank you, Antonio. Tomorrow morning we will visit her." I tell him. "Yes, Mr. Mancini." Antonio replied. "Alright, son, we are going back to bed." I hear Grandpa speak. "Goodnight, grandma and grandpa," I say. Goodnight, my son". Grandma says, and I feel her placing a kiss on my cheeks. "If you can just take me to my room," Antonio, help me to my room and bid me goodnight.
Lisa's POV
The following morning, on the table, Alessandro asks, "What time do we have to get Alice?" "Around ten," I answer. "Okay, I will send Piero to get her," Alessandro says. Just after breakfast, Alessandro leaves with Antonio, and I take Lilani down to the beach. "This is my favorite spot," Lilani says as they sit under the palm tree. "I can't wait to run and play here." I hear her say "One of these days, you will get to run around and go to school," I assure her. I look up when Maria calls her. "It looks like we forgot all about the time. Come, I think Alice has arrived." I took Lilani's hand and walked back to the house. "Good morning, Mrs. Mancini." Alice greets. "Good morning, Alice. Did you have a nice trip?" I asked her. "Yes, thank you, dear. This must be Lilani." Alice asks. "Yes, Alice, this is my sister Lilani." I introduced her. "Lilani, this is Alice. She's going to take care of you." I informed her. Lilani looks at the old woman and says, "Nice to meet you, Aunt Alice." Alice takes her hand and shakes it. "Let me show you where your room is," I say after the introduction is finished. "This is your room; if you need anything, just give me a call. Lunch will be served at 13:00. We will let you alone now." I informed her. "Thank you, dear," Alice says, then goes inside. I took Lilani, and the two of us went to the playroom. "Hey, Aunt Alice," I hear Lilani say. "Hey, sweetie. What are you playing?" Alice asks. "We are playing with Barbie and Ken. Do you want to play with us?" Lilani asked. Alice walks over and takes a seat next to Lilani. The two of them start talking to each other while I watch them. "Do you have any children?" Lilani asks Alice. "No, my dear. I don't." Lilani looks at Alice sadly. "I can be your grandchild if you want to. Then you won't be alone and sad." Lilani suggested. "You are such an angel. I won't mind having you as a grandchild." Alice tells her. "What do you call grandma in your language?" Lilani asked. "Nonna, my dear." Lilani looks up and repeats the word. "Okay, from now on, I will call you Nonna." Lilani declares. Alice smiles at the little girl. "I would love that little one." Alice and Lilani start playing again until Maria comes to tell us lunch is ready. I noticed during lunch that Alessandro hadn't come back yet. "Probably still working," I thought. "You can rest or explore after lunch," I tell Alice. "Thank you, dear. I think I will go and take some rest." Alice smiles. I take Lilani's hand and say, "Time for a nap. You can play with Alice later." Lilani nods, then follows me upstairs. "Will you stay with me?" Lilani asked? I got on the bed and held Lilani. Soon, we both fell asleep. I wake up and notice Lilani is gone. I quickly got up and went to search for her. I found her playing with Alice. "Here you are. I was looking for you." I tell her. "I'm sorry, Lissy. "You were sleeping peacefully, so I decided to come and play," Lilani informs me. "That's alright. You have to take a bath soon; it's almost time for dinner." Lilani nods and continues playing.
The others and I were just about to have dinner when Alessandro and the others arrived, and judging from the look on Alessandro's face, he wasn't in a good mood. Lilani notices Alessandro and runs up to him. 
"Ali, your home; I have missed you so much, I want to show you my new Nonna," Lilani says excitedly. Alessandro laughs and lets Lilani lead him. "Nonna, this is my Ali, and Ali, this is my Nonna," Lilani introduces them. Alice offered her hand to Alessandro and said, "Pleasure to finally meet you, Mr. Mancini. I heard a lot about you from Lilani". Alice greets. "Pleasure to meet you too, Alice," Alessandro says. Alessandro sits down and starts eating his dinner. I can tell that wherever they went today, it didn't go too well, but I decided not to ask. Lilani asked Alice to go with her after they ate. "Alright, dear, let's go," Alice says. Alessandro asked Leonardo and Antonio to go to his office, and I went to help Maria and Grandma clear the table. I went to check on Lilani only to find both of them fast asleep on Lilani's bed. I smile, knowing we made the right choice.
###chapter 20

Lisa's POV

I was busy making coffee when Antonio came in. "Mrs. Mancini, Mr. Mancini wants to see you. His in the office." Antonio says. "Thank you, Antonio." I walk to the office. "You wanted to see me?" I ask as soon as I enter. "Yes, I'm going out for a while. Don't wait up, and if you need anything, just call Antonio." Alessandro informs me. "Alright, enjoy your evening," I said then leave.
Alessandro's POV
Antonio and I went to the apartment where Viola lives. Antonio knocks a few times before Viola opens the door.
I hear the door open and a scream, then she puts her arms around my neck and says, "I knew you would come to me; I just needed to be patient. Did you finally realize your little wife is too plain for someone with your status?" She asks me.
I push her away and ask Antonio to help me inside. Once inside, I say in a very cold voice, "Viola, I have done some research, and I must say I found some very interesting stuff. You may think that because I am blind, I won't find out who and what you are. TSK, TSK, do you even know who I am? Because, if you did, you wouldn't have dared to cross paths with me let alone messed with my wife."
Viola was silent for a few minutes before replying, "Of course, I know who you are; you are the most powerful man in the whole of Italy; everyone fears the ruthless Alessandro Mancini, you have connections with a lot of people, even the mafia; I know there are rumors that you are also a mafia. I did all of that because I love you. I have been watching you ever since Bianca left you."
"O, for fuck's sake, you only love the idea of my fucking money, let me tell you what I know about you, you grew up in a poor household, your father was a drunk who loved to gamble, and your mother was a crack whore who couldn't keep her legs closed even if she got paid to do it, and you began to sleep with rich married men only to blackmail them for money. I am going to give you two options: once you leave this country and never return if you do I am going to find out and then make you pay with your life, two you are going to become the whore we both know you are, and sell you to Johnny Gravano. The choice is yours. I give you ten minutes to think about it." I tell her in a cold voice.
I hear Viola gulp she knows she messed with the wrong guy and that Johnny Gravano is one of the biggest mafia known in Italy he is ruthless and doesn't give a shit about who he has to kill to get what he wants. I stood up and went outside with Antonio. I just hope she makes the right decision. Sometime later I asked Antonio to take him back.
"Have you made a decision? Your time is up." I asked impatiently.
"Yes, I will leave the country," Viola finally says.
"Great, you made the right choice. I give you twenty-four hours, then I want you gone," I calmly say.
Standing up, I asked Antonio to escort me back to the car. Inside the car, I say,
"Antonio keeps an eye on Viola and makes sure she leaves the country."
"I will do it, boss." Antonio replies, and Piero starts driving back to the mansion.
At the mansion, I asked Antonio to take me to my room. Antonio helps me to the bathroom and then says "Good night, Mr. Mancini".
I nod and say, Goodnight, Antonio." I take a shower and think about today's events. Viola has tested my patients, I will not tolerate anyone who messes with me or my family. I'm known to be ruthless, and I have been associated with the mafia. I may not be in the mafia, but I have a few best friends who are in the mafia, they have been friends for as long as he can remember. Johnny, Kevin Salvatore, Jake Bilotti, and I grew up together; we were best friends.
When I lost my eyes, I started hanging out with them less; they would always call to check up on me, I have to admit I miss them; maybe I should stop pushing everyone away.
The only ones I can't push away are my brother, Sophia, and grandparents. They just don't listen to me when they come here whenever they want. Sophia is Kevin's little sister. She and Gabriele were inseparable since they were small. Gabriele always took her sweets or teased her until she cried. I always told Kevin that Sophia and Gabriele will get married, but then Kevin would threaten Gabriel saying he would chop off his manhood if he touches his sister, eventually Kevin got used to the idea of Gabriele and Sophia.
I went to bed and then turned toward Lisa. I know I don't love her, but I get this urge to protect her at all costs. If only I could see her. I can't wait for the eye operation. Only Antonio and Leonardo know about the operation that will soon take place. I don't want to tell anybody else if the operation doesn't work. I don't want pity.
I should probably tell Lisa about everything except the operation. With that thought, I fell asleep.
Lisa's POV
The next morning, I woke up with Alessandro's arms around me. Carefully not to wake him. I removed his hand and went to the bathroom, once I'm finished I go downstairs to prepare breakfast, just as I was finished everyone was seated at the table.
Today is Saturday, and I want to take Lilani to the park. "Alice, I'm taking Lilani to the park later if you want to come along." I tell her.
"Thank you, Mrs. Mancini; I will love to go along". Alice replies.
"Please call me Lisa, you make me feel old calling me Mrs. Mancini." Alice laughs but agrees to call me by my name.
"Lisa, when breakfast is finished I would like to talk to you," Alessandro says. Breakfast was finished, and I went with Alessandro to his office.
"I would like to invite some of my friends over, but first I have to tell you who and what they are," Alessandro says.
"Alright, you make it sound like they are serial killers." I joke.
"I have three best friends; they will look like they are bad, but once you get to know them, you will like them. I trust them with my life. We grew up together." Alessandro tells me
"Alright, I would love to meet them. When do you want to invite them over?" I asked.
"Tomorrow, we can have a BBQ." He informs me.
Alright, I will get everything we need," I say once again.
"One more thing, all three of them are mafia members." I look at Alessandro, trying to process what he just said.
"They won't harm you, Lisa; like I said, I trust them with my life," Alessandro says when I don't say anything.
"Okay, I trust you," I say.
"Thank you, and from now on, you don't have to worry about Viola." I heard him say
"Why? What happened?" I asked curiously.
Alessandro shook his head and replied, "Last night I went over to her apartment and told her to leave this country forever." He tells me as if it's something he's used to doing. I know there's more to the story, but don't ask further.
"I see. Thank you, Alessandro," I say.
As I was about to leave, I asked, "Do you want to go with us to the park today?" Alessandro runs his hands through his hair before saying, "I would love to; thank you for inviting me".
Grandma and grandpa ask if they could come along before they head back to their home.
"I would love for you to come along." I smile at Grandma. At the park, Lilani takes Alessandro's hand and leads him to the swing. Grandma, grandpa, Alice, and I watch as Alessandro pushes Lilani on one of the swings.
"They love each other," Grandpa says.
"Yes, Lilani is very fond of Alessandro, and it seems he's fond of her as well," I say watching as Lilani laughs and notices the smile on Alessandro's face. It's a good thing I invited him. Lilani enjoys the park very much. She loves the pond, where she can feed the ducks. I made us a picnic basket, and we enjoyed lunch here in the park.
"Thank you for the picnic, Lisa; this was delicious," Alessandro tells me. I smile and tell Lilani to get ready. Four hours later, we decide to go back to the mansion for Lilani to take a rest.
"We will be going as well, Lisa, my dear. Take good care of this hard head, please." I hear Grandma say this when we are at the mansion.
"I will, I promise. Thank you guys for everything." I smiled sadly. I can't believe how much they have grown on me in such a short period of time.
Lilani, my dear child, take care, and as soon as you can travel, I will come and get you to visit us," Grandma tells Lilani.
"Goodbye grandma, grandpa. I'm going to miss you," Lilani says as she hugs them. I took Lilani's hand and watched the two old people greet Alessandro and get into the car.
Alright, Lilani, time for a nap," I say, taking her hand. For the rest of the day, Alessandro works in his office. I went to get him when dinner was ready.
"My friends will be here tomorrow at 11:00," Alessandro informs me.
"Thank you for letting me know," I reply.
The next morning, I was busy preparing for Alessandro's friends. I decided to make a potato salad and "Paptert". Just as I was finishing, the doorbell rang. Wiping my hands quickly, I went to open the door, and as I opened it, three huge ass men stood in front of me.
"O, I see he got himself a keeper; that's why he didn't want us around", the guy with blond hair and green eyes says. The others nodded in response, and I stepped aside so they could come inside.
"Alessandro Mancini gets your ass down here this instant." The blond guy shouts out as Alessandro makes his appearance.
"Wow, I'm blind, not fucking deaf, Johnny", Alessandro says to the man.
"Hey guys, I'm glad you could make it," Alessandro tells his friends. They hug each other.
"Now will you introduce us to this beauty that opened the door for us?" The guy with dark brown hair, brown eyes, and tattoos all over his arms asked
Lisa, come here, please. Guys, this is Lisa, my wife, and Lisa, these clowns here are my so-called friends, Johnny Gravano is the blond, Kevin Salvatore is the one with dark brown hair, and Jake Bilotti is the one with black hair," He introduces us.
"Hi, guys, A pleasure to finally meet you." I greet them with a handshake.
"We are honored to finally meet the girl that took Bianca's place," Johnny tells me with a smile.
Lilani comes down, and before I can reply, she comes standing next to Alessandro, asking, "Who's yelling so loud? You know we are not deaf around here", she says with her hands on her heaps, looking at the three strange men with angry eyes before continuing, "Who are you and what do you want with Ali?" Lilani demands.
The three of them look at each other and start laughing at the little girl in front of them.

###chapter 21


Alessandro's POV

I hear Lilani ask, "Why are they laughing at me, Ali?" I bent down to her and said, "They think they are funny, but they don't have any manners." I tell her.
Lilani replied with a small "Okay". Then I hear her introducing herself: "Hey, I'm Lilani, Lisa and Ali's favorite sister." Johnny greets her first, "Hey little one, I'm Johnny," and then I hear the other two.
"Hey, Lilani, we are Alessandro's best friends; I'm Kevin," Kevin says to Lilani.
"And I'm Jake". I hear them introduce themselves to her.
"I'm playing with Nonna if you need me," Lilani says to us.
"Okay, no running around," Lisa tells her. She's very protective of Lilani. Lisa takes my hand and says, "Let's go sit outside." She tells us Johnny and the other two follow us outside.
"I will be right back; I'm just going to get some beer," Lisa says, then walks back inside.
You've got yourself a keeper there, Mancini. Dammit, I wish I had a girl like that. Where did you find her?" Kevin asked.
I shake my head and say, "It's a long story, guys; I will tell you another day".
"I hear Viola left the country, and her parents still owe me money." Johnny suddenly says
"Yes, I made her leave, but Antonio didn't see anyone else with her at the airport". I say.
"How did you manage to get her to leave? You never told us what happened when we talked yesterday". Johnny asked me.
"She caused trouble; I went over to her apartment and threatened that I would sell her to you." I simply shrug.
"You think I would want her? Dammit, luckily she chose to leave. Yesterday, when you told us about Viola, I remembered that her father owns me money. That's when I heard from my men that she was gone, as well as her parents. Johnny explains.
"Well, all that matters is that she's out of my life. I will ask my men who are watching her to let me know if her parents are with her." I tell him.
"Let me know what you find out," Johnny says.
"Tell me, how did you manage to get Lisa? Does she know you're a dickhead?" Jake asks about changing the subject.
"Haha, very funny," I reply.
"O, I think she married Mr. Hotness over here because of his dick guys. Remember in school how every girl he slept with fell in love with the man?" Kevin says, and I know what he's talking about.
What was the name of the girl who named him Hulk? Kevin continues laughing.
I hold three fingers up and say, "Choose one Barbie." Everyone laughs at Kevin's nickname, which he got from me in school. It's good to have my friends back.
"But know how you two met, and how long have you been married?" Jake asks in a serious manner.
"Like I said, it's a long story, and if I am not mistaken, we have been married for a month now," I tell them. I hear Lilani running and sitting next to me.
"Are all of you friends with Ali?" Lilani asks them.
Yes, little one, we are all friends of Alessandro," Jake says.
"Wow, Ali, you have a lot of friends. They are just as huge as you are." Lilani whispers or tries to whisper, but I guess the guys heard her.
"Yeah, we all like to stay fit," Kevin tells her.
"Okay, that explains why you all look like Iron Man". Lilani declares.
"How do you know what Ironman looks like?" Kevin asked her.
"I actually have all the action figures at home," Lilani explains.
"Why thank you, little one?" Kevin says. Lilani tells me she's going to go to Alice again before her sister goes all hulk on her for running around. Lisa appears and asks
"Do you need more beer? Antonio is on his way with the cooler box now." Then I felt her sit next to me.
"Thank you, but we are still alright," Johnny says.
"So tell me, Lisa, how did you and Alessandro meet? Because this dickhead was so stubborn that he even pushed us his best friends away, we cried for days, ate ice cream, and cried some more", Kevin says, making crying sounds.
Kevin, shut the fuck up; you make us sound like a bunch of pussies", Johnny says.
"He didn't tell you?" Lisa asked, her voice filled with confusion.
"No, I left the story for you to tell, honey," I tell her sweetly.
"I think you should do the honor of telling our love story." I tell her, silently hoping I don't regret it.
"Are you absolutely certain, my love?" Lisa asks sweetly. I nod and Lisa begins to tell
Well, you see, Alessandro always went to the park with Antonio, my sister, and I was on vacation at that time and went to the same park. Lilani went up to him and began calling him Papa. Alessandro became pale as a ghost and asked Antonio to describe the little girl. Alessandro's face was laced with guilt. Lilani does look like him, with black hair, brown eyes, and tanned skin." Lisa paused and squeezed my hand, making me regret my decision.
"So I walked up and apologized for Lilani's behavior, then Alessandro here began to stutter, "I... do I... know you? Exactly how old is the girl? At first, I didn't know what he was talking about, but then Lilani told me she had found her father. You guys should have seen his face; it was priceless. I swear, I have never seen a guy struggle to say a word before. I told him the truth, and he relaxed immediately.
Before I could go, Antonio came running up to me and told me Alessandro wanted to go on a date. We went on a few dates, and one night he went down on his knees and said, "Lisa, honey, you are an amazing woman; you love me and I love you, so let's get married", I said yes, of course. He didn't want a big wedding or to wait long, so two days later we got married, but I didn't make it to the honeymoon because Mr. Hulk over here kept me busy in his room for three days straight." Lisa ends her story and then puts her hand on mine and squeezes it.
Dammit, this woman asks for trouble. "I told you one of these days your ex-girl would show up with your kid," Johnny laughed.
"I must admit I thought Lilani was his daughter; they look alike," Jake says.
They made some more jokes at my expense.
"Alright, but seriously, Lisa, thank you for whatever you did; we got our best friend back," Kevin says seriously. Everyone cheered at that.
"I didn't do anything; this was his decision." Lisa replied. I feel like they are all staring at me.
"You did miss us, to your knucklehead". All three of them say it together. Lisa stands up and says, "I'm going to get the meat. You guys can take care of that." Then head inside.
We enjoy the rest of the day outside, telling stories to Lisa and asking her about herself. I'm strangely proud that his best friends and Lisa get along great. After we ate, the guys went to my private bar, and Lisa went to clean the kitchen.
"I like Lisa; she is fun and down to earth," Jake tells me.
Yes, I agree, she doesn't seem like Bianca, who was just with you for your money," Kevin also says. I listen to my friends talk about my wife-how beautiful she is, smart, funny, and knows how to have fun. I knew my friends never really liked Bianca. Whenever they were there, Bianca seemed upset and didn't talk to them; she would take my card and go shopping instead. Come to think of it, Lisa has never asked for any money since we got married.
I suddenly heard Lisa say, "Hi guys, thank you for coming today; it was nice meeting all of you; don't be strangers".
Lisa greets them and then says to me, "You can catch up with your friends; I will be heading to bed."
"Sweet dreams, honey, and thank you for everything today." I softly tell her, hoping that she won't read too much into the nickname.
Lisa's POV
The endearment Alessandro uses the whole day makes me feel happy, but I know it's just a show in front of his friend. I went to take a shower and thought of his friends. They seem happy to have Alessandro back; I can tell they are close. His friends don't look scary at all, and I like them. I stepped out of the shower, wrapped the towel around me, and went to the closet to get dressed. I quickly dressed and then went to Lilani. When I got there, she was already fast asleep. She enjoyed today. I think she overdid herself with all the playing. I walk up to Lilani and kiss her. Goodnight, baby girl". I softly said, Then I went back to our room.
Alessandro's POV
The guys and I spent the rest of the night drinking and playing games. "What is wrong with Lilani?" Kevin asked.
"I noticed she had a haircut, and Lisa was very protective towards her".
Alright, let me tell you the short version of everything. During Lisa and her sister's vacation, Lilani suddenly lost consciousness a few days after their arrival. Shockingly, the doctor informed Lisa that her sister was suffering from a brain tumor. Lisa cried in the park; grandma and grandpa went over to her, and she told them everything. Grandma made an offer to her. She will give the money for the operation if she will marry me, and the rest is history". I tell them about their parents' car accident.
"Wow, that's sad. Lilani means everything to Lisa; I can clearly see that. You've got a great girl now, Alessandro. Do not distance yourself from her. Johnny tells me
"I won't push her away, but I will never love her. I only love one woman, and you guys know it. Lisa is becoming a great friend to me." I say.
"All we ask is for you to give Lisa a chance," Kevin also says.
"I will think about it. I don't want to give her the wrong idea and break her heart; she doesn't deserve that." I say it again.
The four of us drink and play games until past twelve, when Johnny says it's time to go.
"We will visit you soon, and you know you are always welcome at our house," Jake says. We hug each other, and then I hear them leave. I press the button to call Antonio. Not long after calling him, Antonio came.
"Mr. Mancini, it's nice to see you smile again. I am also glad you finally reached out to your friends." Antonio says it truthfully.
I nod and say, "Yes, it's nice having my friends back." We went to the bedroom. I wash and then go to bed. I think about everything my friends told me. I know I have a soft spot for Lisa, but that can't be love. I must just tell her that we can be friends and not to expect anything more. With that thought, I fell asleep.

###chapter 22

Lisa's POV
Alessandro and I have been married for four months now. Lilani is doing great, and it seems the chemo is working. Alessandro came to me the day after his friends were here and told me that we could only be friends. He told me that he didn't want to give me hope because he would never love me. 
Although it felt like someone had stuck a knife in my heart, I decided that it was best if I kept my feelings aside. Lilani has been going to school not far from the mansion; she enjoys school and has made some friends. 

Alice is still part of the household; she became part of the family for everyone and was loved by everyone. Sophia and Gabriele are now almost six months pregnant with a little girl. 

Gabriele is already overprotective, and Sophia isn't allowed to do anything. Johnny, Jake, and Kevin also come over regularly, or Alessandro and I go to one of their houses. The guys and I became like brothers and sisters to each other; they grew very fond of me and promised to protect me. Lilani feels like a princess every time they get her from school, saying they are her bodyguards. My Italian has improved since I started my lessons.
As usual, I went with him to his office to help him with paperwork and read memos to him. He says he wants to hear how my Italian is going. I was busy reading one memo when a woman came into the office where we sit. 

"Good morning, my dear Alessandro!" A very hoarse voice comes from the door. She steps closer and kisses Alessandro full on the mouth. 

"I have missed you, baby", she says, and then turns and looks sharply at me before saying, 

"Please get me a chair and put it next to Mr. Mancini, then you can go. I will watch over your patient."

"Wait a minute," Alessandro says with a cold voice. 

"Lisa isn't just my nurse, Bianca. Allow me to introduce you to my remarkable wife, Lisa Mancini," he asserts, firmly gripping my hand. His voice turns icy as he continues, "This woman beside me is my former fiancé, Bianca Lombardi." When she heard I was blind, she left me for someone else and then got engaged to him. I would love to know why she is here in my office".

"I already told you I have missed you very much, Alessandro," Bianca says sweetly while pulling a chair closer. 

"I left Lucas a few months ago". Bianca says. When Alessandro doesn't reply, she frowns and continues, "I didn't know you got married, baby; your wife looks like a schoolgirl."

"I think it's because she is small and tiny", Alessandro says with a cold voice. 

"Lisa will turn twenty-five years old in a few months, so she can't be a child."

"It's true," the blond girl says with distaste. 

"She's not a child, but she is still young for you; you are thirty- two-years-old after all, baby".

"Oh, would you like to see me with an old woman?" Alessandro says. I smile amusedly behind my hand, pretending not to hear anything. 

Bianca's face flushes with a mix of annoyance and embarrassment, yet she maintains her composure as she delicately inquires, "Darling, if you don't mind me asking, how long have you been married?"

"There's nothing mysterious about our marriage, Bianca. We were married very quietly here in the garden of my mansion four months ago because my sister-in-law was very ill at the time," Alessandro says calmly. 

"So, then you've been married for four months," Bianca says with a frown. 

"Well, I must say it did not take you long to forget me, or did you perhaps marry in the hope that you would be able to forget me?" 

Alessandro laughs briefly and bitterly and then says with a sarcastic tone, "What makes you think that I've missed you, Bianca? Or did you think that I would be sulking because the woman I once loved left me? I was never one to sulk, Bianca ". 

Bianca looks at Alessandro sharply.
"Well, I have to say you could have waited a few months longer with this marriage."

"I see no reason why Lisa and I should postpone our marriage, Bianca," Alessandro says, getting angry. 

"We are happy, and I want nothing more from life except to have the use of my eyes again and maybe some children."
I put the Memo back on the table. 

Alessandro, honey, I'm just going to the bathroom, then we can go and have some lunch," I tell him, smiling at Bianca. 

Alright, baby, I will wait for you to come back," Alessandro tells me, kissing my hand. I quickly left the office, realizing that I would lose my temper and tell the girl exactly what I thought of her. When she had Alessandro, she didn't want him because he was blind and his grandfather took care of most of the business, but now that he's married, he's suddenly good enough, and she wants him back. I can't understand why Alessandro doesn't send her away; of course, he still loves her, which is why he allows her to stay. I don't know what he sees in her, because she looks like a real-life Barbie doll with all that make-up and the short dress she's wearing. She looks like she's going to a strip club. I suddenly realized that I feel jealous that Bianca is the one to whom Alessandro's heart belongs. I quickly went inside the bathroom and washed my face. 

Deciding to go back, I spot Leonardo. "Leonardo, will you please ask to make an extra place ready at our usual place?" I asked him. 

Yes, Mrs. Mancini, but if I may ask why?" Leonardo asks me 

"Well, I assume that Mr. Mancini's ex-fiancé will come along," I inform him. 

"Wait, is she still in there?" He is surprised. 
"Yes, I don't think she's going to leave soon." I smiled sadly. 
"I hope she realizes that it will be shameless to stay for lunch, Mrs. Mancini," Leonardo says. 

"I don't think Bianca knows what that word means, Leonardo," I say. 

"If I summarized her upright, and I think I did, she's going to do everything in her power to win Alessandro back." 

Leonardo looks at me. "I don't think she's going to succeed, Mrs. Mancini," Leonardo assures me.

"Mr. Mancini won't let her make a fool of him twice, and I think he's falling for you." Leonardo continues.

"Oh, I think you're mistaken, Leonardo, and if he does decide to get back together with her, I will let him go," I say with a sad smile and walk back to the office. I opened the door and wasn't surprised when I saw that Bianca was still there. 

"Alessandro, honey, it's time for lunch," I say as sweetly as I can. 

Bianca quickly stands up and says, "I will take him out to lunch". I hear the bitch say. 

"Bianca is joining us for lunch; Lisa, can you ask Leonardo to phone them for an extra seat?", Alessandro informs me. 

"I already asked him, my love," I say. 

Alessandro takes my hand and says, "I prefer that my wife take me to the restaurant and not you."

" So now, after everything...

"You're not part of our family, Bianca. You're not my wife," he tells her with a hint of anger. "Moreover, what kind of impression will people have if I'm seen with another woman who isn't my wife? We will meet you at the place." He says this to her again. I look up at Bianca and notice her face going red with anger. Her lips were pressed together. I can see she has not succeeded in making Alessandro fall for her. 
I took Alessandro's arm and felt his big hand search for mine, find it, and gently slide his fingers through mine. 

"At least you have tiny hands, my little one", I hear him say with a friendly smile on his face. 

"Yes, it's a shame," I smile back, "That not everyone is blessed with a long, slender body."

"You don't need to envy tall, slender girls at all, my love," I hear Alessandro say lovingly again. 

"I prefer petite women that I can protect." I notice how Bianca watches me from the corner of my eye. She doesn't hide her anger and envy, because her face reveals every emotion. We walk to the elevator and step inside. 

"Bianca, you can catch the other elevator that everyone else uses. This is my one." Alessandro tells her. 

"What!" Bianca shouts. 

"Do you want dinner with us or not?" Alessandro asks, getting irritated. 

Yes, babe, I will see you at the restaurant." She quickly says this before running out of the office. 
Bianca's POV
I realize I made a mistake when I broke off our engagement at the time. Now he is married, and it is going to be a battle to put an end to his marriage. I refuse to believe that he forgot me and that someone else has already taken my place in his heart. I will not rest until I win Alessandro and his billions for myself again. The fact that he is blind no longer matters as long as his grandparents don't have anything to do with his business. That's all that matters. 

I want him back, and I will do anything in my power to get him back. Just wait and see, Alessandro. As long as he doesn't find out that Lucas is gone, he left all his money to him. Yes, I cheated on Alessandro with his cousin after finding out he would take over the family business, but a few months ago I came to realize that their grandparents run the show and that Lucas only takes care of his own small business. I was so mad that I phoned my father to get rid of the lying bastard, and that's when I heard that Alessandro was still CEO of the company. I finally reached the place, stopping right behind them. Getting out of the car, I noticed his grandparents and a little girl. Great, do they have to be here?

Lisa's POV

"Lisa, my dear. How are you doing?" Grandma asks as soon as I get out of the car. 

"Hello Grandma, I'm doing well; thank you for asking." I smiled at her. Alessandro takes my hand and greets his grandparents. 

"What's she doing here?" Grandma asks when Bianca steps out of her car. 

"Grandma! She will be joining us for lunch." Alessandro tells her. 

"I don't want her here!" Grandma continues to argue. 

"I told her to come, so just bear with it, alright?" Alessandro rudely tells his grandma, but before she can say anything, Bianca appears. 

"O, grandma! I have missed you." She says she wants to hug Grandma. 

"I didn't miss you, and please don't call me grandma; it's Mrs. Mancini to you". Grandma says to her. Bianca looks at Grandma, then at Alessandro, hoping he will defend her. 
"Let's go inside," Alessandro says. 
"I will take him," Bianca says, stepping forward. 

"No, his wife will take him inside." Grandma stops her. I hide my smile and take Alessandro's hand, leading him inside. 

"We have a reservation under Mancini," Grandpa tells the waitress. 






###chapter 23
"Alright, follow me." She smiles and walks towards our table.
During lunch, Bianca skillfully captivates Alessandro's attention by engaging him in conversation as though they were the only two people at the table. Grandma looks like she's going to kill her any minute now with the looks she's sending Bianca's way. Grandpa looked at Bianca disapprovingly and tried to save his grandson from her by discussing some unimportant matters with him, but Bianca's determination is getting worse, and Antonio too had to watch silently as she rudely interrupted everyone who talks to Alessandro, until Lilani frowned at Bianca. 

"You know it's bad manners to pretend the rest of us aren't here; Nonno is talking to Ali, but you keep interrupting. " Bianca looks at Lilani sharply and then says, 

"Didn't your parents teach you any manners? Who are you, in any case? And who is your Ali? His name is Alessandro." Lilani stands up and walks up to Bianca with her hands on her hips, rolling her eyes when she says, "I'm Lilani, Lisa's sister, and my parents taught me better manners than you will ever have, and Ali doesn't care that I call him that"! Everyone at the table was amused by Lilani's short temper towards Bianca. 

Alessandro, darling, are you going to let a little uneducated child talk to me like that?" Bianca asks seriously. 

"I'm afraid you're the grown-up Bianca, but Lilani is right; she may call me Ali if you don't like it; it's your problem. If I ever hear you refer to her as uneducated, then I'm going to forget I'm a man and throw you out myself. Please remember in the future that you're just a guest; the rest of the people here at the table are family." Alessandro says cold. Lilani sits down with Alessandro and starts talking to him. Bianca is furious. 

The waitress asks if we want anything else, "Just the bill, please." Alessandro says. We paid for lunch and went outside. After greeting grandma, grandpa, and Lilani, I took Alessandro back to the office. I carefully helped him sit, then I politely apologized and went back home after telling Leonardo. 

Arriving home, I went to Lilani and found her with Alice. I spent the rest of the afternoon with them. I see no reason why I should sit and be bored in Alessandro and Bianca's company all afternoon. Although I don't know her, I do know that she is the woman that Alessandro loves and whom he has been missing for months. He would welcome being alone with his lover.

Later in the afternoon, Alessandro arrives, and Antonio comes and tells me that Alessandro wants to see me in his office. I close the door softly and ask calmly, "Is there anything I can do for you, Alessandro?" 

"Yes, you can tell me where you were the whole afternoon!" Alessandro exclaimed in a cold voice. I immediately know I'm in trouble, my voice sounding tired when I softly say, "I didn't hide, Alessandro; I was with Lilani to see what I could help her with."

"I don't care what you have done. You know as well as I do that your place is next to mine when we have guests, but you have deliberately disobeyed my orders today!" he says bitterly. 

"I didn't do it out of spite", I defend myself. 

"Bianca is very special, I thought, since she is the woman you love, you would like to be alone with her."

"I didn't ask you to think for me, Lisa. Your duties are to carry out my orders punctually without interfering with my affairs or acting at your discretion. I repeat, when we have guests, you must stay by my side until the last guest leaves, no matter who the guests are! "

I really hope Bianca won't be coming over tomorrow. It's Friday, and I have to accompany Lilani for her chemo session. The words slipped out before I even realized it. If I'm right, Bianca will be a regular guest from now on here and at his office. 

"I will excuse you when you have to take Lilani to chemo and when you have to attend Professor Bove's classes. But otherwise, I expect you to do your duty punctually as my wife when we have guests." I hear Alessandro say, "Anyway, I think it's time to get ready for dinner."

###chapter 24

Lisa's POV
I was right; it wasn't even ten on a Friday morning when Bianca's car stopped in front of the mansion. I was busy making us coffee when Alessandro asked. "Whose car door did I just hear, Lisa?" Alessandro wants to know with a frown. 
"It's your lover, Alessandro". I can't keep the anger out of my voice. 

"What did you expect?" Alessandro wants to know with a smile. 

"That she will visit you every day..." Bianca's appearance shut me up, but I felt how anger burned inside me when the blond went up to Alessandro and kissed him. Then she pulls a chair next to Alessandro and starts chatting with him as if I weren't here. I watched Alessandro's handsome face. 

Maybe I can read his feelings for Bianca. Then I realized, with a shock, that I loved him. How and when it happened, I'm not sure; I just know that I love this man.
I feel how every drop of blood leaves my face when I realize that my love for him is doomed because Bianca, the only one he loves, has returned to win him back.
I turn my head away and look at the flowers. When lunch is ready, I feel relieved. After lunch, I can take Lilani to the chemo and be alone with my thoughts.

It's a hot, sunny day. I went inside with Lilani to make sure she was alright, then I went outside to get some water from the cafeteria. I'm so deep in thought, that I don't hear footsteps behind me. I got startled when a voice suddenly said behind me, "Is this seat taken?" 

I stand up and look at the man before saying with a cold voice, "I don't know you; please leave me alone."

"Let me introduce myself. I am Mr. Lombardi, Bianca's father." 

"I don't care who you are, Mr. Lombardi," I interrupt. "Leave me alone".

"But you are so beautiful, Mrs. Mancini. How can anyone leave you alone?" The man laughs as if he just heard a joke. 

"I think I should just take you and give you to my nephew, then Bianca can have Alessandro back. Besides, he loves Bianca, and with you there in the way, he will never take Bianca back". I walk past him in Piero's direction, just as someone tries to grab me. Piero comes to my rescue. He tells me to go inside the hospital and stay there. I run towards the hospital with Piero watching me until I'm inside. A sight of relief escapes Piero when he sees me, and after Lilani is done, the three of us go back to the mansion. 

Alice takes Lilani to her room to rest while I go to tell Alessandro that I have returned. When I enter the room, Piero is already there. 

"Who tried to take you, Lisa? Piero just told me what happened, and he saw you talking to an older man in the cafeteria". Alessandro asked. 

Bianca keeps quiet and looks pale. "It was Bianca's father. He told me he would take me to his nephew because Bianca and you will never get back together as long as I am here," I told him with anger clear in my voice. 

"I don't know how he knew that I would be at the hospital. He walked straight up to me, even though I had never seen him in my life." 

Bianca's face is red with anger, but she manages to say. "I don't think it was that bad, Lisa...."

"Maybe not to you, Bianca" I interrupted, angry, "But his behavior was scary, and I felt threatened".

"I will talk to my father and bring him here tomorrow morning to apologize." Bianca tries to talk the whole situation away. 

"Thank you, but that won't be necessary; I don't wish to see or talk to him", I say very angrily. 

Bianca stands up and apologizes, saying, "I'm sorry, but I have to go now." And leave quickly. That's strange, I thought. I notice Alessandro's silence, "Excuse me, I don't want to interfere with your affairs, Alessandro, but if you want a divorce, to marry Bianca ... I mean, it's clear that she wants you back, and Lilani and I can go back to South Africa tomorrow. Our passports are still valid!"

"It would be better if you didn't say anything more, Lisa." He says with anger. 

"I do not need anyone's advice! And never talk about going back to South Africa again. Do not try to run away either, because I will find you wherever you run to. I know you have often regretted this marriage. But just remember, you were willing to marry me when you needed money. "

"There's no need for you to remind me about everything, Alessandro". I told him ashamed. 

"I was just suggesting it because I know how much you love Bianca..."

"You don't know anything," he interrupts her, "Stop thinking because clearly you are not qualified to do so and mind your own fucking business!" I just look at him. How dare this son of a bitch say this to me? I thought angry.
Bianca's POV
I arrived home and went straight to my father. "Daddy, you were so careless. Lisa told Alessandro everything!  We have to think about another plan. I informed her that you would apologize tomorrow morning. I say angry. 

"If that stupid girl hadn't run out of the cafeteria, we could have caught her. I will not go to that place". My father says this in a stern voice. 

"But I have to warn you, Alessandro will never leave a beauty like her for you".

"I didn't ask for your opinion, father; just get rid of her". I tell him. 

"Great, I'll get in touch with Donatello and make some plans with him. No need to worry, my princess, very soon you'll have Alessandro exclusively for yourself," Father says cunningly, grinning. 

"I better because I want him back with all of his money, and if his grandparents are going to stand in my way as well, get rid of them too," I tell my father. We are also mafia. The Lombardi's, but not as big as Gravano. My father deals with drugs, guns, and prostitution-yeah, human trafficking.
The next morning, Donatello arrived at my apartment. I look him up and down and say, "Glad to see you made it on time. Are you ready to meet Lisa? You know what to do?"

"I know what to do, Bianca; I'm not a fucking child", Donatello says angrily. 

"Don't fucking mess this up; I want her gone today!" He just nods and walks towards my car.
Lisa's POV
Lilani was busy reading for Alessandro and me when one of the maids came in and announced Bianca and another man's arrival. 

"So, she had brought her father with her? I just hope you don't expect me to talk to him, because I will forget that I am a woman and get nasty", I angrily tell him. 

"Don't worry about her father, Lisa; I will keep him company," Alessandro assures me. 

"Take me to the small living room, please, and remember your place is next to me. Lilani, honey, why don't you and Alice go to the park for a while?" Alessandro tells her. 

"Yes, the park. Alice! Alice!" Lilani shouts. 

"Yes, my dear?" 
"Ali said the two of us should go to the park". Alice looks at us, and I nod. Alice took Lilani's hand, and they went to the kitchen, probably to get a basket and food. 

"Don't worry, I won't leave you alone with those two", I take his arm and say, "You can get mad, but I don't care, I don't trust them".

"I won't get mad", Alessandro says softly with a smile. I led him to our guests, hoping Lilani wouldn't come in. Bianca and a younger-looking man were standing when we entered the living room.

"Alessandro, honey, Daddy couldn't make it, so he sent Donatello to apologize on his behalf." Bianca immediately says this as she walks up to Alessandro and kisses him. My body stiffened at the sight of this. Alessandro noticed it and stroked my hand with his thumb. 

"Your father could have just phoned; there was no need for the two of you to come all the way", I say harshly. 

"I will take Alessandro to a chair; Donatello wants to talk to you", Bianca says. 

"No need for that; I don't have anything to say to him, and he can talk in front of Alessandro, I will take him myself," I say in a cold voice. 

"I am sorry if I did anything wrong", Bianca angrily says. "I don't want to stand here the whole day listening to your apologies, Bianca".
 
Alessandro turns to me and says with love in his voice, "Please take me to the couch, my love". Alessandro and Donatello begin to talk about business, pretending that nothing has happened. After something to drink, Donatello asks for a bathroom. 

"Lisa can show him, you won't mind, will you, Alessandro?" Bianca suggests. My whole body stiffens, and I silently wish Alessandro would say no. 

"Lisa, love, will you please show our guest the bathroom", Alessandro says. I stand up and walk out of the room. 

On my way up, I hear Donatello say, "Bianca and her father never mentioned how beautiful you are; I think I might have to keep you for myself, Lisa". I ignored his comment. 

I finally arrived in the bathroom and said, "Here is the bathroom; you know your way back", Just as I turned around, Donatello reaches for my arm and pulled me back, "I didn't say you could leave, give those two some time alone, you know they still love each other, plus I can think of many ways to keep you busy," 

Donatello tells me with a smirk. I try to pull my arm away, but he just holds it tighter. "Leave me, or I will scream. Do you hear me?" I threatened him. 

"O, sweetheart, I dare you to scream; if you do, you will wish you never did. Now be a good girl and show me a way out where no one can see us," Donatello says with an evil glint in his eyes. I must think fast because if I go with him, I might never see anyone again. 

"Fine, I will show you; just follow me", I say, scared. 

"O no, sweetheart, I'm not letting you go; don't try anything funny because you will regret it". He threatens. I nod and lead us towards the stairs. As I almost reached the stairs, I stomped my foot hard on his, and he let out a yelp and let go of me. I ran for the stairs without looking back, then I felt someone from behind pushing me. I lost my balance and let out a scream as I fell down the stairs. 





###chapter 25
Alessandro's POV
"What was that?" I asked when I heard the scream. 

"Oh, I didn't hear anything, darling," Bianca says. I call out for Antonio, and not long after, Antonio appears and says with fear in his voice, "Leonardo is calling the ambulance, Mr. Mancini. Mrs. Mancini fell down the stairs and appeared to be unconscious".

"Take me to her immediately, how the hell did this happen?" I demand. Bianca offers to take me to Lisa when she puts her arms around me. 

"I have asked Antonio to, so get your hands off me". I tell her angrily. Bianca steps away, scared. We reached Lisa, and Antonio let me go. I sit down with her head in my arms. 

"I want to know what the fuck happened here; Donatello, you were the last one with my wife", I ask him. 

"I don't know Mr. Mancini; she showed me the bathroom and then left", Donatello tells me, just as I want to say something when the paramedics arrive. 

They examine Lisa and treat her head wound. "I'm sorry, Mr. Mancini, but we have to take your wife to the hospital this instant", one of them says. I nod and then tell Antonio, "Call Alice and tell her what happened; we will keep her informed, but if she cannot tell Lilani about what happened, then I want you to take me to the hospital; the rest who aren't family must leave this place now!" 
Bianca's POV
I feel my anger rising; how dare he send me away? I must think of a way to get rid of that bitch once and for all. I tell Donatello to get the car, then walk up to Alessandro and kiss him. 

Alessandro pushes me away and says in a cold, angry voice, "Do that again, and I will feed you to the sharks", I look at him shocked, then turn around and run out of the house.

Alessandro's POV
Antonio and I reached the hospital, and we quickly went to the emergency room. "I want to know how my wife is doing." I command. 

Sir, will you please take a seat? The doctors will be with you as soon as possible", the nurse at the station says. 

"I want to know where my fucking wife is and if she is alright", I shout out now, very angry. Antonio calms me and tells me the doctor will be here shortly. I'm scared for the first time in my life. Why did I send her with Donatello? Why don't things add up? I want to know what happened and if Lisa will be alright. All these things go through my head. 

"Mrs. Mancini's family?" A doctor asks, and I get up, and Antonio walks with me to the doctor. 

"I am her husband, Mr. Mancini; please tell me she is alright," I ask with sadness and guilt in my voice.
 
"Mrs. Mancini is...

###chapter 26


Alessandro's POV
"Mrs. Mancini is alright. She's got a concussion, a broken arm, and bruises from the fall. I am going to keep her overnight to keep a close eye on her. She was incredibly fortunate that it turned out to be only a concussion and not something more severe. Considering the distance she fell down the stairs, one would expect greater harm, yet miraculously, she shielded her head from hitting the stairs, resulting in a broken arm instead." 

The doctor informed me, "O, and one last thing, are you abusing your wife, Mr. Mancini? I found a large bruise on her arm; it looks like someone grabbed her and pressed very tight".
"Thank you, doctor, and to answer your question, no, I don't abuse my wife, but I will find out who did it to her," I tell the doctor in a stern voice. The doctor tells us where Lisa's room is, and just as Antonio wants to walk to Lisa, Johnny, Jake, and Kevin come up to us. 
"We heard what happened, man. Will Lisa be okay? Johnny asks worriedly. 

"Yes, the doctor says she has a concussion; he wants to keep her here for the night. I was just on my way to her". I told them. 
"We will go with you", Kevin tells me. All of us went to Lisa's room. Once inside, I don't hear anything. 
"I assume she is asleep?", I ask them. 
"Yes, she is. What happened because she got bruises on her face and her arm is in a cast?" Jake wants to know, with anger clear in his voice.
I sigh and tell them about Bianca. "Are you fucking crazy? Why don't you just send the bitch away?" A very angry Johnny wants to know. 

"I don't know, guys. I mean, I love her, but I want to punish her", I told them truthfully. 

"You are a fucking idiot, I tell you; Bianca is responsible for this; if she is, I am going to slowly kill her for hurting my sister", Kevin says with anger. 

"Bianca was with me the whole time; she couldn't have done it. Don't you dare lay a finger on her," I say in a cold voice. 

"Wow, she still has you under her spell. But you keep on entertaining her. The rest of us will find out what happened," Jake said with disgust in his voice. Just then, the doctor comes in and says. "Mr. Mancini, if everything goes well, we will discharge Mrs. Mancini. needs to rest for at least a week or two. If she feels dizzy or vomits, you must bring her in asap. The cast will be on for at least eight weeks; after that, I will remove it and check if her arm has healed. I will prescribe the medicine she needs to take. Any other questions?"
 
"No, thank you, doctor," I reply. The five of us spent a few more minutes with Lisa when the nurse came to tell us that we must leave. When we got out of the hospital, I heard Bianca's. "Is Lisa okay, my poor baby?" Bianca asks sweetly.  
 
"What is this plastic doll doing here?" Kevin asks with disgust clear in his voice. 

"Excuse me, are you talking to me? I am here to support Alessandro, right, baby?" Bianca says it in a high-pitched voice. 

I hear the guy's snorts, and I say to Bianca in a hard voice, "I think you better leave. I told you before I only let family close to us, Bianca".

"Why am I not family, but these three are?", she asks in disbelief. 

"Well, duh, Barbie, Lisa is our sister from another mister; do you have a problem with that?" Kevin asked. 

"UGG, please, she is just using all of you, are you that blind", Bianca asks. 

Jake angrily replied, "No, she married Alessandro because she values him for who he is, not for his wealth and social standing. Unlike you, she knows how to truly enjoy life instead of constantly wasting money on shopping." 

"This is enough, Bianca. I won't say it again. Leave!" I yell. Bianca stomps her feet, and knowing her, she is probably sulking like a three-year-old who didn't get her way. 

Johnny makes a phone call to his men, "I want people outside Mrs. Mancini's hospital room this instant. If something happens to her, they will never find your body", Johnny tells the person on the other side. 
Back at the Mansion, Lilani ran up to me and the guys. "Ali, you're back. Where's my sister?" Lilani wants to know. 

"Hey, little one. Your sister is alright; she needs to stay in the hospital for today, but she will be home tomorrow morning, I promise," I assure Lilani. 

"What happened to her"? Lilani asks with fear in her voice. 

"She fell from the stairs, but she's going to be okay; it's just a broken arm," I tell her. 

"Ali, can you promise me?" Lilani tearfully asks. 

"I promise you, little one". I told her softly. 

"Hey, guys. What are you doing?" She asks them. 

"We came to visit you guys", Kevin says. 

"O really?" Lilani says, "I missed you."

"Yeah, we missed you too, princess", Johnny tells her. Maria came in and asked if she could speak to me for a minute. 

I nod, and she leads me to the office. "What is the problema, Maria?" I asked her. "Signor Mancini, I saw what happened to Mrs. Mancini. You see, I was busy in one of the guest rooms when I heard yelling, so I went closer to the door to listen." Maria says. 

She tells me everything she has witnessed. "Grazie, Maria, I will attend to this matter immediately." I tell her. 

"Can you call Johnny and the guys for me, please?"
 
"Yes, Mr. Mancini." With that, Maria walks out. I run my hands through my hair. I fucking can't believe it; I should have never sent Lisa with that bastard. 

This is my fault as well. Just then the door opens and Kevin speaks, "You called us?"

"Yes, Maria told me what happened. I want you guys to track down Donatello Costa for me and bring him to me. He wanted to kidnap Lisa for Bianca's father, but decided to keep her for himself. She struggled against him, and once she was free, she ran down the stairs, but he followed her and pushed her. He's going to pay for what he did to MY WIFE!" I told them angrily. 

"We are on it; we will find him, I promise". Jake says, and I can imagine his smirking. 

"We will come as soon as we find him", Kevin says. 

"You have to do it in three days; I am going away for a while in three days", I tell them. 

"What, are you taking Lisa on a honeymoon?" Kevin asked. 

"No, she doesn't know yet. I want to keep it a secret. I'm getting an eye operation on Thursday. I want you guys to look after my family while I'm gone." I finally told them. 

"Wow, I hope all goes well, bro, and don't worry, we will come and stay here till you get back; your family is safe with us," Johnny says. Jake and the rest want to know about the operation, I tell them everything, and after telling them, the guys leave.
I ask Lilani if she wants to visit her sister after dinner is finished. Lilani said yes, and we went to the hospital. On our arrival, Lisa was awake. 

"Lisa, I miss you", Lilani cried out, probably noticing all the bruises on her sister. 

"Come here, princess; I am fine; I promise; please don't cry", Lisa comforts her. 

"Hey, Alessandro. How are you? Thank you, for bringing Lilani with you." She says. 

"No problem. I'm okay I guess. I heard what happened. I'm sorry for sending you with him", I say softly as I sit next to her holding her hand. 

"It's alright; you didn't know this would happen, and I am alright. But how did you find out?" She asks me. 

"Maria was in one of the guest rooms; she listened to everything; she came to me and told me everything", I explained to her. We chat for a while longer until we are asked to leave. Lisa kissed Lilani good bey and I did something that shocked Lisa and probably poor Antonio, I bent down and kissed Lisa full on her lips. I bit her bottom lips softly, and Lisa gasped, then I slid my tongue inside. We kissed for a while, then pulled apart when we heard Lilani giggle. 

I rest my head against Lisa's head and whisper, "Sweet dreams, love; I will come and get you tomorrow", I can feel Lisa smile against my fingers, and she bids us good night.
I was busy in my office when Antonio handed me the phone, saying it was Johnny. "We got him; he is in Greece, Kevin is on his way as we speak. They will be back tomorrow", Johnny tells me. 

"Good job; thank you, Johnny. Take him to a warehouse, and then come and get me", I inform him.
I smirk, thinking that tomorrow Donatello will never see another day of light again.

###chapter 27

Warning some violent scenes!
Alessandro's POV
The next morning I went out early, I arrived at the warehouse where Johnny had Donatello, and I grew angrier. Antonio tells me that we arrived and helped me into the building. 

"AHH, good thing you arrived early because I would have killed this son of a bitch myself," Johnny says. 

"Stop joking around; now, bring me to him," I insist. Johnny leads me to where Donatello is tied up. 

"Haha, this is the so-called mob who wants me? Psst, as if I'm going to tell you anything", Donatello mocks. 

"Johnny, will you shut his trap?" I asked him. Johnny hits Donatello, and I hear every hit, "If I were you, I would shut it." Johnny says. 

"Now, I want to know why you wanted to take my wife." I asked calmly. 

"I don't know what you're talking about", came Donatello's reply. I nod my head, and Johnny hits him again. 

"I will ask again, why did you want my wife".

"And I will tell you again. I don't know what you're talking about, and you hit like a pussy", Donatello says as he spits out blood. Johnny went over to the door and pushed a small table inside. 

"What do you want to use first, Alessandro?" Johnny asks as he takes the cloth from the tools on the table. I know how Johnny operates; I don't need my eyes to tell me what he's doing.

"Take out the pliers," I reply. 

"I know you are into human trafficking, so it's either you wanted to sell my wife or you wanted her for yourself; my guess is number two. But what I don't understand is why?" I say to Donatello. 

"You have no idea what you're talking about, Mancini. Be careful, because you're messing with the wrong person. I warn you, if you don't release me, everyone you hold dear will suffer a slow and painful death," Donatello threatens with a grim tone.

 "Pull his nails", I demand. Johnny starts to pull Donatello's nails, and I hear Donatello scream. 

"Ready to tell me?" I ask him again. Donatello just laughs. 

"Put his fingers in acid." We keep going on like this for another half an hour, as I say. 

"Take him to his cell; I will be back later. In the meantime, I want you to find all of his warehouses and inform the cops about the girls there. Then, I want you to take down every single casino he owns."

"Sure thing, Mancini. When is Lisa going home?" He asks. 

"We are going to the hospital now." I told him that we were going to get her today. Antonio came inside and led me back to the car.

"I don't want Lisa to know about this. Did you make the arrangements for our stay in Miami?" I asked Antonio. 

Yes, Mr. Mancini, everything is ready for our arrival in two days", Antonio replied. 

"Good, hopefully after this operation I will have my eyes back," I say hopefully. 

"I wish so, Mr. Mancini". Was Antonio's reply. We soon arrived at the hospital and went to see Lisa. Doctor Rossi was just on his way out when we arrived. 

"Good morning, Mr. Mancini." The doctor greets 

"Good morning, doctor. How is my wife?" I asked him. 

"Mrs. Mancini is doing just fine; she can go home this morning, but she needs to rest for at least two weeks. If she complains about any headaches, I want you to bring her back. I will prescribe the medicine she needs to take", the doctor tells me. 

"Thank you, doctor". We enter Lisa's room. 

"Good morning, Mrs. Mancini." Antonio greets Lisa, "Good morning, Antoni, Alessandro." Lisa greets. 

"I hear you can go home today; Maria and Alice will look after you. I have to leave in two days, so the boys told me they will stay over until I'm back," I say as I sit next to Lisa. I missed her last night in bed; the pillows smelled of her perfume, and that wasn't helping me much. 

"O, are you going to be away for long?" Lisa asks with disappointment clear in her voice. I notice the sadness in her voice and smile, knowing she's still affected by me. 

"I don't know how long I will be away, but I promise to phone you regularly," I promise Lisa. The nurse brings the forms to get Lisa's discharge. After handling everything, Lisa and I went to the car.

When we arrived home, I went to the bedroom with Lisa. 

"I think it is wise to take some rest. Lilani went to school, so Alice will get her." I say this as I take her hand. Lisa let me lead her to the bed, then she climbed under the covers. I think I shocked her when I went around and laid next to her. 

"I won't be here for lunch; I will ask Maria to bring your food up to you."

"Thank you, when are you leaving?" Lisa asks carefully. 

"In two days, Antonio is coming with me," I answer her. Lisa keeps quiet; I wonder what she's thinking. I'm going to miss her. I draw her closer, take her head, and lay it down on my chest. 

"What are you doing to me, Lisa?" I suddenly asked her as I played with her hair. 

"Eh, WH... what do you mean?" Lisa is confused. 

"Every time you're around, you bring out a side of me that no other woman has ever seen before. It's like you awaken a gentleness within me that makes me want to reveal my true self, free from arrogance, anger, and heartlessness." 

"I, eh, I don't know what to say; I mean, I feel flattered", Lisa says. I lift her head with my finger and then trace her lips. I slowly bend down and start to kiss her. 
 
Suddenly the bedroom door burst open. "O baby, are you...?" Bianca's voice interrupts us. Bianca is pissed off at the scene in front of her. I can tell because she stops talking. 

"What the hell are you doing here in our bedroom, Bianca?" I asked her in a harsh voice. 

"Baby, I have missed you, so I decided to come and visit you", she says innocently. 
 
"We won't be receiving any guests until Lisa is fully healed, so you can turn around and leave, O and Bianca. If you dare to set a foot in my house again, there will be consequences. Do I make myself clear?"

"What!! You can't be serious, Alessandro! She can rest here while I take care of your baby; you know how much I missed you." Bianca continues. 

Lisa, honey, will you please call Antonio for me?" I asked her in a low voice. Lisa immediately calls Antonio. 

"Mr. Mancini wants you in his bedroom, Antonio," Lisa informs him. 

"Antonio, please escort this gold-digging woman out of my house; she's not allowed in my house again. Do I make myself clear?" I say it in a cold voice. 

"Yes, Mr. Mancini". Antonio says as he takes Bianca out. 

"Don't touch me! Alessandro, you're kicking me out? I love you. I thought you just wanted to punish me for leaving you. Please, don't do this to me". Bianca shouts. 

Bianca, as you can see, I am a married man. I will never, and I mean never, leave my wife for you. Do I make myself clear? Stop behaving like a whore! I'm getting tired of you showing up here like you own the place. If I ever see you near me, my wife, or any other family member, you will regret it!" I tell her angrily.  

"This isn't over!" Bianca says as she turns around and leaves.

I took Lisa's hand before saying, "I think I must start locking that door because every time I kiss you, someone or something interrupts us. I will finish this later, but now I have some business to take care of. Please rest a bit." I kiss Lisa one last time, then call Antonio to take me to Johnny.
 
When we arrived at the warehouse, Johnny, Kevin, and Jake stood outside waiting. "Welcome back, Mancini, while you were busy with your wife, we worked our asses off to sink Donatello." Johnny says. 

"Thank you, guys. Did he say anything yet?" I ask them. 

"No, he just keeps saying he doesn't know what we are talking about." Kevin answers. 

"Take me to him", I command. "Well, well, well, look who came to visit me," Donatello says. 

"The only time I want to hear your annoying voice is when you answer my questions," I say dismissively. 
"Do you have everything we need?" I asked Kevin and the guys. 

"Yes, everything is here. With what shall we start?" Kevin asked. 

Well, I was thinking about the water and electricity; what do you guys think?" I ask for their opinion. 

"Whatever you want, Mancini." They say it together. I began questioning Donatello. 

"Why did you go after my wife?" I ask again. 
"Haha I want to fuck her so hard that she won't be able to trust another." Before he gets to finish his sentence, I pour water over him and take the electric cable. 

"I'm going to fucking kill you!" I shouted at him, angry. Donatello just laughs when I take a gun and shoot him in the leg. 

"Next will be your dick, answer my fucking question," I say while holding the gun near Donatello's private. 

"Alright, I will tell you. Mr. Lombardi sold her to me, saying you don't want her, and she doesn't want to divorce you even though she knows you love his daughter." Donatello eventually tells us after two hours of torture. He knows that after this, the Lombardi family will have his head. 

"Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" Kevin asked. I called the guys and told them to drop Donatello off at the police station, and then they must come to me to plan Lombardi's downfall. After that, I went home. Lisa was still sleeping when I asked Maria about Lisa. I don't know why I have this feeling, but I feel like I should protect her from everything that wants to harm her. I have this urge every time she is near me. I went to my office and began to do some work before dinner. Antonio told me Lisa was awake. I nod and ask him to take me to her.

At the table, Lilani tells us about everything happening at her school. "I have a father-daughter day coming up," Lilani says sadly. 

"When is it taking place?" I asked her. 





###chapter 28
"A month from now, everyone is going to be there with their fathers except for me, so I don't think I will go to school on that day," Lilani says, and I can hear she wants to cry. 

"No, you will go; I will be there as your father, little one", I tell her. 

"Will you?" She asks, hopefully. 

"Of course I will; you are like a daughter to me after all," I assure her. Lilani's face brightens up, and she stands up and hugs me. 

"Thank you, Ali," she tells me. 
After dinner, I told Lisa that I would be in my office. I was just about to sit when I heard the guys enter. 

"Hey, what's up, Mancini?" Jake asked. 

"I will tell you guys my plan in a minute, but first, are you sure you want to get involved, and how did it go with Donatello?" I ask them. 

"Oh, hell yes, and for Donatello, he was arrested as soon as his ass hit the station; they got so many cases against him that I doubt he will ever see the light of day again," Jake answers, with the other two following him. We start planning what to do with the Lombardi's. 

"We must keep a close eye on Lisa and Lilani because they will try to hurt them," I tell them, worried. 

"Don't worry, we will hire bodyguards to watch them," Kevin assures.
We were busy for the next three hours when I told them I would see them tomorrow morning to finalize our plan. Everyone greets and then leaves, and I got ready for bed. When I slide into bed, Lisa turns to me. 

"Is everything okay?" She sounded concerned. 

"Yes, everything is alright. I thought you were asleep." 

"I couldn't fall asleep", came her reply. I tapped on my chest, and Lisa moved closer, lying in my arms. I feel myself drifting off to sleep with a smile on my face.
Bianca's POV
I was in my father's office. "I want to get rid of that bitch." I told my father. 

"I know princess and I think I know just how to get rid of her... You see, Alessandro leaves for Miami in two days for an eye operation."

###chapter 29

WARNING!! SEXUAL SCENE!!!
Lisa's POV
I woke up with arms around my waist, holding me tight. I look up and start tracing Alessandro's head lightly with my fingers, then his lips, then slide my hands to his chest and trace his eight-pack. I love him so much that I will do anything he asks me to do. I wonder what he did yesterday; it looks like he was angry at something, maybe some work project. I wish he could share some of his worries with me.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Suddenly, my hand was snatched and held tightly by Alessandro. "You do realize what you're doing to me? Especially downstairs?" Alessandro asks in a husky voice while pointing towards his manhood. I tried to stiffen a giggle but failed. 

"O, so now you think it's funny, Mrs. Mancini?" 

"Well, that wasn't my intention at all, I promise", I told him shyly. 

"MMM, I think I am going to punish you now," Alessandro says in a low, husky voice near my ear, then he starts to nibble on the earlobe as I gasp and grip his shoulders. He licks and sucks on the sweet spot behind my ear, which earns his name being moaned over and over again. 

Shh, baby," Alessandro whispered huskily. 

"You're moaning is making the blood from my body rush to my manhood". Alessandro whispered. 

"Alessandro," I moan loudly as he begins nipping at my neck. 
"O my God, Alessandro," I whisper and close my eyes as his hands slip under my shirt, tracing to my breast. Alessandro growls as his thumb flicks over my erect nipple. 

Alessandro," I hissed when his hands went through the left leg of the shorts I'm wearing. I can feel my face heat up. No man has ever touched me. 

"Tell me, do you like the way I make you feel, Mrs. Mancini?" His voice was low. I shake my head. The action meant no, but I liked the way he was making me feel. I'm just too shy to say yes.
I squeeze my eyes shut and focus on him rubbing the inside of my thigh, not touching my wet heat, even though I want it to be touched, but I'm too shy to ask him. 

"Answer me, Lisa," I hear Alessandro's voice demand. My eyes snap open, and I look up at him. I was a virgin, and this was my first time making out. I knew he was just as aroused as I am. 

"Answer me, Lisa. How am I making you feel?"
Alessandro growls lowly and slips his finger inside my laced underwear. I could feel a blush making itself known on my cheeks. I didn't want him to know how soaked I was. 

"You are so wet, Lisa". Alessandro says it huskily, and I gasped at how thick his voice is with lust. I released a silent scream, my mouth agape, as his thumb rotated the small nub. I gritted my teeth and sank my fingernails deep into his scalp. 

"Alessandro", I gasped when I felt my belly clench and unclench. 

"I wish I could see you when you come, Lisa", I feel Alessandro's lips on my ear and rotate my hips, causing friction between his fingers and my body. 

"Alessandro", I scream when I feel my clitoris quicker and my back arches, and Alessandro increases the pace at which his fingers are rotating. "Alessandro, I cry out again as my body shivers violently.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You are mine, Lisa". Alessandro growled as our lips became one. 

"I won't make love to you just yet, but I will soon, very soon," Alessandro tells me as he stands up.
Alessandro went out just after breakfast, leaving me alone. I keep replaying this morning's event over and over again in my head. What did he mean by saying I was his? Can he have feelings for me? 

No, it must just be lust, he only loves one woman. "Then why did he chase her away?" my subconscious asks. Maybe because he wants to punish her. I think of all these things and eventually fall asleep.
Alessandro's POV
The guys and I were busy planning on taking out the Lombardi's. "I want them to lose everything they own", I demand. 

"Of course, but the illegal business that's tricky-you know, Mr. Lombardi doesn't deal with that side himself in public. We have to find a way to expose him to human trafficking, drugs, and money laundering." Kevin tells us 

"Everyone has a price, Kevin, talk to some of his employees and offer them money," I say. 

Fine, I will go to one of his places tonight, and you are coming with me", Kevin says to us. 

"Fine, I will go with you, but don't you dare interrupt me when I'm busy", Jake answers with a grin. 

"You are a sick bastard, your dick is going to fall off one of these days," Johnny tells him. 

"O, says the one who can't leave, UMM... what's her name? Aline?" Kevin says, chuckling. 

"Leave Aurora out of this fuckhead,", Johnny threatens. We all laughed. 

"I never thought I would see the day Johnny Boy defends a woman," Kevin mocks. We all make jokes on Johnny's account until I say, "Alright guys, you know what to do? Remember, I leave tomorrow just after lunch. Please don't tell Lisa about the operation. I will let Antonio keep you up to date. Take care of my family; otherwise, you are as good as dead." The guys promise to be at the mansion early tomorrow and that they will keep a close eye on both Lisa and Lilani. I stand up and greet my friends before we go our separate ways.
Back at the mansion, I went to our bedroom. I can hear Lilani and Lisa talking. I stand there and eavesdrop.
"Lisa, do you think Ali will adopt me?" Lilani asks shyly. 

"I don't know, Lil, why do you ask?" Lisa's answer 

"Well, you see, it's like this. You have always been like a mother to me, and ever since I met Ali, he has become like a father to me. I'm not saying I'm going to call you mom and dad, but I want to feel like I belong somewhere. Let's say he adopted me like a sister, but I got his surname as well."

"Well, why don't you ask him then?" Lisa encourages. 

"Alright, as soon as I see him, I will ask him. Lisa?" 

"Yes, sweetie?"

"Do you love Allie?" She suddenly asks her sister. Lisa started coughing at her sister's sudden question. 

"I... i... why do you ask? I mean, you are just five years old, Lilani." Lisa asked. 

"I may be five years old, but I have seen how you look at Ali; it's the same way mom always looked at dad," Lilani says, and I can imagine her rolling her eyes before Lisa can answer. I open the door. Lilani runs to me as soon as she sees me. 

"Ali, your home!" Lilani shouts, exited. 

"Hello little one, how was your day at school?" I smile. 

"It was fun; I told my friends that I got a new dad, so they are nice to me now." She tells me. 

"O really? I am glad they don't tease you anymore." I tell her I hate that she's being bullied. I walk to the bed and feel for Lisa, Lisa takes my hands, and I reach for her face, then bend down and kiss her. 

"How are you feeling today?" I asked her. "I am good, thank you." 

"Ali, can I talk to you for a second?" Lilani asks nervously. 

"Yes, come here", I say, patting the spot next to me. Lilani climbs up and sits next to me. 

"Well, you see... I. Umm. Want to know if... maybe you want to, um, adopt me?" She asks me sadly. I search for her hands and hold them when I find them. 

"I would love nothing more than to adopt you; I love you as if you were my flesh and blood". I say happy. Lilani hugs me and starts crying. I rubbed her back and let her cry on my shoulder. 

"Yo, you really mean that?" She asks in between sobs. 

"Of course I do. I will ask Leonardo to get the papers ready if Lisa agrees with me." I assured her while holding her. 

Lisa was in tears, and a sob escaped her lips as she answered, "Yes, of course, I agree. Thank you, Alessandro". 

I reach for Lisa and hold my two girls against me. I can't believe how much they grew on me. After some time, I asked Lisa to call Antonio to take me to Leonardo. Not long after, Antonio appears and takes me to the office. I told Antonio and Leonardo about the adoption, and both were shocked when they heard I agreed to it. "I will arrange everything before the end of the day," Leonardo tells me.
At the dinner table that night, I told Lilani the good news. "Remember what you asked today, princess?"
 
"Yes," came her small reply. 

"Well, I have good news. The adoption papers have been sent, and we will know soon." Lilani claps her hands happily. After dinner, Lilani went to her room after telling everyone goodnight. 

"I will head to bed myself", I hear Lisa say. 

Antonio, you can go; Lisa will take me to our room", I dismiss him. Lisa takes my arm and leads me to the bedroom; she then goes and takes a shower. Lisa comes out as I make my way to the bathroom.
We both lay in bed when I suddenly said, "I will be gone for at least two to three weeks. I will call you every day, I promise you." Lisa moves closer, hugging me. 

"I am going to miss you." She says it sadly. I hold her like that for a while, and when I feel she's sleeping, I turn her around and hold her against me. I got the feeling that something was going to happen. I don't know what these feelings are toward Lisa. It can't be love, can it? I just know I have to protect her. With all of these thoughts, I drifted off to sleep.

###chapter 30

Lisa's POV
The next day I felt sad because today Alessandro leaves for a few weeks. I don't know how I will survive; he has become everything to me in such a short period of time. I decide to make him breakfast, and I quickly get up and get dressed. I decided to make pancakes with syrup. I know it's Alessandro's favorite; I'm almost finished when I hear Alessandro and Lilani talking. I take the dishes to the table, where everyone is already waiting. 
 
"This looks delicious." Alice compliments. 

"Thank you," I said as I helped Alessandro with the dish, then went and sat next to him. Everyone was quiet until Alessandro spoke. 

"Sophia and Gabriele will be here this afternoon; they say they don't want to leave you alone, even though I told them Johnny and the guys would be with you."
 
"O, that's thoughtful of them," I said as I finished my breakfast. 

"How late are you leaving?"
 
"After having breakfast," Alessandro replied. I stood up and started clearing the table, and just as I went back, Alessandro told Antonio to get their bags ready.
Lilani went to greet Alessandro and Antonio. 

"Good bey, Ali; take care, and please come back soon," Lilani says as she hugs him. I walk up to Alessandro and hug him. 

"Please come back safe," I say, tears threatening to come out. 

"Don't worry, I will. Take care of yourself and Lilani." Alessandro says softly, taking my face in his hands and caresses my face, "I am going to miss you.", He then bends down and kisses me. After some time, we break apart, panting.

"Take care, il Mio amore" (My love). Antonio takes Alessandro and leads him to the car. I watched the car disappear, and as I was about to go back inside, Sophia's car came into view. I waited for them to get out of the car, then went to greet them. 

"Wow, look how big you are getting; you look great", I say as I rub Sophia's heavily pregnant belly. 

"I know right; I can't even see my feet anymore." Sophia laughs and puts her hands on her belly. Gabriele hugs me as soon as Sophia lets go of me. 

"Good morning," he greets me and lets me go. 

"Come on, let's go inside," I say when we finish greeting. Gabriele takes their bags and follows us inside the house. I ask Maria to take their bags upstairs, then offer something to drink. 

"I hear you met my brother and the other two." Sophia asked me as I put her drink in front of her. 

"Yes, I have seen them. They come around a lot," I reply with a smile. I love the three of them. 

"Wow, I can't believe it; Alessandro never let anyone come near him after the accident. Thank you, Lisa", Gabriele says, shocked. 

"Don't thank me; I did nothing, you guys." I protest. Because it was all Alessandro. 

"If you say so", Sophia replies, and I just shake my head. 

"Let's sit outside; it's such a beautiful day outside". I suggest that by not wanting to be in the house that smells like Alessandro, I immediately shake the sadness off, but Sophia must have noticed how sad I look and knows it's because of Alessandro. 

"Hey, he will be back before you know it." Sophia assures me. I give her a small smile, ensuring her I'm alright, and the three of us start talking about what we all did these past few weeks. 

"I feel tired, and my feet are killing me," Sophia says as she stands up.

"I understand; go and rest for a while," I told her as I noticed she was walking inside. 

Gabriele also excuses himself, saying he still needs to go into the office, "Please watch over Sophia and don't let her do anything she's not supposed to do", He asks me, and I just laugh; he is overprotective. 

"Don't worry, I will take care of her." I decided to go to the backyard and read a bit.
Bianca's POV
In the meantime, at the Lombardi's house.

"Father, what is your plan?" I ask my father. 
"Alessandro's friends are going to stay with his wife while he's gone. I think we must put a wedge between him and his best friends. If he thinks one of his friends and Lisa are having an affair, he will divorce Lisa, and she won't get a scent. You just need to lay down for a bit and let me do the work." Father said with a smile. 

"What if he doesn't believe it?" I ask nervously because then I will have to kill her myself. 

"Then we will take it to the next step and remove her permanently from Alessandro". Father said it as if he were reading my mind. 

"I won't interfere unless you don't succeed". I promised my father, I smiled at my father and said, "Soon I will be Mrs. Mancini."
Lisa's POV
Sophia and I were sitting outside when Lilani and Alice appeared. "Lisa, the guys are here", Lilani informed me with a smile. I stood up and went inside to welcome them. 

Well, I must say I feel honored that so many people will be with me while Alessandro is away.", I chuckle as I see the three of them standing with their bags. 

"You know you are like a sister to us, and thanks to you, we have our best friend back," Johnny says as he walks towards me. 

"Thank you guys, this means a lot to me."

"Alright, let's get to our rooms, then how about we order pizza and have a movie night?" Kevin suggests looking at us for an answer. 

"Sounds great; I will tell the chef to take the rest of the day off", I say, walking off to the kitchen to inform the staff. After talking to the staff, I went and played with Lilani for a bit. I miss Alessandro, and it's not even been a day yet. 

"You miss him?" Lilani asked me suddenly. 

  "Yes, very much", I told her with a frown. 
"Me too, but he will phone us every day as he promised", I smile and take Lilani to the backyard. 

"How about we swim for a while?" I suggest as I stand in front of the pool. 

"Are you positive? You're supposed to be in bed resting", Lilani says with her hands on her hips. 

"And that's why we are here; we will take care of Lilani while you go back inside and rest", Kevin suddenly says from behind us. I turned around and was just about to say something when Johnny interrupted. 

"He's right; Alessandro will kill us if we let you overwork yourself. Go and rest; we will call you when dinner arrives." I sighed, knowing I wouldn't win, and went upstairs to our bedroom. I climbed on the bed, took Alessandro's pillow, and fell asleep.
Alessandro's POV
We finally arrived in Miami and said, "Straight to the clinic, please". I asked Antonio when we entered the car. On our arrival, I heard the doctor say 

"Good morning, Mr. Mancini; we will show you to your room. Your operation is scheduled for six this evening, as you requested. Doctor Johnson informs 

"Thank you, doctor, and no one knows I am here, right?" I asked the doctor. 

"No, Mr. Mancini, it's just me and my staff who will assist me during and after the operation." Dr. Johnson once again informs me 

"Good, thank you, doctor", I turn to Antonio. Antonio, I want you to call Lisa so that I can speak to her", I miss her already, dammit what's happening to me. 

"Lisa Mancini speaking." I hear her sweet voice. "Well, hello, Mrs. Mancini, how are you?" I decided to tease her. 

"Oh my gosh, Alessandro, it's you. I'm good. Are you in Miami yet?" She asks, and I can imagine she's smiling. I grin like a teenager and say, Yes, I have just landed. So I decided to call you. How was your day?"

"Busy, but great. Sophia and Gabriele arrived just after you left, and the other three arrived this afternoon." She informs me. It's quiet for a while when I speak again. 

"Thank you for breakfast this morning. I will miss your cooking while I am here in the USA."

"Of course it's nothing; you know I enjoy cooking; besides, once you're back, I will cook your favorite meal," Lisa says, and I hear the sadness in her voice. 

"What's the matter? Why do you sound so sad?" I am concerned that something has happened. 

"O, it's just... nothing to worry about."

"Don't lie; tell me what's wrong if something happened; I want to know, then I can deal with that person", I threaten. Lisa laughs and says. 

"Then you will have to deal with yourself", she sighs, continuing, "I miss you". My heart skipped a beat after hearing her say that. 

"O, Mrs. Mancini, you have no idea how much I miss you too". I tell her truthfully. We talked for a while, and I told her I would phone her before she went to sleep.









###chapter 31
Lisa's POV
After our phone conversation, the others noticed how sad I looked. I really couldn't hide the fact that I missed him. Kevin and Johnny give each other a look, then stand up and walk over to me. 

"Is everything alright, Lisa? Did something happen?" They asked, concerned. 

"No, it's just... I miss him". They smile and hug me. 

"You love him, don't you?" Kevin asked. 
"Is it that obvious?"

"Well, you look like you belong six feet under, and we have noticed how you look at Alessandro, and every time you hear his name, you smile," Kevin continues. 

"Wow, guys, you know how to look at signs." I joked. 
"Well, it's obvious, and the only reason Alessandro doesn't know it is because of his blindness". Jake tells me with a smirk. 

"I ordered pizza; you and Sophia get to choose a movie," Kevin informs me while sitting next to me. 

"O great, thank you." I hear the bell ring, and Jake shouts, "I got it!" and goes to get the pizza. Everyone goes to the living room and gets comfortable while I put a movie on. 

I notice Lilani asleep. "I'm going to take her to bed", Johnny offers to take her upstairs to her bed. I nodded and let Johnny take her. When I hear the phone ring, I quickly run for it. 

"Hello?" I ask excitedly. 

"Hey, you sound better", Alessandro's deep voice falls on my ear. 

"Yeah, that's because I knew you would call before I went to bed", I smiled. 

"I always keep my promises. I wish I was with you now, holding you when you go to bed."

"Yeah, I also wish you were here; it's going to be a long night without you", I admit softly. 

"So what are you guys up to? I hope you don't overwhelm yourself too much." Alessandro says he is concerned. 

"Don't worry, I have rested; we ordered pizza and decided on a movie night. Lilani fell asleep during the movie".

"That sounds like fun".

"Yes, but it's not the same without you."

"I think as soon as I get back, the two of us should go on our honeymoon". He suddenly says it, leaving me shocked. "I think that's a great idea".

Alright, think of places and let me know, then I can arrange everything." Alessandro and I talked for an hour; neither one of us wanted to end the call, and eventually, Alessandro ended it. I went to the living room and saw everyone fast asleep. I turned everything off and went to bed, hugging Alessandro's pillow.
Antonio's POV
Mr. Mancini asks me to keep in touch with Lisa and the others while he is in surgery. The nurses came in and took him to the theater. I decide to go to the hotel I booked for us and tell the nurse at the station to call me as soon as Mr. Mancini comes out of the theater. With that, I left, praying that this operation would be a success.

###chapter 32

Alessandro's POV
Lying in the hospital bed, my eyes covered with bandages, I silently pray for the success of the operation, hoping that I will regain my sight. I think about Bianca, and realize she's just after my money and that she doesn't love me, maybe it was God sent for our engagement that was canceled and that I met Lisa. 

Everybody says she is the most beautiful woman they have ever seen, maybe I won't think she's attractive, not everybody has the same taste. She has a beautiful voice and a beautiful personality, but I want more in a woman than just that. We are married for almost five months, and I still don't know what my wife looks like, but if everything goes well I will get to see her very soon. I got so much time to think about my past and future, I realize I need to get my life in order. 

I'm not getting any younger and want a child of my own. Antonio visits me every day to help me wash and shave. They are satisfied with the treatment I receive in the hospital. A week after my operation Antonio received a file and said he did not recognize the handwriting and opened the file. What he saw in there I don't know, but he quickly phoned Johnny and informed him about the photos he received. I tried to find out what was going on, but Antonio said it was nothing to worry about. 
Lisa's POV
I enjoy Sophia's and the guys' company, but the house is not the same without Alessandro. I accompanied Sophia to her sonar appointment and my heart skipped a beat when I heard the beautiful sound of a heartbeat. It's simply astonishing to think that a precious little life is growing inside Sophia. Lilani has been doing well with chemo, and it seems like there's no trace of the tumor, and I feel relieved. The guys always find a way to keep me busy whenever they see me sad. 

Third-person POV
Johnny received the photos Antonio sent him and called Kevin and Jake to meet him. They realize Bianca's father is behind it and start to take matters into their own hands. By the end of the week, the Lombardi's lost most of their hotels and casinos. Johnny orders his men to hit Lombardi's brothels. Mr. Lombardi began to panic when he realized he had lost most of his assets. It can't be Alessandro, he thinks because one of his informants told him Alessandro still has bandages on his eyes. He needs to find out who is behind this and make them pay.
Antonio and Leonardo both helped with the Mancini business. Most of the important business they left for Alessandro. They went to one meeting after the other and told investors that Mr. Mancini is still in hospital and will soon resume his work. Alessandro is very grateful for his loyal employees that he decides to give them a salary rise as soon as he gets out of the hospital.

The night before the bandages are to be taken off, Alessandro can't control his excitement. That would be the best day of his life if he can see it again. He can't wait to see Lisa with his own eyes. This has become an obsession with him these past few days. Antonio and Leonardo did their best to describe her to him, but he just couldn't get an image of her. Alessandro couldn't fall asleep that night, then one of the nurses came and gave him a sleeping pill. After drinking the pill he fell asleep immediately and overslept the next morning when one of the nurses came to wake him up for breakfast. 

"Your sleeping pills surely knock a guy out cold", he told the nurse. 

"I think it's a sin to oversleep on such an important day, Mr. Mancini", the nurse teased. 

"But the doctor will be glad to hear you got a good night's sleep."

"And why would he be glad?" Alessandro wants to know. 

"It's not good to be tense and a good night's rest usually makes you feel calm and relaxed the next day", the nurse explains. 

"Now that you have explained all of this to me, maybe you can tell me how late these bandages will come off." Alessandro wants to know. On one side he feels excited about the bandages to come off, so he can know if the operation was a success, but on the other side, he feels nervous because what if the operation weren't a success. Then he hears the nurse say, "The doctor mentioned just after breakfast, Mr. Mancini. That's why I came in to wake you up so that you will be ready when the doctor comes."

Alessandro is feeling quite tense as he sits down to eat his breakfast. He realizes how people feel when they wait for their sentence because there will be a sentence over him soon. If this operation, which he wholeheartedly hoped for, is a failure, he might as well be dead. Life will never be the same if he can't see again. He can't think it will be worth it to have a wife and kids if he can't even see what they look like. 

"Well, I have to say you look depressed this morning." Alessandro is greeted by the doctor. 

"I am sorry if I look depressed this morning; maybe a little tense, but not depressed", he answers with a small smile. 

"I assume you will take the bandages off, doctor?"

"As soon as the nurse switched the lights off and closed the blinds, we can't risk your eyes with so much light just yet. You still need to wear your sunglasses for a while longer." The doctor explains. 

"You seem positive that I will be able to see again, doctor", Alessandro says. 

"I have a lot of confidence in my work, Mr. Mancini. Especially if the patient is as healthy as you." The doctor says this with a laugh. 

"But we will soon find out if it was a success; just don't be depressed or tense if you can't see immediately; it takes a few seconds." They wait for a while longer. Then the nurse tells them the room is ready. Alessandro feels how the bandages are taken off his eyes, and then he hears the doctor say 

"You can switch the lights off, miss."
The last bandage is removed, and then Alessandro slowly opens his eyes, but everything is still dark around him. He was just about to tell the doctor that the operation had failed when he heard the doctor say 

"You can switch the lights on". He hears how the nurse switches the lights on and the doctor's voice: "The light is on the opposite side of you against the wall. Just watch in front of you; don't worry, it takes a while".

"Thank you, doctor." Alessandro smiles in the dark. 
"I can see a faint light on the wall".

"You are right, Mr. Alessandro, the light is faint. Your eyes can't be exposed to sharp light just now; that's why we will put the bandages back on." The doctor says 

"When will the bandages be taken off?" Alessandro eagerly asks. To his disappointment, he hears the doctor say, "In one week, Mr. Mancini. You must be here in the hospital for at least a week to be taken care of; after that, you will have to wear a special set of glasses for a while". The nurse noticed the disappointment in Alessandro's expression and acknowledged it, saying, "I can see that you are feeling disappointed, but please understand that the treatment you will undergo in the upcoming week is crucial for the health of your eyes."

"I am fully aware of that," Alessandro says in a composed manner. 

"My wife doesn't know about this operation; I want to surprise her".

"I didn't know you were married, Mr. Mancini." The doctor smiles, glad that the operation was a success. 

"Yes, doctor, it has been nearly five months now." Alessandro smiles. 

Well, I think it's going to be a huge moment in both of your lives when you tell her the good news", the doctor says, then turns to the nurse and says, "You can open the blinds now, miss."
Antonio and Leonardo are happy that Mr. Mancini's operation was a success. But Alessandro asks them not to tell anyone until he tells Lisa. 

"I think Lisa should be the first one to know", he explains to the pair. "I will leave the day I come out of the hospital, then I will get to see her myself and see if she is as beautiful as you say she is."

"I think you're in for a surprise, Mr. Mancini," Antonio says with a smile. 

"No offense, but I saw a lot of your girlfriends, and none of them are as beautiful as Mrs. Mancini. You can ask Leonardo; he will confirm it."

"O, I believe that she is the most beautiful girl for you," Alessandro smiles. "The question is, will she be beautiful for me as well? Everyone's taste is different, Antonio. She may be ugly for me."

"Actually, Mr. Mancini," Antonio counters assertively. 

"Leonardo and I have worked for you a long time, and we never saw you with an ugly girl."

Alessandro's laugh put a stop to Antonio's conversation. "It's true," Alessandro says as soon as his laughter ends. 
"The three of us have come a long way, Antonio. You should know my taste in women by now."
Antonio feels relieved that he phoned Johnny about the photos; otherwise, Alessandro would have surely killed Lisa and Kevin by now. He knows Lisa will never do such a thing, and Kevin also won't betray his friend like that, but he knows Alessandro well enough to know he will have someone's head. As soon as he's well, he will tell Alessandro the truth. He just hopes that Johnny finds out who sent those pictures.
The days go by very slowly for Alessandro. He can't wait for the day he can be discharged and go back to Lisa. He thinks of all the small things Lisa usually does for him, her beautiful voice whenever she reads to him, her small, soft hands in his when they go for a walk, her laughter. All of these memories make his heart feel warm and beat fast.




















###chapter 33
Finally, the day has arrived   he can leave the hospital. He thanked the doctor and the nurses for their service. Then he greets them and leaves.
Even though he still needs to wear the sunglasses, it feels good that he can leave on his own and no one needs to guide him. He will remember this day forever.

Back at the mansion, Lisa went with Sophia and   to the shops. Lilani was at school when Sophia asked Lisa to go with them. They spent almost five hours shopping. Sophia went into every store and bought a lot of baby stuff, as did grandma, but in the last store, Lisa tells them that she was tired and hungry. 
Sophia laughs, "Just this one, then we can grab lunch." Lisa agrees and walks into the store with them. After spending half an hour there they went to a restaurant and ordered some burgers. 

"Mm, this is delicious." Lisa moans as she takes another bite. 

"I have to agree on that, although I don't usually eat burgers, but today I crave them." Lisa laughs at Sophia's face. She has become a great friend. They asked for the bill, then got up and left after paying.
Alessandro arrives back at the mansion and is greeted by his best friends and Maria. 

"Well it's good to see you again, Mancini", Johnny says as he hugs him then the other two followed. 
"We ask Sophia to take Lisa to the shops; she will be here soon."

"Thank you guys", Alessandro replies. Everybody greeted Alessandro and welcomed him home. They asked if the operation was a success, but Alessandro didn't say a word. Then Alessandro hears the voice he had been missing for so long; he turns around and waits for Lisa to enter the living room. Sophia and grandma lead Lisa there and tell her to go and sit down while Maria gets them something to drink. As soon as Lisa enters she looks at Alessandro and smiles. 
When Alessandro saw Lisa, his breath got hitched. He has never seen a more beautiful woman than his wife. He notices how she smiles when she looks at him, she got the most beautiful smile he has ever seen. He watches her as she comes closer to him. 

"Alessandro, wow, your back", Lisa says as she stands in front of her handsome husband. 

"Hello Lisa", Alessandro says in a husky voice near her ear. This sent shivers down her spine and Alessandro smirks when he feels her shiver. 

"I have missed you." He admits to Lisa. 

"I have missed you too".

"Alright you two get a room because we can feel the sexual tension between you guys", Jake interrupts them. Lisa blushed at Jake's comment and Alessandro noticed it. They all chatted  while. Every time Alessandro would steal glances at Lisa. He can not wait to tell her the operation was a success. 

"If you have time, we have something to discuss", Johnny tells Alessandro. Alessandro nods and then says, "We can go to my office". The four guys got up and Jake helped Alessandro to his office.
"So what is so important that you want to see me in private?" Alessandro asks them. He noticed how the three men in front of him looked at each other and became concerned. 

"Well, we received photos a week ago. The photos indicate that Lisa and Kevin are having an affair...."

"Is it true, Kevin? Johnny is interrupted by Alessandro. 

He glances at Kevin, and Kevin replies, "You've known me for years; I would never do anything like that to you". Alessandro watches him carefully. It looks like Kevin is telling the truth. 

"Well, did you find out who sent these photos?" He asked. 

"Yes, it appears to be Mr. Lombardi's handy work. You can tell it's fake." Jake's reply 

"I'm already working on bringing him down as we speak". Johnny tells him. 

"I am glad to hear you got everything under control. I want you to end him for good. He just messed with the wrong guy. I am taking Lisa away for a week to the Bahamas for our honeymoon. Will one of you stay here with my grandparents and watch over Lilani for me,"

"When are you leaving?" Kevin asked. 

"Tomorrow afternoon. I already informed my pilot to get the jet ready."

"Alright, I will stay here while you go on your honeymoon, but first, tell us if the operation was a success." Jake asks Alessandro. 

"I will tell my wife first, and as soon as we get back, I will let you guys know", a smirking Alessandro tells his best friends. He must hold his laughter because their faces are priceless. 

"What! You're not going to tell us, your best buddies, first", Kevin demanded. 

"No, because I think that's my wife's privilege to know first."

"Alright, we understand. Now let's get back to Lisa. I think Lilani has already arrived," Johnny tells them. 
All four stood up and went to the backyard, where they heard Lilani giggle. 

Ali, you're back!" He hears Lilani and watches her run to him. He must admit that she does look like him. He bent down and hugged her. 

"Hello, princess. How are you?" He asks her 
"I'm good; we all missed you, especially my sister; she was like an angry dinosaur while you were away." Lilani whispers in his ears, making Alessandro laugh. 

"O yeah?" He asks her Lilani nods and then runs off to Alice. Alessandro watches Lisa as she talks to Sophia and Gabriele. He's glad his brother and Sophia get along with Lisa. He must admit that everyone was right about Lisa's beauty. He has never seen such a beautiful woman in his life before; he is lucky to have a woman like her. 
All of a sudden, everyone's attention shifts to the door upon hearing a voice that could only be described as utterly irritating. "Alessandro, darling, word on the street is that you've returned," Bianca declares, gracefully making her way towards him. He can't believe he ever loved her. He watches Lisa when Bianca kisses him and then hugs him. Lisa seems like she wants to murder Bianca. 

"What are you doing here, Bianca?" He demands it in a cold voice. "I have missed you", she replies while biting her lips. 

"Yeah, the only thing you missed about him is his money", Kevin shouts out. Bianca looks sharply at Kevin, and then it hits her. Alessandro must not know about the photos yet because she can see Lisa and the brat is still here. 
 
"I will ask you once: please leave my house; you are not welcome here anymore, and stop calling me baby", Alessandro says. Bianca looked at him and was shocked at what she had just heard. She thought he would have forgotten about what happened before he left, but it seems like she was wrong. 

"O, baby, we both know you don't mean it." She continues. Alessandro watched as Lisa got up and went inside. 

He forcefully pushed Bianca aside, urgently demanded Johnny escort him to Lisa, and commanded Antonio to remove Bianca from the premises and ensure that the gate guard would permanently deny her entry.
Alessandro pushed the bedroom door open and saw Lisa on the bed. It looks like she's been crying. 

"Here you are", he suddenly says. Lisa looks up and sees Alessandro in the doorway. 

"Yeah, I don't think I can stand much of Bianca for too long", she says, and Alessandro notices it. 

"Well, she's gone now. I have something for you. Look at your bedside table,", he tells Lisa. Lisa looked confused but did as she was told. She opens the drawer, and she sees a pamphlet about the Bahamas. She then looks at Alessandro again. 

"What is this?" She asks. 

"Well, seeing we didn't have a honeymoon, I was thinking of taking you there. That was one of the places you mentioned when we talked." Alessandro replied. Lisa's eyes got huge, and then she got up and ran to him, hugging him. 

"Thank you so much. When are we leaving?"

"Tomorrow afternoon. Jake and my grandparents will be here to take care of Lilani." He informs her. Lisa smiles widely.

Sometime later, they went down. "Alright, guys. I would like to announce something. Lisa and I will leave for our honeymoon tomorrow afternoon." Alessandro informs them. Everyone seems happy about Alessandro's announcement.
Sophia went to help Lisa pack. "Wow, I can't believe we are going on a honeymoon", Lisa whispers. 

"Yeah, me neither, but at least he is willing to try", Sophia says. They were busy for a while when Lilani came in and told them dinner was ready. At dinner, Alessandro can't seem to take his eyes off Lisa. He swears he would take her right here, right now, if it weren't for everyone sitting with them. It's going to be one hell of a night for him.
Later that night, Lisa and Alessandro excused themselves and went to bed. Alessandro held Lisa and soon fell asleep with her in his arms. Lisa soon fell asleep with a smile on her face. She can't wait for tomorrow.

###chapter 34

WARNING!!! SEXUAL SCENE!!!
Third-person POV
The next day, Lisa got up and realized Alessandro had already left. She quickly went to take a shower, dressed in skinny jeans and a blue crop top with her white Vans, and put her hair in a high ponytail. She then went to the dining room and saw everyone already seated. 

"Good morning, Sleeping Beauty," Kevin greets her. Alessandro watches her carefully and smirks when he finds her checking him out. 

"Good morning, everyone. Sorry, I'm late," Lisa says, walking over and taking a seat next to Alessandro. 

"Finally, I can satisfy my hunger," Kevin whines. Lisa rolls her eyes at Kevin and says, "You know you should go on a diet because I can see your stomach getting big." Lisa smiles sweetly. 

"Hey!" Kevin proudly points to his manhood and declares, "A Ferrari deserves nothing less than a luxurious garage." Lisa takes a piece of bacon and throws it at Kevin, saying, "You're such a pig."

"Let's put an end to this before it turns into a full-blown food war," Alessandro suggests. After that, they enjoy breakfast in silence.
Around noon, Lisa and Alessandro stand next to the car, ready to leave. 

"Enjoy every second of it. Hopefully, I will be an aunt after this honeymoon," Sophia tells her, winking. Lisa's face became red, and she looked down at her feet. Alessandro notices it and smiles. 

"Enjoy every moment, dear, and please come back pregnant." Grandma, she says as she hugs Lisa. 

"Alright, that's enough, everyone; you are causing Lisa to blush, guys." Alessandro laughed. They said farewell to everyone, giving each person a warm hug, and finally to Lilani. 

"Take care, Lisa; I will miss you."

"I will miss you too; be a good girl for Nonna." Lisa tells her. Lilani hugs Alessandro and then  stands next to Alice.
They have arrived at Alessandro's private jet. Lisa helps Alessandro out of the car and leads him inside the jet. She was in awe when she saw the inside of the jet. 

"Good day, Mr. Mancini. Let me take you to your seat; we are taking off any minute now." Alessandro receives all the attention from the blonde air hostess, while Lisa is completely ignored. 

"No, my wife here will help me get our bags and take them to the room," Alessandro informs her in a cold voice. Lisa takes his arm again and leads him to one of the seats. The air hostess gives her a dirty look, but Lisa just smiles sweetly.
Lisa carefully observes Alessandro. He looks good in blue jeans and a black V-neck shirt. It shows his muscles under the shirt, and the jeans show his nice, tight ass. As she studies him, she bites her lips. She's not aware that Alessandro watches her every move. "Dammit, if she continues to bite her lips like that, he will surely take her to the room and fuck her until tomorrow," Alessandro thought. 

"Mr. Mancini, would you like something to eat and drink?" The annoying air hostess asks him 

"Yes, please bring a coke and a sandwich for me and my wife, whatever she wants," Alessandro answers. 

"I will have the same as him, thank you." Lisa looks up and smiles at the hostess. The hostess rolls her eyes at Lisa before walking away. 

"If you want to sleep, there's a bedroom; I will take you there," Alessandro offers. 

"Wow, that's nice; thank you. I will let you know if I want to sleep," she informs him. The hostess came back with the order and put Alessandro's food in front of him, and then, as she was about to give Lisa hers, the hostess dropped the coke on Lisa's lap. 

"Oh my, I am so sorry. It just slipped out of my hands," she says, acting innocent. 

"Are things alright?" Alessandro asked, acting like he couldn't see what she did, but on the inside, he was boiling with anger. 
"Yes, she just accidentally dropped the coke on me," Lisa tells him. The air hostess looks at Lisa, smirking. Lisa saw it and just rolled her eyes at the hostess. 

"If you will excuse me, I just need to go and change," Lisa tells him. 

"Help me up; I will show you to the bedroom," Alessandro instructs. 

"Don't worry, Mr. Mancini, sit and enjoy your food; I will show her," the hostess says sweetly. 

"No, I will eat once my wife has changed," he replies. The air hostess just looks at him with anger. Lisa got up and helped Alessandro. He leads her to the room and tells her to change while he waits outside. After Lisa changed, she and Alessandro walked back and ate their food in silence.

The hostess comes again and takes the plates. "Can I get you anything else, Mr. Mancini?"

"No, thank you; my wife and I are going to lay down for a bit. I will ask James to wake us up over the intercom." He dismissed a pissed-off hostess. 

Alessandro stands up and holds his hands for Lisa. They went to bed, and as soon as Lisa fell on the bed, she turned to Alessandro and noticed that he had already turned to her. He scooped her closer, and she fell asleep in his arms.

Lisa wakes up when someone shakes her gently. "Lisa, wake up! We're just about to land," Alessandro whispers gently. Lisa rubs her eyes and sits up. Alessandro stands and holds his hand out to her. She takes it and leads them to their seats. She helps Alessandro fasten his belt and then hers. She soon feels the plane touching down.
They got out of the jet and walked to the waiting car. 

"Good evening, Mr. and Mrs. Mancini." Alessandro's driver greets them. 

"Good evening, Liam! Lisa, this is my driver and butler Liam; Liam, this is my wife Lisa," Alessandro introduces them. Lisa shakes his hands and smiles friendly at the older man. 

"Come on, let's get you to your Villa, Mr. Mancini." Liam says as he puts their backs in the back of the car.
Soon they enter a big gate, and Lisa looks through the window. 

"Wow, this is beautiful," she says as they drive up to the villa. The garden is bigger than the ones back home. There are a few small fountains and one big one in the middle of the drive-in. Lisa gets out as soon as the car stops. She looks at the beautiful white mansion in front of her. There are two sets of steps that lead to the huge, handcrafted wooden door. Alessandro watched in amusement as Lisa's jaw dropped when she saw his Villa. 

"This is beautiful, Alessandro. It feels like I just stepped into some sort of fairy tale," she says. 

"Thank you; this Villa has been in our family for generations," Alessandro tells her. She takes his hands and follows Liam to the door. When the door opened, Lisa was struck by the scene in front of her. The front portal is white and black; the tiles are black; and there are antique couches against the wall. 

"Mr. Mancini, welcome back," a short, round, gray-haired woman says. 

"You must be Mrs. Mancini," she says, hugging Lisa. Lisa hugs her back before saying, "I am Lisa; nice to meet you."

"Olivia Johnson, it is a pleasure to finally meet you, Mrs. Mancini. I hope you enjoy your stay here. Mr. Mancini, everything is ready just like you asked." Olivia tells Alessandro. 

"Thank you, Olivia." He tells her and then asks Liam to take their bags to the room. Alessandro takes Lisa's hand and says, "Let's go freshen up; I've got a surprise for you." Lisa follows Liam to the room. She thanked him for the bags and then closed the door. 

"You can get ready here; meet me downstairs in half an hour; there's a dress on the bed I want you to wear," Alessandro says. 

"Thank you," Lisa tells him while looking at him. Alessandro nods and goes out of the room. Lisa quickly let her eyes scan the room. There's a huge king-size bed with black and gray covers; to the left, it looks like a walk-in closet; to the right, she assumes it must be the bathroom. She walks to the sliding door and opens it. The view that greets her is breathtaking. She can see the beach from her window. She looked at her watch and quickly closed the door, then went to the bathroom. She takes a quick shower and then puts a towel around her. Lisa went back to the room and got her underwear out of her back. She decides to wear her black lace underwear and takes off the dress Alessandro asked her to put on. Lisa quickly dressed in it and looked at herself in the mirror. The dress reaches just above her knees, has a low cut at the bust, and is strapless. She takes out her black pumps and puts them on. Then she wears a simple, heart-shaped necklace. She applies light makeup and decides to leave her hair down. Once she is finished, she looks at herself one more time and walks downstairs. 

As soon as she reaches the stairs, Alessandro is already waiting for her in an Armani suit with his hair neatly combed back. Lisa thinks he looks good in black. Alessandro looked up and almost choked on his saliva when he saw how gorgeous Lisa looked. Alessandro takes her hand and asks her to put a blindfold over her eyes. She looks at Alessandro weirdly. 

"Don't worry, I will not let us fall. I already know my way to where I want to take you. Just trust me," he assures her. Lisa smiles and says, "I trust you". She took the blindfold and put it on, then linked her arms with Alessandro's. He leads them outside. After a few seconds, he whispers in her ear. 

"You can take it off now." Lisa takes it off and looks at the beach. There, in the middle of the white sandy beach, is a table set for two with rose petals in the form of a heart. She looks up at Alessandro and whispers. 

"It's beautiful"

"Not as beautiful as my wife," he replies. Lisa frowns but quickly covers it up. Alessandro leads them to the table and holds a chair for her. Soon, a waitress comes and brings their drinks and starter. 

"To us," Alessandro says as he holds his champagne glass out to Lisa. Lisa clenched her class to his and replied, "To us." They eat their starter, and then she hears Ed Sheeran's song Thinking Out Loud playing. Alessandro got up and held his hands out to her. 

"May I have this dance?" Lisa takes his hands, and they start dancing to the music. 

"You look beautiful tonight," Alessandro whispers. She looks up at him and asks, "And if I may ask, how do you know how I look? I'm not even dressed that fancy."
 
"Trust me, these black dresses suit you perfectly. It shows off your tight, small ass." He tells her Lisa looks at him, confused. 
















###chapter 35
"How do you know the dress shows my ass?" She asks. Alessandro smiles down at her and sees her frown. 

"Don't frown like that, Cara Mia," he tells her. 
"Ho, how do you know I was frowning?" She asks again. Alessandro pulls her close to him, then whispers in her ears, "Because I can see you clearly." Lisa looks up at him, shocked. 

"W... what, how, when?" She stutters. 

"The past few weeks that I went to Miami, I went for an operation. I got my eyesight back. I wanted you to be the first to know." 

Lisa looks at him with tears in her eyes, then throws her arms around his neck, saying, "O, Alessandro, I am so happy for you."

"Thank you, Cara Mia; I waited long for this day. Of course, I still need to wear the sunglasses for a few weeks." He tells her 

"So yesterday and this whole day, you just acted like you were still blind?"

"Yes, I planned to tell you specifically."

"O, thank you, Alessandro," Lisa says as she plants a full kiss on his mouth. Realizing what she has done, she looks down. Alessandro lifts her chin, then bends down and kisses her passionately. 

"Let's eat before the food gets cold," Alessandro tells her. They ate, chatted for a while, and danced one last time.
Alessandro then takes her hand and leads her back to the Villa. Once they reached their bedroom, Alessandro opened the door and let Lisa go in first. Just as she passed him, he pulled her back and shoved her against the closed door.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
His lips connect with Lisa's, and she runs her hands through his hair. He grabs both sides of her thigh, picking her up and throwing her on the bed. He meets her over her body. Not wasting any time, his soft, dark hair brushes her jawline as he kisses her neck, sucking harshly.
"Alessandro." Lisa moans, gripping the bedsheet.

"Yes, baby?" He whispers huskily. Her hands find the bottom of his white shirt and pull it up as his fingers gently trace their way under her dress to her bra, teasing. She gasps as his thumb flicks over her nipple, and he smirks, driving her wild. His full lips take total control of her mind.
Lisa's never been touched like this before. He rips her dress open and takes off her lace bra, exposing her breasts.
"O fuck". He says it under his breath, and Lisa bites her lips, blushing. "You're so fucking cute when you blush, Lisa."
His words drive Lisa wild in the best way possible. His voice and filthy words are something she can hardly handle.
His hands lowered down to her belly button, then lowered and lowered.
Lisa gasped and closed her eyes as his fingertips rubbed her clit softly.
"O my God," she sighs.
"You're so wet for me," he says, and without permission, his finger slides inside her. His hands are so large.
"Alessandro." Lisa said, her eyebrows knit together and her voice full of lust.
"Fuck, you're making me hard." He breathes. He started going down and sliding his tongue inside her. Lisa arched her back as his tongue licked her. 

"Alessandro", Lisa moans as she grabs his hair. 

"You taste good, baby, fuck," he says as he sits up and starts playing with her clit. 

"Alessandro!" she moans.

"That's right, baby, come for me," he tells her. Lisa feels her stomach tighten and her legs begin to shake. "Oh God, Alessandro!" she screams in ecstasy. Alessandro licks her clean, then starts to take off his pants.
"Please, Alessandro," Lisa pleads, her voice filled with desperation.

"Are you sure?" He asks. Lisa nods and pulls him to her, kissing him.
He takes her underwear off and spreads her legs. 

"I will be gentle; it's going to hurt at first. Just tell me when I must stop," he tells her. Lisa nods, and she feels how he starts pushing into her slowly and gently. As he goes deeper tears roll off her cheeks. Alessandro gently wipes it away, then tenderly kisses her. Once he's inside, he lies still for Lisa to adjust. 

"Are you alright?" he asks. "Yes," she whispers softly as her hips sway instinctively.
Alessandro starts pounding in and out of her. "O fuck, baby, you feel so good," he says as he begins to pick up his pace. "Alessandro."

"That's right, baby, scream my name."

"O fuck Alessandro!" Lisa screams as her stomach begins to tighten again. Her legs shake violently as an orgasm overtakes her. Alessandro finds his release soon after and falls onto Lisa.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You are beautiful, Lisa," he said, kissing her head.

"I am going to run a hot bath for you with some salt; it will help with the pain you're having." He stood up and went to the bathroom. A few minutes later, he returns and then bends down and picks Lisa up, carrying her to the bathtub. He carefully puts her in and then starts washing her. 

"You can get in with me," she offers. She moves up, and Alessandro slides in at her back. She let her head fall back onto his chest.
After a while, they wash each other off and get out. Alessandro walks out of the bathroom with just his towel. Lisa enters the room and finds Alessandro changing the sheets. She looks at the red stain and blushes. 

"O, don't blush, baby; it was the best night of my life," he tells her with a smirk. Lisa smiles at him and quickly helps him change the sheets. Soon they got into bed.
That night, Alessandro and Lisa made love until the morning hours.

###chapter 36

WARNING!!! SEXUAL SCENE!!!
Third-person POV
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The following morning, Alessandro and Lisa took a shower together. Alessandro washes her hair and then her back. He spins her around and kisses her, grabbing her ass. Lisa throws her legs around his torso, grabbing his hair. Alessandro slides inside her, then picks up his pace as he slams in and out of her. "O fuck," Lisa screams. "Oh fuck, baby!" Alessandro screams with every thrust. Soon they both find their release and wash themselves again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"We are going on a tour this morning; we can grab breakfast at one of the local restaurants", Alessandro tells Lisa as they get dressed. Lisa turns to Alessandro and notices he's wearing a khaki short chino with a white V-neck shirt and his van. She stares at him until she hears him say, "Like what you're seeing?"

"I wasn't staring." With a blush, she vehemently denies it. She must say that he looks damn hot in those clothes. She decides to dress in short denim and a white shirt with her Vans and make her hair in a high ponytail. The two of them then went to the car, where Liam was already waiting for them. 
"Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Mancini." He greets them with a smile. 
"Morning, Liam. How are you today?" They both greet him. 
"Please take us to Arawak Cay." Alessandro instructs. Alessandro takes Lisa's hand and intertwines their fingers, then places a kiss on her hand.

They soon arrive at their destination. Alessandro leads her inside Sky Juice King, and a waiter comes and helps them. 
"Welcome to Sky Juice King. I will be your waiter. What can I get you?" The young waiter proceeds to ask them. 

"May we please have two refreshing Sky Juices, alcohol-free?" Alessandro asks him. The waiter nods and then leaves to get the order. 

"Wow, this place is awesome," Lisa comments as she looks around. 

"Yes, I usually come here whenever I visit," Alessandro tells her. The waiter comes back with the drinks, and Alessandro tells him, "Please give us two of your regular burgers." The waiter writes it down and then leaves. 
"So what do you have planned for today?" Lisa asks him. 

"Well, after this, we are going hiking at the Primeval Forest National Park", Alessandro tells her. Soon their food arrives, and they eat in silence. After they are done, Alessandro asks for the bill. 

They left hand in hand and took a taxi to the park. It took them an hour to get there, as the driver didn't have a clue where it was. Alessandro paid for them, and soon they joined other visitors waiting for the tour guide. 

"Good day, ladies and gentlemen. My name is John, and I will be your tour guide this morning." Their tour guide announces Everyone follows him as he shows them the different plants and animals. They walked some more when John showed them the sinkholes, which were interesting for Lisa. After hours of exploring, the tour ends, and Alessandro calls Liam to come and fetch them. While they wait for Liam, Alessandro takes Lisa to the local gift shop. There, they bought some souvenirs and went outside. Liam waved at the pair and watched them walk to him. Liam helped put the bags in the car and started driving. Lisa fell asleep on Alessandro's shoulder. 

When they reach the Villa, Alessandro gently wakes Lisa. "Lisa, we are back at the Villa." He tells her Lisa wakes up and then climbs out of the car. Once they are inside, Olivia informs them that their lunch is ready. They sit down and enjoy the lunch Olivia made. After lunch, Lisa asked Alessandro if he wanted to go down to the beach with her. He nodded, and they went to get their swimsuits.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Lisa took off her swimming gown, and Alessandro almost choked. "I'm glad I have a private beach; otherwise, I would have been jealous because other guys would have been admiring you," Alessandro says, his eyes appreciating Lisa's captivating form. 

She's wearing a black bikini, and it shows off her big breasts. Alessandro feels himself getting hard at the sight of Lisa. Lisa took his hand and took off his shirt. Her breath hitched at the sight of his naked body. His eight-pack on display and that V line She drags him to the water, and they start swimming. 
Alessandro picks her up and then throws her into the water. As Lisa resurfaces, she looks at Alessandro and says, "You're going to pay for doing that." She shouts. Trying to catch him, she fails miserably. Alessandro walks up to her from behind and grabs her head, smashing his lips against hers. They start to kiss passionately when Alessandro picks her up and walks to the beach. He pulls her bikini bottom off and pushes his hard cock into her.

"Oh fuck, Alessandro!" Lisa screams as he thrusts into her again. 

"You're so tight, baby". He says this as he continues to pound into her. Lisa's body quivered with every push he made. Lisa was having an orgasm as his body tightened, and he groaned at her back arch. He put his big hand on her lower back and pulled her closer as he came. Alessandro kisses her and helps her get dressed again.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Walking back hand in hand, they went to take a shower. Lisa decides to wear a simple summer dress and put her hair in a high ponytail. Alessandro came out of the bathroom dressed in jeans and a white shirt. Alessandro took her hand, and they went down for dinner and ate in silence. 

"So what do you want to do after dinner?" Lisa asked. 

"MMM, I can think of a lot of things the two of us can do together." Alessandro winks at her. 

Lisa rolls her eyes and says, "Get your head out of the gutter, Mr.; how about we have a movie night and relax?" She suggests. Alessandro agrees. 

They finished their food and went to the living room. Lisa decides to choose a movie and put an action movie on for them. After the movie, Lisa looks at Alessandro. 

"How about we play twenty questions"? Lisa asked. Alessandro laughs and asks her, "How old are you again?"
 
"Hey, watch it", Lisa laughs. "Alright, I will start with your favorite color," Alessandro asks. 

"Black, and yours?"
"Also, favorite song?"
"Savage love, Jason Derulo, and yours?"

"Thinking out loud after last night," He replies with a wink. Lisa thinks about last night and smiles. Alessandro pulls her to him and kisses her. 

"We are not done yet, Mr." Lisa scolds, trying to break free, but Alessandro just holds her tight. He starts to nibble her earlobe and whisper, "Are you sure we are not done?" 

Lisa gives up and turns to Alessandro, lowering her lips to his. The kiss gets hot and steamy. Alessandro picks her up in one move, and Lisa throws her legs around his waist. On their way to the room, Alessandro kisses and sucks her neck, earning a moan from Lisa. As he reaches the door, Lisa opens it, and Alessandro goes in, kicking it shut. He laid her down on the bed and started taking off her clothes. That night, they made passionate love.
The next few days go by quickly. Lisa and Alessandro enjoy every minute together. They got to know each other better. She comes to know his worst fear and what he loves the most. He might be seen as a heartless man, but deep inside he has a soft heart. She realized how much she fell for him every single day.

Alessandro still can't put his feelings in perspective. He knows she makes him smile, and she knows how to have fun. Even though life gave her a few hard kicks, she still managed to stand up and take life full on. He admires her for taking her sister under her wing after their parent's deaths. She is a strong woman, and of that he is sure. Every time she comes near him, his heart skips a beat and his hands get all sweaty. But still, that can't be love.
On the last day of their honeymoon, it rains heavily. Alessandro and Lisa decided to stay inside and watch movies. Then Lisa decides to have some fun. She tacked Alessandro and said, "Tack it", and started to run. Alessandro chased her and soon caught her inside the laundry room. He walks up to her slowly, like she is his prey. 

"What am I going to do with you?" He pretends to think. 

"Umm, you can move so that I can go?"
He shakes his head and grabs her. He then lifts her up, and she sits on the washing machine. "MMM, I like this position you are in." 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
He starts kissing her neck and takes her shirt off next to follow her bra. He takes one breast in his mouth and starts sucking on it. Lisa throws her head back, and a moan escapes her lips. He then takes her pants and underwear off, and he starts to play with her clit. "Alessandro," Lisa moans as she digs her nails into his shoulder. 

"Right there, O my God," Lisa screams as Alessandro licks her clit and inserts a finger, increasing his pace. 
"Please, Alessandro, fuck me," Lisa begs him. Alessandro got up and dropped his pants. He then lined up his manhood at her entrance and slammed into her. 

"O fuck, baby, you feel so good," Alessandro tells her as he slams in and out of her. Lisa's body shakes violently as she undoes around him, and soon Alessandro empties himself deep inside of Lisa. They panted as they stood head-to-head, looking at each other. Alessandro opened the door, and they went out. Lisa went to take a shower and asked Alessandro if he wanted to join her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
After dinner, they went and sat on the deck, watching the ocean. "I could stay here forever," Lisa says as she stares at the ocean. 

"We can always come back; this is my Villa after all," Alessandro tells her. Lisa looks up at Alessandro and smiles at him before saying, "Thank you for bringing me here; I enjoyed it."
 






###chapter 37
Alessandro looks down at her and tells her, "You're welcome; this is the best vacation I've had in a very long time." They sit there for a while until it starts to rain heavily.
Lisa went to the kitchen to make some hot chocolate for them.
After a while, they went up. Lisa went to the bathroom, did her nightly routine, and then went to bed. Alessandro also went to do his business and then joined Lisa. She moves closer to him and lies on his chest. Soon, she fell asleep in his arms. Alessandro kisses her head and then falls asleep, thinking about the week they spent together.
The next morning, Lisa went down to make them some breakfast. After she is finished, she takes the tray upstairs. 

"Good morning, Mr. Mancini. I hope you slept well," Lisa teased him. 

"I can get used to this, you know," he says as he sits up. Alessandro feeds Lisa, and Lisa does the same. 

After breakfast, they went and took a shower. Lisa starts packing their bags. She can't believe this week went by so fast. She enjoyed the honeymoon and doesn't regret giving herself fully to Alessandro. As soon as she's done, Alessandro comes to help her get the bags. Lisa looks at the room one more time before following Alessandro.

"Thank you for everything, Olivia. Take care of yourself." Lisa says as she hugs Olivia. 

"It was a pleasure; take care of yourself and Alessandro. We look forward to meeting you again." Olivia lovingly embraces Lisa, while Alessandro carries their bags to the awaiting car. Soon they will be on their way to the jet.
As they stepped inside, the same air hostess greeted them. Still ignoring Lisa and flirting with Alessandro. This is going to be one long flight, Lisa thinks. They take their seats and lift off. Lisa feels sad that this week went by so fast. At least she and Alessandro are on good terms, she thinks.

Lisa went to lay down, and soon Alessandro joined. The two of them went at it again until they fell asleep.
Lisa wakes up when Alessandro tells her they will land shortly. As she went to her seat, the air hostess gave her a dirty look. Lisa rolls her eyes.
Back at the mansion, Lilani ran up to them. "Lisa, Ali, you're back." She screams excitedly. Lisa bends down and picks her up. 

"Hello Lil." She greets her and then kisses her on the head. Alessandro takes her and kisses her head, saying, "It looks like you have grown since the last time I saw you." Everyone who hears it is taken back. 

"The operation was successful." Alessandro informs them. They all went up to him and congratulated him. Grandma stands there with tears in her eyes. She's very glad to hear that her grandson has his eyesight back.

"I'm proud of you, son." Grandpa says this and hugs him.
After they went inside, Lisa gave everyone a present she had bought them. 
 
"Ali, will you remember Father and Daughter Day?" Lilani asks him. 

"Yes, I didn't forget about it." He tells her Lilani smiles at Alessandro and hugs him. They all want to know how the Bahamas were. Alessandro and Lisa tell them mostly what they did. Lisa watches Alessandro out of the corner of her eyes as he tells them about their hiking and fishing trips. 

Alessandro looks at Lisa every time he tells them about the honeymoon. Lisa realizes he's thinking about all the times they made her blush. The others notice Lisa blushing, but before Kevin can say anything, Lisa excuses herself and goes to unpack their backs.
That night, she went to sleep alone after Alessandro informed her he would be up late taking care of some business. She can't help but worry that he will become distant from her again. That night, she fell asleep with a heavy heart.
"Mr. Lombardi lost all of his companies," Johnny tells Alessandro. 

"Good, but I think this is not the last we hear about him; he will take revenge," Alessandro tells them. 

"Yes, you know that family is money-hungry," Kevin says. 

"We will just need to keep a close eye on him," Jake comments. 

"So tell us, did you at least enjoy yourself and learn to open up to Lisa?" Kevin asked him. 

"Yes, I already told you what we did, and for the first time in forever, I enjoyed it," Alessandro answered truthfully. The guys look at each other with a knowing look on their faces. 

"Did you get to sort out your feelings for Lisa?" Jake asked. "No, there's nothing to sort out. We will never be more than just friends," Alessandro tells them. Johnny just shakes his head in disapproval and tells the guys he's going. Soon, the others will also leave. Alessandro stays up and starts doing some important paperwork.

###chapter 38

The next few days, Alessandro kept himself busy. He goes to his head office early and comes back late. One night, he came home early, just as the others went down for dinner. 

"Ali! Your home." Lilani shouted and went to hug him. 

"Hello, princess," Alessandro says when he picks her up. 

"Do you remember Father and Daughter Day tomorrow?" The little girl asks him 

"Yes, that's why I'm home early tonight; I will never forget it".
Lisa watched them as the two talked. She missed him this past week. 

She notices he hasn't shaved in a while, but he looks good with the small beard that's appearing on his face. She wonders why he ignores her just after the week they spent together. Maybe he just has a lot of work to do. 

Alessandro walks in with Lilani in his arms. "Hello, Lisa. How was your day?" He asks her calmly. 

"Hey, it was fine; thank you and yours?"

"Same old, same old." He takes his seat, and Maria brings the food. They start to eat, but Alessandro never says a word during the dinner. It was mainly Lilani and Alice who did most of the talking. After everyone ate, Lisa took the dishes to the kitchen, while Alessandro and Lilani went to the lounge and played for a bit.
The next morning, when Alessandro woke up, he found the bed empty. He wonders where Lisa is. Just then, the bedroom door opens, and Lilani makes her appearance. 

"Good morning, sleepyhead." She smiles at him. 

"Are you going to get up? We have to get ready for our day at school."

"Yes, I was just about to get ready; give me twenty minutes, and I will be down." Lilani nods and then runs off to find her sister. Lilani found Lisa at the back door, watching in the distance. She wonders why her sister looks so sad. 

"Hey, Lisa. What are you doing out here?" Lilani is concerned. 

"O hey, Lilani I was just taking some fresh air. Come, let's go and set the table. Do you have everything for today?" She asks her little sister. 

"Yes, Ali will be down any minute now, and then everything will be ready." Lisa nods her head, takes Lilani's hand, and walks to the dining room. She thinks she must phone Sophia today and ask her to meet her somewhere. With that thought, she starts setting the table. Alessandro walks in just as the table is finished. He looks around and finds Lisa walking his way with the food. 

He takes a seat and starts to speak. "You were up early this morning, Lisa." 

Lisa looked at him confused but answered, "Yes, I couldn't sleep, so I decided to make breakfast." 

Alessandro just nods and starts putting pancakes on his plate. After breakfast, Lisa tells Lilani to brush her teeth and get her bag. Lisa notices Alessandro wearing denim with his black Adidas t-shirt and white Vans. Lilani comes down and tells Alessandro that she's ready. Lisa kissed Lilani good bey and watched the two of them walk away. 

Alessandro didn't even greet her, she thought sadly. She went and called Sophia. After a few rings, Sophia picks up. 
"Lisa, hey girl, how are you?"

"I'm good, thank you. I want to know if maybe we can meet somewhere." She asks her sister-in-law. 

"Yes, how about we go to our usual place? Meet me there in an hour?"

"Sounds great; see you there". Lisa ended the call and went to get ready.
She takes a shower and then decides to wear skinny jeans with a spaghetti strap black shirt and her black pumps. She put her hair in a high ponytail, decided not to wear any makeup, and went downstairs. 

"Maria, I'm going out for a bit if Lilani and Alessandro get back before I do." She informs her. 

"Yes, Mrs. Mancini, enjoy your outing." Maria smiles at the attractive young woman in front of her. Maria has noticed the sadness in her eyes. She wishes she could slap Alessandro until next year for treating the poor girl like that. Lisa went to the garage and decided to take the Mercedes-Benz c class. Soon she'll be on her way to meet with Sophia.
At Lilani's school, every teacher is drooling over the handsome man with Lilani. 

"He can't surely be her father, can he?" One of the teachers asks 

"No way, did you see what her mother looks like?" Another one tells them

"Yes, no wonder he left her; maybe one of us should show him what a real woman is like." They start laughing. Lilani and Alessandro sit down in one of the chairs, waiting for the event to begin. 

"O, I see little Miss got herself a father", one of the children mocks. 
"No way, he will leave her just like her real parents did", Alessandro hears another kid say. 

"Lilani, no one can love you; why are you making a fool out of yourself? A guy like that won't be an ugly girl like your father." The kids started laughing at Lilani. Lilani's heart breaks because of the mean things they are saying to her. She looks up at Alessandro with tears in her eyes. Alessandro notices the tears, picks her up on his lap, and hugs her. 

"Don't you dare listen to them; you are a beautiful girl. Lisa and I love you as if you were our own. Do you hear me, princess?" He asked her while wiping away her tears. Lilani nods at him, but her heart still hurts. Soon, one of the teachers announces that the day will start. Each father and daughter are going to bake cupcakes and then decorate them.

Everyone went to a station, and soon the bell rang for them to start. Alessandro and Lilani are having so much fun baking that both of them are full of flour when they are finished. The principal watches the two and notices how close they are. The bell rang again, and everyone stopped what they were doing. Three judges, one of whom is the principal, walked from station to station, then went to the next event. 

Lilani enjoys herself so much because, even though Ali's not her real father, he still manages to spend time with her. She looks up to the sky and then says out loud, "Thank you, mommy and daddy, for sending an angel like my Ali. I was sad because all the other kids have parents and I don't; they all say I'm ugly and that no one will love me because I'm an orphan", she cries. "But then I realized you guys sent him to us." She smiles through her tears. Alessandro and some other parents heard what she said and wiped away tears. Alessandro went to Lilani and took her by the shoulder. She turns around and smiles up at him.
"So you're telling me he's been ignoring you ever since you got back from your honeymoon?" Sophia asked. 

"Yes, maybe it's not out of spite; maybe he just had a lot of work to do," Lisa tells her. 

"O, no, don't you dare defend his actions. That idiot took your V card, and now he wants to pretend as if nothing happened", Sophia says angrily. 

"Don't stress; it's not good for baby", Lisa tells her while pointing at her growing belly. Sophia agrees and promises not to get upset. 

"So what are you going to do now?"
 
"I don't know, and I'm sure as hell not going to run after him," Lisa says. 

"You go, girl, maybe give him some of his own medicine?" She suggests. Lisa nods and says she will think about it. They chatted for a while, then Sophia told Lisa she had to go home before Gabriele sent a search party for her. They hug each other and then leave.
Lisa had just pulled the car into the garage when Alessandro and Lilani stopped. "Lisa, this was the best day ever". Lilani excitedly shouts out while running. 

"I am glad you enjoyed your special day."
Lisa looks up and starts laughing when she sees Alessandro covered in flour. 

"O, you're laughing at me?" He asks her 

"Well, did you see how you look? Oh, my word, haha, haha," Lisa continues. The next moment, Alessandro walks up to her and throws her over his shoulder. 

"Hey, put me down, you baboon!" Lisa shouts while hitting his back. 

"No, I think I'm going to teach you a lesson for laughing at me." He tells her and slaps her ass. The next moment, he let go of her, and Lisa fell into the pool. As she gets up, she looks pissed. 

"Will you please help me out?" She asks him sweetly. Alessandro looks at her and shakes his head. He then turns around and high-fives Lilani, but he didn't see Lisa coming his way. Lisa runs and tackles him into the pool. Alessandro comes up and looks at Lisa. 

"How the hell did you do that?" He is shocked that a small woman just tackled him into a pool. 

"Don't underestimate me, darling." She winks and swims to the side. Lilani, who was watching everything, laughed her head off.
Lisa and Alessandro went to get themselves cleaned. 

"Dammit, that water is cold," Lisa says, her teeth clapping against each other. 

"Yes, it's almost winter", Alessandro replied. Lilani knocked on their door and went inside when she heard them say, come in. 

"So tell me, how was your day?" Lisa asks her sister. 

"Ooh, it was fun. We baked cupcakes, we built a dollhouse, we painted, and guess what?"

"You left it at school?"

"No, dummy. Ali and I won the first prize, silly, and Ali told my teacher that Antonio would fetch it". She rambles. 

"Wow, I am proud of you, Lilani," Lisa says as she hugs her sister. She turns to Alessandro and says, "Thank you". Alessandro nods, then bends down and tells Lilani. 

"How about we order pizza for tonight to celebrate our victory?"

"Yes, thank you, Ali". Lilani turns and runs out of the room to tell Alice. Lisa laughs, shaking her head.
Alessandro orders the pizza while Lisa makes some coffee for them. She thought it was getting colder at night. As they waited for the pizza, Alessandro excused himself and went to his office. An hour later, the pizza arrived, and Lisa went to call Alessandro. As they sit down, Alessandro tells them he has some important news for them. "Lilani, from today on, I am your legal guardian as well." Lilani started crying and ran to him. 

"You mean I get to call you my brother now?" She asks. 

"Yes, princess, you can if that's what you want." Lilani starts crying and says, "Are you sure you want me?"

Alessandro wipes her tears and says, "I am a hundred and ten percent sure I want you as my family". He assures her. Lisa and the others have tears in their eyes as Alessandro and Lilani hug each other. 

"Can I take your surname now?" Lilani was tired of being bullied because of her status as an orphan, and besides, it doesn't mean she will forget her parents just because she changed her surname. In fact, she wants her parents surname as well.
Alessandro looks at Lisa. Lisa nods in approval; she can't take Lilani's happiness away. Her parents would want her to be happy. 

"Yes, we can arrange that."
In the meantime. "That fucking bastard took everything I own away from me. I will make sure he pays for this. He just messed with the wrong fucking man." Mr. Lombardi shouts at some of his men. "I will not rest until I get my revenge."

###chapter 39

Lisa was having breakfast the next morning when Antonio came to her and told her she had a phone call. Lisa frowns and walks to the phone, "Lisa Mancini, hello."

"Lisa!" she hears her aunt talking on the other end. 

"I called you to let you know that Grandpa was in an accident last night. Grandpa's condition is very serious." Her aunt explains. 

"Thank you very much for letting me know. I will return to South Africa as soon as possible." Lisa informs her aunt. After that, she hung up the phone and turned around with tears in her eyes. Alessandro walks up to Lisa and sees her crying. 

"Lisa, what's wrong?" He was concerned when he noticed the tears in her eyes. 

"I just received a call from South Africa. My grandpa had an accident last night. I will have to go to South Africa immediately." She tells him. 

"I'm sorry to hear that, my little one," Alessandro says sympathetically. 

"I will arrange for us to leave for South Africa within the next two hours."
 
"I appreciate your thoughtfulness, Alessandro, but it's not necessary that you have to go along and leave everything here just like that," she objects. 

"I can go alone...

"I'm not willing to let you go alone, Lisa, and don't worry about my business. I have a good team that knows what they are doing." Alessandro tells her. 

"All right, thank you, Alessandro," Lisa says in a sad voice. 

"I'm going to pack our bags and get Lilani ready as well."
With that, she walks up the stairs and starts packing for her and Alessandro. When she has finished packing, she walks to Lilani's room and packs her suitcase. 

"Lilani, let's get you ready. We're getting ready to leave for Grandpa's!" She explains it to Lilani. Alice helps Lisa get Lilani ready for their journey.
Two hours later, the three of them are on their way to South Africa on Alessandro's private plane. Lisa notices that the air hostess from the previous time is still there but is too upset to be bothered by the girl's bad behavior. The flight is long and boring. Lilani went to make herself comfortable on the bed and rest. Lisa falls asleep in her seat; Alessandro sees it and puts her head on his shoulders. 

At ten oclock in the evening, they land at the airport. Lisa takes Lilani's hand and walks to the waiting vehicle. Alessandro completes all the formalities and follows Lisa and Lilani. Lisa looks up when she hears her name and sees her uncle walking up to them. Lisa greets her uncle and introduces Alessandro to him. 

Alessandro, this is my uncle Ettiene; uncle, this is my husband Alessandro." The two men shake hands. For Alessandro's sake, Lisa and her uncle speak English because Alessandro doesn't understand Afrikaans. 

"How is grandpa?" Lisa asks anxiously as they drive away from the airport. Alessandro thanked the taxi they were supposed to take to the farm and paid for it after Lisa's uncle arrived.
Alessandro sits in front of Uncle Ettiene, and Lisa and Lilani sit in the back.

"Well, at least he recognizes us and even had a faint smile when we told him about your arrival," Ettiene says. 

"It's good to hear," Lisa replied. It was almost eleven when they stopped in front of the farmhouse. Lilani fell asleep on Lisa's lap. Alessandro climbs out and opens the back door to take Lilani out. Lisa and her uncle also get out of the car and get their bags. Lisa's aunt opens the door when she notices her husband and Lisa. 

"Welcome back, Lisa, my dear child," her aunt warmly greets her. 

"Hello, Aunt Amalia, thank you very much for allowing us to stay here for a few days." Lisa warmly greets her beloved aunt. Amalia notices the handsome man behind Lisa with Lilani in his arms. 

"You must be Lisa's husband for sure. Come in; I'll take you to the room where Lilani sleeps." She warmly greets Alessandro and playfully winks at Lisa. Alessandro follows Amalia to the bedroom and lays Lilani gently on the bed. He turned and gently closed the door behind him. He walks to where he hears Lisa's voice. 

"Alessandro, this is my aunt Amalia; auntie, this is Alessandro, my husband." Lisa introduces them. 

"O my soul, you are an attractive man." The aunt greets him with a hug. Lisa smiles at her aunt's remark and blushes.
 
"Why didn't you tell us you married a Greek God, Lisa?" Lisa just laughs at her aunt's silliness. 

"Can I make you something to drink? Will Alessandro enjoy a drink with Uncle Ettiene or have coffee?" Amalia asks. 

"I'll have coffee; thank you, aunt," Lisa replied, and then continued as she looked at Alessandro, "Alessandro will take a brandy with uncle Ettiene."
 
They walk into the kitchen, and Lisa quickly helps her aunt get everyone's drinks. They sit and talk for a while when Lisa announces that she's going to bed. "Good night, uncle, aunt." She wishes the older people a good night. 

"Thank you very much for the refreshment. I will go to bed too. Good night, uncle, aunt." Alessandro tells them. Lisa takes him to the room where she always slept whenever she came to visit here on the farm. 

"The bathroom is across the room if you want to take a shower or bath," Lisa tells Alessandro. 

"Thank you very much. I will hurry, and then you can go too."
While Alessandro is in the bathroom, Lisa quickly gets the bed ready for them and packs their clothes neatly in the closet. Not long after she's done, Alessandro comes in and says she can go. Lisa takes her clothes off and walks to the bathroom. Alessandro stands at the window, staring into the quiet night. It looks peaceful here on the farm. He's so deep in thought that he doesn't hear Lisa coming in. 

"I'm going to turn off the big light; as soon as you go to bed, you can just turn off the bedside lamp." He hears Lisa say 

"It's alright; I'm going to bed myself."

The next morning, Lisa woke up before dawn and went down to prepare breakfast. "Good morning, aunt", she greets Amalia when she goes into the kitchen. 

"Good morning, honey," Amalia replies warmly. Lisa helps with breakfast and decks the table. 
 

"So, tell me, how did you meet him?" Her aunt wants to know. Lisa laughs at her aunt's curiosity and tells the short version, "Well, we met at a park, and Lilani started talking to him. For me, it was love at first sight, and after two weeks, he asked me to marry him, and well, six months later, here we are, still going strong."
 
"O, Lisa, your parents would have loved him. He seems like a gentleman. But what's with the dark glasses?"
 
"Well, he was left blind after an accident, and a few weeks ago he went for surgery; it was a success, but he still needs to wear them for a few weeks," Lisa explained. Just then, Alessandro walks into the kitchen, hand in hand with Lilani. 

"Auntie A!" Lilani shouts and runs to her aunt. Amalia picks her up and kisses her all over her face. 

While tickling Lilani, she exclaims "Look how big you have gotten!"

"Yes, I can't stay small forever", Lilani said, rolling her eyes. 

"Where's uncle?" She asks. 

"He will be here just now; he went out to fix one of the fences,", Amalia told them. Lisa hands Alessandro's coffee to him.

After breakfast, they went to the Toyota Hilux her uncle said they could take and made their way to the hospital. Lisa asked the nurse for her grandfather's room, and she went there when she told Lisa. Lisa opens the door and sees her grandfather lying on the bed. 

"O grandpa", Lisa walks up to him and kisses him. Although her grandpa can't talk, Lisa introduces Alessandro to him. After a while, she tells Grandpa Johan they will visit him in the afternoon. Lisa takes Alessandro's hand and leads him to a small restaurant once they are outside. 

"Hello, what can I get you?" A waitress comes up to them. 

"Give me a chocolate milkshake, please", Lisa asks. "I will have the vanilla milkshake", Alessandro tells the waiter. 

"It's a small town your family lives in",

"Yes, grandpa lived here his whole life. Dullstroom is a small town, but everyone here stands together." She tells him. The waiter brings their milkshake, and they order burgers. 

"So, your grandpa, uncle, and aunt live in the same house?"

"Yes, after grandma passed away six years ago, my mother and her brother decided that one of them must live with grandpa. So my uncle said he would go and live with him."

"Where are your cousins?"

"O, I think they will be here by tonight." Lisa and Alessandro talked a while longer, then went back to grandpa. Lisa showed him some photos of their wedding day and told Grandpa everything about Lilani. After some time, Lisa and Alessandro greet Grandpa and drive back to the farm.
On their arrival, Lisa notices her cousin's car. "Lisa, is that you?" She hears Marna scream. Lisa waves at Marna and notices a young man next to her. Alessandro takes Lisa's hand and walks towards them. 

"Honey, this is my cousin, Marna, and Marna, this is my husband, Alessandro." Lisa introduces them to each other. Marna looks at the man in front of her. 

"Nice to meet you; you hurt my cousin, and they will never find your body", Marna greets Alessandro. 

"Lisa, I'd like you to meet Ruan, my boyfriend." After everyone was introduced, they went inside. 

"We are going to have a BBQ, Amalia informs them. I am already busy with the bread and potato salad".
 
"Can I help with anything?" Lisa offers. 

"No, dear, but you can get us some beer?" Lisa grins and goes to the fridge to get a beer for them. Alessandro takes him and goes with Eugene to the lapa, where he starts the fire.
"Hello everyone", Lisa heard her cousin say. 

"JP! How are you?" She asks and hugs him. She introduces JP to Alessandro
 
"So you're staying in Italy for good?" JP asks. 

"Yes, Alessandro has his business there, and besides, you guys can always visit us, and vice versa". Lisa tells him. 

"So, any girlfriends yet?"
 
"No, I'm too busy with my studies to think about girls", JP answers. 

JP and Marna are brothers and sisters. Marna is twenty-seven years old, and JP is twenty years old. Both also have dark hair and brown eyes, just like their mother. JP is studying to be a lawyer, and Marna is a doctor. Aunt Amalia brings the meat, and soon they start to enjoy the BBQ.
After they ate, everyone went to the hospital to visit Grandpa. The doctor tells Amalia and Eugene that Grandpa will be discharged tomorrow morning. Grandpa seems happy to hear that he can go home and doesn't have to stay here any longer.
They talked to Grandpa for a few more hours until the nurse asked them to leave.

On the farm, everyone got ready for bed. Alessandro can't help but keep staring at his beautiful wife. Why can't they just be a normal husband and wife? Why does he get jealous whenever he catches some man ogling his wife? Maybe he should just give this marriage a real chance. With that thought, he turns to Lisa and holds her against his chest.

###chapter 40

WARNING!! SEXUAL SCENE!!

Grandpa is back at the farm, and it seems like he's getting better with each passing day. Alessandro and Grandpa Johan seem to be getting along very well. Alessandro and the old man talk about Alessandro's business, and the old man tells him about his farming. Alessandro enjoys this visit, as does Grandpa.

Two weeks have passed since they arrived in South Africa. Each day, Alessandro sees a new sight of Lisa. One night, he asks Lisa if he can talk to her. 

"I... um... I was thinking... if you are willing, then maybe we could give our marriage a real chance?" Nervously, he asks her. Lisa smiles brightly and jumps into his arms. 

"Of course, I would give it a try." Alessandro looked into her eyes and then bent down, capturing her lips. 

"You just made me the happiest man alive." He says this and spins her around in his arms. Lisa has never felt this happy in her whole life. Finally, she gets to belong to someone. They went for a walk outside, and Lisa looked up at the sky. 

"I wish my parents were here to meet you," she tells him. Alessandro holds her close and says. 

"Both of our parents are watching us from above, and I think your parents would have been proud of the woman you are today." Lisa looks at him, stands on her toes, and kisses Alessandro tenderly. Suddenly they feel water drops, and both look up when it starts to rain. Alessandro grabs Lisa's hand, and they run towards the house.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They quietly walked to their room to get dry clothes, and then went to take a shower. Lisa washes Alessandro's back and then hands him the sponge. Alessandro starts washing her back, then whispers in her ears, "If your family wasn't here, I would have taken you right here." Lisa turns to him and says, "So, they can't see us", biting her lips. 

That's all Alessandro wanted to hear when he smashed his lips on hers; the kiss was urgent and demanding. Alessandro cups Lisa's bud, and she throws her legs around him. Alessandro thrust inside her, picking up his pace in and out. Lisa muffles her screams and digs her nails into his back as both of them come undone. 
"Now, baby, we must finish before someone finds us," Alessandro tells her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
They wash again, then climb out and get dressed. Lisa went to the kitchen to make them some hot chocolate. Just as Alessandro comes in, lightning strikes, and Lisa runs into his arms. 

"I didn't know you were afraid of lightning", he teases her. 

"She's more afraid of lightning than she ever was of hiding". Her aunt speaks as she comes into the kitchen. Alessandro laughs, and Lisa hits his chest. 

"I think this is a few days' rain," Amalia tells them as she looks out of the window. Eugene also joins them: "Grandpa is fast asleep; he seems to have taken a liking to you, Alessandro." Eugene says. 

"Ahh, yes, we all have. You are a very well-mannered young man, and I think my sister-in-law and brother would have been proud to call you their son-in-law. Lisa, honey, he's a keeper." Amalia is winking at Lisa. 

"Thank you, Aunt Amalia. I appreciate it. But it's me who is the lucky one; she's a strong woman, kind, caring, and has a good personality." Alessandro tells them while looking at Lisa. Lisa's aunt and uncle say goodnight and leave the two lovebirds.

They soon went to bed themselves. Lisa fell asleep in his arms, and sleep soon overtook him.

They were busy having breakfast when Alessandro's phone rang. "Excuse me", he says, then goes out to answer. After a few minutes, he returns. 

"Is everything alright?" Lisa was concerned when she saw the look on his face. 

"I am afraid not; it was my assistant; there seems to be a problem at work that urgently needs my attention."
 
"Alright, I will start packing, and then we can leave as soon as we are finished," Lisa informs.
Grandpa is sad when he hears they have to leave so soon. "I understand, son; please come and visit soon and take care of my two grandkids", he says sadly. 

"I promise I will take good care of them, and you can always come and visit us in Italy," Alessandro tells grandpa. "That sounds like a great plan. I will let you know."
 
"Good bey, grandpa. Take care of yourself. I love you." Lisa tells him.
After they greet everyone, Lisa's uncle takes them to the airport. "Thank you, uncle; let me know how it goes with Grandpa. Thank you for everything." Lisa hugs her uncle, then takes Lilani's hand and waits for Alessandro. Alessandro and Eugene greet each other, and then Eugene drives away. The three of them went inside the plane and took their seats. 

Lisa looks up and notices Alessandro typing on his laptop. She then decides to draw with Lilani and help her with her Italian lessons. After a few hours, Alessandro asks the hostess to bring lunch for them: "Is there anything I can do to help?" Lisa asks him. 

"No, you and Lilani can take some rest if you want to; I will wake you up when we land."
 
After eating his lunch, Alessandro started typing again, and Lisa and Lilani went on with the Italian lessons. Soon Lilani fell asleep, and Lisa carried her to the bedroom and laid down for a bit herself.
Lisa wakes Lilani when they are about to land, takes her to her seat, and then fastens her belt.
As soon as they stepped out, Lisa noticed Antonio, Piero, and Leonardo. "Hey, guys." She greets them and gives each a hug. 

"Welcome back, Mrs. Mancini". Lisa looks at them and shakes her head. When are they going to learn to call her Lisa? She feels like an old woman every time they call her Mrs. 

"Piero will drop you off at home as soon as he drops me off at the office," Alessandro informs Lisa. Lisa nods and stares out of the window. 

"You haven't eaten anything yet, Antonio; please make sure he eats dinner tonight".
 
"Yes, Mrs. Mancini," he replies.
Alessandro kisses Lisa as soon as they stop at his office, then they get out.
Piero arrives at the mansion and helps Lisa take their bags inside. Alice walks up to them and helps Lisa with a sleeping Lilani. 

"She must take a bath, then come to eat, please, Alice; it was a long flight," Lisa informs the older woman. Then she went to the kitchen to prepare food for them. Lilani comes down with Alice and takes a seat. Lisa gives her plate to Alice and tells her she can get some of the food for herself if she wants to eat. Alice declines and says she's going to bed. Lisa nods and wishes her a good night. After they are done eating, Lisa takes Lilani to her bed. 

"Good night, Lil. Sweet dreams, and remember, I love you."

"I love you too, Lisa". A tired Lilani says to her sister: Lisa kissed her head and then went to take a shower herself. After she showers, Lisa decides to watch some movies. After two movies, she looks at the time and notices it's past midnight. She turned the TV off and went to sleep, thinking about her husband.

"I want to know who hacked into my company and stole a million euros from me!" Alessandro shouts at his accountant. 

"If I don't have a report on my desk by tomorrow, you are all fired. Now get out of my fucking sight"! 

Everybody scrambled out of the door, afraid of what would happen if they stayed any longer. Alessandro and his team worked the whole night to sort the mess out. 

"Did anyone find a loophole?" He asks his team. No one dares to look up. Until a young man stands up and asks to talk to Alessandro in private.

"I think I know who took the money". The young man begins to talk. 

"There was this guy who worked here a long time, and I overheard him talking to someone over the phone, saying he will have the money soon; he's just waiting for the right time."

"When was this?"

"About a week ago, Mr. Mancini, I didn't think much of it, but when I came in this morning and heard what's going on, I came to you directly." Alessandro nods to Antonio to get the security cameras. 

"What's your name?"

"Niccolino Marino, Mr. Mancini".

"Thank you, Niccolino; what are you doing here in the company?" Alessandro asks the young man 

"I am the post boy, Mr. Mancini". Alessandro nods and says 

"Thank you for coming forward. I will deal with this further, and I will let you know as soon as We catch the guy."
With that, the young man stands up and walks out. Antonio comes in with the CCTV footage. They start playing the tape, and after some time, they catch the culprit on the camera. 

"Get that son of a bitch in my office now". Alessandro's angry voice boomed through the office.

###chapter 41

Lisa woke up the next day with no trace of Alessandro. It's been a week that he's spent most of his time at the office. She worries about him but doesn't know what to do. She got up and went to the bathroom. Suddenly, she feels dizzy and holds on to the basin. Maybe it's because I didn't eat last night, she thought. After finishing her shower, she went to her wardrobe and decided to wear a black top with her white long pants and black sandals. She let her hair down and went downstairs. As soon as she smells the sausages, a wave of nausea hits her, and she runs to the bathroom and throws up. She stood up and rinsed her mouth, then went back to the kitchen. 

"Are you feeling alright, Mrs. Mancini?" Maria is concerned. 

"Yes, I think I have a stomach bug or something. Can you please put some food in a container so that I can take it to Alessandro and the other two?" Lisa asks with a smile. Maria got the containers out and prepared a dish for the three men.

After breakfast, Lisa went to drop Lilani off at school and then went to Alessandro's office. 

"Good day. How may I help you?" An overdressed blonde asks Lisa as soon as she steps inside the building. 

"Good morning; I am just on my way to my husband, Mr. Mancini," Lisa tells the blonde. 

"I'm afraid I can't send you up, Mr. Mancini."

"Mrs. Mancini, are you here for Mr. Mancini?" Lisa hears Antonio's voice behind her. 

"Good morning, Antonio; yes, I came to bring breakfast for you guys." Lisa smiles at Antonio. Antonio looks at the blond and says, "Next time when Mrs. Mancini asks to go to her husband, I suggest you send her up". The blonde apologizes to Lisa, and Antonio leads her to the private elevator.

Alessandro was busy with documents when he saw Lisa in his elevator. "Good morning; I brought breakfast for you and the other two". Lisa explains her sudden visit. Alessandro gets up and walks to Lisa. He takes her in his arms and hugs her, then he bends down and kisses her. 

"Umm. UMM." Antonio clears his voice before his boss decides to take things further in front of him. 
 
"Yes, Antonio escorted me up". Lisa says this while feeling herself blush. Lisa gives Antonio's and Leonardo's food, and then Alessandro's. 

"Thank you, Mrs. Mancini," Antonio says gratefully to Lisa. He then went through another door and disappeared. Alessandro takes Lisa's hand and leads her to the couch. 

"What will I do without you?" He asks her Lisa just laughs at his comment and runs to the bathroom when Alessandro opens his breakfast. 

She feels someone taking her hair out of the way and saying, "Please don't stand here; this is disgusting". She tells Alessandro. He helps her up and washes her mouth. Lisa rinses her mouth and starts to walk, but she feels dizzy again. 

"Lisa, are you alright?" Alessandro is concerned. 

"Yes, I think I have a stomach bug or something." She tells him. 

"Come and lay down for a bit; if you don't feel well later, I'm taking you to the doctor." He tells her that Alessandro picks her up and carries her to the couch. Lisa watches Alessandro as he types on the keypad, his sleeves rolled up, and she can see his muscles moving in his arms. 

"If you don't stop staring like that, I will do something to you", Alessandro suddenly says. 

"I wasn't staring at you," Lisa denies. 

"Mm, if you say so". Alessandro replies with a smirk. It feels good to have her here in his office. He didn't see her these past few days. After a while, when he looks up, he sees Lisa fast asleep. He stands up and throws the sweater he kept in the office over her. He bends down and kisses her head. 

Johnny and Kevin walk through the door. "Howzit man!" Kevin shouts. Alessandro shows them to be quite pointed at Lisa. 

"Dude, don't tell me you drained her here in your office", Kevin says while making gagging sounds. Alessandro walks over and gives him a head slap. 

"No, idiot, she wasn't feeling well, so I told her to lay down."
 
"What's wrong with her?" Johnny asks. 

"She thinks it's a stomach bug; she's been throwing up and feels dizzy". Alessandro explained. 

"Yeah right, stomach bug my ass. I think we are in for trouble because I think a little Alessandro is cooking in the oven", Kevin mocks. 

"Dumb ass, she's not pregnant." Alessandro replies, unsure. 

"Whatever you say, man,"
Johnny just smiles at his best friend. 

Alright, back to business. Did you find him?"

"Yes, he's on his way as we speak. It looks like he's been paid to steal the money from your company". Johnny replied. 

"And I can only think of one person who holds a grudge", Kevin also comments. 

"Mr. Lombardi, speaking of the Lombardis, I haven't heard or seen Bianca in a while. Something is up, and I have a bad feeling about it,", Alessandro tells his friends.
 
"We can't track her location; it's as if she disappeared from the face of the earth," Johnny informs him. Alessandro looks at Lisa and then back at the guys. 

"We have to find her; I don't want anything to happen to Lisa or Lilani," Alessandro says. 

"Jake is already on it".

"So you do care for her more than just friends?" Kevin demands. 

"Yes, I agree. The week we went to South Africa, I realized that these feelings are more than just those of friends, so I asked her if we could give this marriage a real chance". Kevin and Johnny look at each other, and Johnny gives Kevin twenty euros. 

"What's with that?" Alessandro asks his friends. 

"Well, we made a bet; Johnny said you won't admit your feelings because, come on, you're a pussy when it comes to that, and I and Jake said you will soon reveal your feelings. It just shows you're not that big of a pussy" Kevin smirks. 

"You are fucking idiots; why am I still friends with you?" Alessandro asks them. 

"Because you can't live without your best buddies", Kevin teased. 

"Oh yeah, that's right." Alessandro laughed.
Jake came into the office. "I have him at one of my warehouses," Jake informs them. 

"Thank you, Jake. I will be there tonight." Alessandro informs him. 

"What's going on in here?" Jake asks his friends. 

"Well, Johnny Boy owns you, mate". Kevin tells him. 
."No way, our big pussy grew balls and admitted his true feelings for our sister." Jake asked. Alessandro throws a stapler at Jake. 

"Wow, men don't get violent". Jake says, putting his hands up. The boys talk about tracing Bianca and her father and what time Alessandro will be at the warehouse when Lisa wakes up.

"Hey, sleeping beauty". Kevin greets her. Lisa smiles and greets the three friends. Then she went to the bathroom to wash her face and mouth. When she goes out, Alessandro holds his hands out to her, and she goes and sits in his lap. 

"We hear you don't feel well". Johnny says it with a smirk. Lisa looks at him confusedly when Alessandro tells her about this morning. 

"Oh yeah, that's just a stomach bug, nothing serious", Lisa tells them. 

"Yeah, a stomach bug." Kevin mocks. They chatted for a while when Lisa told Alessandro she was heading home. 

"Will I see you tonight?" She asks him. "I hope, so I will be home late but not too late." Lisa gives him a peck on the mouth and was just about to stand up when he pulls her closer, saying, "That's no way to greet your husband". Before she could reply, Alessandro smashed his lips against hers and kissed her. The guys whistle at the sight in front of them. Lisa pulls away, blushing. Alessandro calls Antonio and asks him to go home with Lisa. Lisa greets the guys and leaves with Antonio.

At five o'clock, Alessandro tells the guys to go to the warehouse. He tells Leonardo to go home and watch over Lisa and Lilani. Then the four men went down to Johnny's SUV. They soon arrive at the warehouse and walk inside. 

"Mr. Mancini, thank God you came; these gorillas kidnapped me." The guy tells Alessandro. 

"Ouch, now I am a gorilla? That hurts!". Kevin says. 

"What's your name?" Alessandro asked. 

"Stefano Lombardi, sir". The young man replied 

"Your family, Bianca Lombardi?" Alessandro asked. 

"No, sir, I don't know any Bianca in my family, sir."
Alessandro laughs at the man in front of him. 

"Alright, you've got two choices: one, the easy way, or two, the hard way," Alessandro tells him. The young man looks at Alessandro,confused, but doesn't let anything slide. He was born into a mafia family. Nothing will make him expose their secrets. His father lost everything because of these four bastards in front of him. 

"O, don't look so confused; you either tell me who set you up or I will drag it out of you."
 
"I don't know what you are talking about, sir." The young man keeps playing innocent. 

"Well, then it's the hard way." Alessandro takes his jacket off and rolls his sleeves up. He then walks toward Stefano and hits him with a fist, then another shot comes into contact with his face. After a few blows, Alessandro asks again. 
 

###chapter 42
"Who sent you?" Stefano just shook his head, laughing. Alessandro starts to hit him again and again. Then he looks at Jake and says, 

"Throw him in one of the cells; no food, no water until I can visit him again; take away his jacket and anything to keep him warm". With that, Alessandro walks outside and washes his hands. 

"He knows something; we must dig deeper because I am positive Bianca never had a brother. I think he's a child born to a mistress". Johnny nods and says 

"We are on it. I will ask around at some of the other mafias I usually do business with; maybe they know something." Jake came out, and the four of them went to the SUV. 

"Johnny I have some business of my own to take care of; just drop me at my club," Kevin tells him. Johnny nods and drives to the club. Kevin greeted his friends and went inside. Soon they stop in front of Alessandro's mansion. Alessandro got out and went through the gates. Just as he went inside, he saw Lisa rushing to the bathroom. He quickly followed her and saw her throwing up. He then went and took her hair away, saying, "Alright, we are going to the hospital now; I don't want to hear any excuses." Lisa nods and stands, raising her mouth. Alessandro walks with her and informs Maria and Alice that he's taking Lisa to the hospital. Piero went and got a car, and soon they were on their way to the hospital. "Can I please get a doctor for my wife?" Alessandro asks one of the nurses. The older nurse takes one look at Lisa and helps her to a room. "I will call the doctor for you, Mr. Mancini." With that, she left.
A few minutes later, the doctor appeared. 

"Good evening, I'm doctor Ghiara; how can I help you?" She asks friendly questions. Lisa tells her about the vomiting and dizziness she's been having. 

"Okay, will you please urinate in this cup?" Lisa took it and went to the bathroom. When she comes out, the doctor takes the cup and tells them she will be back. A few minutes went by when the doctor appeared. 

"Well, it seems like you do have a stomach bug", She smiles. "But this stomach bug is going to cause you to vomit a lot, get cravings, and put on weight, and in nine months, it will give both of your restless nights." Lisa looks shocked at the doctor, and Alessandro is confused. 

"What are you saying, doctor? Why can't you cure it now?" Alessandro demands. 

"Well, you see, I can't because your wife is three weeks pregnant." Alessandro stands there, shocked. Then look at a pale Lisa. 

"We are going to be parents?" The doctor congratulated them and gave them a prescription for vitamins. Lisa and Alessandro walk out of the hospital. Lisa looks at Alessandro, afraid of what he's going to say. The car ride home was quiet. Lisa and Alessandro were each busy with their thoughts.

###chapter 43

Alessandro opens the door, walks straight to his office, and pours a drink for himself. Lisa sighs as she gets out and walks to their room. She took off her pajamas and went to the shower. Lisa fell to the ground, crying. 

"Why would he behave like that?" She thought. She feels so alone. No one to talk to. She wishes her mother were still here so she could give her advice on how to handle this situation. Lisa let herself cry, then stood up, washed herself, and went to bed. Alessandro was just about to pour his third shot of whiskey when Antonio took the glass. 

"Mr. Mancini, I know it's not my place, but what's got you so upset that you are drinking?"

Alessandro laughs: "Can you believe I'm going to be a father?"

"And why is that such a bad thing, Mr. Mancini? I can see that Lisa means something to you; I can see the love you have for her every time she's around you." Antonio tells him. 

"I am afraid, Antonio; someone's out to hurt us. What if I can't protect Lisa or my unborn child?"

"Mr. Mancini, so far you have done a good job protecting Lisa. You have friends who not only love you but also love Lisa as if she were their sister. They will help you protect them. My advice is to go to her and explain everything to her. Tell her your fears; she's in your room crying."

Alessandro looks at Antonio and says, "Thank you, Antonio; what would I have done without someone as loyal as you?"

Alessandro runs out of his office to their room. As soon as he opens the door, he hears Lisa crying. He went to her side and kneeled. 

"Lisa, I am so sorry for acting like a dickhead. I am excited about our baby; it's just that I am scared. I didn't know how to react." Lisa lifts her head and looks at Alessandro. 

"I am afraid too, Alessandro; this is all new for me as well. I just want the father of my child and the man I lo..." Lisa realized what she was about to say and shut her mouth, hoping Alessandro didn't hear anything. 

"The man, you what?" Oh, sh*t, he heard. Lisa sits up straight and looks away when talking about "The man I love". Alessandro looks at her, shocked. Did she just admit her feelings for him? 

"You don't have to say it back; I just I... you... need to know... Lisa was cut short when Alessandro's lips smashed against hers. This kiss was different from all the others; it's like he's trying to tell her the same thing through this kiss. 

"Thank you, Lisa, for giving me the most precious gift I could ever ask for." Lisa smiles and takes his face in her hands. "Thank you for giving me a child."
Alessandro tells her he's going to shower quickly. As soon as Alessandro came back to bed, Lisa was just about to fall asleep. Alessandro kissed her goodnight, then went down to her belly and said, "Hello, little one, this is your father. I already love you so much and will do anything to protect you and your beautiful mother." He then kisses her belly and lies down, holding her.
Lisa wakes up with arms around her waist. She carefully tries to get out, but Alessandro keeps holding her tighter. "Alessandro, I need to pee", Lisa shakes him. 

"Mm, not now", Alessandro mumbles. 

"Alessandro!" Lisa shouts. Alessandro shot up and landed on his butt on the ground. Lisa can't help but burst out laughing. 

"O, you think it's funny?" Alessandro asks as he stands up and crawls onto the bed. Lisa stands up and makes a run for the bathroom, with Alessandro hot on her trail. 

"Wait, I have to pee"! She shouts as she reaches the toilette. Alessandro turns around and walks out of the bathroom. Lisa finishes her business, then washes her hands and walks out. As soon as she is out of the bathroom, Alessandro catches her and takes her to bed. He then sits on her and starts to tickle her. 

"Stop. Stop, please," Lisa pleads between laughs. 

"Say please to your handsome, caring, most adorable man on earth".

"Please, Alessandro", she says between laughs. 

"No, that's not it". Alessandro says this and continues his attack. 

"Okay, okay, please, your handsome, caring, most adorable man on earth, stop". Lisa tells him. Alessandro lets go of her and helps her up. 

"Let's go and take a shower." He says this as he walks to the bathroom. Lisa joins him in the shower.
Everyone was waiting for them at the table when they walked in. "About time", Lilani says to them. 

"Sorry, we are late", Lisa apologizes. They sit down, and everyone starts eating. After they are finished, Alessandro tells them he has something to tell them. Well, as you know, last night I took Lisa to the hospital. Well, it turns out we are going to be parents". Maria and the others got up and congratulated both Alessandro and Lisa. 

"I am way too young to be an aunt, you guys! Please take the baby back where you got it". Lilani tells them. All eyes are on Lilani, and they try not to laugh. 

Lisa went to sit by her side and said, "We can't give the baby back, Lil. The baby is going to grow in my belly," Lisa explains, putting her hands on her belly. 

Lilani's eyes widened, and she exclaimed to Alessandro, "Oh no, Ali! Lisa has swallowed your baby!" Lisa couldn't hold it any longer and started laughing. 

"This is not a joke, Lisa; why did you swallow the baby?" Lilani demands. Lisa takes Lilani's hand and puts it on her belly. 

"Lilani, I haven't actually swallowed the baby."

"Then how did the baby get there?"

"Well, you see, Jesus saw that Alessandro and I loved each other, so one night when we were sleeping, he came and put a tiny seed in my belly. Now that seed needs to grow until the baby is big enough to come to us." Lilani looks at everyone around her, then at Lisa's belly. 

"Alright, but how is the baby going to get out?" Lisa smiles and thinks of an acceptable answer. 

"Well, when the baby is ready, Ali will take me to the hospital, where the doctors will help me take the baby out."
Lilani still looks at Lisa's belly and says, "Okay, then the baby doesn't need to go back. When are we going to get him out?"
 
"Well, it's still a few more months, but we will get to see the baby every month when we go to the doctor," Lisa explained. 

"Can I go with you?" Lilani asked. Lisa nods in agreement and warmly embraces Lilani. Lilani then got up and went to get her back. 

"Phew, I don't know how you did it, but you did a great job explaining things to her," Alessandro says. 

"Yeah, I thought I was going to faint; sh*t, I never knew it would be this hard," Lisa admits. Alessandro kisses Lisa and says, "I will make an appointment with a doctor today. Take care of yourself." Alessandro tells her. 

"I will do so; enjoy your day, and don't stress too much; I love you." Alessandro looks at her and replies, "Ditto". And then walks out of the door.
Alessandro went to the warehouse, and when he got there, the others were already waiting for him. "About time, Mancini, did wifey keep you busy all night?" Kevin asks, wiggling his eyes. 

Alessandro shakes his head and replies, "No, but last night I took her to the hospital and got the biggest shock of my life."

"What's wrong with her?"

"Is she alright?"

"Where is she now?" All three ask at the same time. 

"Relax guys, she's fine and at home, and we are expecting." He finally tells his friends. 

"Congratulations, my friend". Johnny says this and hugs him. 

"Yeah, man, congratulations!" Kevin and Jake exclaimed, embracing him. 

"We must quickly locate the Lombardi. I don't want to put Lisa and my unborn child's lives in danger."

"We've got your back, man; don't worry, we will protect them," Kevin assures him. Alessandro thanked his friends and went inside.
Alessandro walked up to Stefano and said, "Are you going to tell me what I want to know?" Stefano just looks at Alessandro and then spits on his face. 

Alessandro hit him with his fist and turned to Johnny, saying, "He's all yours; use as much torture as possible, then cut off a finger and send it to his father". Stefano looks at Johnny and realizes who he's dealing with; he keeps calm and doesn't show any fear.

Alessandro went outside and called a doctor to make an appointment for Lisa. After the call ends, he hears how Stefano screams inside. He doesn't do this kind of torture, which is why he's thankful for Johnny and the others who know how to get a guy to talk. Johnny approaches Alessandro with a sense of urgency. "Listen, Stefano's father has a sinister plan in motion," he revealed. "First, he aims to bring you down, but that's just the beginning. After that, he set his sights on Lisa. By the time he's done with her, no man in his right mind will ever desire her again. He says Lisa is the reason you won't take Bianca back."

Alessandro shakes his head and asks Johnny if he told him where to find Mr. Lombardi. "No, he doesn't know where his father is; he only calls him from a burned phone with instructions."

"Shit, I have to do something; otherwise, Lisa's life will be in danger."

"Don't worry, we will figure something out", Johnny assures him.
Lisa went up to her room and took a nap. She feels sick after vomiting the whole morning. She fell asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow.

Alessandro arrived home after he went to the warehouse. "Where's Lisa, Maria?"

"She went to lay down, Mr. Mancini". She tells him. Alessandro went to the room and found Lisa sleeping peacefully. He takes a blanket, throws it over her, and goes to lay down next to her. He informed Leonardo that he would take the rest of the day off. He pulls her close to him and then falls asleep, knowing they are still safe with him.

###chapter 44

It's been a week since they found out Lisa was pregnant. Sophia was over the moon when she heard the news and immediately went to their house. Alessandro and Gabriele just look at the two women like they have gone crazy. Grandma and grandpa said they knew the two of them would get together and are excited about becoming great-grandparents.

Alessandro and the others work hard to track down Mr. Lombardi and Bianca, but with no success so far. He just hopes they will drop their revenge and leave them in peace. Today, they are finally going to see their baby. Lisa is excited and can't stop smiling. Winter is almost here, and it's getting colder every day. Lisa decides to wear a knitted white long-sleeve pullover sweater and a pair of blue jeans with her black and white Nike trainers. She put her hair in a high ponytail and applied lip gloss. Alessandro was already waiting for her when she came down the stairs.

"Are you ready? He asks, looking nervous. 

"Yes, and you?" Lisa smiles. She can't wait to see their baby. Alessandro just nods, then leads her to the car.
Alessandro and Lisa sit in the waiting room for the doctor. 

"Mrs. Mancini?" The doctor asks Lisa and Alessandro. They both nod and stand up and walk to the doctor. 

"Please follow me," She leads them to a room and says, "My name is Claire Johnson; please lay down on the bed and lift your shirt". Lisa went to the bed and lifted her shirt. Alessandro sits next to her, holding her hand. 

"Alright, this is going to be cold". Dr. Claire warns She put gel on Lisa's stomach and took the stick, moving it over Lisa's stomach. "There you go, you see that tiny dot? That's your baby, four weeks along; let's move it here so we can listen to the heartbeat". Dr. Clair tells the two Soon they hear the heartbeat. Lisa looks up at Alessandro and sees him staring at the screen with tears running down his cheeks. Alessandro looks down at Lisa and smiles. 

"We are going to be parents; thank you; you made me the happiest man alive." He tells her, then bends down and kisses her. 

The doctor clears her throat and says, "I will print you the photos; you can get them at the front desk. Do you need a prescription for vitamins?"

"Thank you, Dr.; no, I already have one, but thanks anyway." Lisa replied. Alessandro helps Lisa clean up, and then they walk to the front desk for the photos. 

"We will see you at your next appointment, Mrs. Mancini. Enjoy your day." The lady at the desk greets them. They went outside and walked to the car. Alessandro can't keep the smile on his face and keeps looking at the photos. 

"I think it's a boy", he tells Lisa. 

"I think so too; there's a little Alessandro running around here", Lisa tells him, smiling.
Lisa decides to call her grandfather to tell him the news. "Hello, grandpa. How are things going there? I have some wonderful news to tell you." Lisa says this excitedly. 

Hello, my child. Going well, thank you. Let me guess. I'm going to be a great grandpa." Her grandpa laughs over the phone. They chatted for a while, then Lisa said, Good bey. 

"How did Grandpa take the news?" "Nervously, Alessandro asks." 

"He's super excited; he says congratulations and hopes to see us soon," Lisa tells Alessandro. 

"Maybe we can let them come over Christmas? It's still two months away if you want."
 
"That would be great; thank you so much, Alessandro". Lisa smiles and hugs him.
Lisa went upstairs to lay down for a bit.
At lunchtime, Maria went up to give Lisa some food. The poor girl struggled to keep food down, Maria thought sympathetically. 

"Thank you, Maria; I appreciate it".

"It's a pleasure, Mrs. Mancini. Maria recalls how, during her pregnancy with her daughter, there was hardly anything she could keep down. However, she discovered that a simple combination of toast and black coffee worked wonders for her. With that, Maria bids her farewell and exits. Lisa ate her toast and then went to take a shower. After that, she cleaned the room and went downstairs.

Alessandro was busy at the office when Johnny came into his office. "You know there's a thing called knocking," Alessandro tells Johnny without looking up. 

"Yeah, yeah, but by this time, you know we don't have manners," Johnny replies with a wave of his hands. 

"What are you doing here?"

"Can't I come and visit my best friend?"
Alessandro just shook his head and closed the laptop. "Well?"

"Well, I just came to inform you that Bianca and her father ain't together; it seems like Daddy Dearest left Bianca to deal with all his shit and left without a trace."

"That bastard, where's Bianca now?" Alessandro asked. Johnny frowned while saying, "Why do you care where that Bitch is?"

"For fuck's sake, Johnny, just tell me!"
Johnny looks at his friend and shakes his head. 

"She's working as a stripper at one of the strip clubs downtown," Johnny tells him. 

"Thank you; that wasn't so hard, was it?" Alessandro says as he picks up his phone and calls Piero to get the car ready. 

"Don't tell me you're going to that bitch."

"It's none of your business! I can't leave her there; she won't survive that kind of life". Alessandro tells him.

Well, then don't come running to me when everything backfires. You've got a lovely wife and a child on the way; why would you want to risk that for her? Unless you still love her!" Johnny now shouts angrily at Alessandro. Alessandro just looks at him, gets his stuff, and walks. 

"You fucking bastard, you still love her!" Jonny shouts at Alessandro.
Alessandro went to Club 509, where Bianca works. He entered the club and went to the bar, ordering a whiskey on the rocks. Then he scans the club for Bianca, and suddenly his eyes fall on her, where she's busy stripping. He went upstage and took her to a private room. 

"Alessandro! What... what are you doing here?" Bianca asks with wide eyes as she looks at him. 

"What the hell are you going to strip for strange men?" He demands it angrily. 

"Daddy left me with all his debts; I need to pay them back". Bianca starts crying. 

"I'm taking you home. Where do you live?" Alessandro asked. 

"I don't have a home; I live in one of the rooms here." She says it in a sad voice.
 
"Like hell you do, come on". Alessandro takes her hand and leads her out of the club. 

"Where are you taking me?" She asks him. 

"To my old penthouse". He replies and then asks Piero to drive there. Piero looks at his boss with disappointment but does as he's told. Once they reach the penthouse, Alessandro tells Piero to go home. Piero wants to argue, but Alessandro gives him one look, then drives away.

Alessandro leads Bianca up to the penthouse and turns to her, saying, "Go and take a shower; I will order food for us." Bianca nodded and went to Alessandro's old room to take a shower. She smiles, knowing her plan worked out perfectly.
Back at the mansion, Lisa wonders where Alessandro is. She tried to call him, but it went straight to voice mail. After dinner, she went to Lilani and read her a book. After she fell asleep, Lisa decided to make some tea for her and went to sit on the porch. She tried calling him again, but his phone was still off. She wonders where he is at this time of night. Maybe an important meeting came up? But Leonardo and Antonio are here. She sits outside till past eleven, then decides to go and take a shower. After she showered, she went to bed, wondering about Alessandro.

Antonio and Leonardo aren't happy with their boss's behavior. Why would he still go after Bianca when he has a wife waiting for him at home?
The next morning, Lisa wakes up only to find that Alessandro's spot is empty, and then she realizes he never came home last night. She went to the bathroom to do her business, then went down to the kitchen. She prepares breakfast and then sets the table. Soon everyone joins.
After dinner, Antonio and Leonardo leave for work and look at Lisa with pity.
Alessandro woke up and quickly got ready for work, then left a note for Bianca. He can't believe her father just left her with everything. Alessandro was fuming. That son of a bitch
At the office, things went smoothly, and then Alessandro heard Leonardo announce that Bianca had arrived. As soon as Bianca steps into his office, he can't help but stare at how beautiful she looks, but she's not as beautiful as Lisa.

"Alessandro, you asked me to come and see you."

"Yes, I want you to work for me; I will help you pay off all your father's debt."

"I... I can't expect you to do this." Bianca tells him shyly. 

"I want to. You can work as my secretary. You can stay at the penthouse". Alessandro tells her. 

"Thank you so much, Alessandro. I don't know what to say." Bianca says to him: 

"Hello, Mancini. What the hell is she doing here?" Kevin asked when he had seen Bianca. 

"She's working for me. Bianca, you can come in tomorrow at nine sharp." Alessandro says. Bianca stands up and smirks at Kevin and Jake when she walks past them.

"What the hell do you mean she's working for you? Does Lisa know?" Jake demands. 

"She doesn't have anyone left; she was a stripper trying to pay off her father's debt, and why must I tell Lisa? This is my business." Alessandro tells them. 

"Wow, just fucking wow. You know, I thought you loved Lisa after all; she is expecting your child, and you guys seemed to be closer." Kevin says. 

"Kevin I do not need anyone's approval or advice. What I do or don't do is no one's business." Alessandro says it in a cold tone. 

"I hope for your sake Lisa understands, because if it were me, I would have taken your balls out!" Jake tells him, then storms out. 

"Once you regain your clarity, please reach out to me. Until then, I prefer not to be involved in your life or Bianca's," Alessandro hears Kevin express. Kevin had returned just to tell him that.
Alessandro watched as his friends left. They don't understand that he can't leave Bianca. He knows there's something off. Why did she suddenly appear after so many weeks? He just hopes Lisa will understand. Alessandro thought as he started to work.
"Did it work?"

"Yes, daddy, he fell for it hook and sinker". Bianca laughs.

"Stupid man, one of these days you will marry him, and then we will have all of his money. Just don't fuck things up."

"I won't, daddy; besides, I'm already working on seducing him." Bianca smiles evilly. "That's my girl. I will talk to you soon." Mr. Lombardi tells his daughter and puts the phone down.

###chapter 45


It's been three weeks since they went to the doctor. Alessandro is rarely at home. Lisa decided to visit Alessandro and get some food for him. 

"Maria, I'm going to Mr. Mancini; will you please get me a basket?" Lisa asks Maria Lisa wants to surprise Alessandro with a picnic, so she decided to pack his favorite food. Soon, Lisa was ready to leave for the office. Lisa stops at Mancini Enterprise and gets the basket from the back. 

Lisa went in, and the girl at reception greeted her warmly. "Good morning, Mrs. Mancini; how are you today? You can go straight up."

"Great thanks you," Lisa greeted him back and then went to the elevator. She can't wait to see Alessandro; it's been three weeks since she last saw him. He comes home when she's sleeping, and sometimes not at all. The elevator door opened, and Lisa stepped out and walked to Alessandro's office. She was just about to open the door when she heard giggling. 

"Could that be Bianca's voice?" She thought. Once she opens the door, her heart breaks into a million pieces at the scene in front of her. She slowly closes the door and turns around, bumping into someone. 

"Mrs. Mancini, are you alright?" Leonardo asked when he saw tears running down her cheeks. Lisa looks up at the older man and nods, walking away. How could she be so stupid? She knew he would never love her, but she still hoped that something would change the day she gave herself to him. 

"Stupid fool!" Lisa shouts once she is alone in the elevator. She quickly wipes away her tears. 

"Don't cry, Lisa; you got it." She tells herself this before the door opens again. She went outside and walked to her car. She drove off to a nearby park and went to take a seat on one of the benches, thinking about all the wonderful times she and Alessandro had. How could he do this to her? They are expecting a child together, for God's sake! She let herself cry as the memories flashed in her mind.
Leonardo wonders what upsets Mrs. Mancini and opens the office door. "Uhm, sorry to bother you, Mr. Mancini, but your meeting starts in five minutes". 

Leonardo interrupts the two people in front of him by sucking each other's faces. No wonder Mrs. Mancini had tears in her eyes. He can't believe that Mr. Mancini would stoop this low; he thought that Mr. and Mrs. Mancini were in love, but it looks like he misjudged him.

"Thank you, Leonardo. I will be there shortly. Please, let everyone in and give them the papers." Alessandro dismissed him. Leonardo nods, then closes the door.

"Be ready for lunch; I'm taking you out". Alessandro tells Bianca once Leonardo leaves. 

"Where are we going?" Bianca wants to know. 

"Somewhere special, now I have to go before this meeting starts." He kisses Bianca's cheeks. He needs to tell Lisa that he wants a divorce and that they will figure something out with the child. He just hopes everyone understands why he's doing this. With that thought, he enters the meeting room.
Lisa went home and started to pack her and Lilani's suitcases. Alessandro can't keep her here and have Bianca as well. As she starts packing, Maria and Alice walk in. 

"Mrs. Mancini, what are you doing?" Maria asked. 

Well, Maria, Mr. Alessandro got his first love back, so I think it's time for me to leave," Lisa replied, sad. 

"What are you talking about, Mrs. Mancini?" Alice also asks for concern for the young girl who became like a daughter to her. 

"Alessandro and Bianca are back together. I saw them in his office when I went to surprise him; little did I know the surprise was on me", Lisa laughs bitterly. 

"I'm coming with you, Miss Mancini". Alice tells her. Maria is shocked that Alessandro would do such a thing. Right now, she's so mad at her boss that he can cook dinner for himself.
Maria and Alice help Lisa pack the bags and then take them downstairs. 

"I will be right back". Lisa tells them. Then she went upstairs to Alessandro's room. She takes her ring off and puts it on the letter she wrote to him. With tears slowly rolling down her cheeks, she takes one last look at their room and then closes the door. "Mrs. Mancini, let me take you and your sister where you want to go." Antonio offers. 

"Thank you, Antonio. Alice said that we are welcome to stay at her old house if you will take us there". Lisa tells Antonio 

"Maria, thank you for everything you have done for me. Please take care of yourself and Mr. Mancini." Lisa tells Maria as she hugs her. 

"No, thank you, Mrs. Mancini. Thank you for sticking by Mr. Mancini's side when he was blind. Take care of yourself. I will come and visit you soon." Maria promised Lisa. 

"Maria, from now on, you can call me Lisa." Maria smiles at Lisa, then turns to Lilani. 

"Take care of your sister and be a good girl".

"I promise". Lilani says to Maria: The little girl is confused; she doesn't know what's going on, but she can see that her sister is sad, wondering where Alessandro is. Then get in the car with Lisa and Alice to their new home.
Lisa looks back at the mansion and watches it disappear. Tears silently rolled down her cheeks.
Alessandro tells Bianca that he needs to go home tonight. As soon as he arrives home, everything is quiet. He opens the door and starts calling for Lisa and Lilani. 

"That's strange," he thought. He went to his room, and as soon as he turned the light on, he found the room empty. Then his eyes fell on something on his side of the bed. He went and picked up Lisa's wedding ring along with the letter. He opens the letter and starts to read.

Dear Alessandro.
By the time you read this letter, I will be long gone. Please don't look for me; I will get in touch with you as soon as I feel ready to face you. You must be wondering what I'm talking about. You see, I went to surprise you at the office, seeing that I saw you three weeks ago. You even forgot about our second visit to the doctor. I went alone, and in your drawer, you will find the picture of our baby, but to come back to the point, when I went to surprise you, I instead got a surprise. I saw you and Bianca together sucking each other's faces, and that's when I realized why you weren't home for the past three weeks. I hope that things between you and Bianca work out this time. I knew deep down that you would never love another woman. I truly hope that you will be happy. That's why I want a divorce, because you were never really happy in this fake marriage. Thank you for everything you have done for Lilani and me; for that, I will always be grateful. Thank you for showing me what it feels like to be a woman. I will never forget the times we shared. I will be in contact with you once I feel strong enough to face you.
I love you always,
Lisa.
Alessandro can't believe what he's reading. "How dare she leave me!" He shouts. 

Lisa, you can run, but you can't hide. I will find you wherever you are." He makes a promise. He dials Antonio and asks him if he knows about Lisa's whereabouts. Antonio tells him that he has no idea where Lisa finds herself, but when he saw her this afternoon, it looked like she'd been crying. Alessandro thanks him and dials a PI's number to track Lisa down.
Lisa, soon I will find you. He thinks to himself.

###chapter 46

Alessandro paces his office up and down. He thinks about what has happened since he went to get Bianca out of the strip club. That day, he was mad when he realized Bianca and her father knew about the baby he and Lisa were expecting. He needed to act fast to keep his family safe until he could get to Mr. Lombardi. He wants to kick himself for all the pain he's going to cause to keep them safe, and thinking of Bianca and how she suddenly acts around him wants to make him vomit. She would make him breakfast and lunch and bring them to the office. He then realizes that she is just acting and that he only loves Lisa, and he can't even tell her that he loves her. Now that Lisa is gone with his child, he needs to get her. 

His thoughts were interrupted when his phone rang. "Good morning, Mr. Mancini, I found Mrs. Mancini." His PI informs him. 

"Send me the address, please." He tells the PI. After a few minutes, he got the address and called Piero to get the car ready. 
Sometime later, he arrives at the small house where Lisa lives. He gets out of the car, walks to the door, and knocks. When Lisa opened the door he noticed her eyes were bloodshot, and she got bags under her eyes. 

"What do you want?" Lisa asks coldly. 

"I came to see you, so we can talk." Alessandro calmly says he wants to take Lisa in his arms and tell her everything is going to be alright, but he needs to be strong. 

"There's nothing to discuss. I said what I wanted to say. Now if you can, please leave."

"Yes, but we need to discuss what happens from here on." He keeps insisting. Lisa sighs and opens the door for him to come in. 

"Nice place you got". Alessandro remarks. 
"It's Alice's home. She offered me a place to stay. Now, what do you want to say?" She says it in a cold voice. 

"I will send you the divorce papers; I will give you enough money so you don't have to work for the rest of your life; and I want full custody over the child". He tells her. 

"Haha, are you crazy? I will NEVER let my child go, let alone have anything to do with Bianca." Lisa laughs at him. 

"You don't have an option here; either you give me the baby or I will fight in court for him," Alessandro tells her in a low voice.

"Why? Why do you want full custody? Why did you do what you did?" She asks him, looking straight into his eyes. 

"I realized that I will only love one woman, and there's no place for someone else in my heart. Bianca says she will love and take care of the baby as if it was her own. Lisa, please don't make things more difficult." With every word, he expresses his heartbreak, seeing Lisa's hurt on her face.

"Get out and listen carefully over my dead body. I will never give my child up! Now get out of this fucking house"!! Lisa says it through gritted teeth. Alessandro stands up, walks to the door, and looks back to where Lisa stands. Lisa, watch him and don't break eye contact. She won't cry in front of him; he will never get that satisfaction. Alessandro just nods and closes the door. After Alessandro closed the door, Lisa fell to the ground and cried. She can't believe he wants her to give up on her baby. She will never let them take the baby; that's a promise. Lisa cried her eyes out and then stood up to take a shower.
Alessandro can't seem to get Lisa's image out of his mind. Every time he closes his eyes, her bloodshot eyes keep popping up. "Baby, are you listening to what I say?" Bianca snaps her finger in front of his face. She wonders what he's thinking about. 

"Umm, sorry, I was just thinking about work. What did you say?" Alessandro replied. 

"I said, when are we going public with our relationship?"

"As soon as my divorce is over". Alessandro naturally responds. 

"I can't wait for the whole world to see we are back together". Bianca says this while running her fingers over his face. He wants to slap her hands away and tell her that only one woman is allowed to touch him like that, but he can't without putting Lisa in danger. 

"What did Lisa say when you asked for a divorce today?" Bianca suddenly asks, hoping that Bitch will sign the papers. Alessandro frowns; he didn't tell her about meeting Lisa today, but he acts quickly. 

His response is short and simple: "She will sign the papers." 

"She better do it quickly. I can't wait to marry you, baby."

"Don't worry, soon we will be happily married. Now, if you will excuse me, I have a meeting to attend to." He quickly tells her and leaves the office. Bianca looks at him, wondering why he is so distant. 

Leonardo can see something is bothering his boss. "Mr. Mancini, we've known each other for a long time. You can trust me. What's bothering you?
Alessandro runs his hands through his hair and starts telling Leonardo everything. 

"Why don't you tell Mrs. Mancini the truth then? I am sure she will understand".

"I can't; I won't put her life in danger; I would not survive if anything happened to her. The love I feel for her is immeasurable." Alessandro informs him. Leonardo nods; he understands now why Mr. Mancini did what he did. He can tell Mr. Mancini loves Lisa a lot. He wishes there was more he could do. 

"I won't rest until I find Mr. Lombardi." Alessandro promised.
Lisa and Lilani are in the park when Lisa notices men watching her. She quickly takes Lilani's hand and walks as fast as she can to a nearby shop. Once inside, she asks the owner to use his phone. 

"Johnny, I think someone is following me".

"Where are you?" He asks. Lisa tells him, and he tells her to stay where she is. He then calls Kevin and Jake to inform them. 

"We will be there shortly. I will take some men with me to be on the lookout", Kevin tells them. Soon, Johnny and Jake found Lisa and took her home. 

"Thank you guys; I'm sorry for bothering you." Lisa apologized. 

"You will never bother us, Lisa. You mean so much to us; it's like having a sister. Jake assures her. Lisa nods and then tells them about everything when they ask why she doesn't live at the mansion. 

"That fucking bastard!" Johnny shouts. "We told him not to hurt you." Jake also commented.

"Phone Kevin and tell him to meet us at our usual place". Johnny says it through gritted teeth. They drop Lisa off and tell her that they will see her later.
When they arrived at Alessandro's office, Johnny went up to him and hit him in the face, saying, "That's for breaking Lisa's heart, your son of a bitch"!

"I am sorry, but there are things you guys don't know that I can't explain right now," Alessandro says as he is rubbing his face. 

"O, so you have a reason for breaking her heart?" Kevin asks, dripping with sarcasm. Just then, Bianca walks in. 

"Hi guys, What are you doing here?"

"That is none of your business". Johnny's voice is ice-cold as he speaks. Bianca looked at them sharply and then went to sit on Alessandro's lap. They watch Bianca and then walk out of the office. 

"I can't believe he's that stupid!" Kevin says. "I think we must get him alone". Jake says. 

"How? You saw that the bitch is always with him." Kevin tells them. 
"I've got a plan; let's go". Johnny tells them and starts explaining. Soon they will know the truth.

###chapter 47

After work, Alessandro tells Bianca to meet him at the penthouse and walks to his private elevator. He thinks about Lisa and their child and how he's going to miss out on every doctor's appointment. He knows this is his fault, but he doesn't have another option. He wishes he could be with them, but he has to protect his family until he can find Mr. Lombardi. He doesn't notice someone following him the next moment; everything is dark, and he gets shoved into a van. 

"We got him, boss". Alessandro hears a guy say it as he struggles to untie himself. He needs to get out of there. What if they go after Lisa? They suddenly stop, and he hears the door open, and then someone takes him out of the van. 

"Well, well, look who came to visit us". He hears a familiar voice. Suddenly the bag is taken off his head, and he sees all three of his best friends standing in front of him. 

"You know there are other ways to get to me?" He asks them with an angry expression. He doesn't know why they had to do something like that to get his attention. 

"Yes, but that Bitch is always with you, so we decided to kidnap you," Jake shrugs. How were they supposed to get him without Bianca lurking around? They did what they thought was best. 

"Why did you do this? Bianca is waiting for me, and if I don't show up on time, she's going to get suspicious." He tells them, as he desperately wants to get out of this place.

"Let's cut to the chase and tell us what's going on." Johnny demands. He knows that someone must threaten Alessandro, but he wants to hear it from him. 

Alessandro sighs and rubs his frustrated face. "A few weeks ago, I received photos of Lisa and proof that she is pregnant; they threatened me that if I didn't do as they said, they would kill my family. I know Lombardi is behind this, but to prove it and to find him, I have to get close to Bianca." Alessandro explains. 

"And you couldn't come to one of us because?" Kevin mocks as he looks at his idiot of a friend. "My office and house are full of listening devices; that's why I couldn't talk to you guys, and I think they are watching my every move."
"Can't you just tell Lisa? She's taking this very hard. She doesn't eat or sleep. It's not good for the baby. She deserves to know the truth"! Jake yells, not caring if everyone around them can hear, but Alessandro needs to know how much this is effecting Lisa. 

"I fucking know; I know I saw her. I saw the hurt in her eyes, but if I go back, they will hurt her, and I don't think I can live without her knowing I could have prevented something from happening to her. Don't you see how hard this is for me?" Alessandro sights. Johnny looks at him and can see the hurt in his friend's eyes. He knows Alessandro is telling the truth. 

"What can we do to help?" Alessandro was approached by Jonny. After all, he is still their friend, and right now he needs their help. 

"I need to trace the emails I received, and I need more bodyguards to watch Lisa. I can't seem to find the location of the email server, so I need to get Bianca on my side to get her to tell me where her father is."

"On it, it sent everything to me, and make sure you delete all traces," Jake tells Alessandro. Alessandro nods. He knew he must have come to them in the first place.

"Can I go now? Before Bianca sent someone to track me?"

"Yes, but only if you assure me that you will completely resolve any issues with Lisa." Jonny replied. To be honest he doesn't want Alessandro to end up alone or worse with Bianca. Lisa was perfect for his friend.

"I promise I will go to her soon and explain everything. Please, make sure to keep a careful eye on her." Jonny nods his head and promises to look after Lisa and protect her. One of the guys takes Alessandro back to his car. 

"Alright, we need to track Lombardi down before he can harm Lisa and the baby. We just need to focus on getting every man you have and send them to the places Lombardi could be. We have to find him quickly before it's too late." Johnny tells the other two. Kevin and Jake nod, then go to Johnny's home to start tracing Lombardi. Johnny went to see Lisa and Lilani. Once he got there and saw that the door was open, he quickly got his gun and walked towards the open door. He gently opened the door and went inside quietly. 

The whole house is in a mess; it looks like someone was putting up a fight. He went from room to room, then found Alice unconscious on the floor, ran-up to her and felt for a pulse. He then takes out his phone and dials Kevin s number.
"You guys should get here asap. Lisa and Lilani are gone, and Alice needs a doctor. I'm taking her, and I want you to check for any leads".

"How the hell did this happen? We are on our way. Is Alice alright?" Kevin asked as soon as he heard what Johnny said. 

"She has been shot. I'm on my way to the hospital. I will let you know as soon as I know what's going on". Johnny says he's ending the call and driving to the hospital. He was mad that none of them were there to protect Lisa and Lilani.

"Someone, please help this lady who has been shot!" He shouts as soon as he steps into the hospital. A nurse comes running to him and helps Alice into bed. Soon a doctor comes and pushes Alice to the emergency room. The nurse came and took Alice's details, and Johnny tried to fill in everything he knew about her. After the paperwork is done, Johnny takes his phone and dials Alessandro's number, but it goes to voice mail. 

"Fuck Mancini, where are you"? Johnny wonders. He decided to wait in the waiting area until the doctors were done. Jake and Kevin are at the house looking for answers. A few hours later, the doctor appears.

"The family of Mrs. Bruno?" The doctor asked, and Johnny quickly got up, praying that Alice was alive. 

"I am her son; is she going to be alright?" Johnny asked, concerned, as he stood in front of the doctor.

"We managed to get the bullet out. She is very lucky because a few centimeters further, it would have penetrated her heart. She is in intensive care; you can visit her as soon as she is awake." The doctor informs him. 

"Doctor, I am truly grateful for your assistance." Johnny shakes the doctor's hand and then asks the nurse at the station to call him once Alice wakes up. 
He quickly walks out of his car and starts driving towards Alice's home. 

"How is Alice? Is she going to be alright?" Kevin asks as soon as Johnny steps inside the house. 

"Yes, she's going to be fine. I ask some of my men to keep guard; I don't want anyone to harm her if they find out she's not dead. Did you find anything?"

"No, we are still looking. Have you informed Mancini?" Jake asked as he went through some of the security footage from across the street. 

Johnny shakes his head, replying, "It goes straight to voicemail." Soon everyone starts to call around, hoping someone knows something. 

After midnight, they hear a knock on the front door, and Johnny walks up to the door and opens it, hiding his gun. "Johnny, what are you doing here?" Alessandro asked, confused as soon as he noticed his friends. 

"If your phone wasn't off, you would have known that Alice is in the hospital fighting for her life, and there's no trace of Lisa or Lilani". Johnny says it angrily as he glares at Alessandro. 

"My phone wasn't off; I have it here with me. Wait, did you just say that Lisa is missing?" Alessandro was shocked as he realized what Johnny had just said. 

"Yes, come in; we are just trying to figure out where and who took them".
Alessandro went inside and saw the mess. He prays that Lisa and Lilani are okay, wherever they are. He feels so stupid. Why didn't they just leave them alone? His grandparents are going to kill him when they find out.

Meanwhile, Lisa and Lilani are tied-up in a dark room. Lisa wakes up with some liquid running down her face. She tries to remember what happened, and then she hears Lilani cry. Lisa looks around in the darkroom to find her sister, but with no luck. 

"Wow, guess who finally decides to join the land of the living." Lisa hears the familiar voice, and fear starts to build up. She knows how dangerous this guy is. She can only hope and pray that someone will find them on time.

###chapter 48

Lisa looks up at Mr. Lombardi "What the hell do you want, and where is my sister?" She demands to know. She refuses to display any sign of fear toward him. Mr. Lombardi begins to laugh, sending shivers down her spine. 

"You stupid little girl, you should have listened to me the first time, and as for your little brat of a sister, she is fine... for now." He tells Lisa and walks closer to her. 

"Now, as for you, TSK TSK TSK, what should I do with a pregnant woman? You will be no good as a sex slave." He taunts and continues, "But we can keep you here until you deliver, or maybe we should just get rid of the little bastard inside you?" Mr. Lombardi laughed evilly as he looked at Lisa. He wanted her the first time he laid eyes on her, and now she is right here with him. 

"Don't you dare touch me or my child; Alessandro and I are getting a divorce!" Lisa shouts at him, trying not to show her fear, but deep down inside she is afraid of what he will do to her. Mr. Lombardi slaps her hard across the face, making her head snap to the right as tears prick her eyes. 

"Show some respect, Bitch! Or I will teach you!" Mr. Lombardi seethes through gritted teeth. 

"You know Alessandro can fool my daughter, but he can't fool me". With that, Mr. Lombardi walks out as Lisa wonders what he was talking about. Lisa tastes the metal of blood in her mouth, then spits the blood out. After a few seconds, the door opened again, and she saw her sister being thrown inside. 

"Mr. Lombardi says you must enjoy your last few days with each other because soon the little one will have a new house." The guard laughs as he looks at Lisa, licking his lips. 

"Lilani? Are you okay?" Lisa asked, concerned when she saw her sister being handled like that.   

"Yes, I'm fine; my arms just hurt from the cuffs they put on me." Lilani cries. She walks up to Lisa and hugs her. 

"Do you think Ali will find us?" She asks, hopefully. 

"I know they will find us; don't worry," Lisa assures her, hoping and praying that Alessandro will find them before it's too late.
Lilani laid down with her head on Lisa's lap. 
"Are you okay? And the baby?"

"Yes, we are both perfectly fine." Lilani nods, then closes her eyes, and soon she is fast asleep with Lisa watching over her.
"Did you find anything yet?" Alessandro asks Johnny, walking up and down, trying to figure out where they have taken Lisa and Lilani 

"We are working on it; we will find them. Make yourself useful and start looking for something to help us". Johnny tells his friend. Alessandro decides to go to Lisa's room and start searching there. He then notices a box that has his name written on it and opens it. Inside, he found the sonar picture of today and stared at it. Then it hit him, and tears started to fall down his face. 

"I promise I will find you and bring you back home". He says it out loud. Then he continued searching, and soon he found the letters Lisa received. He opens them and starts reading them. Alessandro takes the letters and runs to Johnny. 

"I think Bianca and her father are in this together." He shares the information with them and hands over the letters to Johnny. Johnny starts to read each letter and says

"You have to get Bianca to talk because if we don't find them soon, we will never see them again." Alessandro knows what he means and walks away, swearing under his breath. He jumps in his car and heads to the loft. As soon as he stops, he runs inside and presses the code on the elevator. Soon the door opened, and he went inside quietly. 

"You have to get rid of them before Alessandro finds out we are behind this." He hears Bianca's voice. He walks up to her and stands behind her without her noticing, saying, "I don't care to sell both of them; next time you call me Daddy, there better be good news." Bianca ends the call, and as she turns around, she walks into Alessandro. 

"O, baby, you're home." She hesitantly utters the words. "Cut the crap, Bianca; I know what you and your old man did. Now you're going to tell me exactly what I want to know." Alessandro says it in a dangerous voice. 

"I don't know what you are talking about, baby." Bianca continues to put on a facade. She won't let him leave her; she has to make him believe that what he heard was a misunderstanding.

"Enough with your bullshit! I want to know where Lisa and Lilani are"! Alessandro tells her and walks closer to Bianca. She takes a step back with every step Alessandro takes until her back hits the wall before she can react. Alessandro's hand comes around her neck, and he starts to squeeze. 

"I fucking know what you're playing at, and I know you and your father have them. I'm going to ask one more time; where is my family!" Alessandro is furious. He let go of her, and Bianca dropped to the floor. She starts laughing hysterically. 

"You... you really think you will find her in time?" She laughs as she looks at Alessandro thinking how pathetic he sounds. "I will find her even if it means that I will have blood on my hands but find them I will!"

"Why? Why the hell do you love her? She can't offer you anything. She's weak, poor, and unattractive!" Bianca shouts angrily because Alessandro loves Lisa and not her. 

"You think I'm stupid? I know you were only pretending to love me and guess what? I asked my father to sort out my problem! Why can't you love me?"
Alessandro looks at the woman in front of him and tells her. 

"She never cared about my wealth; moreover, she supported me unconditionally even when I couldn't see. And although you may consider her unattractive, she is more breathtaking to me than any other woman on this planet. She doesn't need fancy clothes or makeup to make her look good! She's kind and has a pure heart! She possesses all the qualities you are missing!" Alessandro speaks honestly. Alessandro drags her by the hair to a room then he throws her inside and locks the door. 

"Antonio I need you to watch over Bianca for me". Alessandro giving instructions to Antonio. Just as he ends the call his phone rings again this time it's his brother. 

"Alessandro you need to come quick! Sophia is in labor!" He hears Gabriele shouting over the phone. 

"On my way". Alessandro told him and hung up. He quickly informs Johnny and the rest about Sophia's situation and Bianca. Then leaves as soon as Antonio arrives.
At the hospital, Alessandro asked one of the nurses where his brother and sister-in-law are and made his way to the waiting room. After some time he saw Gabriele with a huge smile on his face. 

"It's a girl, Sophia is waiting for you and Kevin will be here soon". Gabriel informs him. 

"Where's Lisa?" Gabriel asks his brother when he realizes he's alone. 

"She doesn't feel very well, but will come as soon as she feels better," Alessandro says. Gabriel nods and opens the door. Alessandro went inside and kissed Sophia to congratulate her and pick the baby up. 

"What's her name?"

"Luna Aria Mancini." Gabriel informs him with a big grin plastered on his face. Alessandro looks at his brother and hugs him. 

"Sophia decided to give her mom's name that way mom will always be remembered," Gabriele explains. 

"Thank you". Alessandro says, and they all watch over Luna and talk about everything. Alessandro decides not to tell anything about what's happening. 

"She's beautiful." Alessandro compliments as he looks at the baby girl. 

"Thank you, she looks just like her mother." Gabriel is beaming with joy. Alessandro excuses himself by telling them he's got an important meeting. Gabriel senses something wrong but decides not to comment and greets his brother. Alessandro phone Johnny and tell him he's on his way. When he is about to leave Kevin arrives at the hospital. 

Alessandro pleads, "Please refrain from sharing any information about Lisa with them." Kevin nods and then runs into the hospital leaving Alessandro alone. Alessandro went to his car and started driving to Johnny.
"Wake up Bitch". Lisa hears someone say. 

"Here's your lunch the boss will be here soon." Then the guy leaves. Lisa wakes Lilani gently and shows her the food. 

"Eat you need it". Lisa tells her sister. 

"What about you?". Lilani asks her as she looks at the plate with one slice of bread on it. 

"Don't worry I will be fine as long as you eat that's all that's matters." Lilani takes the plate and starts to eat, offering Lisa some food. After Lilani ate, the door opened and Mr. Lombardi steps inside. 

"Take the little girl to the room next door and leave me alone." Lilani looks at Lisa afraid to leave her alone. Lisa nods at her sister and Lilani leaves looking at Lisa sadly. 
"Now, Alessandro found out that we took you, TSK TSK TSK," Lombardi says and walks closer to Lisa. 

"You're going to be a good girl and tell him exactly what I tell you to say, or your sister will never live to see another day." Lisa looks at Mr. Lombardi with fear in her eyes. 

"I will do it, but please don't hurt my sister" She begs. Mr. Lombardi shows something to someone then the lights turn on. 

"Be a good girl and tell Alessandro to stop searching for you." Lisa nods and sits up straight. She then sees the camera showing at her and starts talking.

"Mr. Mancini, there's a live feed of Mrs. Mancini," Leonardo informs him. Alessandro and the other turn to the screen and Alessandro watches Lisa. 

"Hey, Alessandro. Please stop searching for us. Now that you have Bianca, embrace your happiness with her. Please, I don't love you anymore."
Alessandro watches Lisa cry, and he knows someone is with her. He knew she won't say that because he truly believes that she still loves him despite everything he has done to them. As he stares at the screen he sees someone pushing Lisa when she says, "Please find us" and then the screen went blank. "Find and track down the exact location." Johnny informs Jake. "Already on it."
"You were still on a live camera, you fool!" Mr. Lombardi shouts and hits Lisa over and over again. Lisa covers her stomach to protect her children. Soon, she fell unconscious from the blows.

###chapter 49

Lisa woke up all sore, and when she looked down, she saw blood. She instantly holds on to her stomach, hoping that nothing has happened to her children. The door opens, and one of the guards opens the door and walks toward her. 

"Get up; the boss wants to see you". The guard notifies her. Lisa looks up and then tries to stand up, but her body is sore all over. The guard helped her up and put his arms around her to help her walk. 

"Don't worry, I will let Mr. Mancini know where you are; you just need to be strong for a few more hours." He whispers into her ear. Lisa looks up at him; she can't believe what she is hearing-someone is willing to help her. She just hopes Alessandro will be in time to save her and Lilani; she doesn't know how much longer she can be strong for both her and her sister. Lisa noticed they stopped, and the guard knocked on the closed door. 

"Come in". She hears Mr. Lombardi's voice. The guard opens the door and pushes Lisa gently inside. 

"Look at you. You have to get yourself cleaned up. I have someone who is interested in purchasing you." Lisa hears what Mr. Lombardi said and looks at him with wide eyes. This is happening too fast. 

"And, just so you know, your sister will be departing this very evening." With that, Mr. Lombardi shows the guard to take Lisa away. Lisa is in a daze and can't focus on what's happening. She needs to get her sister out of this place before tonight. She couldn't wait for Alessandro to arrive. She needs to save her sister and her children. 

"Don't worry, I told you everything is going to be okay. Nobody is going to take your sister, I promise you." The guard tells Lisa 

"Why? Why would you help us?" Lisa asks him. Wondering why this one isn't like the others she has met and why he was willing to help them. 

"Because I have a daughter who's also here, and tonight I'm taking her, I've already informed the right people to help me". The guard continues explaining. 

"How long has your daughter been here?" Lisa finds herself asking. 

"For the past six months, I've been relentlessly searching for her. Each time I come close, the girls are quickly relocated. Frustrated by this, I made the decision to join Lombardi's organization, well aware that it is one of the largest human trafficking networks in Italy. As soon as I got the job, I tried to find my daughter, and it was not until two weeks ago that I found out where she was, and then one day Lombardi bought her, and now I need to get her out of here and you guys." Lisa hears him say it, but before she could reply, they stopped in front of the room she was being held in. 

"Don't worry about anything". The guard tells Lisa and then opens the door for her before closing it again. Once again, Lisa was left alone. Lisa went to the wall and lay down on the cold floor. Soon she fell asleep, exhausted.
"Mr. Mancini, there's someone on the phone asking to speak to you urgently". Leonardo informs Alessandro. Alessandro picks up the phone and starts talking to the person on the other side. 

"Mr. Mancini, I know where your wife and her sister are." Alessandro hears the man say. 

"I want you to meet me at Johnny's warehouse in an hour. You don't have much time to lose if you ever want to see them again". The man tells Alessandro, then puts the phone down. Alessandro gets up and walks towards the door. 

"Antonio, we have to go to Johnny's warehouse; it's urgent," Alessandro tells Antonio. Antonio nods and follows his boss, wondering what the urgency is.
Alessandro soon arrives at the warehouse and sees all three of his friends. He gets out and walks towards them. 

"Did he phone you guys as well?" Alessandro asks them. 

"Yes, he told us to meet here in an hour and that he knows where Lisa and her sister are," Kevin tells him. 
They stood there waiting for the mysterious man when they finally saw someone walking towards the warehouse. Johnny holds on to his gun at the back of his pants. 

"Thank you all for coming. My name is Chris Anderson. I know where your wife and her sister are being held." The man tells them. 

"And how do you know this?". Alessandro asks in a cold voice. 

"Because I work for Lombardi and are one of the guards watching both of them". Chris tells Alessandro 

"What do you want out of this information you gave us?" Johnny asks him as he starts to doubt the reason why the man wanted to meet them. 

"I want your help to save my daughter, who is also being held there. I will go with you, of course," Chris explains. Chris tells them everything about how he met Lisa and what Lombardi is planning to do tonight. 

"We have to move fast before eleven; otherwise, the little girl will be sold, and you will never see her again". Chris says it with urgency. Alessandro and the other three start making plans and inform Chris to meet them back at the warehouse tonight at Seven o'clock. Chris shakes their hands and then disappears. 

"Do you think we can trust him?" Jake asks his friend. 

"He seems sincere, and it looks like he's telling the truth. "Let our team know that they should be prepared for tonight." Kevin tells them. He knows they can't trust this man, but this is the only real lead they have to get Lisa and Lilani.
"Hold on Lisa, I'm going to get you. Please be safe," Alessandro says out loud. Then walk towards his car. Alessandro informs Antonio and Leonardo to get ready. He asks Piero to take him to the hospital. On his arrival, he asks the nurse where Alice is. The nurse showed him Alice's room and then left. 
"Hey, Alice. I'm sorry that this happened to you. I thought if I left Lisa, people wouldn't hurt her, but I was wrong. She was taken and you were shot." Alessandro talks to her. 

"Oh, my dear, I'm not mad at you." Alessandro looked shocked at the old woman. 

"Don't look so surprised, I'm way too young to die. Besides, I still have to help raise the babies." Alice tells him. 

"Now go and bring them back," Alice says. "O, and make sure you sort this out with Lisa. She is a lovely girl". Alessandro nods and walks out of the hospital. Tonight they will get Lisa and Lilani.

###chapter 50

Lisa woke up when the door opened, and she noticed the guard she talked to walking up to her. "Get ready, Alessandro will be arriving in ten minutes." The guard says. He looks at Lisa and notices how weak she is, and then he notices the blood. He bends down and picks her up. 

"I'm going to put you in this corner so if somebody wants to get you, they won't find you, I will tell your husband where you are". He talks softly and puts her down gently. Lisa nods weakly. She doesn't have any energy left in her body. She just wishes Alessandro would hurry and rescue her sister. She doesn't think her body is strong enough to escape. Lisa closed her eyes, praying her sister would be fine.
"Is everyone ready? You all know what to do. We need to ensure a safe and swift evacuation for Lilani and Lisa." Johnny tells his guys. 

"We are going in five, and the driver is ready. Let us know when you find them". He continues. Alessandro's impatience grows as he yearns to swiftly retrieve his wife. However, he is acutely aware of the perilous nature of this rescue mission and dreads the thought of Lisa or Lilani coming to harm. 

"Are you ready? Go, go!" Alessandro listens closely as Johnny commands. They sneak up to the building where Lisa and Lilani are and take out the guards at the door. Johnny opens the door and clears the way. Soon they are inside, searching for Lisa and Lilani. 

"Kevin, you and Jake go and find Lilani, while Alessandro and I will search for Lisa," Johnny tells the over-the-earpiece. Johnny and Alessandro went up the stairs and started searching each room for Lisa. In every room, they find a few young girls, and Alessandro shows one of their men to take the women out. In the meantime, Kevin and Jake discover where Lilani and other children are being held and talk to the frightened girls. 

"Girls, don't worry; we are here to help you get home. Now that we don't have much time, you need to listen carefully. You see the guy over there? Follow him quietly. Please, don't make a sound." Kevin tells them. The girls nod and start to line up, ready to follow Jake and the others. Lilani notices Kevin and Jake and runs up to them. 

"I've truly missed all of you." She whispers to them. 

"We missed you too; you have to follow us so that we can get out of here," Jake tells Lilani. Lilani follows Kevin and Jake as they go down and see some guards walking up the hallway. Kevin shows Jake and the guys how to go into a room. They quickly went into the nearest room while Kevin attacked the guards quietly so that nobody could hear they were there. He quickly dragged the bodies into another room, closed the door, and went to get the others.
Alessandro and Johnny go into the room and find Lisa curled up in the corner. Alessandro runs up to her and sees that she is weak and bleeding. He quickly takes off his jacket and puts it around her, then picks her up. 

"We have to move now before someone notices us," Johnny says to Alessandro. Alessandro nods, then walks towards the door. He looks outside, sees that the coast is clear, and starts walking downstairs with Johnny following. Just as they reached the last step, they heard Mr. Lombardi speak. 

"Well, well, isn't this lovely look who decided to come and play the hero?" Alessandro freezes and looks up to Mr. Lombardi, who is holding a gun and pointing it at them. 

"You know you should have just taken my daughter back, but no, you had to go and fall in love with this girl. You and your friends ruined me. Now, what am I going to do with you?" Mr. Lombardi asks Alessandro. 

"Leave Lisa and her sister out of this; this is between me and Bianca. You should have never interfered in the first place." Alessandro says it through gritted teeth. 

"You know that's where you are wrong because you hurt my little girl the day you married Lisa. Bianca loved you, and you were too blind to see it, blinded by that woman's beauty." Mr. Lombardi says this and points the gun at Lisa. Alessandro turns around so that if he pulls the trigger, he won't hit Lisa. 

"I give you five seconds to choose either Bianca or Lisa. If you choose Lisa, I will take her away from you. That's a promise. I sincerely hope that you make a wise choice." Alessandro turns his head and looks at Lombardi before saying. 

"I will never leave my wife for someone like your daughter," Lombardi smirks at Alessandro and says. 

"Well, it looks like you will see each other on the other side then." Lisa, who hears every word, looks up at Alessandro and says, "Alessandro, please don't do this; go and be happy. I will never forgive myself if something happens to you because of me." Alessandro looks down at his beautiful wife, saying 

"I will never leave you again. I thought I could protect you if I left you. Not only that, but I love you, Lisa."
 
"Aww, isn't this cute, confessing your love? Such a sweet gesture, but unfortunately, it's too late." Mr. Lombardi says just as he pulls the trigger Johnny pushes Alessandro out of the way. Alessandro holds on to Lisa as he feels himself falling and uses his body to protect her. Soon another gunshot goes off.
Kevin and Jake made it out of the place safely with all the children. 

"I'm going back for Lisa and the others''. Jake tells Kevin. 
"Be careful". Jake nods and runs back to the house just as he wants to enter. As soon as he heard the gunshot, he swiftly made his way indoors. In a split second, he witnessed Johnny forcefully pushing Alessandro aside and, to his astonishment, he caught a glimpse of Lombardi standing at the top of the stairs. Just as Lombardi was about to pull the trigger again. Jake aims at Lombardi and shoots him in the head. He quickly ran towards Johnny and noticed he had been shot in the back. He takes out his phone and daily Kevin. 

"Prepare the cars immediately. Johnny has been shot. He needs a doctor asap. He's losing a lot of blood." Jake hangs up and starts to put pressure on the wound. Alessandro gets up, then helps Lisa up. They walk towards Johnny and see what happened. After a few minutes, Kevin arrives with some men and starts helping Johnny to one of the cars. 

"Take him to my place; the doctor is already waiting there," Kevin informs them. Alessandro picks Lisa up and walks towards the cars. He notices that she's losing a lot of blood and tells the driver to drive faster to the house. 

"Lisa, baby, open your eyes, please." He begs her. Lisa hears Alessandro's voice but struggles to open her eyes. Alessandro dials his doctor and tells him to meet him at Kevin's place and that he must hurry.
As soon as they arrive, Alessandro takes Lisa inside and rushes with her to a room. 

"Mr. Mancini let me take it from here I will inform you as soon as I'm done with my examination on Mrs. Mancini." The doctor informs him. Alessandro went outside and decided to go to hear how Johnny is doing. When he went to Kevin and Jake they told him Johnny is still with the doctors that they are still busy with him. 

"Where's Lilani?". Alessandro asked. 

"She is fine; she's sleeping in one of the guest rooms," Kevin assures him. The three of them wait for news on Johnny and Lisa.
After some time, the doctor walks towards Alessandro. 

"Mr. Mancini, I'm sorry, but it looks like Mrs. Mancini lost the baby. I can't say for sure, but she lost a lot of blood." The doctor informs Alessandro. Alessandro is too shocked to register what the doctor said. He walked past the doctor and went to Lisa's room and took a seat next to her. He takes her hand in his. 

"I am so sorry for everything I have done these past few weeks, sorry for not trusting you enough. I thought I was protecting you, but I ended up hurting you more than anyone had ever done. I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me. I love you so much." Alessandro says with tears running down his cheeks.

###chapter 51

The next morning, Lisa woke up feeling someone's hand around her. She carefully moves, looks over her shoulder, and sees Alessandro sleeping next to her. Lisa closed her eyes and recalled everything that happened the day before. She holds on to her stomach and remembers the doctor telling her that she lost the baby. She hastily grabs Alessandro and shakes him. 

"Wake up; you need to get me to the hospital, please". 

Alessandro opened his eyes and asked, "What happened? Are you okay?". He asks Lisa, now fully awake, and moves closer to her to look for any signs of injuries. 

"No, the doctor told me last night that I lost the baby. I want to get checked by my doctor to know for sure. Please, take me." Lisa begs him, then gets out of bed and walks to the bathroom. Alessandro doesn't have a clue what's going on but decides to get up to take Lisa to the hospital. Lisa takes a shower and realizes she doesn't have any clothes whatsoever. She wrapped the towel around her body and went back to the bedroom. 

"There are some clean clothes for you; I will be quick, then we can go to the hospital," Alessandro informs her. Lisa just nods and walks past him to the clothes. She turned around and found him still staring at her. 

"What?" She asks him when she notices him staring at her. 

"I... I It's nothing." Alessandro replied, embarrassed that he had gotten caught checking her body out. Lisa turns around and starts to get dressed, and Alessandro takes it as his cue to get ready.
Lisa waits for Alessandro to finish and decides to check on Lilani. She walks out of the room and notices Jake and Kevin. 

"Hey everyone, how is Johnny?" Lisa asks, sounding concerned.   

"He's going to be alright, he's still sleeping, and the doctor says he will wake up soon," Kevin tells her. 

"I'm glad to hear that he's doing alright; I will forever be grateful for what he did." Lisa says this with tears in her eyes. Things could have turned out badly now that she thinks about it. If it weren't for Johnny, Alessandro could have been dead. Kevin noticed Lisa's tears and went up to her and hugged her. 

"Hey, he's a strong man. Don't cry; he wouldn't want you to feel guilty." Kevin says it, and Lisa nods. She knows Johnny wouldn't want her to be sad, but she still feels guilty about what happened to him. 

"I'm sorry to hear about the baby. Shouldn't you be in bed resting?" Jake whispers it gently. He knows this is going to tear her apart, knowing she lost the baby. 

"No, I need to go to the hospital. I asked Alessandro to take me. I'm just waiting for him. Do you know where Lilani is?" She asks them knowing her sister must be worried sick about her.

"Yes, we were just there. She's still sleeping peacefully. Maybe you can check up on her when you get back from the hospital." Jake suggests. Lisa nods and is just about to say something when Alessandro makes his appearance. "Hey everyone, have there been any updates?"
Alessandro is standing right behind Lisa. She can feel her body go stiff as soon as she hears his voice. She doesn't know how to face him. She feels hurt, disappointed and most of all like a failure.

"Yes, the doctor says he will be alright, but he is still fast asleep." Kevin informs Alessandro. 

"That's great news. I will visit him once we are back." Kevin and Jake nod, then go inside Johnny's room as they can feel the tension between Lisa and Alessandro.
"I'm ready when you are." Lisa turns to face Alessandro. She missed him so much, but she just can't forget what he has done to her. She heard what he said last night. She wants to believe him, but she finds it difficult. Lisa walked past him and went down the stairs. Alessandro sighs and then follows her. They went to the car, and Alessandro started driving towards the hospital. Once they arrived at the hospital, Lisa went inside with Alessandro following her. 

"Mrs. Mancini, please follow me, Dr. Johnson is waiting for you." 
Lisa looked confused; she didn't call her doctor. "I called Dr. Johnson and told her what happened," Alessandro explains. Lisa looks up at him shocked. She can't believe she didn't hear him talk on the phone. Lisa and Alessandro follow the nurse to the room where the doctor is waiting for them. 

"Good morning Mr. and Mrs. Mancini. Will you please lay down on the bed for me?" The doctor warmly welcomes them. Lisa and Alessandro greet the doctor and then Lisa go and lay down. 

Okay, let's see." The doctor puts the gel on Lisa's stomach and starts with the check-up. Suddenly Lisa hears the heartbeat. 

"You see here? That is one; now let's check and see if we can find the others." The doctor informs them. Soon they hear another heartbeat. 

"It looks like all three babies are going to be alright." Alessandro looks at the doctor then at Lisa. 

"Did you just say three?" He asks, not sure if he heard correctly. 

"Yes, Mrs. Mancini found out the last time she was here. I suggest you rest as much as you can and avoid stress. You were under a lot of stress, and it's not good for you or the babies. The chance that you can lose one or all of them is great. So I need you to stop stressing and rest otherwise I'm going to put you on bed rest for the rest of the pregnancy." The doctor tells Lisa. Lisa looked at the doctor, she couldn't believe that she could lose her babies if she didn't take care of herself. Lisa wipes the gel off and pulls her shirt down. Alessandro helps her up, and then they thank the doctor and go out. 

"Do you need anything from the store?" Alessandro asks Lisa. 

"No, I think I just want to go home and lay down for a bit." Lisa replied. 

"Okay, I will take you home. Can we talk as soon as possible?" Alessandro asks her. He needs to explain things to her, and he really wants to make her understand that everything he did, he did it to protect her.
 
"Yes, we need to talk about everything that had happened, maybe we can stop at the park where I first met your grandparents?" Lisa suggests. Alessandro nods then drives towards the park.
At the park, Alessandro gets out and walks to Lisa's side, and opens the door for her. 

"Thank you." They walk silently to an open bench. 

"Okay, what do you want to talk about?" Lisa asked. 

"First I want to explain why I did what I did to you. I received photos of you where you were, what you did. They threatened that if I didn't leave you that I would receive body parts of you. I tried to protect you, but instead, I got you kidnapped." Alessandro explains. 

"I know why you did it, but I still feel hurt that you didn't trust me enough to talk about it. I thought we were going, to be honest with each other, but you decided to keep secrets from me, and you started seeing Bianca again. Do you realize how that made me feel? I love you, Alessandro, I do, but I need time to think about everything. You have hurt me more than anyone has ever hurt me. You were and still are my first love. Can I ask you something?"

"Yes, anything."

"Did you... you know... sleep with Bianca?" Lisa asks regretting the question. 

"I... I didn't sleep with her, I promise, I did kiss her to make it look real." Alessandro replies ashamed now that he says it out loud. Lisa looks at Alessandro trying to fight the tears that threaten to come out. Alessandro noticed the tears and knew it was his fault for making her cry. He wishes he could turn back time, but sadly he can't.

She cleared her throat and said "Can you please take me home now? I feel tired." Alessandro nods and stands up. He knows he just messed things up, but he needed to tell her the truth.
Back at the mansion, Lisa went up to her room and started crying. She knows why he did it, but it still hurts thinking that he kissed Bianca. She cries herself to sleep thinking about Alessandro and Bianca together.

###chapter 52

Alessandro decides to check up on Johnny. He just hopes that Lisa will find it in her heart to forgive him. 

"What happened to Lisa? Did I hear her crying?" Kevin asked Alessandro as soon as he went into Johnny's room. 

"It's something that I did," Alessandro says with a sigh. 

"What did you do, and how did it go at the hospital?"

"Well, the good news is we didn't lose the babies, and the bad news is Lisa needs to rest and stop stressing, otherwise she will lose them. As for what I did, Lisa asked if I slept with Bianca." Before he could finish his sentence, Jake interrupted. 

"Did you really sleep with her? It's no surprise that Lisa is in tears!" Jake shouts. How could Alessandro be this stupid? 

"I didn't sleep with her; I only kissed her." Alessandro defends himself. 

"Still, you cheated on your wife. Goddammit, Mancini, we told you to stay away from Bianca."

"I know, I messed up big time," Alessandro says, defeated. He knows what he did was wrong, and he doesn't need his friends to tell him.

"Wait, did you say something about babies?" Kevin changes the subject. Alessandro nods and messes with his hair. 

"Yes, it turns out we are expecting triplets."

"Wait! Triplets! As in, three of you will be here soon?" Kevin says he was shocked when he heard what Alessandro said. 

"Wow, man, congrats. Who would've guessed that you would be the first one to be a father? But in all seriousness, you have to set things right with Lisa." Jake says to Alessandro. 

"I'm planning on setting things right, but I'm going to need Sophia's and Grandma's help."

"O, sh*t, they are going to kill us for keeping this away from them," Kevin tells them. Mrs. Mancini loves Lisa as if she were her own daughter. He knew that she was going to skin them alive. 

"Yeah, you think? After lunch, I will go to them." Alessandro says. Alessandro walks to Johnny's bed. 

"Hey, you better wake up soon. I have some amazing news to tell you. I want to slap the shit out of you first for what you did." Alessandro jokes. The three friends stay there for a while, and then the maid calls them for lunch. 

"I'm going to check up on Lisa first; you guys go ahead." Kevin and Jake nod and go downstairs. Alessandro walks to the bedroom and opens the door, finding the bed empty. He decides to go to Lilani's room; maybe she's there.
Lisa sits on Lilani's bed and reads a story to her. As she reads, the door opens and Alessandro walks in. 

"Hey, lunch is ready if you want to come down," Alessandro explains as to why he was there. Things feel different between them, and he can only hope that she was willing to forgive him for his mistakes. 

"Thank you we will be down in a minute," Lisa replies without looking up. 

"Ali, where have you been?" Lilani asks him. Lisa looks at her sister weirdly because she doesn't want to face Alessandro let alone talk to him now. 

"I'm sorry, piccolo. I was busy this morning. I will be here tonight, then I will read to you." Alessandro tells the little girl. 

"Promise?"

"I promise". Alessandro says, holding out his pinky. Lilani giggles and holds her pinky out as well. 

"Alright, let's go down for lunch." Lisa abruptly interrupts the conversation between the two of them. Lilani gets out of bed, walks up to Alessandro, takes his hand, and then starts walking out of the door. Lisa looks at the two of them. They get along very well; she just wishes things were different. She watches Alessandro as he walks down the stairs. She has missed his touch, his kisses, and mostly his presence. She wonders if she will ever be able to forgive him for what he did. She knows he was only trying to protect them, but he should've trusted her. As she walks into the dining room, she notices Kevin and Jake already eating. Lisa just laughs at the scene in front of her. She swears these guys are still little boys who are always hungry. 

"Hey, Lisa. Congratulations. We heard from Alessandro that you are expecting triplets." Kevin congratulated her. 

"Thank you; yeah, I still can't believe it." Lisa smiled, rubbing her small belly. 

"I think you're going to go mad if they are anything like their father," Jake says, chuckling. Alessandro throws him an evil eye, and then Jake and Kevin start laughing at their friend. Lisa takes a seat away from Alessandro; he notices it but keeps a straight face. He doesn't want to push her away any further than she already is. Lunch was enjoyed in a peaceful atmosphere. Kevin and Jake notice the tension on the table and decide to take Lilani. 

"Do you want to go to the park and grab some ice cream?" Jake asks her. Lilani looks at Lisa for approval. Lisa nods then said, "Yes, you can go but don't eat too many sweets."

"Promise I won't," Lilani says holding her hand on her chest. Kevin, Jake, and Lilani stand up and walk out. 

"I'm going to Sophia's, if you need anything just call me," Alessandro informs her. 

"I will but for now I'm good, thank you," Lisa answers politely. Alessandro stands up and starts walking out but then turns towards Lisa. 

"For what it's worth, I am sorry." After uttering those words, he turns and leaves. Lisa heard the front door shut, then she went to her room.
"Good to see you again, brother." Gabriele warmly greets Alessandro. "How are you guys doing?" Alessandro asks him. 

"Tired, the one who says babies are easy to raise don't know what they are talking about."

"That hard, huh?" Alessandro laughs. 

"I want to talk to you and Sophia if you guys don't mind." Gabriele can see something is bothering his brother and then calls for Sophia. 

"Grandma is here too!" Gabriel informs him. 

"Great, now I'm going to be killed," Alessandro whispers. As soon as Sophia and grandma join them, Alessandro tells them everything that happened. 

"You fucking idiot! Where is that Bitch now? Sophia exclaims, glaring at her idiot brother-in-law. 

"Last night, Bianca was taken into custody." Alessandro tells her ignoring the angry look she is giving him. 

"I'm going to kill you. You had a beautiful wife. Why would you do that to her?" Grandpa asked angrily.
 
"I told you I was trying to protect them, besides the babies are doing well."

"Wait, babies? Do you mean there is more than one?" Gabriele asked wanting to change the subject. He knows what his brother did was stupid, but he also understands why he did it. 
"Yes, we have an incredible surprise in store for us - we are expecting not just one, but three beautiful bundles of joy!"

"O fuck. Hopefully, they are like their mother and not their father." Gabriele teases Alessandro. 

"What do you want me to do?" Sophia confronts him directly. Alessandro explains what he wants to do.
"This is going to cost you, but luckily for you, I love Lisa."
Alessandro and Sophia start working on the plan. 

"Thank you guys, I appreciate it," Alessandro says as he stands up and walks to his grandmother. Alessandro spent some more time with them when he tells them he will see them.

"You know for a man who owns half of this country, your brother sure is dumb," Sophia tells Gabriele.
Gabriele just laughs. 

"Let's get going, Grandma. We have some planning to do," Sophia urges. Soon they were busy arranging everything. "Let's just hope this is going to turn out good."

###chapter 53

Alessandro went back to the mansion and went to Lilani's room. "Hey princess. How are you feeling?"

"Good, thank you. Where were you?" Lilani asks him. 

"I quickly went to Aunt Sophia to ask them something," Alessandro tells her. 

"Okay, Lisa is sleeping if you want to know. Is she alright?"
 
"Thank you. Yes, she's alright now. Why do you ask?" Alessandro asks, his voice filled with confusion. 

"She's crying a lot," Lilani says. "Don't worry, I think she's just glad to be back." He assures Lilani. Lilani nods then asked, "When are we going back home? And when is Nonna coming?"
 
"Soon little one very soon, Nonna will be back one of these days, I promise," Alessandro says. Alessandro spends a few more minutes with her. Then he goes to Lisa's room. When he opens the door he finds the bed empty. Just as he was about to leave, the bathroom door opens, and Lisa walks out with a towel around her. Lisa watches Alessandro and sees the lust in his eyes. 
 
"I'm sorry I should have knocked," Alessandro says embarrassed that he shamelessly checked her out. Just as he turned around, Lisa walks up to him and hugs him. 

"Thank you for saving us." She says to him. Alessandro turns around facing her. 
 
"I will never let anything happen to you, our babies, or Lilani. I will protect you as long as I live. I love you so much. I'm not just saying it because you want to hear it, I'm saying it because I mean it." Lisa looks up at him and sees that he is sincere. She stands on her toes and brings her lips to his, kissing him. 
 
"I know," Lisa says, walking to the bed to get her clothes. 

"I just need time; you hurt me when you said you kissed her." 
 
Alessandro nods, saying, "I understand. I won't push you to forgive me." Lisa hears the sadness in his voice. She wants to tell him she forgives him, but she's still hurt. She loves this man with her whole heart. 

"Sophia, Gabriel, and our grandparents are coming over tonight," Alessandro informs her. 

"O, I have missed them."

"Yes, she's mad that I didn't tell them about anything. She had her baby the day you went missing." Alessandro tells her. 

"Wow, I can't wait to meet her, but isn't it too early for the baby?" Lisa says this excitedly. 
 
"I don't know? You will have to ask her, but please don't overstress yourself." Alessandro pleads. 
 
"I won't, I promise." Alessandro nods then leaves Lisa alone in the room. Lisa is left with her thoughts. Why can't she just forgive him? He did it to protect them. She thought. She decides to take a rest for a while before Sophia comes.
That evening Sophia and the others arrived. Alessandro went up to call Lisa and tell her they were here. Lisa quickly dressed and then went downstairs. When Sophia sees Lisa she walks up to her and hugs her. 

"O honey, I'm so sorry for what happened to you, and congratulations I heard you're expecting three Mancini's." Sophia winks. Lisa laughs and replied, "Thank you. Yes, it's still unbelievable I can't believe three human beings are growing inside me."
 
"Yeah, me neither. Oh hell, hopefully, they will be like you and not the father. We will truly need heaven's assistance if we are to deal with four Alessandros all at once." Sophia laughs. 

"Hey! I hear you. I'm not that bad." Alessandro defends himself. 
 
"Sure you are an angel sent from hell." Kevin also mocks. Alessandro gives him a finger. 

Grandma walks over, "Alright now it's my turn. Lisa, my dear I'm so sorry for my grandson's behavior, and I'm glad you're back safely." Lisa hugs grandma when grandpa pulls her away. 

"Congratulations dear, I hope these three don't inherit their father's stupidity". 
 
"Dinner is ready. We can go to the dining room." Jake tells everyone. They all went to sit down and start to eat. The guys are busy chatting about men's stuff while Sophia and Lisa talk. 
 
"I want you to come with me tomorrow night," Sophia asks Lisa. "Alright, where are we going?"
 
"Perhaps we could go out for dinner? So dress nicely." Sophia says kindly. Lisa nods and then continues eating. After dinner, Lisa and Sophia take the plates and start doing dishes. 

"Where's the baby?" Lisa asked. "In the bedroom sleeping. Do you want to meet her?" Sophia asked. 

"I would love to." Lisa and Sophia walk to the bedroom where the baby is sleeping. 
 
"O my, she's beautiful. What is her name?" Lisa asks softly as she stares at the little baby in front of her. 
 
"Luna Aria Mancini." Sophia smiles. "We named her after her grandmother's."
 
"That's a beautiful name. May I hold her?"
Sophia gives a nod and passes Luna over to Lisa. Lisa holds the baby girl against her chest. 
 
"She looks just like Gabriele." Lisa notice. 

"Yes, that she does," Sophia says happily. 
 
"She's so small. Wasn't she born too soon?" Lisa asked. 
 
"Turns out our doctor made a mistake about how far along I was." Sophia shrugged. 

"Oh, well, at least she is in good health." Lisa holds the baby when Alessandro walks in. The sight in front of him makes his heart melt. 
 
"You look good with the baby in your arm". Alessandro compliments. Lisa looks up at him and gives him a small smile. 

"Anyway, we want to let you know, Johnny just woke up," Alessandro tells them. 
 
"That's fantastic news. We will be there in a bit." Sophia says. Alessandro nods and then leaves. 

"I assume you are mad at him?" Sophia asks with caution. Lisa sights. "I don't know, I mean he told me he did it to protect us, but the thought of him kissing her makes me mad." Lisa admitted. 
 
"I know honey, but take it from his point of view, he received all these threats. He didn't know what to do. He was trying to protect you. Look I don't talk good about what he did, but I have never seen him in love like this before. He truly loves you." Sophia says. 
 
Lisa looks at Sophia and realizes she's overreacting. Maybe she should give him another chance. Sophia, thank you so much." Sophia smiles then they walk to Johnny's room.
 
"Hey, Johnny. I am so glad that you are alright." Lisa says as soon as she walks into his room. 

"Don't worry, I won't leave you this soon." Johnny jokes. Lisa walks up to him and hugs him with Sophia next to her. 
 
"Congratulations on the birth of your precious baby girl!" Johnny says to Sophia. 
 
"Thank you. Gabriele will require a shotgun once she grows up." Sophia laughs. 
 
"I hear you're bringing three Mancini's into this world. God help us that they don't have their father's personality." Johnny says. Alessandro throws him a finger and everyone laughs.
 

"Why is everyone saying that?" Alessandro asked. They laughed at Alessandro. 
 
"You do realize how you were as a child and now?" grandpa asks with amusement in his voice. They all spent a few hours with Johnny when Gabriele tells Sophia they should go. They bid everyone good night and then went home. Lisa went to Lilani's room and found her fast asleep. 

"Goodnight baby girl," Lisa says and kisses her on the head. She covers her with a blanket then walks out. On her way to her room, she sees Alessandro about to go into another room. 
 
"You can stay with me if you want to." Lisa offers. Alessandro looks at her and nods, then walks with her to her room. Lisa went to the bathroom changed into pajamas and did her business. When she walks out she sees Alessandro laying down on the bed. She walks to her side and slips in. 

"Goodnight, Alessandro," Lisa bids. 

"Good night, Lisa." Lisa turned and soon fell asleep feeling someone pulling her closer.

Alessandro and Sophia make plans the next day to surprise Lisa. "Everything is going to work out well. "Don't worry, we'll make sure Lilani and Alice are well taken care of." Sophia tells her brother-in-law. 

"How can you be so sure? Lisa won't forgive me easily, and I don't blame her." Alessandro replied. Sophia shakes her head. 

"I just know. That woman loves you." Alessandro just shakes his head. 

"You better get ready. It's almost time to go and get Lisa. Don't mess this up, or I will have your balls." Sophia threatens him. Alessandro laughs and then goes to get ready, praying everything works out well.
 
In the meantime, Lisa is busy getting ready for her dinner date with Sophia. She hasn't seen Alessandro the whole day after breakfast. He told her he has important meetings and will probably be late. She must admit she misses him. She decides to wear a long red dress with a low cut at the breast and a high slit that shows her leg. She let her hair loose and applied light makeup. After she's done, Lilani comes in to tell her Sophia has arrived. Lisa quickly takes her purse then walks out. 

"Wow, you look gorgeous." Sophia gives her a heartfelt compliment. Lisa smiled, and the two walked out. Sophia tells her driver where she wants to go. Soon they are on their way. 

"We are almost there. I want you to put on this blindfold, and please don't peak." Sophia tells Lisa. Lisa takes the mask and puts it on wondering what she's up to. 

"We are here. Give your hand and I will lead you." Lisa does as she is told and follows Sophia. 

"Now you can take it off." Lisa hears Sophia say. 
As soon as she takes it off she notices that they are standing in front of Alessandro's private jet. 

"What's going on?" Lisa asks unsure. Sophia smiled and nodded towards something. Lisa turns around and sees Alessandro walking up to her. 

"Lisa, baby. I want to ask if you will go away with me for a few days". Alessandro gazes at Lisa, his eyes filled with hope, as he poses his question. Lisa looks at him. She doesn't know what to say. 

"I... I.....

###chapter 54

I I would love to go away for a few days with you." Alessandro is relieved when he hears her say those words. Sophia winks at him then says to Lisa. 

"Remember what I told you." With a nod, Lisa gracefully makes her way towards Alessandro. He takes her hand and leads her to the waiting jet. 

"Thank you for agreeing; you don't know how much this means to me. By the way, you look absolutely stunning." Alessandro compliments her. 

"I think I know how much this means to you," Lisa tells him. The flight attendant warmly welcomes them. Lisa noticed it was a new one. 

"I wonder what happened to the other one." Lisa thought that until she heard Alessandro's answer. 

"I fired her just after we came back from South Africa. This is Aurora. Aurora, this is my wife Lisa." Lisa looks at Alessandro. 
"Did I just say that out loud?" Lisa thought. "Yes, you did." Alessandro smiles. Lisa blushes because of her stupidity. 

"Pleasure to finally meet you, Lisa; the guys talk about you a lot." Aurora greets Lisa. 

"O, you know them?" Lisa asks her. 

"It's a long story, but yes, I know them. I'm just helping Alessandro out on this trip until he can find another girl."

"O, okay. A pleasure to meet you too." Lisa kindly said Alessandro leads them to the seats and fastens Lisa's safety belt. 

"She smells so good". Alessandro thought and concentrated hard not to kiss her. He needs to take things slow with her. Lisa notices how hard Alessandro tries not to touch her. It's funny, especially his face. Lisa tries to hold her laughter; she needs to let him work for her forgiveness. Aurora comes and tells them they are about to take off, and soon the plane is in the air. She wonders where they are going but doesn't want to ask Alessandro.

Alessandro noticed Lisa sleeping; he picked her up and went to lay her down on the bed. "Stay with me." He hears her say Alessandro takes his shoes off and lies down next to her. Lisa turned to him and moved into his arms, falling asleep again. Alessandro smiles and then closes his eyes. Lisa woke up needing to use the bathroom. 

"Alessandro, I need to go to the bathroom." She whispers, but Alessandro keeps on sleeping. 

"Alessandro Mancini! Your kids are pressing on my bladder! If you don't let go of me, I'm going to pee in this bed." Alessandro let her go, and Lisa quickly ran to the bathroom. After she's finished, she goes back and finds Alessandro waiting for her. 

"May I take you out on a date?" He asks her Lisa smiles and says, "Of course you can, but we are still in the air."
 
"Luckily for you and me, I have a personal chef on this plane." Alessandro brags, then takes Lisa's hand and leads her to the seats. 

"Can I get you anything, Mr. Mancini?" Aurora plays along. 

"Can I get a bottle of your best champagne?" Alessandro asked. Aurora went to the kitchen and came back with champagne and classes. Lisa and Alessandro enjoy their dinner date. Lisa hasn't laughed so much in a while. 

"We have a few more hours before we land. When you feel tired, you can go to the bedroom." Alessandro tells her. Lisa nods but decides to sit down next to him. 

"Thank you for a lovely dinner. I enjoyed it." Lisa   truthfully. 
 
"I will do anything to make you smile." He whispers, then plants a kiss on her cheek. They sat and chatted for a while when Lisa yawned, "I think I'm going to rest for a while." Alessandro nods and lets her go.
"Lisa, honey, wake up; we are about to land." She hears Alessandro speaking. Lisa woke up and then followed him to fasten her seat belt. When the plane lands, Alessandro and Lisa walk out of the plane. 

"Are we in Hawaii?" Lisa asks Alessandro. 

"Yes, I remember it was on the list you gave me when we went on honeymoon." Alessandro smiles. 

"Wow, I'm sincerely grateful," Lisa expresses with genuine appreciation. They walk to a waiting car, and Alessandro tells the driver where to take them. It's half-past two in the morning. Lisa looks out of the window and notices how beautiful everything looks, even if it is dark. The car stops in front of a huge house. Alessandro opened the door for her, then went to the driver and paid him. 

"Aloha, welcome to beautiful Hawaii," Alessandro warmly greets. Lisa smiles at him, then starts walking towards the house. Alessandro opens the door and watches Lisa's reaction. 

"This place is huge; it's got so much space," Lisa said, expressing her thoughts out loud. 

"Don't tell me this is one of your properties as well."

"No, it's Kevin's property. He told me I could use it for a few days." Alessandro replies to her. Lisa walks further inside; one side of the wall is all made out of glass, giving her the perfect view of the ocean. The entire first floor is an open design with a dining table and what she assumes is a lounge area. She walks to the door leading to the balcony and opens it. Lisa turns around and notices Alessandro watching her every move. 

"Let's go outside for a bit." She asks him. Alessandro walked up to her, and then they both went out. 

Lisa exclaims, "The view is absolutely stunning!" 

"Not as beautiful as the sight in front of me." Lisa turns around to face Alessandro. She stands on her toes and throws her arms around his neck then pulls him closer to her. The kiss is passionate, and after a while, they break the kiss both catching their breaths. 

"I just wanted to say thank you for bringing me here," Lisa tells him. She notices the disappointment in his eyes. She then takes him by the hand, "Show me the bedroom." Alessandro leads her upstairs and opens the door. Lisa watched as Alessandro walks into the bedroom and puts their bags in the corner of the room. He takes something out of his back and then takes his shirt off. Lisa's mouth went dry at the sight of her husband's body. As if her feet have a mind of their own, she walks up to him and puts her hands on his naked body, tracing his six-pack with her nails. 

Alessandro holds her hands and whispers in her ear, "If you don't stop doing that, I will take you right now." 

Lisa looks up at him and says, "Maybe that's what I want." Alessandro raises an eyebrow, asking, "Are you sure that's what you want?" Lisa grabs his face and starts kissing him. 

"You talk too much." That's all Alessandro wanted to hear.
He gently places her in the middle of the bed.
His hands run up her inner thigh pushing up her dress. He impatiently pulls it over her head. When she's free of the dress, he sits back and stares down at her. After what feels like forever he let out a groan. 

"Do you have any idea what you have been doing to me all night?" He shook his head.

"Driving me crazy." He leans down, kisses her down her neck, making sure the only part of him touching her is his lips. 

"So sexy," he mummers against her skin, causing more heat to bloom low in her belly. 

"Alessandro". She says it breathlessly. 

"MMM". He moans against her skin. 

"Please". She gasps as his tongue twirls against her nipple. 

"Please what?" He sucks it into his mouth, and she arches her back, gasping. He lets it go, smirking.

"Please what?" He repeats. 

"I need..." He sucks on the other one. 

"Need what?" He continues his tortured licks. 

"Need you Need you. Now." Alessandro looks up at her and grins. 

"As you wish." True to his word, he does everything she wishes and more. They spent the night tangled with each other. Exploring in ways they never had before.
Lisa woke up to the demands of her bladder. Alessandro spoons her, his arms protectively around her waist. When she moves, he groans and pulls her tighter against him. 

"Alessandro". She whispers. He rubs his head into her hair, ignoring her. 

"Alessandro". She says it again, this time louder. Nothing. 

"Alessandro, I have to pee." She says it louder. His body starts shaking with laughter, and he rolls off her. 

"Jerk". She says this before running to the bathroom.

###chapter 55


Lisa comes out of the bathroom and notices that Alessandro's place is empty. She decides to go down and start making breakfast. Lisa went down the stairs and smelled pancakes. Silently, she tiptoed to the kitchen and discovered Alessandro, shirtless, completely absorbed in preparing a delicious meal. She starts to drool at the sight of her sexy husband. What she will do to him right now is to touch his abs, kiss him all over, and then make sweet love to him right here in the kitchen. 

"Take a picture it lasts longer." Alessandro brought her out of her dirty thoughts. 

"I wasn't staring at you." Lisa plays it off. 

"That's not what the drool from your mouth shows." Lisa wipes her mouth and finds him laughing at her. 

"Wasn't staring my ass." Alessandro laughs. Lisa throws him a dirty look, but her husband only smirks at her. 

"So what are we planning for today?" Lisa changes the subject before she embarrasses herself more. 

"I was thinking maybe we could go down to the beach and take some surfing lessons if you want?" Lisa smiled and nodded. She always wanted to learn how to surf. Alessandro starts dishing for them and Lisa can't wait to dig in. With every bite, she takes Lisa, moans. 

"I can make you moan louder if you don't stop," Alessandro says with lust in his eyes. Lisa stops eating and gives him a toothy smile. 

"Do you think so, Mr. Mancini?" She asks him. 

"Don't push me, Mrs. Mancini, because I will take you and spank you." Lisa's eyes went wide, somehow hearing him say that turns her on. 

"These hormones are driving me crazy!" She thought. "I doubt that these pancakes feed me and the babies; when you have me moaning, I get pregnant." Lisa gives a sassy reply. 

"O really? I didn't hear you complain last night when you begged me to fuck you." Alessandro shot back. Lisa feels her face heat up, remembering last night. 

"So, we probably should get ready if we want to take surfing lessons," Lisa says without looking at her husband. Alessandro only smiles at his wife's shyness. 

"Yes, how about we shower together to save water?" He wiggles his eyebrows. 

Lisa shakes her head, standing up, and walks towards the stairs, saying, "See you in the shower." She says it over her shoulder, then starts running up. She hears a groan and then footsteps behind her. Suddenly, her feet are lifted off the ground. 

"Baboon, put me down!" Lisa shouts. She gasps as she feels a sting on her butt. 

"Did, you just spank me?" She asks shocked. 

"You can say that's for being a smart ass." He shrugs it off.

Lisa and Alessandro walk hand in hand down to the beach. "Good morning, Mr. Mancini. Are you and your wife ready to surf?" A well-built, dark haired man asks Alessandro. 

"Good morning, Alex, yes we are ready, but please remember that this is my wife's first time, and she's expecting." Alex looks over to Lisa and smiles. 

"You don't have to worry about a thing, she's in good hands," Alex assures him. Alex teaches Lisa the basics not in water but on the beach. Lisa feels stupid but does as she's told. Soon they went into the water. Alessandro watches as Alex learns Lisa to surf and gets jealous when he saw his hands on his wife. 

"I think I will take it from here, thank you, Alex." Alessandro let him go. Alex nods then turns to Lisa. 

"Good luck and congratulations to the baby." Lisa nods and thanks him, then she turns to Alessandro with her hands on her heaps. 

"What was that all about"? She asks him. Alessandro shrugs, "I didn't like the way he was touching my wife." Lisa rolls her eyes, "He didn't do it on purpose, he's trying to teach me to surf."
 
"Still I don't like another man touching what's mine." Lisa just shakes her head. She can't believe he's that jealous. 

"Besides I can teach you."
 
"O? Do you know how to surf?" Lisa questions him. 

"Yup, come I will show you if you don't believe me." Lisa watches as Alessandro takes his board and swims further in. She watches as a big wave comes up and Alessandro gets ready. 

"Wow, I never thought he could surf," Lisa says out loud. That morning Alessandro teaches Lisa to surf. After some time surfing, Lisa's stomach growls. 

"Looks like somebody's hungry. Let's go and feed you guys." Lisa and Alessandro walk to a restaurant not far from the beach. They enjoy lunch and then Lisa says she feels tired. 

"Let's get you to bed. You're meant to be taking a rest." Alessandro says and then picks her up. 

"I can walk you know?"

"I know, but I like to carry you." Come to his reply. Lisa snuggles into his chest and falls asleep.
When Lisa wakes up she finds a note on her bed stand. 

"I have already prepared a relaxing bath for you. On the chair is a dress I want you to wear. When you are finished, go to the kitchen." She reads the note. Lisa stood up and went to the bathroom. True to his word, she finds the tub full of candles and rose pedals. Lisa takes her clothes off and relaxes in the bath. When her hands and fingers become pruned, she gets out and takes the towel. Walking back to the bedroom she takes a look at the dress and decides on what lingerie to wear. Then she does her makeup, and lastly, she gets dressed. The dress is a strapless white dress that reaches her knees. She wears her silver high heels. She walks down to the kitchen and finds another note with a rose. 

"Now that you are dressed, go to the backyard and follow the trail." She reads the note out loud. 

"What are you up to Mancini?" She ponders aloud. She walks to the back door and sees the rose petals and lights making a path she decided to follow the path, and then sees a sign, "I was such a fool." 

She reads then continues, "I wish I never let you go. I promise to make it up to you every day for the rest of our lives." 

Lisa smiled then continued, "I have so many reasons why I love you. You have such a kind heart." Lisa now wonders what he's up to. Just a few steps ahead, she reads, "Number 2. You always put others first." 

Then another one. "You always see the good side in every situation." Lisa continues walking and reads all the reasons why he loves her, then she reaches the end and sees a small tent in the middle of a heart shape made out of rose pedals. Lisa walks towards the tent but doesn't see Alessandro. 

"Lisa, there are so many reasons why I love you, and to name each one is going to take me a lifetime. I know I messed up the day I left you. I should've trusted you, but I was afraid. You have taught me to be blind, don't define who you are. You stood by my side even when I was rude to you." Lisa hears Alessandro say and looks around. 

"You never gave up on me, that night on our honeymoon you gave me your most precious gift that night and when we came back I treated you poorly. I want you to know that that night was the best night of my entire life. I have done so many wrongs that I will need a lifetime to show you how much I regret everything I have done to you." Lisa searched for him, then she saw him walking toward her with a huge bouquet of red roses and people started bringing more roses. 

"I can only hope that you will give me a chance to show you how much I love you, how much I regret everything. Between all of these roses is a fake one. I will love you till the last one dies." Lisa watches as they bring thousands of roses to her. Alessandro walks up to her where she's surrounded by roses. 

"Lisa," Alessandro said, then goes down on one knee. 

"Will you please marry me again?" Lisa looks down at Alessandro with tears in her eyes. She loves him. He's showing how much he regrets what he has done. But will she be able to trust him again?

###chapter 56



Alessandro waits nervously for Lisa to reply. "Yes, yes!! A Thousand times yes." Lisa laughs and then bent down to him.

"I thought for a moment you're going to say no," Alessandro says relieved. He leans in and kisses her. Lisa let out a moan.

"Thank you. You have just made me the happiest man alive." Alessandro says as he pulls away. He takes her hand and helps her up. They walk hand in hand back to the tent. A waiter brings them the campaign.

"To us. May we grow old together." Alessandro toast.

"To us," Lisa replies with a smile. They eat and then Alessandro asks her to dance. They slow dance between all the roses.

"I want to marry you as soon as possible". Alessandro whispers against her neck.

"Mmm, that sounds like a plan." Lisa smiles dreamily. Alessandro holds her by the shoulder and looks into her eyes.
."How about tomorrow?" He asks.

"I will in a heartbeat but this time I want to do things right. I want my family to be there as well." Lisa tells him. Alessandro smirks, then he takes his phone out and makes a call.

"You can come." Lisa frowns at what he said, then she hears her grandfather.

"You didn't think I'm going to miss this? Did you?" Lisa turns and sees her family and Alessandro's family and friends standing behind her. She looks back at Alessandro.

"You You planned this?" She asks surprised. Alessandro rubs the back of his neck.

"Yes, I know how much this would mean to you, so I asked Sophia and Gabriele to arrange everything." Lisa gives him a big smile and jumps into his arms. "Thank you so much. This means the world to me. But how did you know I would say yes?" She asks.

"I didn't, I was taking a chance on us." Comes his reply. Lisa kissed him forgetting about everything around them.

"Uhm, we are all here watching you guys, can you please get a room"? They hear Kevin say.

"Yes, my virgin eyes." Jake also comments. Everyone starts laughing at Jake. Lisa went and greeted everyone.

"O honey, I'm so happy for you. And I'm going to be a great-grandfather." Lisa's grandpa says then rubs Lisa's slightly swollen tummy.

"Alright, let's get back to the house," Johnny says. Lisa looks at Johnny and runs to him.

"I'm so glad you are here," Lisa says as she hugs him.

"Keep your hands off my woman," Alessandro says.

"Wow, dude! She actually gave me a hug!" Johnny defends. Lisa just laughs at Alessandro. Suddenly, she catches a glimpse of Aurora, observing Johnny intently.

"Mmm, this is interesting". She thought. They all walk back up to the house. Lisa can't believe her grandfather is here.

Everyone sits outside because Kevin suggests having a BBQ. Now they listen to music and everyone is chatting.

"Lisa, would you like to dance with me?" JP her cousin asks her. "Let's show them how we South-Africans have a BBQ and dance.

"We don't have our music here," Lisa tells him.

"Don't worry, he has already given me a few examples of what to play," Jake reassures. Lisa listens and recognizes Dirk Van Der Westhuizen's song Fairy Tale. "This is my favorite".


Lisa sings along. Alessandro observes with admiration as she gracefully dances with JP.

"Wow, they are perfect even the music just a pity I don't understand a word the guy is singing," Kevin says to them. Marna smiles, I will put everything in English subtitles, and then you can understand what he's saying, but it's not the same." Marna tells them.
After the song ends, Lisa walks up to Alessandro.

"You are a great dancer." Alessandro gives her a sincere compliment. "Thank you, my father taught me from a young age," Lisa says smiling as she recalls the memories.

"I think I'm going to learn Afrikaans," Alessandro informs her. Lisa looks up at him and smiles.

"That would be great." Grandpa stands up and walks to Lisa.

"I'm going to steal her for a moment. I hope you remember how to two-step." Grandpa says.

"She's all yours grandpa." Alessandro smiles. Lisa takes her grandfather's hand and then JP plays a klipwerf song on. Lisa and grandpa enjoy the dance.

"For an old man, he sure can move." Jake comments.

"I think I must learn how to dance like that," Aurora says.

"My brother can teach you, right JP?"

"Yes, no problem, come let me teach you." Aurora takes JP's hand and starts teaching her. Lisa looks at Johnny and notices how jealous he gets.

"Oh, is someone feeling a twinge of jealousy?" Lisa teases him.

"What! No, I'm not. I'm just watching." Johnny says through gritted teeth. Lisa laughs.

"If you want I can also teach you, that way both can dance together." Lisa offers.

"Sign me up". Kevin sticks his hand up.

"Me also". Jake also says.

"Alright," suggests Lisa. "Marna can teach Jake, and I will take care of teaching Kevin." She notices how Marna blushes when she hears what Lisa said.

"Great let's get the next song. Do you want to two-step or "Sokkie"?

"What's a "Sokkie?" Kevin asked. "Well it's like a close dance, but you dance fast and do turns and swings. Just like JP and I did." Lisa tries her best to explain.

"That "Sokkie" one." Jake and Kevin both replied. Lisa and Marna taught them how to dance, and soon they got it. She walks over to Alessandro where he is talking to grandpa.

"Do you also want to learn?" Lisa asks him. Alessandro stands up and takes her hand, "Of course, you are a great teacher. Looks like Kevin and Jake are enjoying it." Alessandro says nodding in the guys' direction. Lisa asks JP to put a special song on for them. Karlien van Jaarsveld Hande starts to play.


Alessandro smiles as he listens to the word. They danced and chatted for a while; everyone seems to enjoy the night singing and dancing. Alessandro gets up and tells them they have a big day tomorrow. Everyone said goodnight and went to their bedrooms. Lisa went into the bathroom to take a shower. She thinks about last night. She never thought that making love could bring so much pleasure just thinking about it turns her on. She's lost in thought that she didn't hear him come in but when she turns around she sees him leaning against the counter watching her. "What are you doing? What are you thinking that got you smiling?"


"Come join me and I will show you". He drops his clothes and joins her.

"So, what did you want to show me?" He asks her.

"Nothing. I just needed you to wash my back." He started to tickle her, and she laughed so hard her side started to hurt.


"You little tease. Can you please hand me the sponge?" After applying soap, she passed him the sponge. He turns her around and moves her hair out of the way and starts washing her back. He moves down her legs then back up to her ass. He ditches the sponge and starts using his hands.
He washes all around her ass and between her legs. After he feels that it's clean, he uses the shower head and rinses her. Then he goes down on his knees and spreads her legs.

"What are you doing?"

"Put your hands on the wall". Lisa did as she's told. She let her head fall forward as he started licking her, then he slides a finger inside her and continues to lick her. Alessandro got her so excited and ready to explode. He slides another finger in her and starts rubbing her clit. Lisa comes quickly and hard. Her legs come unsteady, and she slides down to the floor. Alessandro smiles at her. He stands up and helps her up. He smashes his lips onto hers. Lisa lets out a moan and wraps her legs around his waist. Alessandro pumps in and out of her.

"O my God, faster." Lisa moans. Alessandro picks up his pace and pumps harder and faster.

"Alessandro". Lisa screams and both of them come together.
"That was amazing". Alessandro says. They wash then go to bed.

"I love you, Alessandro." Lisa said as she lay in his arms.

"I love you too." Lisa fell asleep knowing that she and Alessandro will be a family.

###chapter 57



Lisa woke up the following day with his arms wrapped around her. She turns around and sees Alessandro sleeping peacefully. She starts tracing his face, then rubs her finger on his lips. She stops when he moves and notices that he's just in his briefs, and her hands automatically trace his six-pack down to his V line.

"God must have taken his time the day he made him." Lisa thought. Suddenly, her hands get snatched.

"If you keep doing that, you must just put Alessandro Jr. to sleep again." She hears him say it in a raspy morning voice.

"Even his voice turns her on this early. Dammit, she's hot all over." She thinks.

She looks up at him and smirks. "O really? You will have to wait till after the wedding." She teases him and gets up, only to be grabbed and pinned down by Alessandro.

"O, you're going to finish what you started." He says this, looking at her with lust in his eyes.

"We can't; our family and friends are here, and they will hear us." Lisa tries to distract him.

"Mm, you didn't mind last night." Alessandro reminds her.


He bends down, starts sucking on her neck, and lets one hand slip under her shirt, moving up to her breast. Lisa let out a moan when he took her nipple between two fingers.

"Alessandro." She moans.

Alessandro smirks against her skin; he then slowly takes his hand and moves down until he reaches her pants. He sits up and rips the pants off. He was just about to spread her legs when the bedroom door opened.

"O fuck!" Sophia screams, and then Gabriele comes rushing in with a baseball bat.

"What happened?" He asks Sophia.

"She forgot how to knock," Alessandro says, annoyed that she interrupted them. Sophia glared at Alessandro.

"Can't you keep it in your pants until tonight? Lisa is running behind schedule." Sophia says with a flushed face. She didn't know they would go down on each other this early. Lisa covered herself with the bedsheet, feeling embarrassed.

"What's going..." Kevin and the others appear.

"OOO, you caught them doing the dirty work." Kevin laughs.

"Out! Everyone!" Alessandro shouts, and they all turn around to leave, but Kevin looks over his shoulder and winks at them. Lisa stood up and walked to the bathroom.

"Well, that was embarrassing." She comments. Shower and get ready. At the table, Lisa feels everyone's eyes on her. When she looks up, Kevin smirks at her. She rolls her eyes at him.

"Okay, we need to finish. The guys go with Gabriele, and the girls go with me." Sophia breaks the silence. Everyone nods, and soon after breakfast, they depart.
"How did he pull off a wedding on such short notice?" Lisa asked where she was busy getting ready for her wedding.

"Did you forget that his name is Alessandro Mancini? He needs to make one phone call, and everyone jumps." Sophia laughs.

"Yeah, I still need to get used to that." Lisa answered. Sophia, Aurora, and Marna are her bridesmaids, and Lilani is the flower girl. Gabriele is Alessandro's best man, and Johnny, Kevin, and Jake are the groomsmen.


After the make-up artist finished Lisa's hair and make-up, she stood up to where Sophia was with her wedding dress. Lisa got dressed and then walked to the mirror. The dress is an A-Line Off Shoulder Sweep / Brush Train Chiffon Cap Sleeve with Lace Insert Split. Her hair was braided to one side, with white roses pinned in her braid. Her make-up has a smokey effect and is very lightly applied.

"You look beautiful, Lisa," Marna tells her.

"Yes, Alessandro will surely have a heart attack seeing you walk down the aisle," Sophia says. Lisa looks at her bridesmaids; they are wearing strapless floor-length A-line ombre blue dresses. Their hair was curled and hanging loose.

"You guys look beautiful," Lisa tells them. Lilani comes out of the bathroom with her toddler girls' sweet party ocean blue embroidered sequins bow layered sleeveless dress. She twirls and asks.

"How do I look?" Lisa and the other three laughed.

"You look stunning," Lisa says to her. Lilani smiles and walks to Lisa.

"Are we done yet? Ali is waiting."

"Almost; let's put our sandals on," Sophia says, giving everyone theirs. All the sandals are the same design except for the colors. Lisa's is white, and the other's is blue. There's a knock on the door; when the door opens, Johnny and Grandpa appear.

"You look beautiful, lady." Grandpa and Johnny compliment them.

"Are you ready? Alessandro is getting nervous out there." Grandpa jokes.

"Yes, come on girls, let's go; Lisa and Grandpa will follow," Sophia tells the girls. After they left, Grandpa walked up to Lisa.

"You look beautiful. Your parents would've been proud to see you today." Grandpa says, holding her shoulders.

"Thank you, Grandpa." Lisa smiles sadly, with tears about to spill.

"No, you are not going to cry. You will ruin your makeup." Grandpa tells her.

"Are you ready to get married to your husband"? Lisa smiles and says, "More than ready." Lisa replies. Grandpa offers her his arm, and they walk out. Lisa stood outside with her bouquet. The guys are dressed in black jackets, white shirts, and tan pants that are rolled up and barefoot.

"Okay, we are ready to play the song," Sophia informs JP. Then Shania Twain's From this moment starts playing. "Remember, walk slowly," Sophia whispered, then walked out with the others following her. Lisa took her grandfather's hand and started walking towards her waiting groom.

From this moment, life has begun
From this moment, you are the one
Right beside you is where I belong
From this moment on,
She looks at the simple decorations. A few chairs for the handful of people who are here.
She couldn't keep the smile off her face as she watched her husband.
Alessandro was watching her and couldn't believe that he had found the one that was meant for him. He will do anything to keep her safe and happy.
I give my hand to you with all my heart.
I can't wait to live my life with you. I can't wait to start
You and I will never be apart
My dreams came true because of you
Alessandro looks at his beautiful wife. He can't take his eyes off her.
From this moment, as long as I live
I will love you; I promise you this
There is nothing I wouldn't give
From this moment on
Lisa and her Grandfather reached the altar. This is it. The moment they declare their love for each other in front of their family

As long as I live from this moment on
Grandpa shakes his hand and says, "Take good care of her."

Alessandro responds with a smile, "Yes, sir." Lisa takes his hand, and he whispers. "You look beautiful." They stand in front of the official who will marry them.
"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today in the sight of God to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony. Not to be entered into lightly, holy matrimony should be entered into solemnly and with reverence and honor. In this sacred agreement, these two people come together to be joined. If any person here can show cause why these two people should not be joined in holy matrimony, speak now or forever hold your peace.
Marriage is a sacred union between husband and wife and shall remain unbroken. It is the basis of a stable and loving relationship and is the joining of two hearts, bodies, and souls. The husband and wife are there to support one another and provide love and care in times of joy and adversity.

We are all here today to witness the joining in the wedded bliss of Alessandro and Lisa. This joyous day celebrates the commitment and love with which Alessandro and Lisa start their lives together. Through God, you are joined together in the holiest of bonds. Who gives this woman in holy matrimony to this man?

"I do," Grandpa says.
"The groom and bride have written their vows." The official says
"Lisa Mari Saunders, I have loved you since before I knew it was love. I've loved you since the day you screamed at me when we first met; I loved you even when we were apart for those few days. I couldn't believe that this feisty brunette had it in her to stand up for herself against me. I knew at that moment that it would be you and me forever. We had a lot to overcome, and I want to say that I admire and respect the hell out of you. You are the strongest person I know, and I'm eternally grateful to be your husband. I will show your love, appreciation, and respect every day of our lives. And I can't wait to raise our family together. I love you, Lisa."
Tears ran down her face. She clears her throat.
"I should've gone first." Everyone laughs.








###chapter 58
"Alessandro Mason Mancini, you saved me in more ways than one. You took my sister and me in. You love her as your own; I admire your willingness to take me with my package. If it wasn't for you, I might not be here today, so for that, I must thank you. When we were apart, my heart broke into a million pieces; I thought, with time, I would fix it, but I was wrong. I could never fix it without you. And that is because you, Alessandro, are my heart. You make me happy. You bring joy, passion, and love into my life, and for that, I will forever be grateful. You'll be an amazing husband and father, and I can't wait to spend our lives together. I love you, Alessandro."
Lisa takes her thumb and wipes the tears running down his face.
The minister finishes up, and once they both say I do, Alessandro kisses her. Soon there are haulers and hoots along with clapping. He pulls away and looks her in the eyes.


"I can't wait for later. I got all sorts of plans for you, Mrs. Mancini." He smirks.

"I can't wait, Mr. Mancini." With that, his eyes go dark, and he kisses her again. This time it's short but hot.

The guests all get drinks and mingle. At the same time, the wedding party takes some pictures. When they are done, everyone sits down for dinner, and it's time to start the party.

."Will the bride and groom please come to the dance floor." Jake announced. Lisa and Alessandro walk to the dance floor. Christina Perri, a thousand years, starts to play.

"I will love you till my last breath," Alessandro whispers. Lisa looked up and smiled.

"And I will love you till my last breath." They dance until the song ends.

"I have a surprise for you," Alessandro tells her. He nods to Jake, and a 3-D image looks like her father.

"May I have this dance"? Grandpa asks. Lisa nods, looking at the image of her father following until it's on Grandpa. Michael Bolton's father and daughters never say goodbye and begin to play with photos of her and her father showing up in the dark sky.
If I could catch a star for you,
I swear I'd steal them all tonight.
To make your every wish come true
And every dream for all your life.
Lisa starts to cry softly. "I wish he was here, grandpa."

"I know, honey, but he will always be in your heart. I know he's looking down at you right now, smiling. He knows how beautiful you look today and that you married a wonderful man." Grandpa soothes her.

"He would've been proud of the woman you are today." Lisa cries, holding on to her grandfather. All the guests looked at the pictures, and Lisa danced with tears running down their faces. "This was very thoughtful of you, Alessandro," Johnny says.

"Thank you. I know how much she wishes that her father was here today, and I thought I would do this that somehow he will be here." He watches his wife holding her grandfather, crying. As the song ends, the image of her father walks into the sea and waves goodbye. Lisa looked up again, and there was a picture of her mother and father. Alessandro walks up to her.

"Thank you for doing this. It was very special." Lisa thanked him.
Later in the evening, Lisa and Alessandro greet everyone. He picks her up and walks up to the waiting car.

"We are going to spend the night at a hotel," Alessandro tells her when she looks at him, confused. Today was the best day of her life. Everything was perfect.

###chapter 59

It's been seven months since Lisa and Alessandro got married. Things have been going great between them. The day after they were married, Alessandro took her to Greece for two weeks when they got to know each other better. 

They spent many hours naked and just enjoying each other. However, they also did go sightseeing and spent lots of time at the beach or in the pool. Grandpa stayed with them until after Christmas and promised to come and visit again. Lilani is now speaking Italian like a pro. Alessandro and the guys learned Afrikaans. 

They struggled in the beginning, but after a few months, they finally nailed it. Marna and Jake exchanged numbers at the wedding and now talk every single day. He even flew down to South Africa a few times to visit her. Johnny and Aurora still haven't confessed their feelings for each other. They pretend they don't like each other to everyone's frustration. Kevin is still single saying he's not ready for commitment and enjoys his bachelor life too much to be tied down and grandma and grandpa visit them often they can't wait to meet their great-grandchildren.

"Baby, are you sure you are up to host this dinner". Alessandro asks his very pregnant wife. 

"Yes baby, besides it would be great having everyone here. It's been how long since we all had dinner together." Lisa says to him. 

Alessandro wraps his arms around Lisa and kisses her on the cheek. "You know I can't wait for the Triplets to be born. I'm curious about the gender. Alessandro says while rubbing her belly. 

"Yeah? But you were the one that said we must wait until birth." Lisa reminds him. Lisa and Alessandro have made the nursery look like something out of a storybook. These three are going to be spoiled by their great-grandfather, aunts, and uncles. Lisa's due date is fast approaching, and they have everyone over for a grill before the babies arrive. She's been very lucky and so far has had a relatively easy pregnancy. To Alessandro, Lisa makes pregnancy look damn sexy. Right now she's busy licking ice cream, and it's taking everything in him not to kick everyone out, so he can take her right now on that sofa.
 
He walks up to her and whispers exactly what he's thinking.
"Well, I hate to break it to you, Hulk, but I don't think that's happening."

"Wow, way to shoot a man down"
Lisa turns around and wraps her arms around his neck. 

"That won't be happening because I've been having contractions for the last half an hour, and now they are closer together. We're going to meet our babies soon".

"What? Why didn't you say anything?"
 
"Because I wanted to make sure they were the real thing and not Braxton hicks like two weeks ago."
They stand up and tell everyone. "You guys go. We'll clean up here, and I will take Lilani to my house." Johnny says.
 
"Call us when you know what's going on. We can't wait to find out the genders of the babies." Aurora hugs Lisa and so does everyone else. We go inside and grab the bags. 

"Are you ready?" Alessandro asks as they head out to the car. 

"I'm a little nervous but beyond excited to hold them in my arm."

"You'll be great, and I will be there with you the entire time. You can hit me, cuss me or do whatever you think of. I will take it".

Lisa laughs. "I might just take you up on that".
"How much longer before I can push them out?" Lisa growled out as another contraction hit. 

"Soon, Mrs. Mancini, you're almost delated." The nurse tells Lisa.
Just then another contraction hits, and she grabs Alessandro's hand squeezing the life out of it. Lisa hates needles, that's why she decided on natural birth, but now she regrets making that decision.
 
"Okay, Lisa, it looks like you're ready to push." To Lisa's great relief, the doctor delivers the news.
She doesn't know how long she's been pushing when she finally feels pressure down there followed by the sound of her baby crying. 

"Okay, Lisa push when you are ready, baby number two is ready to come out." The doctor says.
Lisa was exhausted. Pushing one baby out is hard enough but three? That shit is crazy. 

"You were so amazing, Lisa". Alessandro looks down at her with so much adoration.
 
"Mr. and Mrs. Mancini, meet your boys." The doctor says bringing all three of their boys. 

"They are beautiful just like their mother," Alessandro says admiring his three boys. 

"Have you decided on names?" The doctor asks them. Lisa nods. 

"Baby number one's name will be Alexander Marcello Mancini." Lisa looks at their firstborn. He also has black hair like his father and his brown eyes. They decided to name him after Alessandro's father. 

"Baby number two Gabriele Mason Mancini". He also has his father's black hair but his mother's blue eyes. Alessandro asked to name one son after his brother and him. 

"Baby number three Johannes Petrus (JP)". He looks like Lisa's with brown hair and blue eyes. Lisa named him after her father and grandfather. 

"They are perfect". Lisa smiles looking at her three handsome sons. 

"Yes, just like their mother". Alessandro says.
Alessandro went to inform their family and friends about the details, but they requested a few moments alone with the Triplets before welcoming visitors.

"You want to hold them?" Lisa asks Alessandro. 
 
He shook his head. "I don't want to drop them."
 
"You won't, here take Alexander". She said handing him over.
He looked a little scared at first but a few minutes later it was like his instinct kicked in as he swayed from one side to another and cooed at him. This right here, getting to see the four people who mean the most to Lisa in this world is something she would never forget.
 
"We should probably let everyone in. The sooner they see them, the sooner they can head home so that you can rest." Alessandro suggests.

"Okay". She says taking Alexander, so he can let their family and friends in.
A few minutes later he was back with everyone in a line and Lisa's room was packed. 

"Where are my grand babies?" Grandma asked as soon as she entered. 

"They are beautiful, I'm going to spoil them rotten." Grandpa says smiling. 

"Come, let's take a look at the mini Mancini's." Kevin says enthusiastically. Lisa chuckles and Alessandro hands the boys. 

"They are precious." Aurora beamed.

"I know, I can't believe we made them". Lisa smiled and leaned her head on Alessandro.

"Me neither." He says wrapping his arms around her kissing her on top of the head. They watch as the boys get passed one by one family member to the next. Lisa felt exhausted and thankfully Alessandro noticed and kicked everyone out. 

"It's been a long day and Lisa needs to get some rest. Maybe you guys can come back sometime tomorrow." He suggested.
 
"I don't want to give them back." Aurora pouted. She had had JP for the last five minutes, refusing to give him back. 

"Come on Aurora, they had a long day." Johnny tried getting her to hand him over. 

"Wait just a little while longer." She insists.
 
"We're going to get going, I will see you in the morning," Sophia says kissing her cheek.

"Thanks". Lisa smiles.

"You did good, little one," Kevin said hugging her. 
"Congratulations, my friend." He did the whole man shake with Alessandro.
 
"We are all going to go, call us when you're up for visitors," Jake says hugging her.
 
"I will". Lisa hugged him back.
Johnny also hugs her before leaving with Aurora.
Now it's just her and her four boys.

###chapter 60

Three months have passed since Lisa gave birth to the triplets. Everything has been going great, the boys are angels. Lisa thought it would be hard to have triplets, but they proved her wrong. Alessandro is a loving father and helps Lisa a lot during the night. He will help Lisa feed and change diapers. Lisa is grateful for a husband like him. Lilani couldn't believe that her sister had three babies in her belly and wanted to know if she stole the other two. She fell in love with them instantly. The guys mocked and to Lisa, she's got problems coming when they are all grown up. She must admit she's outnumbered with four Mancini men in her household. Grandpa was excited when he heard that all three are boys and promised to come and visit soon. 

"Maria I'm going to go to the shop to get milk and diapers for the boys. Will you be alright with them alone?" Lisa asks her. 

"Si, Mrs. Mancini, we will be alright," Maria assures her boss. 

"I won't be long, Mr. Mancini will be here shortly." Lisa kissed her boys and went to the garage. She decides to take the Audi e Tron. She calls Alessandro to let him know she's going to the shop and to hear if he needs anything, but his phone goes straight to voice mail. 

"Hey baby, I'm just on my way to the shop. Let me know if you need anything. I love you." Lisa leaves a message. Lisa was almost at the shop when something hit her on her side of the car. Everything happened in slow motion.

Alessandro just got out of the meeting and decides to call it a night. He misses Lisa and the boys. He can't imagine his life without his family. He calls Antonio telling him to bring the car to the front. On his way home he notices he has a voice mail from Lisa. He listens to it and smiles. He quickly dials her number. Tut... tut...tut... That's strange, he thought. He calls home. 

"Mancini residents, how can I help you". Maria's voice comes through. "Maria, can I talk to Mrs. Mancini"
 
"I'm sorry Sir but Mrs. Mancini left more than an hour ago and still didn't return. I thought she was with you," Maria informs him. 

"Thank you, Maria. When she gets home please let me know." Alessandro calls Sophia and asks her if Lisa is with her only to hear she's not there. Worry begins to settle within him. He calls the guys and tells them that Lisa's nowhere to be found. 

"We are on our way. Maybe she's at the park we will find her." Johnny calms Alessandro. 

"I will check the shops near your house. "Thank you. Let me know as soon as one of you finds her." Alessandro asks Antonio to drive to the shop where Lisa usually goes. 

"Please Lisa be okay," Alessandro whispers. They drive towards the shop and come across an ambulance. The police stopped every car driving in that direction. Alessandro got out of the car just as Johnny pulled up. 

"Excuse me officer what has happened here?" Johnny asks the chief. 

"Sir, please keep your distance as a terrible accident has happened here as you can see." The chief explains.
The body was placed in a black bag ready to be taken away. Alessandro decides to go back to the car as he needs to find Lisa. Something doesn't feel right and all of a sudden he hears. 

"Lisa"! Alessandro turns around to be met by a scene he wasn't expecting to see. Everything stopped, and he was in great pain. 

"O God no! No! Please wake up!" Kevin shouts. The guys have tears in their eyes while running a hand through their hair. Alessandro runs to the body. He needs to see and make sure that there's some kind of mistake.

His world stopped. Everything stopped. The one thing he had cherished has been taken away from him. He held her to him tightly and cried hard. He unleashed all of his emotions. He cried so hard he was shaking. 

"No il Mio amore, please wake up. Please! I love you!" Alessandro shouts. 

"We made plans, we have three baby boys who need you! I need you!" Alessandro was inconsolable. He held her body close to him, not wanting to let go; it wasn't time to let go. He keeps on muttering please come back over and over again while he sat on the ground.

"Sir, we need to take the body away now." The paramedic says. Alessandro wasn't moving or saying a word. Johnny and Jake came to lift him off the ground only to be pushed away. 

"No! Leave me the fuck alone! She's not de... dea..." It was hard for him to say the word dead. For him, that word shouldn't be in his vocabulary. Ever.
In the end, they succeeded in picking him up and letting the paramedics take Lisa's body.
Kevin drives them back to the mansion while Johnny informs the others. They were all devastated and upset.
 
Everyone was at Alessandro's mansion. They all are in shock by the news. Johnny tells Alessandro that he will call Lisa's family to inform them. 

"Thank you"? Alessandro couldn't handle it. It all became too much for him. He went upstairs to his bedroom. Taking hold of her picture where they hold the triplets. 

"Why!" He shouts and slums down to the floor. Rocking himself back and forth.
 
"Ali? Ali?" Lilani quietly calls as she takes in the scene in front of her. 

"Why are you crying? Where's my sister". Alessandro couldn't answer her. How does he tell her she lost her only sister. He shakes his head. 

"Lilani, baby girl," Sophia calls softly. 

"Aunt Sophia, why are you crying? And Ali?" She touches his hair.

"Oh, sweetie, come here." Lilani shook her head, but Sophia took her in her arms. 

"Lilani" Sophia says but Lilani pushes away from her.
 
"No aunt Sophia. Where's my sister?" 

"Oh God," Sophia murmurs, her voice trembling as her emotions overcome her, and tears pour down her face in a torrent. 

"She... she'sideadead Gone to heaven". Sophia knew she couldn't keep it a secret from her. She's going to find out sooner or later.

Lilani ran back to Alessandro and cried so hard. Sophia didn't want to do anything, so she walked out of the room.

"Ali... Lisa will be okay? Won't she?" She was sobbing uncontrollably. Alessandro picks her up onto his lap and lets the tears fall.

Lisa, you have taken everything away from me. Loving you is something I never get bored with. I just want to see you. Hold you. Hug you. Touch you. Cuddle with you. Kiss you. Love you.
Everyone is concerned about Alessandro. They know how much he loves Lisa.

In the meantime
"Now I can have my rightful place as the real Mrs. Mancini, not some low-life Bitch.
Everything went perfectly as planned, and we succeeded in getting rid of her. Sebastian is such a genius." Bianca thinks. Yes, she's out on bail. They don't have enough evidence to link her with Lisa's kidnapping. She laid low for a while. Watching Alessandro and his so-called wife. She hired Sebastian to help her. He's the best assassin in Italy. She hired him to take Lisa out, but he said he got another way to do it.

Honestly, she doesn't know what went down at the scene. When the truck crashed into Audi she only prayed that the damage was enough to kill Lisa.
Bianca calls Sebastian. 

"What do you want?" He asks.

"I told you to make sure her brats and sister were with her." Bianca calmly says to him.

"Well, I got rid of your biggest problem. What more do you want?"
 
"Just make sure no one finds out this wasn't an accident". Bianca says.

"Don't worry, I know what I'm doing."

"Good". Bianca hangs up. 

"Oh I'm such a sinner. Haha,". She laughs evil.
Now my dear Alessandro I will slowly make you pay for what you and your friends did to my father. You will regret the day you messed with me.

###chapter 61

Everyone came. Alessandro had Lisa's family come with his private jet. His family and their friends, everyone came. Sadly this is the day of Lisa's funeral. Minutes later, three limousines arrive at the mansion. Everyone steps in side the limousines. Alessandro and Sophia have triplets with them. 

Alessandro dreads this day. He wishes Lisa was here with him and the boys. How will he raise them without her? How must he continue without her? He never thought he would love someone as much as he loves Lisa. She was his sunshine during the stormy dark days in his life. She's the reason he wakes up every morning, but now it all seems impossible without her by his side.

The family arrived at the funeral location where the funeral would take place. The atmosphere not only looks gloomy but feels gloomy. Everywhere he looks there are no smiles. 

"I hate this. Why did she have to die." Alessandro was tough as he went to sit in front. The flowers are white Lilies, as this was Lisa's favorite. Alessandro repositions him in the uncomfortable seats. The moment he looks up, he notices the coffin in front of him. The coffin is open so that he can see his wife one last time. But that's something he doesn't want to do. On each side of the coffin stand large white candles. Above the coffin is a photo of Lisa. 

Alessandro looks down at his children. They don't even know what's happening all three are sleeping peacefully.

The pastor begins the ceremonies.
"Psalm 23 says: "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want. He makes me lie down in green pastures. He leads me beside still waters. He restores my soul. He leads me in paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies; you anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life, and I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever".

My name is John Sinclair, and I am one of the pastors at St Maria. On behalf of the family, I would like to welcome you as we have gathered here together today to remember Lisa Mancini.
Alessandro tunes out he can't do this. Lisa's not dead. She can't be! She needs to wake up. Alessandro registers when he hears the pastor say. "Let's pray".

"Father God, help us to know that no matter what you love us. Help us all walk through this difficult time in the valley of the shadow of death. Help us to be aware of your presence here with us today and every day. In the silence of this hour speak to us of eternal things, that through your love and the comfort of the Scriptures we may have hope, and be lifted above our darkness and distress into the light and peace of your presence. We ask this all in the name of your son, Jesus. Amen"

"Let's all sing Kumbaya, my Lord."
Family and friend give their testimony. Alessandro stands up and walks to the front. He looks at the coffin.

"When I try to take a break and relax in my busy life, my heart, it does ache,
and all I think is how I miss my wife. It hurts me so badly, all this pain inside, thinking of the love we had and the tears I have cried. I think of the places that we went to, how I love you with all my heart and all the things we didn't get to do,
but most of all how we have been torn apart. I miss you so much and love you still. I did not want to let you go, but I told myself it was God's will. Every day I see things you've done.
It is lonely without you here. I try to be strong for our wonderful son's
but all I can do is drink another beer". Alessandro cries as he reads the poem.

Everyone left to the graveyard where Lisa will be laid to rest. Everyone at the service was inconsolable, quiet sobs could be heard here and there.
The pastor stands in front of the coffin. 

"Give him, o Lord, your peace and let your eternal + light shine upon him. Amen."

"Let us go in the peace of the Lord".
Everyone cries as the coffin slowly goes down with Donna Taggart's Jealous of the angel's plays.
I didn't know today would be our last
Or that I'd have to say goodbye to you so fast
I'm so numb, I can't feel anymore
Praying' you'd just walk back through that door.
And tell me that I was only dreaming
You're not gone as long as I believe
After the funeral, everyone left leaving Alessandro alone at the graveside. 
"I've never loved anyone like you baby, you are my life, my morning sun and the light that brightens my night. No one can replace you. In my heart, your name is engraved.
All I want is you. I want to be where you are. To me, you are not dead but alive. Through every breath that I take, I can feel it, my love.
I see you every time I look at our son's. I still want a daughter that looks exactly like you. I'm not going to let go, I'm not ready to let go, and I know that this is not the end.
Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you helps me sleep. And being with you keeps me alive. What do I have now? Do you miss me as I miss you? I miss you so much it's killing me, Lisa. The wound is still raw and fresh. When someone asks what I love most about life? I'll say you.
I love you, always will till my last breath baby."

It starts pouring and Alessandro quickens his pace as the clouds begin to gather in the sky. Up until now, the sky was a beautiful blue. The blue sky was turning gravel gray. Soon he finds shelter under a big tree. It's raining intensely. It looks like the angels are crying on this sad day. Alessandro thinks back to when he first met Lisa. When she first told him she loved him. Their wedding, the birth of their beautiful sons. He looks at the graveside one last time.

###chapter 62

"Miss? Miss, can you hear me? What is your name?" A woman in white asked.
"Her name is Annabelle Jackson, like I told you." A man she's never seen before tells the nurse. Why can't I remember my name? The young lady thought.

"Sir, may I inquire if you two are related?" The nurse asks again. 

"Yes, she's my sister." The man tells the nurse while looking at the girl. 

"Okay, you almost died on us, but the doctor managed to pull you through. You have been in a coma for a week now." The nurse tells her. 

"The doctor will be here shortly to check on you." With that the nurse left, leaving her and the man alone. 

"So you are my brother? Do I have any other family?" She asks him. 
 He nods and says, "Yes, your older brother." We have a younger sister too, her name is Ariana Jackson she's twenty-three years old. My name is Sebastian Jackson. I'm thirty-five years old. Our parents died over ten years ago in an accident. I am the one who raised you and Ariana." Sebastian tells her. 
 
The young woman nodded, trying to remember her brother and sister. 
 
"Where do we live? What did I do for a living?"
 
"Well, we live here in Los Angeles. All three of us live together. You are an accountant at my company and Ariana is the owner of a small flower shop." 

Once again she nods. None of this sounds familiar. Just then the doctor makes his appearance. "Good morning, sleeping beauty. I'm Dr. King. I'm glad to see you are back with us. We almost lost you but managed to pull you through. You lost a lot of blood due to the injuries you sustained. You had swelling in your brain. A punctured lung, a few broken ribs, and as you can see a broken leg." The doctor tells her. 

"If your brother didn't bring you in on time, you would have been dead. If everything goes well you can go home tomorrow." The doctor asks questions and tells the woman it's normal to have memory loss, but she mustn't push too hard to remember. She and Sebastian thank the doctor, and then he leaves.
"I will come back tonight with Ariana. Would you like me to bring you anything?" She shakes her head. She doesn't know what she likes and whatnot. 

Sebastian tells her to rest a little and promises to see her tonight. The girl closed her eyes feeling tired and fell asleep.
"Sebastian, we must be honest with her! She deserves to know the truth!" Sebastian's sister shouts at him when he told her about the girl. 

"I fucking know that Ari! But did you stop for a second to think what will happen once Bianca learns she's not dead? Bianca has a lot of dangerous men out there and once she finds out Lisa's still alive, she will send someone else to do the job. Kevin phoned me and told me that Bianca got out of jail and to keep a close eye on her. When I heard she was planning to take her out I made my appearance as an assassin. I couldn't let three young boys lose their mother! When the time is right I will contact Alessandro." Sebastian rants on. Ariana realizes her brother is telling the truth. 

"Does Kevin know she's still alive?" Ariana asks him. 

"Yes, we came up with this idea. He needs to find everyone involved who's trying to kill his friends and the people they love." He admits. Sebastian is Kevin's right-hand man here in Los Angeles. Sebastian runs all the businesses here legal and illegal. He knows Ariana has a thing for Kevin, but he doesn't want his sister to involve with a player who will only break her heart. 

"We are going to visit her tonight. Please don't say anything about her life before now." Sebastian says rubbing his face. 

"I won't, but if she finds out you better pray she won't kill you," Ariana says. Sebastian nods and dismisses her. He picks up his phone. After a few rings, the person answers. 

"Kevin, Lisa is awake. Luckily she's got memory loss but for how long we don't know." Sebastian informs Kevin. 

"Thanks for letting me know. I don't think Bianca bought the story about Lisa being dead. I found out she's going to dig up the grave and have a DNA test done on the corpse. We have to find out who else is involved because she couldn't have planned all of this alone."
 
"When are you going to tell Alessandro the truth?" Sebastian asked. 

"Soon just not now. Bianca has eyes on him and if he gets in touch with Lisa she will do anything to kill her this time." Sebastian and Kevin discuss what to do when they hang up. 

"I hope we know what we are doing." Sebastian thought out loud.
"Hey, Annabelle, how are you feeling?" Sebastian asks as soon as he enters the hospital room. 

"Fine thank you." Lisa notices the girl behind Sebastian. 

"You must be our younger sister?" Lisa asks her. Ariana steps forward and gasps when she sees how beautiful Lisa is. 

"Um Ye Yes, I'm Ariana." She takes a seat next to Lisa. Lisa and Ariana talk about everything. Lisa is too afraid to ask about her life. She feels like they're not telling her something but decides not to show that she doesn't trust them completely. She had a dream about a handsome Italian man with the name Alessandro and that she's married to him. Lisa reminds herself that it's only a dream. 

"We should go. You look exhausted from all the chatting. I will come tomorrow with Sebastian to get you." Lisa hears Ariana say. 

"Thank you for visiting me." Lisa finally said. Ariana and Sebastian kiss her on her head then leave.

"Ali! Can you take me to Lisa's grave?" Lilani asks Alessandro. 

"I want to take fresh flowers and ask her something," Lilani explains why she wants to visit Lisa. She misses her sister so much. 

"Yes, get ready and meet me downstairs," Alessandro says in a sad tone. It's been two weeks since Lisa's death. Alessandro misses her every single moment of every single day. When he went down Lilani was already waiting for him. He takes her hand and leads her to the car. 

"I made a drawing for her. Do you think she will like it?" Alessandro looks at the drawing. It's a picture of Lilani, him, and the three boys and in the clouds, it looks like Lisa with angel wings. 

"She will love it," Alessandro says with a smile. When they stop at the graveyard, Alessandro notices a black SUV parked in front of it and then a guy near Lisa's grave. 

He takes Lilani's hand and walks inside to the grave and when the man notices Alessandro he quickly walks in another direction. Alessandro finds this strange but decides to leave it. 

"Hey, Lisa. I miss you. Last night the tooth fairy came to visit me. I wish you were here to see it. Your babies cry a lot. Jeez, I hope they get bigger, so they can stop crying that much. Ali is doing a great job with them, so I guess you don't have to worry about them. If you can hear me, will you tell mom and dad I say hello and I love them? OOO before I forget. I made a drawing for you, I hope you love it." Lilani bent down and whispered. 

"Please if you can, will you come back to Ali? He missed you like crazy. I hear him cry, but he doesn't know it. I think he's thinking of joining you somehow." She stands up. 

"I love you, Lisa." Lilani turns to Alessandro. 

"I will be under the tree you can talk to her now." Alessandro watches as Lilani goes to sit under the tree in front of him. 

He put his hand on the headstone. "Baby, I miss you. It's so hard for me to live without you. I try my best to be the best father to our boys, but I struggle, they need you. They grow up fast. Alexander even smiled at me the other night when he didn't sleep. JP and Gabriele had a fever a few nights ago. I got so scared if it weren't for Alice I don't know what I would have done. I wish you never had to go out to the shop, then you would still be here with us. Tell me how am I supposed to live without you. It feels like I die every day. I love you forever." Alessandro calls Lilani and they walk to the car. 

Alessandro notices the SUV still standing there. He quickly let Lilani inside the car walk around and pull away. After coming home he went to his office and phoned Jhonny. 

"I need your help."

###chapter 63

A few months after her funeral, everything seemed lifeless for him. The house felt empty without Lisa's presence. Alessandro could smell her everywhere and still can. In the kitchen and their bedroom. The pillows cover everything smells of Lisa.
After that day he saw the SUV outside the graveyard he phoned Johnny to tell him, but Johnny just told him he imagines that he was seeing things. Maybe he's right he needs to focus on the children instead of making assumptions about who visits the graveyard.
Alessandro sits in his office looking outside from where he can see Rome. What is life if you lost the one person who made life worth living?
"Mr. Mancini?" He slowly turns around and looks at Leonardo. He has been quieter than ever. It's starting to worry the people close to him. Alessandro has been walking around the house and office like a ghost.

"Yes?" Alessandro replied.

"It's been three months, Sir, and we are worried about you. You must..."

"Yes, it's been three months since she's gone. I'm a body without a soul. I can't do this any more Leonardo." Alessandro tells him truthfully. 

"Sir, if I may suggest. why don't you go and see a counselor?"
"I'm fine Leonardo, tell me what's on the schedule today?" He suddenly changed the subject. He doesn't want to go to a counselor just to hear he must let go of Lisa. 

"Well you have a meeting with Mr. Samuel at 2 pm today and Mr. Kevin wants to meet with you as soon as you are free."

"Thank you, Leonardo." He nods his head and walks out. Alessandro was busy typing on his computer when there was a knock on the door. 

"Mr. Mancini, I'm sorry to interrupt you but, Mr. Samuel is on the phone. He wants to talk to you. He says it's urgent." Alessandro nods and picks the phone up.
"Mr. Samuel?" Alessandro says. 

"Mr. Mancini. There has been a problem here at the company. I thought we could reschedule the meeting?"

"Just give my assistant Leonardo the details," Alessandro told him. 
"Alright. Are you okay? You sound tired." Mr. Samuel tells him.

"I am good. No worries." Alessandro says. He's starting to get annoyed with everyone asking him the same question over and over again.

"Ok if you say so. Remember my daughter? I can introduce the two of you. See you at the meeting." Samuel says. Alessandro ends the call without saying goodbye.
The nerve of that man. Nobody will ever replace Lisa. He won't let it happen. Lisa may be gone, but he doesn't want someone else. Nobody can replace her. Nobody can erase her memories of her.

5 O'clock came by quickly without Alessandro realizing it. Alessandro closes everything and heads out. 

"Leonardo you guys can go I'm going to meet Kevin," Alessandro informs him. His drive to the bar where he's meeting Kevin was quiet.

"I love you, Alessandro." She says.
I love you too. I can't wait to meet the babies." Alessandro says rubbing her swollen belly.
"I'm getting fat by the day," Lisa complains while watching herself in the mirror.

"No, you look pregnant and sexy," Alessandro assures her and holds her from behind.
"You don't think I'm fat?"

"Nope, you look sexy. I think pregnancy looks damn hot on you." Alessandro tells her.

"I love you."

"I love you too". Lisa says turning around and kissed him.
Alessandro had tears in his eyes. He can't stop thinking about Lisa. Fuck! Kevin will start to get worried if he sees him crying. He gets out of the car and walks into the bar where Kevin is waiting for him. 
"How are you, man? Can I get you something to drink?" Kevin greets him. 

"Doing great, yeah the usual," Alessandro says. Kevin calls the waiter and orders. 

"Okay, what is it you want to see me so urgently about?"

"Straight to the point. Well, first I want to know if you heard or seen Bianca in the last three months?" Kevin asks seriously. Alessandro frowns, "No nothing. Why?"

Kevin looks his friend in the eyes. "Lisa is dead but not dead. If you know what I mean." Kevin drops the bombshell. 

"What do you mean she's dead but not dead?" He asks shocked. 

"Well, it's a very long story. Short version. Lisa is not dead, she's got memory loss but is doing just fine...."

"What the hell are you talking about Kevin? I held her in my arms the day of the accident. I was there when they buried her." Alessandro angrily says. 

"Yeah, um.... about that. I was getting to the point when you interrupted. The girl you held and buried is not Lisa. She's a John Doe. I found the body of a woman at the mortuary and got help to make her look exactly like Lisa." Kevin says letting it all sink in. 

"Why? Why are you telling me all of this? Why now?" Alessandro demands smashing his fist onto the table. Kevin sight. 

"I found out Bianca wants Lisa dead. She hired an assassin to take her out. Well, the "assassin" is one of my most trusted men." Kevin tells Alessandro everything watching his friend's face go pale. 

"So you're telling me for three months you knew she's alive but decided to keep it to yourself?"

"I needed to find Bianca. She's still out there somewhere. I think she knows Lisa is still alive." Alessandro shakes his head. 

"I can't believe what you're telling me. Why didn't you come to us and ask for help?" Alessandro demands. He's angry and hurt that his best friend knew him all along and kept quiet.

"As I told you, Bianca is determined to take revenge on all of us starting with you. She wanted to kill Lisa and the boys." Alessandro listens as his friend explains everything. 

"Bianca will pay for what she did. Where is Lisa?"

"She's safe in Los Angeles that's all you have to know for now," Kevin assured his friend. 
"I want to see her," Alessandro asks. 

"No, not yet at least not until we find Bianca and whoever it is she's working with. 

"Call the other two we need their help." Kevin nods and calls the others. 

"They will be here soon," Kevin informs Alessandro.
He can't believe the love of his life is still alive. After three months of suffering his prayers have been answered. He will make Bianca and whoever works with her pay, that's a promise.

###chapter 64

Johnny and Jake soon arrive at the bar. "Hey, guys, what's so urgent?" Jake asks his eyebrows raised. Alessandro shows them to sit down. 

"Can we get you something to drink first?" Kevin asks nervously because he knows they will have his head. Alessandro watches as Kevin gets nervous. He realizes he's trying to buy some time before dropping the bomb. 

A waiter brings more drinks and as soon as she leaves Johnny asks, "Okay will one of you tell us what's going on? Kevin looks like he's going to faint any second now."

Kevin laughs nervously. "Well, then the short version is um Lisa... She's still alive." Johnny and Jake exchanged looks and then looked at Kevin as if he had just grown two heads. 

"What are you talking about?" Jake asks breaking the silence. 

"I found out Bianca wanted to hire an assassin to take Lisa and the boys out, so I asked one of my guys to pretend to be an assassin. We got a body out of the mortuary and made the body look like Lisa. On the day of the accident, Lisa was in the car but as soon as the ambulance came, we switched Lisa with the body. She's still alive but has memory loss. She doesn't know who she is..."

"Wait, you're telling us this whole time you knew Lisa wasn't dead but decided to keep this quiet?" A pissed-off Johnny asks. 

"Yeah, look I know I didn't have the right but if I didn't act fast Lisa and the boys would've been dead by now..."

"What the fuck man! You saw how your best friend suffered for the past few months and still, you kept quiet!" Jake continues. 

"Fuck! Don't you know how hard this was on me also? Don't you realize that if I didn't do what I did Alessandro would've not only lost his wife but his children as well?" Kevin shouts. Alessandro watches as his friends continue to argue. 

"Enough! Look, I know what Kevin did wasn't right but at the time I think he made the right decision. We have to find out who's working with Bianca and take them out! I want Lisa back, but I can't until Bianca and whoever works with her are caught!" Everyone looks at Alessandro. 

"He's right. What do we have to do?" Jake asks Kevin. 

"The last address I have of Bianca is at one of her father's old warehouses. I have guys on the lookout there." Kevin starts showing him all the evidence they have about Bianca. 

"The question is who's working with her. I can't seem to find that information." Kevin concludes. 

"We have to find out soon because Bianca knows it's not Lisa's body that we buried, she's on the hunt for her."

"Leave that to me. I have a few guys who owe me some favors. I will put it out there that I want to find her and whoever it is as soon as possible." Johnny informs them. 

"We will have to move your family to a safe house until we catch them," Jake says to Alessandro. 

"Fine, I will do it but not until I get to see Lisa," Alessandro demands. 

Kevin sighs, "Look I know you miss her, but we can't take that risk not yet."

"Then I'm not going anywhere I will send everyone else, but I'm staying," Alessandro says firmly. 

Kevin shakes his head disappointed. "Fine, let's just get your family to safety first then I will organize that they bring Lisa to the safe house." Kevin agrees. 

Alessandro nods pleased that he will soon get to hold his wife. 

"Listen, you will have to be patient. She doesn't remember anything before the accident." Kevin reminds him. 

"I know you told me, but maybe once she sees me and her family she will start to remember," Alessandro says, hopefully. They look at Alessandro praying that she will remember him. They know it will break him if she doesn't get her memories back.

They start discussing what to do and who to contact. "I will keep you guys up to date," Jake tells them. 

"When are we leaving for the safe house" Alessandro asks. 

"Let's make it in three days," Kevin suggests. Alessandro and the other two agree on the date and place. 

"Good, now I have to go I'm on watch tonight at the warehouse." Kevin greets ready to leave. 

"We are coming with you, Alessandro you go home and get ready to leave." Johnny orders. Alessandro nods and stands up. 

"Take care guys." He walks away leaving them behind. 
"Oh, and Kevin? Thank you". Kevin smiles and nods watching his friend leave. He realizes he didn't have the right to keep this away from him after seeing him walk in earlier he knew he made the right choice to tell them the truth. He knows Alessandro will never survive without Lisa. He has seen how much his friend has suffered these past three months and made a promise to make it up to both him and Lisa.

Alessandro couldn't believe what he had just heard. His wife, the only woman he ever loved, is still alive. He will help her remember that's a promise. These three months felt like his life was empty. He didn't have a reason to stand up in the morning but now after hearing Lisa is still alive he has a reason. He drove home and went to his son's room. They have grown so much. Every day they look more and more like their mother. 

"Hey, buddies. Did you behave fun today?" He asks his boys when he steps inside their room. He kisses them on the head and tells Alice that he will take it from here.

"Take the rest of the night off." Alice smiles thankfully for whatever happened that made Alessandro come home to spend some time with his children. At one point she felt sad that the boys not only lost their mother but their father on the same day. Alessandro loved Lisa so much that the day she passed away, something inside him died as well. 

"Ali! Your home!" Lilani shouts running to him. 

"I missed you so much." Alessandro hugs her. 

"I'm sorry little one. I promise from now on I will make more time for you guys." Alessandro smiled at her. Lilani sits next to him talking and playing with the babies. 

"Let's get you ready for bed," Alessandro announced. Lilani helps him bathe the babies and put them to bed. 

"Now let's get you ready. Go and take a shower and as soon as you are finished I will read to you." Lilani smiles and runs to her room. She's happy to have her Ali back.

Alessandro went to Lilani's room and was just about to knock when he heard her prayers. "Thank you, Jesus, for bringing Ali back to us. Help him find a way to let go of Lisa. I know he misses her terribly. I hear him cry at night, sometimes I think he wants to be with her again. But please don't take him now. I don't know how to raise three babies on my own. I'm still too young to be a mother. Please help him heal his broken heart. O and Jesus if you can, can you please bring her back to Ali? She's the only one that knows how to handle this moody man he has become. He must love her. Jesus, please tell my parents that he did love their daughter." Lilani pray. Alessandro opens the door and walks up to her. 

"What story do you want to hear?" He asks her. Lilani thinks then takes a book. 

"Sleeping beauty." She gives it to Alessandro. He starts to read the story and notices Lilani fast asleep. 

"Good night little one." He kisses her head and covers her. Looking at her one last time then head to bed.

###chapter 65

Everyone sits around the dining table curious why Alessandro wants to talk to them so urgently. "Ali!" Lilani greets him as soon as he enters the dining room. 

"Hey, little one." He went and kissed her on the head then looked around the table and noticed everyone he cares about is there. 

"Thank you, Maria, this looks delicious." Maria smiles at her boss. This was one of Lisa's favorite Lisa has shown her how to make "vetkoek" and mince. No one talks during dinner, everyone is wondering what Alessandro wants to say.
After dinner, Alessandro asks them to follow him to the living room. "Thank you all for coming. What I'm about to say will come as a shock to you but no one must know about this." Alessandro looks at them, and they nod. 

"Well first thing, I'm taking you all to a safe house. Bianca wants to hurt everyone close to me..."

"What are you talking about?" Gabriele interrupts. Alessandro gives him a look to shut up. 

"As I was explaining, Bianca hired someone to kill Lisa and our boys, but it turns out she's still alive." He pauses for a second to let his words sink in then continues to tell them about everything. 

"O my!" Sophia gasped. 

"That Bitch! I will kill her myself!" Sophia continues to shout. 

"You...yo ....you mean my prayers came true?" Alessandro and the rest turn to Lilani. He wanted to tell her in private he didn't realize she was hiding behind the couch. Alessandro walks over to her and picks her up. 

"Yes, Lisa is alive, but she may not remember us. So we need to help her." Alessandro tries to explain to the little girl. 

"When are we leaving?" Grandpa asks shocked at what he heard. 

"Tomorrow morning I want everyone ready at 4 O Clock." They nod and stand up to leave. 

"See you all tomorrow morning." With that Gabriele and Sophia left. 

"Who's going to watch over the house and clean it?" Maria asked concerned that the house would be left alone. 

"I will hire someone to come and clean it regularly until we can come back. Don't worry. All of you should go and rest tomorrow is going to be a long day." Antonio, Leonardo, and Maria say goodbye, and leave. 

Lilani and Alessandro went up to the triplets where Alice is watching them. 

"Alice? I need to talk to you as well." Alice looks up at Alessandro and notices how tired he's looking. 

"What's wrong dear child?" Alice asks concerned. Alessandro takes her hand and leads her to the sofa. 

"We are all leaving tomorrow morning early to a safe house," Alessandro tells her exactly what he told the others. 

"O, my dear Lord.! That's bad! Oh my, I can't believe she's still alive." Alice cries out. Alessandro dismisses her, telling her to be ready early. He takes the triplets with Lilani helping him.
"I think we will be sleeping in my room tonight. What do you think?" He asks Lilani.

"Yeah! A sleep-over!" Lilani shouted, clapping her hands.

The next morning everyone arrives early and makes their way to the limousine. Alessandro can't wait to see Lisa again even though she won't remember him. He looks at everyone around him. This is his family, and he won't let anything happen to them. Yesterday he and the guys talked about everything that has to be done to keep them safe. Kevin will be joining them later while the other two will locate Bianca and the person she's working with. Alessandro told them that if they don't find her in the next few days they must use him as bait to capture her. They all agreed to do that as a last resort but that he must go with his family to meet Lisa. His heartbeat begins to beat fast just thinking that after so long he will finally see her again. His thoughts were interrupted when the car stopped at the airport.

After what felt like forever, the plane finally lifts off. Alessandro went to the bedroom to lay the boys down. 

"Soon you guys will get to see your mother again. I promise you that you will never have to go without her this long." He stares at them thinking how much Lisa missed out during these three months, but knows that if Bianca hired someone else he could've lost her and his boys. He stays with them for a while then goes back and notices Lilani sleeping in Gabriele's arms. 

"I will go and lay her down," Gabriele tells him standing up.
After a few hours of flying, they finally reached their distinction. Alessandro takes Gabriele and JP while Alice takes Alexander. They followed him to the waiting car while Leonardo went to do all the paperwork.

As they get closer to the house, Alessandro begins to get nervous. How will she react when she sees everyone? Was this a good idea to let them bring her here? All these questions go through his head. 

"Mr. Mancini? We have arrived." The driver informs him. He nods and then opens the door. He takes the stroller and puts the boys inside. Taking a big breath he walks towards the house. Just as he was about to knock on the door opened and on the other side, Lisa stands looking at the man in front of her.

Lisa can't believe her eyes. He's finally here after so long. Yes, she regained her memories two months after the accident. She became suspicious about the man that keeps appearing in her dreams. Initially, she believed he was to blame for the accident, which is why she continues to dream about him. However, she soon came to the realization that if he had caused her harm, she would be experiencing nightmares instead of pleasant dreams. That's when she started to look him up and saw that he was indeed her husband. Instead of sharing her memories, she chose to remain silent in order to uncover the reason behind being separated from her loved ones.

Lisa can't take her eyes off her sexy husband. He had grown a beard and his eyes look like he hasn't slept in a long time. She has missed him. His touch, his smell everything. Then she looked down, and her eyes went wide. 

"The...they have...." Lisa couldn't speak her eyes went back to Alessandro who was watching her the whole time. 

"You recognize us, don't you?" Alessandro whispers as if he's afraid to talk too loud then realizes it's just a dream. He steps forward and takes her in his arms slowly.

###chapter 66


Alessandro takes Lisa into his arms and whispers. "Why didn't you tell me where you were?" Lisa didn't answer, too afraid.

"I'm asking you a question! Why didn't you tell me where you were when you remembered who you were?" He asks in a low dangerous voice. Lisa shook her head and opened her eyes. Alessandro was now staring down at the triplets.

"I'm sorry, baby," Lisa whispers and notices he is still not looking at her, and it hurts so bad.

"Lisa?" Sophia broke the tension between them.

"O my! It's you!" Sophia ran to Lisa when she saw it was Lisa. Lisa hugs Sophia while keeping her eyes on Alessandro.

"We missed you so much." Sophia cries.

"I'm sorry, Sophia. I wish none of this ever happened." Lisa whispers with tears flowing down her cheeks. Sophia let Lisa go and stepped aside, so the others could greet her. Lisa hugs everyone and cries out of happiness.

"Hello, my dear; you don't know how much we have missed you," Grandma tells Lisa as she hugs her.

"I have missed you as well." She thought she would never see them again. Lilani's eyes went wide when she saw her sister standing there. She can't talk; she just stares.

"Let's go inside," Lisa tells them and turns to go and help Alessandro with their boys.

"Let's take them to their room," Lisa tells him. Alessandro nods and then follows her up to the room.

"I'm sorry for not making contact with you. I was scared." Lisa told him as soon as they lay the boys down. She looks at her three sons; they have grown so much that Lisa wishes she could turn back time, but sadly she can't.


"I'm sorry for snapping at you. It's just- I thought I had lost you forever, and after seeing you, I- I don't know." Alessandro speaks to her. He walks up to her and takes her into his arms.

"I have missed you so fucking much." He looks down at her and then bends down to kiss her. Lisa has missed this, his touch, his lips on her, everything about him. After some time, they separated, both of them breathing heavily.

"Let's go down; everyone wants to talk to you. Especially Lilani. She had been praying that you would return to us." Alessandro takes her hands and leads her down to where everyone is waiting.

"Lisa!" Lilani shouts as soon as Lisa walks into the living room. "I knew that if I prayed hard enough, you would return to us." Lilani cries out. Lisa picked her up.

"I have missed you so much, baby girl," Lisa hugged her.

"Did you know that Ali cried every single day? He even locked himself in his office for days until Maria told him to go and shower because he was beginning to smell." Lilani rambled on, making a disgusting face.

"Yeah, my brother won't live long without you, that's for sure." Gabriele has also shared his thoughts. They start to catch up with everything that has happened to Lisa since the day of the accident.

"That Bitch will pay for what she did to you." Grandma spoke through gritted teeth. She was angry that Bianca did something like this to their family, and she wanted to make sure she gets what she deserves.

"Speaking of her. Do we know where she is?" Antonio asked.

"Kevin and the other two are still busy tracking them," Alessandro replied with his eyes lingering on Lisa. Maria tells them lunch is ready; just as they go to the living room, the doorbell ring.

"I will get it." Leonardo offered and went to check. A few minutes later, Kevin, Sebastian, and Ariana walk in.

"My timing was perfect." Kevin smiles when he sees the food. He walks up to Lisa and hugs her.

"Welcome back, sis." He whispers.

"Thank you for saving me." Kevin nods, then takes a seat. Ariana sits next to Lisa, and they start having a conversation.

"Mancini, I want to talk to you after lunch." Kevin suddenly said to him. Alessandro nods, knowing its news about Bianca.

After lunch, the guys went to the study to talk. "What's up, man?" Alessandro asked. His fear was that Bianca had not been found. The thought of losing Lisa all over again makes him shiver in fear.

"We found Bianca and who she's working with," Kevin informs them and looks at them with a sad expression. He doesn't know how to tell them who was the one who betrayed their trust.

"It turns out mommy dearest is the one helping her take revenge for killing Mr. Lombardi." Kevin continues.

"Great two women out on revenge. Well, when are we going to them?" Alessandro asks him. He wanted to teach them a lesson for messing with his family.

"Jake and Johnny will be here at midnight with both of them. They caught them at the airport on their way here. So we suspect that someone close to us informed them about everything." Kevin growls.

"Are you going to tell us who?" Alessandro asks impatiently. Kevin looks at them, then shakes his head.

"You will find out tonight. Let's say someone in our circle got close to this person." Kevin still can't believe they backed stabbed them.

"Fine, I can't wait to get my hands on Bianca and watch her die slowly," Alessandro says with so much hatred. They talked for a while when Alessandro excused himself. He went to look for Lisa and found her playing with the Triplets.

"I can't believe they have grown so much," Lisa said sadly.

"I have missed three months of their lives." Lisa cries, looking at her babies.

"Hey, it's not your fault," Alessandro says, sitting beside her.

"I should never have gone out that day; if I had sent Antonio or someone else, I would've been there with you guys." She continues to cry. Alessandro takes her into his arms and then lifts her face with his finger.

"No, if anyone is to blame, it's Bianca and her family." Lisa looked into her husband's eyes and nodded.

"Your right. I am sorry it's just that I have missed you guys so much." She sniffs.

"I was dreaming about you constantly after the accident. I didn't know why, so I never told anyone until I decided to search for your name; that's when I found pictures of you and me on the Internet. Everything I dreamed about was our life together." She smiles, telling him how she started remembering her life before the accident.

"I'm glad that you got your memory back because, honestly, I was nervous about how to handle the situation if you didn't remember us." Alessandro truthfully says.

"Let's go lay down for a bit?" Lisa asks him. She feels tired after the long flight and the reunion with her family.

"Come on, boys, how about you guys go and lay down with Mommy and me?" Alessandro asks his boys. They picked them up and went to their room.
Alessandro lay on his side, looking at Lisa, who fell asleep instantly. Tonight he will make Bianca pay for everything she did to them.

###chapter 67



Alessandro tells Lisa that he will be back late. "I'm going to meet up with the guys. Go and take a rest." He kisses Lisa and then leaves with Kevin.

"They are waiting for us with everything we need," Kevin informs him. The drive to the house feels like an eternity for Alessandro. When they stop in front of the house, Johnny and Jake are already waiting for them.

"Where are they?" Alessandro asks as soon as he climbs out of the car.

"Follow me," Jake replies looking at Johnny. Alessandro notices how angry and disappointed Johnny looks but decides not to ask. They walk inside the basement, where three chairs stand with lights showing each one.

"Alessandro! Baby! You came!!" Bianca shouts as soon as she sees Alessandro.

"You thought that I would come to rescue you ?" Alessandro sneered.

Bianca looks confused at him. "What are you talking about, baby? They phoned you to come and get me!"

Alessandro starts laughing, "You think that I will come to you? Haha! This was all part of my plan to get you!" Alessandro laughs. Did she really think he would run into her arms and confess his love to her?

"You see, we've been watching you for a while now. I know you planned to get rid of Lisa and our boys." Alessandro continues.
Bianca looks at him, fear evident in her eyes. "You and your friends killed my father!" She shouts, "I will get my revenge on each of you!"


"Bianca! SHUT UP!" Her mother shouts.

"I can see why my stupid daughter wants you." Mrs. Lombardi tells Alessandro.

"Such a shame that you picked that tiny mouse instead of her!" She looks at Alessandro, showing no fear whatsoever.

"Let her go; I'm the one you want! It's me who planned all of this!" She continues.

"You killed the only man I ever loved, and I did the same to you; at least, I thought I did!" Alessandro smirks as he listens to Mrs. Lombardi.

"You didn't act alone, your daughter wants me, and I know both of you planned this!" Then he looked at the other person and felt sorry for Johnny.

"You! We trusted you! Johnny loved you even if he didn't confess, but he did!" Alessandro shouts at Aurora. Aurora starts laughing.

"You stupid fools! I will never be able to love Johnny! I'm a Lombardi! I was always playing all of you to get information for my father." Alessandro and the others are shocked by her confession. They can't believe they trusted her.

"Father?" Johnny suddenly asks.

"Yes, I'm the oldest daughter of the famous Lombardi's!" Suddenly everything makes sense to them. How they met her was just a set-up. Alessandro closely watches Johnny. He feels sorry for his friend who was deceived by the woman he loved for a long time.

"You just used us! I think my guys will have fun with you!" Johnny says with so much anger, then turns around and walks out. He can't be there watching the only woman he ever loved get killed because she was the traitor.
"Poor guy! Did he think I would love him?" Aurora taunts.

"Well, you have ten minutes to say your goodbyes. But I'm sure you will see each other in hell!" Alessandro says.

"Alessandro! Baby, please don't do this. I love you!" Bianca cries.

"Will you just fucking stop it? Do you know how pathetic you are?" Alessandro tells her.
The violent scene begins!!
"You tried to ruin my family! "Now I will destroy you!" Alessandro shouts. Taking a knife, he walks forward to Bianca.

"I'm going to enjoy every moment of torturing you," Alessandro whispers with a smirk before sticking the knife in her tight, making Bianca scream.

"Please!" Bianca begs him.

"No, you didn't think about mercy when you wanted my wife and children out of the way!" Alessandro begins to cut her face until she falls unconscious.

"Now it's your turn!" He smirks at Aurora.

"You know you are a Jezebel, and what would be better to do with a Jezebel than to let the dogs eat your flesh!" Alessandro says.

"Bring in the dogs after you put her into the cage," Alessandro demands his men.

"No!" Aurora screams when she realizes what's going to happen.

"You brought this on yourself! You deceived us! You betrayed Johnny! Not only that, but you used us, especially Johnny!" Alessandro screams.

"Take her and bring the dogs. Then he walks to Mrs. Lombardi.

"You will first watch your daughter die; then we will let you join your family in hell!" Alessandro tells her.
Alessandro's men take Aurora to the cage and bring the dogs. All you can hear are Aurora's screams when everything goes quiet.

"Well, that was fast. Now, what are we going to do with you?" Alessandro asks when pointing a gun at Bianca when he hears her talk.

"Please Alessandro, I'm begging you!'" Bianca begged when she opened her eyes. Alessandro laughed, "I hope you enjoy your journey to hell."
"Where's Aurora?" She asks, looking around.

"She had to leave; she said something about being back in the flesh!" Alessandro smirks and then looks at the gruesome scene in the cage.

"No!" Bianca shouts when she sees the scene. "Don't worry; you will see them in a minute. I do hope you all rot in hell!" Alessandro says, then shoots Bianca in the head.

"You bastard!" Mrs. Lombardi shouts through gritted teeth. Alessandro walks over to her and smiles. "Don't worry; you will see them in a few seconds before driving a knife through her heart.


"Take care of the bodies." He tells his guys, walking out with Kevin and Jake following him.

"Where's Johnny?' Alessandro asks.

"In the car, Mr. Mancini." One of the men tells him. Alessandro nods.

"We will clean this mess," Kevin says before returning with Kevin.
Alessandro climbs into the car and looks at his friend. "Is it done?" Johnny asked.

"Yes, and for what it's worth, I'm sorry," Alessandro tells him. Johnny nods. He was not feeling like talking to anyone. This is why he doesn't fall in love. He will never trust a woman again; they are all manipulative bitches! Alessandro looks at his friend before driving back to the house.
Later that night, Kevin and Jake show up at the house.

"It's done; we can all go back home," Kevin tells them while pouring him a drink.

"What did you do to the bodies?" Johnny asked.

"They were cremated," Jake responds. Johnny nods and down his drink.

"To the Lombardi's, may they burn in hell." Jake raises his glass, and everyone else follows.

"I'm going to my wife; you guys can each take a room," Alessandro announced after drinking his whiskey. It was his first time taking someone's life, and even though they deserved their fate, he still can't help but tremble at the memory of how he carried out their demise.

###chapter 68


Two years later.
"Alexander! Gabriele! And JP!" Lisa shouts when she sees the mess in the kitchen.

"Please, come and tidy up this chaos!" She yells when they walk into the kitchen.

"Mommy, it was Alexander." Gabriele points his little finger at his brother.

"Nah, it was actually JP," Gabriele retorted.

"I don't care who it was because we all know the three of you did this together," Lisa says with her hands on her heaps.

"What's going on here?" Lisa hears her husband's voice.

"They made a mess with flour and eggs." Lisa sights. Alessandro looks at the mess the boys made.

"We sowwy daddy. We wanted to supise Mommy and Lilian with a cake." Alexander explains with his head down.

"That was a nice gesture, guy, but you must clean this mess and get ready," Alessandro says sternly.


The triplets quickly start to clean the kitchen. "I'm going to get Lilian ready for the party; please make sure these three are ready before everyone arrives," Lisa tells him, walking out of the kitchen.
An hour later, the doorbell rings, and Alessandro goes to open the door.

"Hey, Mancini." Johnny greets him, followed by Jake and Marna. Alessandro tells them to go to the back while he waits for the rest of the people.

"Where's the birthday girl?" Sophia asks when she walks outside.

"She's having a blast with her brothers, over there." Lisa points to where her children are playing.

"Where's Luna?" Lisa asks when she doesn't see her.

"With her father as always." Sophia shakes her head as she replies.

"She's a real daddy's girl." Sophia continues.

"Come and sit down; it looks like you're about to pass out," Lisa says when she notices how pale Sophia looks; this pregnancy is taking its toll on her. Six months ago, Sophia discovered she was pregnant with twins, a boy, and a girl.

"I can't wait for these guys to come out," Sophia says as she sits down.

"Yeah, I know how you feel." Just then, the others join them, and they start talking about what they missed out on these past few weeks; they didn't see each other.

"Well, the wedding plans are all up to date; just two more weeks than I'm going to be married to my best friend and the love of my life," Marna tells them with a big smile. Jake and Marna have been dating for almost two years, and five months ago, he proposed to her. She moved to Italy after everything that had happened two years ago. Her parents were sad, but they knew their daughter was happy.

"I can't believe he's finally settling down. "Sophia says.

"How about you and Kevin?" Lisa asks Ariana.

Ariana smiles, "Well, we got some good news for you guys." Ariana and Kevin look at each other lovingly.

"We are expecting." Kevin blurts out. Kevin and Ariana sorted everything between them a few weeks after everything happened. They got married last year in the Bahamas.

"Congrats, man! Welcome to the exclusive club called pregnancy!" Gabriele says, shaking his hand.

"Thank you, guys," Ariana says with a smile.

"I have something important to announce," Lisa says, wearing a mischievous smile as she catches Alessandro's eye, leaving him curious about what she was about to reveal.

"I have some exciting news - we are expecting once more!"

Alessandro smiles, "I'm going to be a father again?" Alessandro picks Lisa up and spins her around.

"I'm the luckiest guy in the world." Everyone congrats on them.

"Dammit, Mancini, give your wife a break after this one!" Johnny jokes. They laughed at Alessandro.
"Okay, let's get the birthday girl," Alessandro says. They all stand before Lilian's table, ready to blow out the candles.

Lisa looks at her family; the triplets are turning three, and Lilian is one year old. Lisa couldn't believe she was expecting again. She wouldn't trade her life for anything in this world. To think she married him to save her sister's life, and look where they are now. They have overcome many obstacles these past few years but somehow managed to stay together. Lilani is turning eight this year and is currently visiting her grandfather with Alice, Grandma, and Grandpa Mancini in South Africa. Grandpa and Alice also get along very well, and when he asked if Lilani could visit him for a month, Alice told them she would go with her to keep an eye on the little girl, and Alessandro's grandparents wanted to visit South Africa.

Antonio, Leonardo, and Maria are still a part of their family. Alessandro sent them on a month's vacation to their families. Lisa looks around and watches Johnny and the new nanny they hired for the triplets; it seems they will get along very well.

Johnny doesn't take Aurora's betrayal very well, but it seems that the new nanny is just what Johnny needs.


Alessandro puts his arms around Lisa, "What are you thinking about, honey?" Lisa turns around, wrapping her arms around his neck.

"Just about how far we got and our family and friends." She smiles.

"Yeah, we got far in these past few years, and I love you more with every passing day," Alessandro says.

"I love you too." Alessandro captures her lips. Lisa knows no matter what happens they will always find a way back to each other.




						The End
