###Chapter 1

"Serena..."

Entangled in each other's arms, they were ablaze with desire-until the man's slip of the tongue brought a chilling reminder of another.

Charlotte Russell clung to Frederick Percy's neck, feeling his thick and hard cock moving in and out of her. She held back a moan, a tear slipping from the corner of her eye.


Frederick didn't notice her feelings. His hands gripped her breasts, his fingers teasing her nipples before giving them a firm pinch,making Charlotte stifle a groan.


Charlotte's red lips parted slightly, her breath coming out in soft gasps.The intense pleasure almost made her lose her mind.

"Frederick,let's have a baby."

Frederick paused, lifted her legs, and without any tenderness, thrust into her again, biting her nipple. "Charlotte,you're not worthy of bearing my child!"

A cold glint flashed in Frederick's clear eyes as he continued to take Charlotte more fiercely. Each time he pulled out completely, then pressed down on Charlotte's waist and thrust back in hard, reaching the deepest part, making Charlotte's already sensitive body even more addicted. Charlotte's moans came out in broken gasps, her eyes tinged with red. In a daze, her gaze fell on Frederick's lips, and she slowly propped herself up and moved closer. "Frederick, do you dare to kiss me?" Charlotte's moans came out in broken gasps, her eyes tinged with red. In a daze, her gaze fell on Frederick's lips, and she slowly propped herself up and moved closer. "Frederick, do you dare to kiss me?" had never kissed.

A look of disgust flashed in Frederick's eyes, his face darkened. He didn't even want to look at her face, so he turned her over, pressing her down.In this rear-entry position, his thrusts became increasingly deep.

Charlotte buried her head in the pillow, hiding the emotions in her eyes.

Frederick made his final thrusts on her, and at the moment of ejaculation,his cold voice came through.

"Charlotte, let's get a divorce."

The flush on her body hadn't faded yet, but her face turned pale instantly.


Charlotte looked at him in confusion. "What did you say?"

Frederick withdrew his cock from her body, casually picked up two documents from the table, and handed them to her. "Serena is pregnant. I need to marry her, but after the divorce, I will still support you."

Charlotte's hands trembled as she picked up the documents. One was a divorce agreement, and the other was a maintenance agreement.

After five years of marriage, he wanted to make her his mistress just to give Serena Brown a proper status?


"Frederick,give me a reason." Charlotte's voice trembled. "Serena is pregnant, and she's not in a good state. I have to give her a sense of security." Frederick's tone softened when he mentioned her. She was the one he cherished the most. Charlotte felt like her heart was being cut by a knife. Their five-year marriage had long been a facade. Originally,this marriage was something she hadforced.

Charlotte slowly raised her head, gently touching her belly, her red lips trembling slightly. "Frederick, if I were pregnant too, would you still insist on a divorce?"


Frederick glanced at her coldly and stated with unwavering certainty,"Charlotte,you won't have my child."


A fine pain spread through Charlotte's heart. Her eyes flickered, and she spoke in a very calm tone, "Fine,I agree to the divorce."

Charlotte decisively signed her name on the divorce agreement. Frederick's assets were all split in half for her. He was so generous to get a divorce for marrying Serena.

As for the maintenance agreement, Charlotte didn't even look at it. She picked it up and tore it to pieces.

Seeing Charlotte's decisiveness, Frederick was taken aback.

Charlotte looked at the shredded paper on the ground, as if seeing her shattered youth.

Back when Frederick needed a wife, Charlotte stepped up, despite her family's objections.

Everyone thought she was after the Percy family's money, but no one knew she'd secretly loved Frederick for ages. On Charlotte and Frederick's wedding day, Serena had a car accident while leaving the country in a fit of rage. Charlotte watched as Frederick left the wedding to be with Serena. Her desperate pleas were ignored, and she became the laughingstock of Silverlight City. 
Their marriage had been a miserable affair.

Charlotte took a deep breath, picked up her clothes from the floor, and put them on piece by piece. "When are we handling the paperwork?"

Her calmness threw Frederick off. "Are you really just going to leave like this?"


Charlotte nodded, her eyes cold. "What else? Should I share a man with Ms.Brown?"


Frederick frowned, speaking with disgust. "Charlotte, don't joke about Serena. Say one more word and you can get out."

Charlotte smirked self-deprecatingly. "No need to tell me, I'll leave on my own."


She didn't have much stuff in the Percy Villa, everything could fit in one suitcase.


But as she was leaving, her pregnancy test report fell out of her bag.falling right in front of Frederick, with a clear positive result.

His eyes grew cold, his tone mocking, "Charlotte, what's with this pregnancy test report? I didn't expect you to fake a report just to avoid a divorce."

Charlotte stiffened, turning to stare at Frederick.

Frederick threw the pregnancy test report in her face. Thinking of Frederick's cold mockery, Charlotte deliberately raised an eyebrow, her demeanor casual. "So what if it's fake? In five years of marriage, our relationship has always been lukewarm. If pretending to be pregnant can get your attention, then I've achieved my aim." Charlotte spoke indifferently, bending down to pick up the report from the floor, the wound in her heart expanding infinitely, bleeding.

She looked up at Frederick, who had a cold smile on his lips. "Charlotte, I really underestimated you."

Charlotte didn't argue. She couldn't possibly tell him that the pregnancy test report was real,could she?


"Frederick, let me know when you've decided on thetime to handle the divorce paperwork."

With that, Charlotte dragged her suitcase out of the Percy Villa.

She turned her head, looking at the place she had lived for five years, with no particularly happy memories in her mind-a life of constant waiting and dashed hopes.

She thought every day about when Frederick would come back, how many days he would stay at home.

Charlotte felt a pang of sorrow. It turned out that all her years of effort to take care of him and waiting for him to come back had gone unnoticed by Frederick. In the end,she had only moved herself.

Charlotte got into a taxi, and the suppressed emotions exploded in her chest,tears streaming down uncontrollably.

By the time she arrived at her friendFiona Johnson's house, Charlotte's eyes were swollen from crying.

Fiona was shocked to learn that Charlotte had signed the divorce agreement. "Why? You've been together for five years, how could he divorce you?"


Charlotte's voice was despondent, "Serena is pregnant."

Fiona was stunned. She hugged Charlotte, comforting her in a low voice, "Forget him. If five years of marriage couldn't gain his heart, you can find someone else.You're so outstanding, there's no way no one will love you."

"Just in time, the company is developing a new perfume. You can get involved, just to change your mood."

Charlotte leaned against Fiona, responding lightly.

She slowly covered her belly, feeling a deep sadness. 'Baby, from now on,you'll only have Mommy.'
###Chapter 2

The next day, Charlotte pulled herself together, slipped into a fancy dress,and got all dolled up because tonight's cocktail party was a big deal for her company.

At the party, Charlotte mingled effortlessly, wine glass in hand.

She had a killer figure, and her dress showed it off perfectly.

Charlotte raised her glass, clinking it with everyone, noticing their eyes lingering on her chest. She just gave a faint smile and sipped her wine.

Frederick watched all this from the corner.

Seeing other guys eyeing Charlotte like hungry wolves, Frederick's eyes darkened, and a wave of anger started to build up.

After a few rounds of drinks, Charlotte put down her glass and headed to the restroom.

She couldn't remember how many people she had mingled with over drinks, but at least a couple of them showed interest in her company's perfume.

But drinking wasn't good for the baby, and she needed to throw up fast.

Charlotte walked unsteadily and unexpectedly bumped into Frederick at the restroom door. She frowned and tried to ignore him, but he grabbed her wrist and pulled her over before she could take more than a few steps. She couldn't break free and was eventually dragged away by Frederick. The restroom was empty. Frederick locked the door behind them and pressed Charlotte against it. "We just signed the divorce papers last night and haven't even finalized it, yet you're already looking for another guy?And what are you wearing? Don't you see them eyeing your chest?"

"Charlotte, if you can't live without a man, why did you turn me down last night?" Frederick stared at her intensely.


"Let go of me." Charlotte struggled hard, sobering up a bit.

She'd only had a few drinks and hadn't done anything wrong.

Did she have to blindfold those guys?

Charlotte couldn't break free from his grip, her voice filled with anger, "It's none of your business. I'd rather give it up to the next person I meet than have anything to do with you!"

He instantly kissed her, cutting off her words.

In five years,it was the first time Frederick had kissed Charlotte.

Charlotte's eyes widened, and her mind went blank.

Frederick himself found it absurd, but he couldn't help it. He clearly remembered the way Charlotte used to look at him, with admiration and affection, but now she said she didn't want anything to do with him anymore.

Frederick suddenly feIt a mix of emotions he had never experienced before.leaving him in turmoil. He deepened the kiss involuntarily, their tongues entwining passionately. Charlotte frowned, never expecting Frederick's first voluntary kiss to happen like this. After regaining her senses, she tried to push him away, but Frederick held the back of her head, deepening the kiss even more. Little did heknow that he was such a good kisser. He just followed his instincts, increasingly eager to claim her lips and teeth as his own,trapping Charlotte firmly in his arms. His fingers ran through her soft hair,feeling their breaths mingling.

He had never known Charlotte could be so sweet,making him unable to stop.

Charlotte's body trembled lightly, her breathing became erratic,and she felt the surrounding oxygen thinning to the pointof suffocation,her strength seemingly drained.


Her legs weakened, unable to stand, and she could only cling to his embrace,letting him take what he wanted.

Frederick's aggressive approach left her almost defenseless.

Just as his hands began to wander on her body restlessly, his phone in his pocket suddenly rang.

Frederick paused, his eyes clearing instantly. He let go of Charlotte and pulled out his phone. Seeing the caller ID, his eyes softened immediately.

Charlotte watched the change in his eyes, feeling a mix of emotions.

Without even looking, she knew it had to be Serena caling.

Charlotte leaned against the wall, pressing her warm lips together, still feeling his warmth, a hint of sarcasm tingeing her expression. In their five years of marriage, Frederick was always traveling for work or spending time at the hospital with Serena. She, the so-called Mrs. Percy, was just a title. But all of this was about to end with their divorce. Seeing Frederick's gentle demeanor while holding the phone, Charlotte smirked. If they made her unhappy, she was going to play along.

"Serena,what's wrong?"

Frederick suppressed his aroused desires, treating treating Serena with the gentleness of someone handling a precious treasure.

"Mr. Percy, please come to the hospital immediately! Ms. Brown woke up,couldn't find you, and in a fit of panic, she fell out of bed. Her condition is very bad, and she won't let us get close to check on her. Please help us calm her down!"

The nurse's voice was urgent, on speakerphone, "Ms. Brown, calm down.We've contacted Mr.Percy!"

"Frederick! My belly hurts so much. Is my baby going to die?"

Serena's voice trembled, full of grievance. "Didn't you say you'd always be with me? Why aren't you here? I'm so scared."

Frederick comforted her gently, "I'll be back soon. Be good and cooperate with the treatmen1t."

Serena's voice was tearful and threatening, "If the baby dies, I won't live either."

Frederick's eyes darkened, his jaw clenched, but his voice remained gentle,
"I won't let anything happen to you or the baby. Wait for me." As Frederick was about to hang up, Charlotte suddenly spoke. "Frederick,who are you talking to? Don't stop it, ah." Charlotte raised an eyebrow provocatively,her eyes cold. Frederick's gaze instantly turned icy, and Serena's voice on the other end became sharp, "Frederick, what are you doing? Is it that woman? I was wrong. You're married, and I shouldn't have disturbed you. You don't need to come."


"I won't get treated! Let me die!" Serena's emotions spiraled out of control."Get out,all of you!"

The nurse's tray was knocked over, causing chaos on the other end.

Frederick hurriedly tried to calm her down, but the call was disconnected,leaving him frowning deeply.

"Charlotte! I warn you, don't provoke her! If anything happens to her, you can't afford the consequences!"

Charlotte clearly saw the blame in Frederick's eyes, her heart aching.Taking a deep breath, she said, "You two disgusted me first."

If they were getting divorced, why kiss her? After kissing, he went to flirt with another woman!


She wouldn't be pushed around so easily anymore!

Charlotte tried to leave, but Frederick grabbed her wrist, pulling her back,and said coldly, "You should go to the hospital to apologize to Serena."

Charlotte laughed in anger when hearing his words. "I did nothing wrong.why should I apologize?" She shook off his hand and walked away quickly. Frederick watched her graceful figure, clenched his phone, and called the hospital to inquire about Serena's condition. It was Serena who answered the call. After her brief outburst, she began to sob softly, apologizing. "Frederick.T'm really sorry. Please don't leave me."

"I have nothing left."

Frederick's lips tightened, remaining silent for a long time. Amid Serena's sobs, a sense of guilt rose in his heart.
###Chapter 3

Early in the morning, Charlotte was still deep in sleep when her phone rang.

"Who is it?" she mumbled, not even bothering to check the caller ID.

"Stop sleeping and bring some porridge to the ward right now. The same kind you made for me before. Hurry up, Serena had a rough night and can t eat anything else."

Frederick's cold voice snapped Charlotte awake.

She sat up, fully alert, her eyebrows knitting together. "I'm not your servant.Dream on!"


Frederick's tone turned icy. "This is what you owe Serena. If you hadn't provoked her, she wouldn't be in this sate."

"Her tantrums are not my problem," Charlotte shot back, her voice just as cold.


"Charlotte, it's just porridge. Must you defy me on this?"Frederick's patience was wearing thin.

Serena had been a nightmare all night, leaving hm utterly drained. All he wanted now was a bowl of Charlotte's soothing porridge.

Every time he had a hangover, Charlotte's porridge was his go-to remedy.
It had become a habit.

"Just porridge? You say it like it's nothing. Why should I make it for her?"


Charlotte sneered. The porridge she made for Frederick was always top-notch.The ingredients were expensive, and it took five hours to cook, needing constant attention to avoid burning.

Frederick frowned, showing a rare hint of vulnerability. "I want some too."

Charlotte's breath hitched for a moment.

If it were in the past, she would have gladly sacrificed her sleep to make porridge for him.

But now, she felt nothing for him.

"You want it? Pay up, one million dollars a pot."

Frederick's patience snapped. "We haven't officially divorced yet. Don't push me."

"So what if I do?" Charlotte was unfazed.

"Make the porridge and bring it to the hospital, or I'll cancel the divorce and make your life hell."


Frederick hung up, not giving her a chance to respond.

Charlotte fumed, pounding the bed. "Frederick, you bastard! You're shameless!"

He was the one who wanted a divorce, and now he was threatening to cancel it. What did he want?

Charlotte's heart ached. Every encounter with Frederick deepened her pain.She just wanted to be rid of him.

When Serena was sent abroad for treatment, Charlotte could still fool herself into staying with him.

But now, staying entangled with Frederick would only bring more trouble.

It was just porridge.

She was willing to make it, but she doubted Serena would have the guts to eat it!

When Charlotte arrived at the hospital with a pot of porridge,she heard a delicate voice from inside the room, "Frederick, why did you ask her to come? I don't want to see her."

"I just asked her to bring the porridge. She'll leave right after."

Frederick's voice was unusually gentle.

"But will you look down on me afer seeing her all dressed up? I'm exhausted and not wearing any makeup, you know."

Serena's paleface turned even paler with fear.

Frederick immediately reassured her, "I won't look down on you. No matter how she looks, you're the most beautiful to me."

"Really? Swear it." Serena clung to his sleeve.

"Okay,I swear."

"Frederick, you're the best!" Serena finally smiled through her tears. Outside the door, Charlotte listened to their intimate conversation, feeling a pang in her heart. Frederick had never been this gentle with her. Even during their most 
intimate moments, he was always rough and intense, never caring about her feelings.

She had always thought Frederick was a cold-hearted person, but now she saw him being so patient with another woman.

Charlotte felt a pang of jealousy. If she said she wasn't hurt,it would be a lie.

She didn't want to listen to their conversation anymore and put down the thermos to leave, but the sound caught the attention of the two inside.

Frederick immediately opened the door, and when he saw it was Charlotte,a barely noticeable smile appeared on his lips.

Charlotte handed over the thermos and turned to leave, but Frederick grabbed her arm firmly.

"Let go of me. What do you want?"

Charlotte turned her head angrily, glaring at Frederick.

As she turned, her hair brushed against Frederick's face, and the familiar scent instantly soothed his fatigue.

Frederick lowered his head and whispered in her ear, in a voice only the two of them could hear.


"I want to fuck you."

"You!"

Charlotte's ears turned bright red in an instant. She was mortified and furious but couldn't bring herself to curse. She wasn't as shameless as Frederick!

Frederick looked at her blushing face, and a rush of heat went straight to his lower abdomen, his long-dormant desire awakening.

Actually, he had lied to Serena earlier because Charlotte's appearance and figure perfectly matched his aesthetic. Everything about Charlotte aroused his sexual desires.

"Frederick, what are you two talking about?" Serena's voice was soft and fragile.

"Nothing," Frederick replied, but his heated gaze remained on Charlotte.


Charlotte heard the huskiness in his voice and, meeting his gaze,immediately knew he was thinking something inappropriate.

In her anger, she lifted her foot and kicked hard at Frederick's crotch.

"What are you doing? Trying to murder your husband?"

Frederick easily blocked her attack and grabbed her leg, rubbing it continuously.


Their current posture was very suggestive, and this scene was an eyesore to Serena.


Moreover, she hadn't expected Charlotte to look so gorgeous even makeup-free! Serena's eyes filled with tears, and she spoke pitifully, "Ms. Russell,if you're angry, you can hit me, but please don't hurt Frederick. He merely feels sympathy for me and wants to help me. Please, do not treat him harshly." Hearing her words, Frederick immediately let go of Charlotte's leg. He walked over to Serena and comforted her softly, "Don't get upset. She can't hurt me."

Charlotte found it ridiculous.

Her inner thigh was red from Frederick's grip. Who was really being rough?

"In that case, you better keep Frederick in check. Don't let him bother me.As for your relationship, I'm not interested. I'm not that cheap."

Charlotte's words were directed at Serena, but her gaze was like a knife aimed at Frederick.

Frederick's eyes darkened at her words.

Every time he heard Charlotte say she wanted to leave him, it ignited a fire of anger in his heart.


He did want a divorce to give Serena the title of his wife, but he had also given Charlotte the chance to stay by his side. As long as Charlotte was willing to be his mistress, he would still provide her with the most affluent life.


But why wouldn't Charlotte agree?

Serena couldn't stand seeing Frederick's eyes full of Charlotte.

She quickly got out of bed but stumbled and fell to her knees. She muttered, "Ms. Russell, I know I shouldn't be alive. To avoid making things difficult for you, I'll go die now." As she spoke, Serena crawled towards the window, as if she was going to jump. Frederick, heartbroken, immediately stepped forward and scooped her up.

Seeing Serena's swollen ankle and slightly dirty hands and feet,he was burned with anger.

Frederick's eyes were icy cold. "Charlotte,get over here and kneel to Serena.then clean her feet!"

Charlotte was shocked by his words, her eyes filled with blood, unable to believe what she had just heard.

Frederick even wanted her to kneel to Serena!
###Chapter 4

Charlotte balled up her fists and stood tall,defiant.

"No way I'm kneeling to her! Why should I?" she shot back.

Frederick's face darkened. "Serena just kneIt to you and got hurt; given your status, you can't afford it, so you owe her an apology."

Charlotte sneered. "Did I make her kneel? She twisted her ankle on her own. How's that my fault?"

"Doesn't matter, you need to apologize to her!" Frederick's voice was cold and commanding, leaving no room for argument. "If you don't, you know what'll happen."


Charlotte had had enough of his threats. She decided to go for broke.

"What'll happen? You mean not getting a divorce?"

Charlotte scoffed, "Stop using divorce as a threat. Worst case, we stay married. I'll still be the envied Mrs. Percy. But what about Serena? You okay with her being a mistress everyone looks down on?"

Serena's face went pale at that.

She looked up at Frederick with wide, worried eyes. "Frederick, what does she mean? You don't want a divorce? What about my baby..."

Frederick wanted to shut Charlotte up before she said anything worse.

He hid his anger and tried to soothe Serena. "Of course not. I promised you'd be Mrs. Percy, and your child will never be illegitimate."

Charlotte subconsciously touch her own belly, feeling a pang of bitterness. He wouldn't let Serena's child be illegitimate,but what about hers?

The contrast was painful, yet she was certain: Frederick wasn't fit to be her child's father.

Charlotte's face was blank. No matter what the two in front of her said,she didn't react.

She'd seen through Frederick. He only cared about Serena and had no love for her.

"Give me a time, and we'll finalize the divorce," Charlotte said flatly,no emotion in her voice.

Frederick noticed her indifference and got even angrier. "Fine, tomorrow at 8 AM,we'll get it done."


His words were forced out through gritted teeth, showing his rage.

Charlotte found him baffling.

Wasn't the divorce what he wanted? Why was he mad when she asked for a date?


"See you then."

Charlotte turned and walked away gracefully, without a second thought.

Serena sighed in relief and then said generously, "Frederick, isn't this unfair to Ms. Russell? Maybe you should go after her. I don't want her to misunderstand you."


Frederick's voice was calm, "Doesn't matter. She's not important to me."

He seemed calm, but inside he was a mess. Charlotte's carefree departure felt like a weight on his chest, making it hard to breathe.

Charlotte had always been só attached to him. How could she be so cold now?

Meanwhile,Charlotte was feeling awful too.

As soon as she stepped outside, Charlotte doubled over, clutching her belly in pain.


She gently placed a hand on her stomach, and tears streamed down her face.


"Baby,are you hurting for'me too?"

Charlotte was heartbroken. She thought she was ready for the divorce, but when Frederick set the date, it still stung.

But no matter how muchit hurt, she couldn't back down now.


Her phone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out and saw her dad, Oliver Russell,on the line.


She didn't need to guess why he was calling. He wanted her to come home and face the music.


Sure enough, as soon as she answered, Oliver's voice roared through the phone,"Charlotte! Where are you? Get home now!"

Charlotte just said okay and hung up, not bothering to defend herself.

Growing up, no matter how hard she tried, any slight failure to please Oliver led to endless criticism.


She was used to it. If it weren't for her mom and sister, she wouldn't go back to that house.

Half an hour later, Charlotte was on her knees on the cold floor,no cushion to soften the pain.


Sweat dripped from her forehead, but she stayed silent.

Oliver,tired from hitting her, tossed the cane aside,panting.

"Last chance! Will you go and beg Frederick to take back the divorce?"Oliver shouted.


"We've already signed the divorce papers. It's happening tomorrow.It's too late."


Charlotte's voice was weak, but she spoke through gritted teeth.

"Are you trying to drive me crazy? Just wait, I'll beat some sense into you!"

Oliver raised the cane again, but the expected pain didn't come.

"Don't hit Charlotte!"

Her mom,Elodie Davis,rushed in, taking the blow herself.

Elodie clung to Oliver, pleading, "Oliver, Charlotte might be a bit stubborn,but you can't hit her like this! If she got seriously injuried, how can she possibly hold on to Frederick?"


Charlotte had been trying to stay cold, but seeing her mom get hit broke her.


She hugged Elodie, checking for injuries.

"Are you okay? Mom, let him hit me. Don't do this." Charlotte's tears fell freely.

Although she spent her childhood with her grandmother in the countryside and wasn't raised with Elodie, Elodie had been looking out for her ever since her return.

Every time Oliver punished her, Elodie would rush to protect her, just like now.

Elodie held Charlotte's hand tightly. "Silly girl, what are you saying?Seeing you get hit hurts me more. How can a mother stand by and watch her child get beaten?"

"Mom."

Charlotte threw herself into Elodie's arms, crying like a child.

Elodie comforted her and gently advised, "But your father is right. You've been married to Frederick for years. You shouldn't divorce so quickly."

Charlotte was stunned. "Mom, do you want me to beg him too?"
###Chapter 5

Elodie tensed up a bit, then slipped back into her sad look.

"Fights between couples are normal. Your dad and I have been at it our whole lives, but once you and your sister came along, everything got so much better."


Elodie said earnestly, "What you need to do now is have a kid with Frederick. Once there's a baby,he'll definitely change his mind."

Charlotte's face hardened at the mentionof a child.

"No way am I using a kid to keep Frederick around. This marriage is over," Charlotte said firmly.

"You..." Elodie was taken aback by Charlotte's determination.

Oliver, who was nearby, raised his cane again when he heard this.

"Elodie, move aside! I swear, I'm going to make her regret this! She had the life of a rich wife, and she still wants a divorce?" Oliver said, looking exasperated.

"What will people think of our Russell Family if you get divorced? I can't handle that kind of shame."


"If I knew you were this useless, I would've let your sister marry him instead! I really regret it!"

Oliver accidentally let his true feelingsslip and quickly shut up.

Charlotte sneered. "Dad, you finally said what you really think."

Charlotte stood up slowly. "I know I'll never measure up to Juniper in your eyes. I was raised in the countryside while Juniper grew up with you.If it wasn't for the marriage alliance with the Percy Family, you probably would've forgotten about me,right?"

Elodie suddenly covered her face and cried. "Charlotte, are you still blaming me?"


"Mom,I'm not."


Charlotte's tone was still gentle towards Elodie. "Honestly, when I was younger, I did resent you and Dad, wondering why I couldn't live with you like Juniper did. But as I grew up, I understood you had your reasons.



"Charlotte, I was in poor health back then. It's my fault." Elodie hugged her,looking very moved.

Oliver, however, stayed tough. "Why are you apologizing to this ungrateful daughter? Charlotte, tell me whether you go and make úp with Frederick or not!"


"No way!" Charlotte's stance was just as firm.

"You ungrateful brat! I'll beat you to death!"

Oliver tried to hit Charlotte again, but she dodged this time.

Elodie, standing behind her, couldn't dodge in time and got hit, stumbling back and falling hard to the ground."Oh my God, my butt!" Elodie kept crying out in pain. Charlotte rushed to help her up, but Oliver pushed her away. "You ungrateful daughter! How dare you dodge? If anything happens to your mother, I won't forgive you!"

Charlotte was at a loss for words.

Oliver's cane had been aimed right at her abdomen. If she had been hit.the baby might not have survived.

So she had no choice but to dodge, but it caused Elodie to get hurt.

"I..."

Charlotte wanted to explain she dodged because she was pregnant, but Oliver cut her off harshly.

"Shut up! Go find Frederick right now. If you get divorced,don't ever come back! Your mother, your sister, and I will never forgive you!"

"What are you still standing there for? Get out!"

Oliver's harsh words made Charlotte's heart ache even more.

Elodie was still crying out in pain on the floor. Charlotte wanted to argue but couldn't find the words.


She silently opening the door and walking out.

Charlotte felt really guilty. After a few steps, she suddenly turned back.

But when she got to the door, she heard them laughing inside. "Hahaha, Oliver, how was my acting?" "Your acting is spot on, but youI can't protect her like that next time. Do you know how worried I was just now?" "It's all that bitch Charlotte's fault for dodging! I wasn't even ready!" Charlotte felt a chill run through her body, as if her blood had turned to ice.

The voices inside were familiar, but the words felt so strange,especially coming from Elodie.

In her mind, Elodie had always been gentle and kind, never speaking such bitter words!

The two inside kept talking, not knowing Charlotte was at the door.

"Honey, what if that bitch Charlotte really divorces Frederick?"

"Don't worry. If they reallý get divorced, we'll just have Juniper marry him.



"No way!"

Elodie immediately objected, "I can't let Juniper suffer. That's why we brought Charlotte back from the countryside. Now you want Juniper to marry the man Charlotte doesn't want? No way!"


Oliver got anxious. "Back then,we were worried Frederick wouldn't inherit the Percy Family, so we didn't let Juniper marry him. But now he controls the whole Percy Family. Even if Frederick has other women, he won't mistreat Juniper. Most importantly, our company needs the Percy Family's support."

"No way." Elodie was very protective of Juniper. "I'll find a way to force Charlotte to reconcile. I can't let Juniper suffer." "Help me up quickly. The floor is freezing. I need to go back and take a hot bath."

Charlotte heard the commotion inside and quickly slipped away.

After leaving the Russell Villa, she wandered aimlessly on the street,feeling lost.

Her heart had become numb from all the blows.

Charlotte used to think Oliver didn't like her, but she never expected Elodie to be the same.

It turned out they both knew marrying into the Percy Family wouldn't bring happiness. All their kindness was just a facade.

It turned out no one in this world loved her.

Just as the thought of ending her life crossed Charlotte's mind, her belly began to ache again.

Charlotte instantly became clear-headed. She wasn't completely alone;she still had her child.


Even for the sake of her child, she couldn't give up!

Although her child gave her a bit of fighting spirit, shewas unable to counteract the impact of missed meals, insufficient rest, and the relentless pressure from Frederick and her father.

The more Charlotte walked, the heavier her legs felt, like they were filled with lead,


After a while, Charlotte felt her body lighten, her vision went black, and she fell forward. Using her last bit of strength, Charlotte protected her belly and then passed out.

Passersby sawv her collapse and immediately gathered around.

"Call an ambulance! Someone has fainted here!"
###Chapter 6

Hospital ward.

Charlotte woke up feeling like she'd been hit by a truck, her whole body aching and completely wiped out.

The faint smell of disinfectant and the blinding white walls told her she was in a hospital.

Yesterday, she'd been super stressed and ended up passing out on the side of the road.


"Baby!" Charlotte shot up, clutching her belly with both hands.

When she hit the ground yesterday, she tried to shield her baby, but she blacked out and had no idea what happened next.

If anything happened to her baby, she'd never forgive herself!

She desperately wanted to feel her baby move, but it was still too early in her pregnancy for that.


Before she could call for a doctor, a tall figure stepped out of the bathroom.

Frederick stood there, holding a damp towel,his eyes narrowing as he looked at her belly. "What baby?"

He must've heard her shout "baby" when he was in the bathroom. "What baby? I have no idea what you're talking about." Charlotte tried to play it cool. She hadn't expected Frederick to be here. Thank goodness she hadn't said too much.

"You just shouted 'baby," Frederick said, his eyes boring into her.

He thought he might've misheard, but her reaction now made it clear she was hiding something.

They'd lived together for years, and he could tell when she was lying.

"You misheard!"

Charlotte denied it and quickly changed the subject. "Why are you here?Aren't you worried Serena will get jealous if she finds out you came to see me?"


She used a sharp, sarcastic tone, hoping to get rid of him fast.

But it had the opposite effect.

Frederick's face darkened, and he tossed the towel aside, stepping closer to her bed and looking down at her.

He grabbed her chin, his voice cold and commanding, "I don't like that tone, and I don't like you using a baby as a trick. You could never be pregnant with my child."

Hearing him say she couldn't have his child, Charlotte felt a mix of relief and sadness. On one hand, her pregnancy remained a secret. On the other, she felt a deep sadness for herself. Frederick was even more heartless than she thought. Charlotte forced a smile and said, "Yeah, how could I have your child? You took away my chance to be a mother."

Her voice was filled with disappointment and resentment.

On her first night in the Percy Family, one of Frederick's men gave her a pill.

He said Frederick didn't like using condoms, so she had to take the contraceptive pill.

She felt so wronged at the time, and later found out the pill would make it hard for her to conceive.

So when Charlotte found out she was pregnant, she felt it was a miracle.
Even if she got divorced, she was determined to have her baby.

If she lost this baby, she might never get to be a mom again.

Charlotte's heart was a rollercoaster of emotions, and her eyes started to get a little red and watery.

Frederick looked at her, seeing the stubborn beauty with tears glistening in her eyes. The coldness in his own eyes softened, and he let go of her chin without even realizing it.

But his voice stayed icy, "Don't start crying. I didn't even pinch you that hard."


"Should I be grateful for that?" Charlotte shot back without missing a beat.

Her attitude lit a fire in Frederick's chest.

He frowned at her, noticing that the usually sweet and charming Charlotte was now staring back at him with the same coldness.
The fire inside him burned even hotter.

"If you keep this up, I'll regret taking care of you all night and not taking advantage of you while you were out cold."
Charlotte was quiet for a moment.

She had thought Frederick had just shown up, not realizing he had been there all night.
It was something she had never experienced since they got married.

But so what?

Even if Frederick had changed a bit, it didn't change the fact that they were about to get divorced.

Charlotte smiled. "So, do you want me to thank you now? Or maybe we could have some fun right here on the hospital bed?"

Charlotte had no idea how tempting she looked at that moment.

Even with no makeup and in a hospital gown, she had a fragile beauty that made people want to protect her and hold her close.

Frederick's eyes slowly moved down her body.

Years of knowing her so well let hm imagine what was under her clothes.

He swallowed, feeling his throat tighten, and had to adImit he could never get enough of Charlotte.

Frederick's predatory gaze moved closer.

His hot hand pressed between Charlotte's legs, then moved upward, about to touch her breast when Charlotte chuckled.

Charlotte's delicate hand gently pinched Frederick's fingers,her pinky teasingly scratching his palm.

She looked at him with a playful expression. "Are you really planning to have a wild time in the hospital? It's fine to be notorious here, but if the doctors or nurses tell Serena, I wonder what she would think?"

Mentioning Serena's name was like throwing a bucket of cold water on him,instantly killing Frederick's desire.

He pulled his hand back,his gaze coldly fixed on Charlotte.

"You're a buzzkill."

"Right back at you," Charlotte shot back without fear.

Frederick got off the bed, and the oppressive feeling left with him.

Charlotte breathed a sigh of relief, thinking Frederick would leave after she teased him, but he didn't.

Charlotte asked irritably, "Aren't you leaving? Planning to stay overnight?"

Frederick frowned again.

He hadn't realized béfore that Charlotte could be so sharp with her words.

"Looks like you are getting better. You're well enough to argue, I guess.Time to go home. Grandma wants to see you."


Charlotte hesitated.

If it were anyone else wanting to see her, she would refuse, but Anouk Percy was different.

Anouk had always been kind to her.

But...
###Chapter 7

Frederick could see Charlotte was still torn, and his eyes turned icy again.

With a hint of frustration, he said, "Somehow, Grandma found out about our divorce. I have no idea who spilled the beans, but I'm going to find out and deal with them."

Charlotte met his intense gaze and quickly responded, "It wasn't me."

"I know."

Frederick clenched his jaw. Charlotte's eagerness to end things was driving him nuts. "Grandma's getting old, and I don't want her stressing over us.So, I need you to come with me and put her mind at ease."
"Fine, let's go," Charlotte said, ready to leave.

She had a fever and fainted yesterday from all the emotional stress,but today she was feeling much better.

Frederick grabbed her arm and gave her a once-over.

"Hold on, I'll have someone bring you some clothes. Can't have you looking like that."

Charlotte glanced down at her hospital gown and nodded.

The Percy Family was old money, with a history that went back centuries,so they were sticklers for appearances. Since she and Frederick were about to split, she ought to keep up appearances to prevent more hassle, without putting on airs.

Soon,someone brought a dress to her room. One person did her makeup, and another styled her hair simply.

When it was time to change, Charlotte looked at Frederick.

"Aren't you leaving?" she asked, raising an eyebrow.

But Frederick just sat there, looking amused.

"Shy? There's nothing I haven't seen." Frederick's smirk was barely hidden.

Charlotte was so mad she could scream. She knew arguing with Frederick was pointless.
"You're shameless!"

Seeing that Frederick wasn't going anywhere, Charlotte resigned herself to changing in front of him.

She kept telling herself, 'Forget it, don't argue with an idiot.'

After all, as Frederick said, they had been married for years, and he had seen every part of her.


But when Charlotte took off her hospital gown, revealing her smooth back and body, Frederick immediately looked away.


It wasn't that he suddenly became a gentleman. He was afraid that if he kept looking, he wouldn't be able to control himself and would end up making love to Charlotte right there."Let's go," Charlotte called from behind. Frederick turned around and w as stunned by how she looked. The stylist had brought a halter dress for Charlotte, with thin straps tied around her graceful neck.

The dress was made of white silk, the softest and most skin-friendly material. Yet, the thin straps still left a faint pink mark on Charlotte's neck.

Her skin was very delicate, something Frederick knew well.

Every time they had passionate sex, he would uncontrollably brand her with his hickeys, like plum blossoms that only belonged to him.

"What's wrong? Aren't you leaving?" Charlotte waved her hand in front of his eyes.

To cover up his embarrassment, Frederick put on a stern face,furrowing his brows even more.


He turned around without a word and walked ahead, not waiting for Charlotte.


Charlotte had to hurry in her high heels to keep up with him.

She cursed Frederick inwardly, wondeing what had gotten into him.

She hadn't done anything to provoke him,had she?

They arrived at the Percy Estate without exchanging a word.

Every detail of the Percy Estate's landscaping was meticulously curated,and even from the entrance, you could sense the opulence.

When they got out of the car, Frederick naturally took Charlotte's hand.

Charlotte frowned and tried to shake off his hand, but he only clutched her harder, causing her pain. "Is this really necessary?" Charlotte asked, puzzled.

Frederick, feeling the softness of her hand, was inexplicably pleased.

"Pull off the act flawlessly."

With that, he led Charlotte into the house.

All the servants along the way greeted them, and Anouk.who had been waiting for a long time,quickly came over.
Anouk had been worried, but seeing Frederick and Charlotte holding hands,she immediately felt relieved and smiled.
"Charlotte, how long has it been since I last saw you? I've been asking Frederick to bring you home, but he always says you're busy. I've missed you."


Anouk warmly led the two to the sofa.

As her eyes met Anouk's, Charlotte's face broke into a true smile, the kind she hadn't worn in ages.

"Grandma, it's my fault for not visiting you. How have you been?"Charlotte wasn't just being polite; Anouk was the only one in the Percy Family who genuinely cared for her.

"I'm fine, but you don't look so well," Anouk said with concern. Anouk had been worried and sleepless after hearing the rumors about Frederick and Charlotte's divorce, as well as the return of the girl who had once made Frederick determined to marry no one else but her.Although many in the family didn't approve of Charlotte, Anouk liked her and didnI't want any trouble in Frederick's marriage. Charlotte touched her face with the back of her hand.

She had already put on makeup, yet Anouk could stll tell she wasn't well?

Charlotte forced a smile. "Maybe I didn't sleep well last night. Don't worry,Grandma,I'm fine."
"That's good. As long as you two are doing well, I'm relieved."


Anouk earnestly advised Frederick, "Don't always wear a stern face like your grandfather. Don't keep things bottled up; it will cause problems over time."

Frederick's lips formed a straight line.

He replied stiffly,"Got it."

He had never feared anyone, always acting decisively and never caring about others' feelings.

But he couldn't ignore Anouk, who had always doted on him.

Charlotte watched Frederick being scolded, looking surprisingly obedient,and couldn't help but chuckle.

Who would have thought that the mighty CEO, Frederick,could be like this?


"Seeing you two still so loving as ever brings me great comfort." Anouk suddenly asked, "So, when are you planning to have a child?"
###Chapter 8

"If you guys have a kid now, I can help take care of it. How many days do I have left? I don't want to leave with regrets."

Anouk's heartfelt plea for them to have a baby left them both speechless.

Frederick's face twisted with a mix of emotions, his brows furrowed as he got lost in his thoughts.

Charlotte instinctively wanted to touch her belly, but remembering where she was, she stopped herself.

Why did Anouk suddenly bring up having kids?

Could it be that her pregnancy had been leaked? No way, that couldn't be it.


She was extremely cautious when she went for the check-up, so there was no way this news could have spread so fast.

Charlotte pushed down her shock and put on a very understanding and gracious front.


She smiled with her eyes, hooked her arm around Anouk's,and rested her head on her shoulder.

She said playfully, "Grandma, there's no rush to have kids. We're still young and haven't enjoyed enough of our time together."

But Anouk had a different take on it.

"You just need to give birth. From the moment the child is born, I'll find someone to take care of it, and it won't interfere with your lives." "We..."

Charlotte wanted to say more but Anouk cut her off.

"You've been married for several years; it's time to have a child.In families like ours, raising a qualified heir takes a lot of effort and resources.



"If you have a child now, by the time I finish grooming him, you can retire.Isn't that good?"


Anouk's clear reasoning left Charlotte speechless.

"But..."

She hesitated and shot Frederick a look, hoping he'd come up with an excuse.


But Frederick, with his arms crossed, looked indifferent and refused to back herup.


Charlotte was secretly furious at his attitude.

Since Frederick didn't want to handle it, she had no choice but to make up an excuse.


Charlotte cleared her throat, looked at Frederick with a troubled expression,and then sighed. She leaned into Anouk's ear and said, "Grandma, I want kids too, but Frederick is just incompetent." "What!" Anouk's eyes widened in shock as she looked at Frederick, unable to believe what she had heard.

Frederick's eyes narrowed dangerously.

Although he hadn't heard what Charlotte had told Anouk, he knew it wasn't something good.

Anouk's reaction confirmed his suspicion.

"What did you say to Grandma?"

Frederick lowered his voice, with a hint of anger.

Charlotte, emboldened by. Anouk's presence, replied confidently, "Honey,
don't be mad. I just told Grandma the truth."

Charlotte spoke in a strained voice, with a hint of grievance in her tone.

Frederick's temple veins throbbed.

Whenever Charlotte acted like this, it meant she had some bad idea.He glared at her threateningly.

Before Charlotte could continue her act, Anouk stepped in.

"Frederick! What's with that look! Your health is already a letdown to
Charlotte, and you dare to be mean to her?"

"I didn't."

Frederick felt a headache coming on.

"What do you mean? I saw it clearly!"

Anouk turned to Charlotte with concern. "Charlotte, if Frederick ever bullies you again, come to me. I'll stand up for you." "Thank you, Grandma. You're the best."

Charlotte threw herself into Anouk's arms, sneaking a triumphant smile.

Frederick was fuming.

"Charlotte, just cut it out. Don't forget your place."

Ever since he mentioned divorce, Charlotte had changed. She used to be as docile as a rabbit, but now she was as cunning as a fox.
"Enough!"

Anouk's smile faded, and she assumed her authoritative demeanor,looking at Frederick. "Don't try to fool me. I heard you two are getting a divorce, but I don't agree."

"Grandma?"


Charlotte was taken aback and straightened up from Anouk's embrace.

Anouk just patted her hand comfortingly and continued to stare at Frederick.


She knew Frederick well.

If there were rumors of a divorce, the problem must lie with Frederick.

Frederick's lips were tightly pressed.

The decisive and authoritative old lady before him was the grandmother he had known all his life. Anouk had always been more stern than affectionate with him. She only seemed like a kind grandmother in front of Charlotte. "Grandma, we've decided to divorce. Please don't interfere."

"Let me not interfere? Do you want me to watch you ruin your family over a promise you made in your youth?" Anouk raised her voice.
Charlotte quickly soothed her, looking at Anouk with admiration.

She had never seen Anouk so imposing.

"Grandma, I'm now the head of the Percy Family. I no longer..."


Frederick was cut off mid-sentence.

Anouk slammed the sofa armrest. "Oh, so now you think I'm old and can't discipline you? Or do you think you're too powerful? You've only been in charge of the Percy Family for a few years, and you're already dismissing me?"


Anouk turned her head away, looking very disappointed. "If you won't listen to me, then don't appear before me in the future. I'll consider you no longer my grandson!"


Perhaps she was too agitated, Anouk started coughing violently after speaking.

Charlotte quickly patted her back. "Grandma, don't be angry. Even if we divorce, you'll always be my grandma. Whenever you want to see me, I'll come back to see you." Charlotte's words were sincere, even though she was comforting Anouk. Anouk's protection moved her deeply. "Charlotte, don't speak for this jerk," Anouk was still struggling to catch her breath.

"Grandma, lsten to me."

Charlotte said seriously,"I agree with the divorce. In our circle, arranged marriages like ours often end badly. You know this better than I do."
Anouk gradually calmed down, looking at Charlotte in confusion.

Charlotte continued,"Instead of ending up miserable, it's better to cut our losses while we're young and still have a chance to start over. I'm sorry for disappointing you..."

Tears welled up in Anouk's eyes.

"Silly girl, if you mention arranged marriages, have you thought about what breaking ties with the Percy Family would mean for you?"
###Chapter 9

Anouk was genuinely looking out for Charlotte.

Being a woman herself, she totally got the struggles Charlotte was facing in her marriage.
If Charlotte cut ties with the Percy Family, no matter the reason, things would get really tough for her.
"Grandma, you don't need to worry about me. I've really thought it through."
Charlotte didn't believe she couldn't support herself without Frederick.She had paused her own career after getting married, but now she was ready to pursue it again.

Even though Charlotte made her stance clear, Anouk wasn't having it.

"Give each other some more time and think it over seriously. No divorces before the end of this year."

Anouk made the final call, then stood up. "I'm tired. You two go back and think it over."

The butler came over to help Anouk, and they slowly went upstairs.

Only Frederick and Charlotte were left in the living room.Charlotte turned her head slightly to look at Frederick, seeing his gloomy expression. 'Frederick must be super annoyed he can't get rid of me.' He couldn't shake her off as a burden, so he couldn't marry Serena. Charlotte felt a bit sad.

When Frederick married her, it definitely wasn't with the urgency he felt now.

Their years of marriage were ultimately just a farce.

Frederick's expression was dark, and no one could read his thoughts.

But he clearly felt a sense of relief when Anouk decided against the divorce.

He silently walked out, and Charlotte quickly followed.


Since they couldn't divorce for now, she didn't need to keep her distance from him. Besides, this was a wealthy area, and it was impossible to get a cab. She couldn't get down the hill without him.

As soon as Frederick started the car, his phone rang.

Charlotte sensibly turned her head towards the window.

No need to guess who was calling.

As soon as he answered, a soft voice camne from the other end. "Frederick,why didn't you reply to my messages? Is it because your family doesn't agree with us being together?"

"Don't overthink it. Leave it to me," Frederick's voice was low but gentle. "So they don't agree,right?" Serena's voice quivered with tears, sounding very pitiful, "Frederick, if I hadn't had that car accident, would we have been able to be together?" Hearing Serena mention the past again, a hint of sadness flashed in Frederick's eyes.
"I will fulfill my promise to you."

Frederick's gentle tone was something Charlotte had never heard before.

Serena nodded tearfully. "Frederick, we've already missed one chance.I don't want to miss a second."

After he reluctantly ended the call, Charlotte touched her chest, feeling a dull ache.

She adjusted her breathing, trying not to show her emotions.

Charlotte turned to Frederick and said, "If you have any thoughts about the divorce, you cana tell me. I will definitely cooperate. I had never expected Grandma's opposition to our divorce. In any case,I won't make trouble for you."

Charlotte thought she had made herself clear, but Frederick's face darkened even more.

'What is wrong with Frederick?'

She had clearly been accommodating, yet he still gave her a hard time.

"Are you so eager to leave me?"

Frederick suddenly spoke, questioning Charlotte.

He felt really unsettled. Charlotte's words made it sound like she was more eager to divorce than he was.


"What do you mean? Isn't it you who wants the divorce?" Charlotte frowned, feeling super exasperated.

Frederick's ability to twist things was truly something else.

"So you mean that if I hadn't brought up divorce, you 'wouldn't have thought about it,right?"
There was a glimmer of hope in his eyes.

Charlotte rolled her eyes hard secretly.


She said impatiently, "Is there any point in discussing this now?"

"Of course,there is."

Frederick pressed on, gripping Charlotte's wrist in his agitation,seeking her answer.

He now suddenly felt that his decision to file for divorce was a huge mistake.

Because every time he saw Charlotte eager to leave him, he felt a complex emotion that he was very unfamiliar with-regret.

"Let me go!" Charlotte struggled a few times but couldn't break free. She had no choice but to say, "I hadn't' thought about divorce before, but after you brought it up, it made me realize that my life shouldn't be wasted on just you. So now, I'm not speaking out of anger. I agree to the divorce." Charlotte's tone was very sincere, but it deeply made Frederick panic. If Charlotte were still jealous, acting spoiled, or even crying, he wouldn't be too worried. But now, her calm and peaceful demeanor meant she was truly disappointed.

Frederick, unwilling to give up, deliberately said, "After we get down the hill, you can get a cab yourself. I need to go to the hospital to take care of Serena."

After speaking, he waited for Charlotte's reaction, hoping she would be jealous.

Unexpectedly, Charlotte nodded naturally.

She pointed ahead. "Then you can stop here. I'll get a cab back."

They had already left the villa area, so it wouldn't be hard to get a cab.

Frederick was very dissatisfied with her reaction, gripping the steering wheel with a dark expression. He suddenly braked hard, causing the car to stop abruptly.

Charlotte was almost thrown forward by the sudden stop. She secretly glared at Frederick.


Since returning to the Percy Estate today, Frederick had been acting strange,completely unreasonable.


With a bit of anger, Charlotte got out of the car without saying a word.slamming the door to express her displeasure.

As soon as the door closed, the car roared away like an angry beast,leaving behind a cloud of exhaust. "Crazy man!" Charlotte angrily punched the air and took a cab back to Taylor's house. After a simple meal, Charlotte and Taylor started working on company matters.
Their jointly founded perfume company, JXL Company, had recently encountered some trouble. Their flagship perfume was suspected of having its formula leaked.
This perfume, named "Crush," was personally formulated by Charlotte and was a gift for her eighteenth birthday.
Later,when she and Taylor founded the company, she generously contributed the formula.
The perfume sold out as soon as it hit the market, becoming a favorite and maintaining its popularity.

But last month, the old perfume brand EX Company launched a new product, "Sweet Romance," which had the same scent as "Crush" but was priced at less than half. They even collaborated with several online influencers to smear JXL Company.
###Chapter 10

Charlotte held "Sweet Romance" in her hand, gave it a little spritz on a perfume strip, and took a careful sniff.
"The top notes are spot on; the gardenia is subtle and doesn't overpower the other ingredients. The perfumer at EX Company really knows their stuff."


She then sniffed the strip Taylor had prepped.

"The middle notes are weak,almost nonexistent."

"The base notes don't last long. I can smell thetangerine peel, but it's low quality,probably not even aged for three years."
After her critique, Charlotte put down the strip and picked up the perfume bottle for a closer look.

"EX Company is still using these ancient spray bottles. The gap at the spray head will just get bigger, and the perfume will evaporate right in the bottle."

"Honestly, it's more like a bottle of fragrance than perfume."

Taylor burst out laughing at Charlotte's revew. "Charlotte, your critique is brutal. If I were the boss of EX Company and heard that, they'd be fuming.11


"I'm just being honest; they focus more on marketing than the product."Charlotte shrugged.

Taylor's laughter faded, and she said with concern. "Your nose is sharp, but most people, like me, can't tell the difference.EX Company has really smeared us, and things aren't looking good."
"Is the inspection report done?"

Charlotte felt a bit overwhelmed. She had faith in the product but hadn't been involved in the company's operations for years.

"It's done! But no one believes it!"

Taylor was fuming. "EX Company even put out a document claiming their formula is from the last century and that we copied them. I hope they go bankrupt tomorrow!"

"Calm down."

Charlotte was initially annoyed, but seeing Taylor so angry made her laugh."Are you really not planning to grow your hair out? You look like a sea urchin right now."

"Get lost, I'm pissed."

Taylor wasn't in the mood for jokes.

Charlotte got serious. "Don't get so worked up. We need to focus on an internal investigation."

"Internal investigation?" Taylor gasped. "You think someone inside leaked the formula?" "Yes." Charlotte nodded, her expression serious. "The perfume EX Company copied is something I perfected after countless trials. Without the formula. they couldn't have mimicked it so closely."

Taylor slammed the table in anger.

"If that's true, I won't let them get away with it!"

There weren't many people in the company who knew the formula;they were all senior members. Taylor couldn't believe one of them would do such a thing.
Charlotte felt the weight of the situation too.

Even though she hadn't been hands-on with the company's management since getting married, Charlotte had put a lot of effort into its founding.and she knew everyone there well.

She really didn't want things to get messy.

Charlotte patted Taylor's shoulder. "You handle the internaI investigation,and I'll take care of the external PR."

They split up to tackle the problem.

Charlotte first reached out to her media contacts.

But as soon as she explained why she was calling, they hung up on her.

Charlotte frowned and called back. It rang for a while before someone picked up again. "Don't call me again," the person whispered. "I can't help you. EX Company has powerful connections and already talked to my boss. There's nothing I can do.""Then give me your boss's contact info." "No way. I'd get fired. Don't contact me again. Small companies like yours just have to deal with it. EX Company is an international brand;you can't fight them."
And with that, they hung up.

"Hello?"


Charlotte tried calling back, but she got a busy signal. She'd been blocked.


She hadn't expected EX Company to be so ruthless, hiring trolls to smear her company and silencing the media.

'Fine, if they want to play hardball...'


Since she hadn't divorced Frederick yet, she decided to use the Percy family's power.

No matter how big EX Company was, they had to respect the Percy Family here.

With that in mind, Charlotte headed back to the house she shared with Frederick.

She needed his help, so she decided to show him some respect. Besides,some things couldn't be explained over the phone; she needed to talk to him in person. On the way, she tried calling Frederick to see if he was home from the hospital, but she couldn't get through. "Never mind, I'll wait if I have to." When she arrived at the villa, the butler greeted her respectfully,though he seemed a bit uneasy. In a hurry, Charlotte didn't notice."Is Frederick home?"

"Yes," the butler replied stiffly. Before he could say more, Charlotte rushed upstairs.
The butler watched her go, his heart pounding.

Charlotte reached the bedroom door but hesitated.

She remembered aIl the passionate nights they'd spent there, and her hand paused on the doorknob.

She needed his help, but what if Frederick wanted to take advantage of the situation?

She had a child now and didn't want to have sex with him. It might be better to invite him downstairs to talk.


She knocked, feeling unexpectedly nervous.

Hearing footsteps inside, she frowned. They didn't sound like Frederick's.

The door opened, and there stood Serena,towel-drying her wet hair,water dripping into her cleavage.

She was wearing a silk robe that belonged to Charlotte.

"What are you doing here? Where's Frederick?" Charlotte's emotions were all over the place.
###Chapter 11

Faced with Charlotte's questioning, Serena barely flinched. She leaned casually against the door, blocking Charlotte's view with her body and throwing a sly smile towards the bathroom.

"He's still soaking in the tub. Need something?" Serena asked, her tone dripping with nonchalance.

Charlotte wobbled, almost losing her balance, her heart aching with bitterness. 'In the bathtub, their wet bodies... Frederick, are you really that eager to bring her home?'

They weren't even officially divorced, but he had already brought Serena home, and even they had sex in her bathtub.

Seeing Serena standing barefoot on the carpet she had picked out, wearing her silk nightgown, Charlotte felt like the biggest fool in the world. She had actually worried about being forced into a sexual encounter if she went into the bedroom to find Frederick. But Frederick already had a new lover.
"Ms. Russell, if you have something to say, you can tell me first. I'll pass it on to Frederick," Serena said, blinking her big, innocent eyes at her.
Charlotte's throat tightened, the bitterness almost choking her. She was silent for a moment before finding her voice again. "No need to trouble you. I'll talk to him when he's free," "You! How dare you insult me?" Serena's face twisted with rage as she wanted to tear Charlotte apart."Did I insult you? I didn't mention your name. Are you admitting it?"Charlotte, having gained the upper hand, felt a bit better. She met Serena's murderous gaze and left the villa. turned her head away, disgusted.

"Ms. Russell, I'll be direct. You and Frederick have already signed the divorce agreement, so technically, you're already separated. I will be his future wife," Serena said, her tone calm and composed.

Charlotte re-evaluated her. Serena, who always appeared weak and helpless in front of Frederick, was now speaking with a calm, composed,and calculating demeanor. Perhaps this was the real Serena.

Charlotte didn't want to get tangled up with her. "Just spit it out; no need to show off."


"Alright, I'll be direct," Serena sneered. "I hope you stay away from Frederick and never appear in our sight again. Don't use any pretext to approach him, as it will cause trouble between us."

She added, "Especially in situations like tonight,it's really easy for me to misunderstand that you're here to offer yourself, which is really cheap."

Serena finished with a mocking smile. Charlotte's anger flared, but she smiled brightly.

"When it comes to being cheap, I can't compare with someone. After all, I wouldn't move into a man's house and wear his wife's bathrobe before he's divorced," Charlotte retorted. As she was leaving, Charlotte glanced back towards the bedroom.

They had been arguing so loudly, yet Frederick hadn't come out. 'What a heartless man, Charlotte thought as she left.

Just as she was leaving, Frederick emerged from the study at the far end of the second floor. He took off his headphones, looking around in confusion. During his video meeting, he had vaguely heard Charlotte's voice. He originally thought it was impossible, but after the meeting,he couldn't help but come out to check.

"Frederick, are you done?" Serena asked, feeling a bit nervous. Luckily,Frederick came out late, or, he would have seen her earlier demeanor.

"Serena, why are you in thisroom?" Frederick asked,puzzled.

"I don't like the guest room. I prefer this bedroom," Serena pouted, trying to rub her chest against Frederick's arm. Frederick felt slightly uncomfortable and avoided her, asking, "I thought I heárd you talking to someone. Did someone come by?" For some reason, he hoped it was Charlotte.

Serena immediately denied, "No, I was just talking to the butler."The butler,standing downstairs, was stunned but could only nod in agreement.Serena would be Frederick's new wife, and he couldn't offend her. Frederick frowned slightly. He felt something was off with their reactions but couldn't pinpoint what. He checked his phone and saw a missed call from Charlotte. Frederick's eyeslit up, but he suppressed his excitement.saying,"If you like it here, you can stay. I'll sleep in the study for now.Get to bed early, and call me if you need anything." He quickly turned to leave. "Frederick!" Serena called out anxiously but could only wwatch as Frederick returned to the study. She stomped her foot in frustration, cursing Charlotte in her heart. That damn Charlotte!'

If it weren't for Charlotte's sudden appearance, she would have already prepared and confidently seduced Frederick. But now Frederick had returned to the study, making her efforts to leave the hospital pointless.Damn it!

Meanwhile, Frederick returned to the study and immediately called Charlotte back. He cleared his throat, trying to make his voice deeper. But after a long time with no answer, Frederick's patience wore thin. After two unanswered calls, Frederick irritably threw his phone aside. What did Charlotte mean? She had contacted him first, and when he kindly called back,she didn't answer. How dare she play him!

Just as Frederick was getting agitated, the study lights suddenly went out,plunging the room into darkness. Frederick frowned, about to stand up,when the study door opened. Light from outside streamed into the dim study,revealing only the silhouette of the person at the door.

Serena stood against the light, slowly removing her robe, leaving only a slip dress clinging to her body, her silhouette alluring.
Frederick then noticed Serena was wearing Charlotte's clothes. The slip dress under the silk robe was Charlotte's favorite. Whenever Charlotte wore it, it always aroused his sexual desire,making him unable to resist. But the same dress on Serena failed to highlight her curves, making her look like a schoolgirl, devoid of any allure.
###Chapter 12

Frederick could tell what Serena was up to right away and let out a silent sigh.

He wasn't into Serena at the moment, and with her being in the risky months of pregnancy, they had to keep things cool.

"Serena, cut it out. Turn on the light."

Frederick felt a bit annoyed but still spoke to Serena gently.

Seeing he didn't push her away right away, Serena got bolder.

She swayed her hips and straddled him.

Frederick's body went rigid. He wanted to push her off but didn't want to hurt her or the baby.

"What are you doing? Get down."

Frederick's voice had a serious edge to it.

Serena's tears started falling on Frederick's chest.

She buried her face in his neck and said weakly, "Do you hate me? Or do you regret it and don't want to marry me?"

"How could that be?" Frederick didn't expect her to be so sensitive and tried to comfort her,"Don't worry, no matter whose baby it is... I'll take responsibility."Even with Frederick's promise, Serena didn't give up. She started pulling down her slip dress. If the room wasn't so dim,Frederick would have seen everything.

"Frederick, I want to really be your woman. Can you..."


Frederick raised his hand to stop her and gently moved her off his lap.

He began unbuttoning his shirt, which gave Serena hope again.


But to her surprise, Frederick took it off and wrapped it around her like a cocoon.


"Frederick?" Serena couldn't believe it.

Logically, Frederick had been abstinent for days. With her throwing herself at him,how could he resist?

Was she not attractive enough?

"Serena, I haven't sorted out my marriage yet, and you're still pregnant.We have plenty of time. Don't rush."

Frederick cajoled Serena back to her bedroom.

To avoid Serena throwing herself at him again, Frederick changed his clothes and headed back to the office to work overtime.
Halfway there, he got a call from his buddy Gavin Smith.
When he got to the bar, Gavin was already there. "What's up?"
 "Charlotte's in a VIP room. I couldn't get in. Don't lose your cool when you see her," Gavin advised."What?" Frederick asked, not slowing down. "Get to the point." Frederick frowned. He was in a bad mood and didn't want to waste time.

"I saw Charlotte in the next private room! Did you guys havea fight? She's drinking and looks really sad. Do you want to come get her?"

"Where?"

Frederick's frown deepened, and he didn't waste any words.


After Gavin told him the location, Frederick turned the car around and floored it. His car sped through traffic like a bolt of lightning.

Frederick was furious.

He couldn't understand why Charlotte would be in such a place at this time.


And she was drunk!

If Gavin hadn't spotted Charlotte today,if he hadn't told him... If Charlotte got drunk and someone took advantage of her...

The thought of that made Frederick's blood run cold.


"Is she crazy?"
Frederick floored the gas pedal, but it still felt too slowv.He wished he could sprout wings and fly, anything to get there faster. Gavin thought about what he'd seen and could only worry for Charlotte.

"Uh... you'd better see for yourself," Gavin said, unable to describe it.


Frederick was led to Charlotte's room. The attendant at the door saw Frederick storming towards him with anger and stepped forward.

"Sir, this is a VIP room. You can't go in..."

But before the attendant could finish, Frederick shoved him aside, sending him stumbling backward.


He pushed past anyone in his way and kicked open the door.

Gavin followed and then covered his eyes in despair.

Charlotte had gone too far.

She was already drunk, shaking dice in her hand. As Frederick barged in,she opened the dice cup and laughed excitedly, then sedúctively pulled the boy next to her.

"Take your clothes off! You lost! Hurry up and take it off!" she said with sultry eyes.

Seeing this, Frederick's anger boiled over.

 
He grabbed Charlotte's wrist roughly. All she remembered was that she came out to have fun!She stumbled and fell into a strong, familiar embrace. "Why aren't you taking off your clothes?" she mumbled, reaching to touch Frederick yanked Charlotte off the sofa, wanting to take her away immediately, fearing he mnight lose control and do something he'd regret. "Who are you? Let her go,or I'll call security!" the gigolo grabbed Charlotte's other arm.

Frederick stared at him, his gaze icy.

"If you don't want to die, let go of her."

Frederick threatened.

Gavin,seeing how angry Frederick was and fearing he might actually hurt the gigolo, quickly stepped in.

He pointed at the gigolo and loudly said, "Get out. Mr. Percy can crush you like an ant."

"Percy..."

Hearing the surname, the gigolo's heavily made-up face turned even paler.

He glanced at Frederick, knowing he couldn't win, and cowardly let go of Charlotte.

After the gigolo slunk away, Gavin tactfully exited as well, guarding the door for Frederick.

Charlotte was too drunk to know what was going on.

The muasic was blaring, and she vaguely heard arguing but couldn't make out what it was about. Frederick's chest but finding he was still dressed.
###Chapter 13

"You lost, no cheating. Take it off and let me touch."

Charlotte's eyes were half-closed, but her hands were quick as she unbuttoned Frederick's shirt.

She boldly kneaded his chest muscles.

Seemingly satisfied with the familiar feel, Charlotte kept kneading while teasing his nipple with her pinky.

Frederick took a sharp breath and grabbed her mischievous hand.

Charlotte had never been this bold before.

Normally, he would have enjoyed her initiative, but the more she teased today,the angrier he got.

Charlotte was teasing another man! She was treating him like a stand-in!


"Charlotte."
Frederick gritted his teeth and pinched her chin, forcing her to look at him."Open your eyes and look carefully, who am I?"
Charlotte drowsily opened her eyes, but she couldn't see him clearly.

This person was strange, having four eyes and two mouths. "How can there be two mouths..." Charlotte mumbled to herself, suddenly leaning forward, pushing Frederick down onto the sofa, and pressing her lips to his. She could kiss them to determine which one felt like the real mouth.

As their lips and teeth intertwined, the familiar taste made Charlotte sink deeper, the familiar feeling putting her at ease.

Frederick initially resisted, but as the scent of alcohol and her sweetness hit him, his desire was instantly aroused.

Frederick took the lead and deepened the kiss, tearing at her dress.


Charlotte was also very aroused, actively responding, her hands restlessly igniting fires on his body.

Their clothes gradually fell away.

Their breath grew increasingly hot.

Charlotte straddled Frederick's lap, with only the thin fabric of their underwear separating them.

Frederick felt his cock throbbing beneath her; only Charlotte could ignite his desire.

Even though Serena had sat in his laplike this before, he had no desire.

At this moment, he was still angry with Charlotte, but his body was exceptionally honest to her.
 
"I'm so uncomfortable." Charlotte gently twisted her waist, feeling very hot under the influence of alcohol. She could feel the man's hot erection beneath her, knowing he could make her happy if he was willing, but he was hesitating and not entering her body.

Frederick punished her by biting her neck, his cock aching with hardness.

"Say,who am I?"

Frederick stubbornly endured the torment of desire alongside her,seeking an answer from her.

"I want... give it to me..."

Charlotte's voice was incredibly seductive, with a hint of urgency and a sob,practically begging him.

Frederick almost lost control, but he still held back, persistently asking,"
Look carefully,who am I?"

Frederick gripped her neck with force.


Charlotte felt a moment of suffocation, her already broken rationality returning a bit.

She could feel the large cock beneath her, thinking about having sex with such a man would hurt her baby.

Charlotte couldn't tell who the man beneath her was, but thinking about the baby, she wanted to leave.

"No, I don't want this anymore," She absolutely couldn't do anything to harm her baby; she almost made a huge mistake. Frederick's heart sank. Did Charlotte recognize him?

After recognizing him, she refused to continue,proving that she had truly been treating him as someone else before!

Realizing this, Frederick's anger became uncontrollable.


His large hands, like pincers, firmly controlled Charlotte's shoulders,forcing her to sit in his lap, not letting her escape.

"I don't want it, let me go!"


Charlotte struggled violently like a fish out of water.


But the more she moved, the more aroused they became, and Frederick's cock swelled even more.


"Now you want to run? Too late!"

Frederick, burning with rage,ignored her refusal and forcefully pulled off her panties before entering her.

"No!"
Charlotte used all her strength to dodge, but the difference in their strength was too great.
In her anger and desperation, she bit down hard on Frederick's shoulder,wishing to tear off a piece of his flesh. Frederick felt the pain but let her bite, his thrusts becoming rougher. When he finally fully entered, the extreme sensation made him let out a groan. But then, he saw Charlotte's face full of tears.

Frederick froze, stopping his movements, and they remained in a strange silence in their joined position.

"No, please,let me go."

The alcohol in Charlotte's system once again took hold, but she still pleaded.


Frederick, feeling conflicted, raised his hand to wipe her tears, but they kept flowing.

He felt a bit irritated.

They had been married for years. His desire was strong, and he knew Charlotte was always exhausted by their sexual activities, but she had never refused him.

But this time,Charlotte's tears made him reluctant to continue.

His cock was still erect, but Frederick silently withdrew it from her body.

Charlotte felt the cock leave her, her tense emotions relaxing, and she instantly fell unconscious.
Frederick held the limp Charlotte, cursing his damn gentlemanly behavior tonight. He could avoid entering her body, but he could find other ways to satisfy his desire. The next day. When Charlotte woke up, she still felt dizzy, the alcohol not fully worn off. She opened her sleepy eyes, wanting to stretch, but felt something heavy on her.

Charlotte's eyes widened, and she instantly woke up.

Last night's memories flooded her mind like a tide!

She had felt upset after discovering Frederick and Serena together and went to drink.

Bored with drinking, she boldly called a very obedient gigolo, and they drank more and more.


Her memories after getting drunk were fragmented, but every fragment was equally erotic.

She looked down.

Seeing her naked body and the man's arm draped over her, Charlotte was stunned.

'I had sex with a gigolo!'

In shock. Charlotte didn't dare turn to look at the man's face beside her.

So she didn't notice Frederick had already opened his eyes, watching her with a very dangerous look.
###Chapter 14

Right now, all Charlotte wanted was to get to the hospital ASAP.

She needed to make sure the baby was okay and check if this guy was healthy and not carrying any diseases.

Charlotte didn't blame the guy; she blamed herself for getting drunk.

If her little moment of fun caused any issues for the baby, she'd never forgive herself.

She grabbed all the cash from her wallet, placed it gently on the pillow,and got ready to sneak out.

But as she was getting dressed, she noticed her arm, inner thighs,the back of her hand, and her palm were all red, like they'd been rubbed raw.

"Oh,my god."

Seeing those marks and piecing together her fuzzy memories,Charlotte felt a chill run down her spine.
She knew these gigolos could be wild, but she didn't expect this one to be such a freak.
Feeling ashamed and angry, Charlotte grabbed her clothes and was about to leave when someone suddenly grabbed her wrist.She screamed in fright."Let go of me. I left all my cash for you. If it's not enough,I can transfer more." Charlotte stiffened, not daring to turn around,trying to stay calm. Hearing this, Frederick tightened his grip.

'This damn woman! She really thinks I'm the gigolo from last night!

He shouldn't have been so gentle last night and should've been rougher.

"Alright, how much are you planning to transfer to me?" Frederick's tone was cold and distant.

Hearing the familiar voice, Charlotte was stunned.

She turned her head in disbelief.

Seeing Frederick's face,she felt a huge sense of relief!

It was better to be with Frederick than with a stranger; at least she felt more at ease.


"Why is it you?"

Charlotte realized she might've said the wrong thing as soon as she spoke.

Sure enough, Frederick's aura got even colder, and his voice was filled with anger, "Then who did you think it was?"
Frederick's tone was mocking, "You've had sex with me countless times.Do you think that weak gigolo from last night could satisfy you?"

Charlotte heard his sarcasm and felt annoyed.So she snapped back, "Whether I'm satisfied or not has nothing to do with you. Just focus on satisfying Serena and mind your own business." "Why are you bringing her up?" Frederick frowned instinctively, "There's nothing between me and her. But you're the one who hired a gigolo out of loneliness."

Charlotte suddenly laughed, like she'd heard the funniest joke ever.

"Nothing between you and her? Frederick, I never realized you were such a hypocrite."

For years, she never doubted his words.


Frederick always prided himself on not lying. But now he was lying to her!

"What do you mean? Make yourself clear."

Frederick's eyes were sharp. "No matter what happens in the future,I've never betrayed or deceived you in our marriage. I don't do that."

Frederick was also angry that Charlotte was questioning his character.

Seeing him so self-righteous, Charlotte raised her voice too.

She said, "No betrayal? You brought Serena home overnight. No deception?You and her took a bath and made love in my bathtub. Isn't that what you did?"

"No! You're talking nonsense!"
Frederick shot back immediately, but then something clicked. "Wait, did you come home lookíng for me last night? And you talked to Serena at the door?" If that was true, it meant he hadn't misheard last night; it really was Charlotte's voice.Hearing this, Charlotte crossed her arms and sneered. "So you finally remember? Still gonna deny it?"

"Idiot! Did you actually see me and Serena in the bathroom together?From start to finish, you only saw Serena, right?" Frederick knocked her on the forehead.


Charlotte covered her forehead, her mind racing.

Yesterday,she indeed only saw Serena and didn't see them together.

'Could it be that it was all Serena's lies?

"Then where were you? You didn't answer my call, and you didn't show up. Who knows if you were hiding in the bathroom."

Charlotte grumbled, but her tone was less aggressive.

"I was in the study having an online meeting. You know the study is the most soundproof room. Remember when you were screaming on my desk?No one outside could hear a thing."

"Shut up!"
Charlotte didn't expect him to bring thatup and was so embarrassed she tried to cover his mouth.
Frederick took the chance to grab her hand and kissed it repeatedly.


"So you did come looking for me last night." Frederick stated this with certainty, feeling a bit better. "So what? Even if you didn't bathe together, you still brought Serena home and let her stay in my room, even wearing my gown." Charlotte pulled her hand away, still not ready to let this go.

Frederick pursed his lips.

He knew he messed up. Even if Serena begged him to discharge her,he should've arranged for her to stay somewhere else, at least until he and Charlotte were completely divorced.

Although he had let Serena stay in the guest room, she sneaked into the master bedroom while he was in a meeting.

Frederick wouldn't explain this.

On one hand, it would be bad for Serena if he said it. On the other hand,even if he explained, Charlotte might not believe him.

Charlotte didn't know what Frederick was thinking; she only saw his prolonged silence.

So her heart, which had just warmed a bit, turned cold again.

Indeed, she shouldn't have any expectations of him!

Frederick opened his mouth but didn't explain. He only said, "Let's make a deal. Before we're completely divorced, I won't have sex with Serena,and you can't go to bars or get involved with other men."

Charlotte was very disdainful of his words. "With your connections, you can track me even if I just have a drink. How could I have the chance to cheat? Instead of making demands on me,you should manage yourself better." Although Charlotte spoke toughly, she warned herself inwardly that this must never happen again. Now she recalled some memories from last night.

After Frederick saw her crying, he really didn't enter her again. Although he made her hands sore and body ache, he didn't harm her or the baby.

But if it had been a stranger last night, how could he have let her go?
###Chapter 15

Charlotte still wouldn't be kind to him.

Even though Frederick respected her wishes last night, he still crossed the line with her.

He even touched her in places he shouldn't have; it was really creepy.

Seeing that Charlotte hadn't responded for a while, Frederick got angry.

Frederick glared at her. "Are you seriously thinking about other guys?"

He thought, 'Who? That guy from last night?'

Charlotte was taken aback for a moment, then frowned.

"What are you talking about? That's ridiculous!"

She didn't have time for Frederick's crazy ideas; she just wanted to leave.But right then, Frederick's phone rang.
Charlotte thought it was Serena, and she got even more annoyed.She glared at Frederick and said, "Let. Me. Go!"
She still couldn't get over what happened last night. "You should answer your lover's call quickly, if you're late she might pretend to be sick again!" 
Frederick clenched his jaw in frustration. He couldn't believe that the usually sweet and obedient Charlotte would say such harsh things.He finally let go of her hand and answered the phone. When he saw the caller ID, he had a bad feeling. Charlotte saw it too and was just as surprised.

The call was from the butler of the Percy Estate, and she had no idea why he was calling.

'Did something happen to Anouk?

Charlotte immediately sat back on the edge of the bed, leaning close to Frederick's phoneto hear what the butler was saying.

Frederick put the call on speaker, and the butler's voice came through loud and clear.


The butler's anxious voice said, "Mr. Percy, Mrs. Anouk Percy had an accident and fell down the stairs from the second floor. The family doctor is treating her, and it looks like she has a fracture. Please come back as soon as you can."

"Okay, I'll be right back."

Frederick's voice was calm and steady, though he was very worried about Anouk. Years of leading the Percy Family had given him great composure.

After hanging up the phone, Frederick quickly had his men prepare a clean set of clothes to be sent over.
Last night's events were too intense; their "battle" had moved from the bar's private room to the top-floor guest room. Frederick's high-end suit jacket and shirt were now in tatters.

"Have him bring a set for me too," Charlotte quickly said.

Frederick got up and put on his pants. "Don't make trouble, I'm in a hurry." "I'm not making trouble, grandma had an accident, I have to go too.But my dress is already torn to shreds, even if I'm not going to see grandma,can I go out wearing it?"

She shot Frederick an accusing look; after all, this was all his fault!

Frederick coughed lightly, feeling a bit guilty as he looked away,and immediately instructed his men to bring a set of clothes for Charlotte as well.


Then he said to her, "I didn't expect you would want to go back with me."

It was not surprising that Frederick thought this way, given the disappointment in Charlotte's eyes just now and her eagerness to escape, it was clear she didn't want to be involved with him..

Charlotte had put on her underwear and turned around somewhat helplessly.

She looked at Frederick and said, "It's not that I want to go back with you,I'm just worried about Grandma and want to see her. When I married into the Percy Family, everyone looked down on me. Some mocked me behind my back, while others insulted me to my face. During that time,only Grandma stood up for me."
Charlotte remembered Anouk's kindness, and a small smile finally appeared on her face. She continued, "Back then, Grandma stood up for me and introduced me to everyone herself. She showed them how much she valued me, so they'd think twice before speaking ill of me." "I will always remember Grandma's kindness to me, and now that she's had an accident, of course, I will go." 
After hearing Charlotte's long speech, Frederick felt conflicted.

When she denied that she was returning to the Percy Estate for him,he felt a bit unhappy.

But when he heard that, at the beginning of their marriage, someone in the Percy Family dared to criticize her, he felt displeased.

No matter what Charlotte's status was before marrying him, she was his wife after marrying him.

Those people attacking Charlotte so recklessly wasn't because they didn't like her, but because they were dissatisfied with him. But instead of confronting him directly, they chose to disgustingly attack Charlotte.

Fortunately,Anouk helped her.

Otherwise, Frederick didn't dare to think how helpless and wronged Charlotte must have felt at that time.

Frederick thought about this and felt a bit of pain in his heart, as if something cold and hard suddenly became soft.
His mind was in turmoil, and he suddenly pulled Charlotte into his arms gently.
Charlotte was stunned for a moment by his action, not understanding what he wanted to do.


"1,⋯"
Just as Frederick was about to say something, the assistant knocked on the door with the clothes.
Charlotte heard the knock and quickly pulled away from his embrace,then hid a secret corner.

Frederick took the clothes, and the two of them changed as quickly as possible and rushed back to the Percy Estate.

When they arrived, Anouk's leg had already been put in a cast, the whole leg wrapped like a mummy.

Anouk was resting with her eyes closed, her expression pained, and her forehead hair soaked with sweat.

Frederick didn't disturb Anouk, just took a look and then caled the doctor outside to ask, "How is Grandma?"


"Mrs. Anouk Percy has broken a leg. Considering she fell from the second floor, it's fortunate that she only sustained a leg injury and suffered no further harm," the doctor answered truthfully.

Elderly individuals were naturally prone to osteoporosis,so falling from such a height without sustaining a head injury or intracranial bleeding was indeed very fortunate.

Charlotte asked with concern, "Will there be any lasting effects?"

Anouk's health was already not good,and she had a strong personality. If she were to be left with any disability after this, Charlotte worried that Anouk wouldn't be able to accept it. "There shouldn't be. I wiIl provide full treatment for Mrs. Anouk Percy.As long as she is properly cared for, there won't be any lasting effects,"the doctor reassured,very dedicated.
###Chapter 16

"Thanks a lot, Doc. Appreciate all your hard work."

Charlotte gave the doctor a grateful nod and asked,"If Grandma wakes up,can we chat with her? Will it mess with her rest?"
"Nah,it won't. She went through a lot with the treatment, so she's pretty wiped out. But it's been an hour, so she should be feeling a bit better now.Having family around to talk to her will lift her spirits, which is great for her recovery."

"Frederick, I want to go in and be with Grandma," Charlotte said,looking up at him.

A warm light flickered in Frederick's eyes, and he said, "Sure thing."

Charlotte went to Anouk's bedside and gently held her hand.

Years of good care had kept Anouk's skin surprisingly smooth for her age,and her nails were neatly trimmed, making her look quite youthful.

But right now, Anouk lay there weakly asleep, her face much paler than before, and her frail appearance made Charlotte's heart ache.

At that moment, some Percy Family relatives noticed Frederick didn't come in, only Charlotte, and couldn't help but mock her.

"Charlotte, I heard you and Frederick are getting a divorce. Why keep up the act now?" "Yeah! Are you trying to butter up Anouk to get more money in the divorce?" Charlotte sensed the malice in their words, glared at them angrily, but didn't bother to respond.

Seeing Charlotte's silence, they thought she was scared and got even bolder.

"Not to mention, Anouk's fall is really your fault!"


Charlotte frowned and finally spoke, "How is it my fault?"

One of them raised their voice, "You just came over to talk about the divorce,and then Anouk fell. Maybe she was worried about you two and got distracted."

Charlotte's frown deepened. She wanted to argue back, but a part of her wondered if they might be right.

Anouk was indeed very concerned about their divorce.

Charlotte thought, 'Could Grandma's fall really be because of me?

Seeing Charlotte still silent, the person got even more smug. "Feeling guilty won't change anything. Anouk is in this state because of you, no matter how much you try to please her now."
"When Frederick marriedI you, I knew you weren't a good person. And now you're getting divorced,right?"
"If youI're getting divorced, just do it quietly. Why make Anouk worry?I think you just want Anouk to back you up so you can get moremoney." The person continued, "Even though Frederick is the head of the Percy Family, the family's money belongs to alI of us. You better stop scheming to take a single dollar from us!" The person got more and more carried away, completely unaware that 
Frederick had finished talking with the doctor and returned to the room.

Charlotte saw Frederick when she was about to retort angrily but closed her mouth because of Frederick's grim expression.

With Frederick here, there was no need to waste words with these people.

Sure enough, Frederick's lips curled into a cold smile, and he shot the person a frosty look.

"I didn't realize the Percy Family's money was up for grabs by leeches like you."


Frederick's voice made the person shiver and turn stiffly, not daring to meet his gaze.

Seeing this, Frederick's disdain grew.

"Why so quiet? Cat got your tongue? You were pretty chatty just a minute ago.Speak up!"

"I...I..."

The person stammered, looking around for help, but the others who had been chiming in were now all silent.
Frederick glanced around at everyone and said sternly, "From now on, I don't want to hear any of you discussing anything about me. If I find out,your family's year-end bonuses will be canceled." "No!" "We rely on those bonuses to live. You can't be so heartless! We won't talk anymore,okay?" When it came to their own interests, everyone in the room finally got scared.
One quick-witted person even came over to apologize to Charlotte,".
Charlotte, I'm sorry. We shouldn't have treated you like that. Please forgive us."

Charlotte found their quick change of attitude laughable.

She didn't respond to their apologies and had no intention of forgiving anyone.

If apologies were enough, why would we need the police?

Charlotte ignored them but looked at Frederick with a probing gaze.

For some reason, she felt that Frederick was not upset just about what had just happened, but also about the grievances she had suffered when she married into the Percy family.

'Could it be that Frederick is really standing up for me?

Charlotte's heart rippled with emotion, and she had to admit that she was a little moved.


But then she thought of Serena's face, and the small spark in her heart was immediately extinguished.


Even if Frederick stood up for her, so what? Their divorce was already a done deal. "Charlotte... you're here..."Anouk slowly woke up and smiled when she saw Charlotte by her side. "Anouk, you're awake! We're all here to see you..."

The Percy Family members in the room immediately gathered around,talking over each other, hoping Anouk would remember their visit.

Frederick found the room very annoying.

He frowned impatiently and shouted, "Shut up! You've shown your faces,now get out."

"We're also members of the Percy Family. Why can't we take care of Anouk?"


Someone muttered, but was immediately caught off guard a cold glare from Frederick.

The people around quickly pulled him away and left the roomin a hurry.


Once everyone was gone, Charlotte crouched down next to Anouk.

Charlotte asked guiltily, "Grandma, did you fall because you were distracted by our divorce?"

Anouk's eyes were full of love. She raised her hand to touch Charlotte's hair.

"Silly child, it has nothing to do with you." Anouk sighed and said,"Remember, never take responsibility for things like this, especially in our family. Even if it is related to you, don't take the blame, let alone when it has nothing todo with you."
###Chapter 17

"Grandma."

Charlotte suddenly felt a lump in her throat. She knew Anouk was trying to teach her a life lesson.

If Anouk had scolded her a bit, she might have felt better, but Anouk not only didn't blame her but also comforted her,which made her feel even more guilty.

Anouk patted her hand. "Don't cry, it's really not your fault. I'm just getting old, and my leg gave out suddenly,causing me to fall."

Frederick took the opportunity to chime in, "I've been telling you to move to the first floor for years. Why not take this chance to move down?I've already set up a room for you on the first floor."

"Alright, I'll listen to you."

Anouk's eyes dimmed. "Frederick, move my things downstairs, especially your grandfather's items. Make sure nothing gets damaged. I trust you to do it yourself."
Frederick nodded silently and started moving the items out.

After he left, Charlotte asked, "Grandma, since the room downstairs has been ready for a long time, why haven't you moved in?" Anouk's eyes were full of nostalgia. "This room was my and my husband's wedding room. I'vegotten used to it and didn't want to change." Charlotte looked at her and knew that Anouk was reluctant to leave. 
Charlotte also advised, "For your safety, it's more convenient to live downstairs. Your wedding room will always be here, and you can come in anytime if you miss Grandpa."

Anouk nodded and then paused.

She then-said, "Charlotte, don't blame me for being naggy. I really hope you can reconsider your marriage with Frederick. You are both good kids,and I don't want to see you two part ways. Your grandfather and I used to argue a lot, but now I only have fond memories of those times."

Charlotte's smile faded a bit.

Charlotte forced a bitter smile and shook her head. "Grandma, it's different.Frederick married me out of obligation, and he had someone else in his heart. That girl had an accident, but now she's recovered, so it's impossible for us to continue our marriage now."

"Serena,I know her."

Anouk's tone turned cold, "Even if she hadn't had the accident,she wouldn't have married into the Percy family. After all these years, it's even more impossible."
Charlotte was surprised that Anouk knew Serena's name.


She asked in confusion, "Why?""There are things Frederick doesn't know, but I must stop them." Anouk's tone was firm and cold when mentioning Serena, but she didn't elaborate, clearly not wanting to talk about it. Charlotte was curious and wanted to ask more, but before she could. Frederick returned.

"Grandma, I've moved Grandpa's things. There are identical living items in the downstairs room. You can move down when your leg heals."

Frederick's tone was gentle; it was rare for him to speak s0 much.

"Alright, I'll listen to you."

Anouk looked at them with satisfaction and said, "I'm tired and want to rest for a while. You two should go back. The doctor will take care of me,so don't worry."


"Okay then."

Charlotte wanted to stay with her a bit longer but didn't want to disturb her rest.

As soon as Charlotte stood up, she felt dizzy and almost fell.

Frederick wanted to help her, but Charlotte avoided him and steadied herself against the wall.
She was fine, just squatted too long, and being pregnant made her a bit weak.
"Charlotte, what's wrong? Frederick, get the doctor to check on her."


Anouk was very concerned about her. After a moment, Charlotte stopped them, "No need to call the doctor.I'm fine," If the doctor came,her pregnancy would be revealed. Since she didn't want Frederick to know from the start,she didn't want him to find out now.

She didn't want to be entangled with Frederick anymore. If he and Anouk knew she was pregnant, the divorce would be even harder.

"Are you sure you're okay?"

Frederick pursed his lips, staring at Charlotte.

He felt Charlotte shouldn't be this weak and thought she might be seeking sympathy.

"I'm fine."

Charlotte spoke coldly, not looking at Frederick but smiling at Anouk.

Then she said, "Grandma, my leg just went numb from squatting. See, I'm really fine."
To prove she was okay, she spun around in place.


Seeing she was fine, Anouk let them go.

When they left the Percy Estate, Charlotte insisted on not taking Frederick's car.

"What are you fussing about now?" Frederick felt a headache."I'm not fussing. I just don't want to be left behind again, so I'll take a cab myself. No need to trouble you." Charlotte said, trying to walk past him. Frederick grabbed her arm and said, "First, you can't get a cab here. Second,you asked me to leave you by the roadside last time. What are you fussing about?"

He couldn't understand her thoughts. If anyone should be angry about last time, shouldn't it be him?


Charlotte sneered,realizing there was no need to argue with Frederick.

Charlotte decided to be blunt. "I didn't want to take care of your mistress in the hospital with you so I let you leave me by the roadside! Frederick, I'm not that cheap!"


"You!"

Frederick felt helpless. He had only said he was going to see Serena in the hospital.

"Just get the divorce done soon. I wish you both happiness in advance!"

Charotte stood her ground, and they were at an impasse.

"The divorce is postponed, at least until Grandma recovers. The doctor told me her heart isn't good. This fall wasn't just a fracture; it also affected her heart. So, no more talkof divorce for now."
Frederick spoke formally, but Charlotte was angry with his words.

The divorce was entirely up to Frederick, with no choice for her. "Whatever. Let me know when we can divorce." Charlotte said, walking away. At the Percy Estate gate, a luxury car was waiting.Frederick wanted to follow, but saw a short-haired man get out of the driver's seat and open the door for Charlotte.

Frederick couldn't see the man's face clearly because it was dark.

He could only vaguely see the man was handsome and seemed very intimate with Charlotte.


Especially Charlotte, who smiled at the man sweetly!

Frederick's face instantly turned cold.

By dawn, he needed to know everything about this man.

'Damn Charlotte, when did she secretly acquaint herself with such a man?
###Chapter 18

Charlotte sat in the passenger seat, watching Frederick shrink in the rearview mirror.

It wasn't until the car turned a corner and he was out of sight that she stretched and finally relaxed. "I'm starving. Let's grab some food."

"Sure thing."

Taylor agreed right away but still looked a bit shaken. "Charlotte,did you see the way Frederick looked at me just now? It was like he wanted to kill me."

She ran a hand through her short hair, her forehead already sweaty.

"No way. You two don't even know each other."

Charlotte thought back carefully, figuring Frederick had no reason to give Taylor a hard time, but Frederick was always unpredictabe,so who knew.

"I don't know what his deal was. If he gives you any trouble next time,just let me know," Charlotte advised.

"Okay."
Taylor agreed quickly, then asked, "You didn't come back all night yesterday. Where were you? And today you asked me to pick you up at the Percy Estate. Could it be that last night... you two..." Taylor gasped dramatically,eyeing Charlotte with suspicion.Charlotte knew exactly what she was thinking. Even though Taylor's suspicions were spot on, she already knew about the divorce. If Taylor found out she was with Frederick last night,she'd definitely get grilled, so Charlotte had to lie.

Charlotte cleared her throat and said, "Don't overthink it. I was trying to figure out how to deal with the media yesterday. Things got messy,so I got frustrated and went to a bar to drink. I got drunk and crashed at the bar."


Most of what Charlotte said was true, except she left out the part where Frederick showed up after she got drunk.

"Really?"

Taylor eyed her suspiciously.

Charlotte tried to appear as calm as possible. "Of course. I have no reason to lie to you."
"Charlotte, if I find out you're lying to me and secretly, getting involved with that unfaithful jerk Frederick again, I'll definitely give you a piece of my mind. He's not worth it!"
Taylor got really angry whenever she thought about how Frederick had hurt Charlotte.
In her anger, Taylor momentarily forgot how Frederick's look had just scared her.

"Let's not talk about him." Charlotte coughed awkwardly, not daring to tell Taylor that her divorce with Frederick wasn't finalized yet.Charlotte changed the subject, asking, "How's the situation with the online? I couldn't find a solution yesterday. If things get out of control, I mnight have to ask Frederick for help."

Hearing this, Taylor immediately disagreed; she slammed on the brakes.

She said with strong disapproval, "I'd rather go bankrupt today than have you beg that jerk Frederick! Don't even think about it."

Charlotte was deeply moved by her words.

But this company was the result of years of hard work from both of them,especially Taylor.


She had handled most óf the company's affairs from the beginning,putting in more effort than Charlotte.


Charlotte said seriously, "Compared to the survival of the company,my pride is nothing. If we don't resolve this PR crisis, our brand's reputation will be ruined."


Taylor knew how serious things were.

If they couldn't prove the perfume formula was their patent, EX Company might even accuse them of stealing trade secrets.

A few longtime agents had already requested returns, and orders for next month were significantly below average.

Thinking about all this gave Charlotte a headache. "As for the formula, I'm willing to accept an investigation by the association. If necessary, I can even make the formula public." If EX Company really wanted to push them to the edge,she wouldn't hesitate to take drastic measures. Taylor looked at Charlotte in disbelief;she felt deeply sorry for her.

The internal leak of the formula hadn't been fully investigated yet.

If it weren't for someone Taylor hired leaking the information, Charlotte wouldn't be forced to reveal her beloved perfume formula.

"I will catch this traitor. I want to see if they have any conscience!"

Taylor was agitated.

Charlotte patted Taylor's back to calm her down.

At that moment, Taylor's phone rang.

She put it on speaker and said to the puzzled Charlotte,"It's a call from the factory."


As soon as the call connected, an anxious voice came through.

"Ms. Johnson, a bunch of officials suddenly showed up at the factory,saying they're here to shut down our production line. We need your help right away."

Charlotte and Taylor's expressions instantly turned cold.

They hadn't expected EX Company's power to be so great.

Previously, they had only created online rumors. Now they dared to send people to shut down their production line. "Take me to EX Company." Taylor had never seen Charlotte's eyes so cold before. Taylor asked, "Aren't we going to the factory?" "Drop me off at EX Company, then you go to the factory to calm the workers. I need to meet their boss."

Charlotte was resolute.

Taylor was worried but still took Charlotte to EX Company's domestic headquarters.

Charlotte walked into the building with a fierce aura.

After Charlotte introduced herself, the receptionist, who seemed to have been expecting her, led her upstairs.

"Mr. Jones has been waiting for you, Ms. Russell."

Charlotte was taken to the top floor.

As soon as she stepped out of the elevator, she saw a middle-aged man in a suit and tie, wearing gold-rimmed glasses.
"Ms. Russell, I've finally met you."
Charlotte didn't bother with pleasantries and didn't shake his outstretched hand.She got straight to the point. "Lucas Jones, right? Since you knew I would come. I'll be blunt. If you and your company continue to pressure us, I will take extreme measures to retaliate." Lucas awkwardly withdrew his hand and continued to smile warmly. "Ms.Russell, there's no need to be so aggressive. We're all businessmen. Let's make friends."Charlotte immediately understood that Lucas was someone who appeared kind and friendly on the surface but was actually ruthless and cunning.
###Chapter 19

"Make friends? Are you kidding me?"

Charlotte scoffed, "You bribed my staff, stole my formula, made a crappy knockoff to mess with uas in the market, and then had the nerve to trash our brand online."


She added, "You even teamed up with the media to shut us up. Do you really want to make friends with us?"


Charlotte didn't hold back her anger.

She'd heard of Lucas before. Climbing to the top position in a large multinational company was indeed impressive.

But so what? Anyone who messed with her was in for a fight.

Lucas looked a bit surprised, then smiled warmly.

"Since you're so straightforward, I'll cut to the chase. Ouar EX Company wants to buy your company. We think 'Crush' has huge potential. With your formula and our industry clout, we can take it global."

Charlotte saw the excítement in his eyes but felt a twinge of sadness and anger.

She asked sarcastically, "Since EX Company set up shop in Starland, how many local brands have you crushed? Even you probably can't keep track." Charlotte's tone was firm, "Fair competition is fine, but your dirty tricks are disgusting. I've heard your company hasa solid foundation, but did you build it all on such shady tactics?" Charlotte finished and chuckled.

Her words pissed Lucas off; his face went cold, and his brows furrowed.

"Ms. Russell, that's not funny. If I wanted to, I could sue you for defaming my company."

Charlotte almost wanted to applaud his shamelessness.

"The villain sues first, huh? That's a new one."

"Ms. Russell, I was hoping for a win-win, but it seems there's nothing to discuss."


Lucas stood up.

He smiled maliciously, "I didn't expect a company started by two women with no connections to hold out against us this long, but I hope you consider my offer. Join our R&D team, and I'll let bygones be bygones.Otherwise..."

Charlotte squinted at his blatant threat.


"What if I say no?”

She knew EX Company hadn't crushed them yet and was still negotiating to get her real perfuming skills. What good was the formula without her skills? They couldn't replicate Crush' completely."Ms. Russell, a wise person knows when to yield. Don't be stubborn. This time I'm negotiating, but next time I won't be so gentle." "Is that so? Then I'll be waiting." Charlotte's competitive spirit was ignited. Before coming, Charlotte had hoped money could settle things. After all,she'd saved quite a bit over the years.

But she didn't expect EX Company to be so slimy.

Charlotte left EX Company, feeling a lump in her chest.

For small businesses like hers,getting started was tough as nails.

It had been a real struggle for her and Taylor to get the company to where it was.

But even being super careful, they still couldn't dodge the dirty tricks of their competitors.

Charlotte told Taylor about the failed negotiation with EX Company.

Taylor wasn't surprised at all, just quickly comforted Charlotte before diving back into factory matters.
There had been a few inspections before,but they were just routine checks.

This time was different. Those inspectors had already checked the factory three times and still wouldn't leave.

Charlotte felt even more frustrated after the call ended.

This time, no matter the cost, she was going to stand up to EX Company and not back down an inch! And now, the online slander against JXL Company was at an all-time high.If it kept up, it would cause even more damage. So what Charlotte needed to do now was to deal with the media slander as quickly as possible. She thought for a moment and called Frederick's secretary to find out where he was.


Knowing that Frederick was at the company, she felt relieved.

She really didn't want to go back to the villa or see Serena.

But things ddn't go as she wished.

When Charlotte took the elevator to the top floor of the Percy Group,she immediately saw Serena's face.

Serena still looked pale and frail, like a gust of wind could blow her away.

And Serena's expression changed instantly when she saw Charlotte.

The secretary who brought Charlotte up quickly explained,"Mr. Percy is in a meeting. Ms. Brown is here to deliver food to him. Mrs. Percy,please wait a moment."

"Got it." Charlotte nodded to the secretary.

Serena was displeased with the secretary's words. She furrowed her brows and rudely scolded the secretary, "You're stil calling her Mrs. Percy? Don't you know Frederick dumped her? If you want to get fired, I can just tell Frederick!"

Serena's chest heaved with anger; she couldn't stand a mere secretary ignoring her. "You can go now; leave it to mne." Charlotte stepped in front of the secretary, letting her leave first. The secretary gratefully nodded to Charlotte and then left Frederick's office. Serena immediately shouted, "Hey! Did I tell you to leave? Come back here!"

Seeing her furious state, Charlotte sneered, "You sure know hów to throw a fit. Guess that illness of yours is all cleared up,huh?"

"Don't talk nonsense."

Serena's arrogance immediately faded, but she still insisted,"It's because of people like her that my illness hasn't improved."

After saying that, she looked at Charlotte warily and asked unhappily,"What are you here for? Youa saw it before; Frederick is with me now.Please don't bother us."

Charlotte sneered and shook her head, "So. I'm shameless for bothering you and Frederick? Then what were you when you meddled with us when I wvas with him?"
###Chapter 20

"You! You insulted me again!"

Serena shot up, fuming,almost losing it because of Charlotte.

She never thought that Charlotte, who was always so meek according to the records,could be this fierce when throwing insults.

"I didn't insult you."

Charlotte crossed her arms, totally unfazed. "Ms. Brown, don't mess with me again."

Serena's chest heaved with anger. She knew arguing more wouldn't get her anywhere with Charlotte.

She glanced at her phone, seeing it was almost time for Frederick to be out of his meeting. She had to swallow her anger and said to Charlotte, "I'm having dinner with himlater. Isn't it inappropriate for you to be here bothering us?"

Charlotte didn't want to keep arguing either. Her mind was on company matters.

"I'm here to see Frederick for business. I'll leave once I'm done."

But Serena wasn't backing down. She made sure to flaunt the ring on her left hand. "Frederick and I are planning our wedding. Do you think it's appropriate for you to be here? Even if you have no shame, I find it unlucky to see you." Charlotte's face went blank for a moment at the mention of the wedding.

A flash of resentment crossed her eyes. "We haven't even divorced yet,and you're already planning the wedding?"

Serena shot back, "So what? Your divorce is a done deal. If I wanted,I could marry him tomorrow, and Frederick would agree. Are you still hung up on him and don't want a divorce?"


Charlotte's face turned cold, hiding her emotions.

"Of course not. I want a divorce more than he does now. The reason we haven't divorced is that Frederick doesn't want to."


Serena's eyebrows knitted together.

She glared at Charlotte. "Stop talking nonsense. Frederick will marry me as he promised. How could he not want to divorce you?"

Charlotte shrugged.

"What I said is true, but believe it or not."

With that,she stood up.

Charlotte wasn't planning to leave but to wait for Frederick at the conference room door. It was pointless to waste time with Serena here.

Seeing Charlotte stand up, Serena thought she was leaving. Serena said smugly, "Goodbye, we'll notify you of our wedding, but you don't need to attend." "I don't have time for such boring wedding." Charlotte paused but didn't stop and walked into the elevator.

Even if they invited her, she wouldn't go.

After all, she had truly loved Frederick.

How could she attend his wedding with his current wife without any resentment?


If Charlotte showed up at their wedding, she'd just be the clown.


Serena had left Frederick for so many years, but as soon as Serena reappeared, Charlotte was still abandoned.

Serena had everything, but Charlotte had nothing.

As for Frederick, he was a complete mystery to Charlotte.

He clearly loved Serena deeply, divorced her for Serena,and even went against his family, facing possible dangers.

But when she decided to divorce him. Frederick dragged his feet, always using Anouk's health as an excuse.

Was it fun to toy with her?

Frederick told her not to divorce for now while eagerly planning the wedding with Serena. It was simply ridiculous.

Charlotte walked through the Percy Group, and all the employees she passed bowed and greeted her, but she wasn't in the mood to respond. Right now, Charlotte was drowning in sorrow. For her child's sake, she had to sort things out with Frederick quickly. Once the comnpany's crisis was handled, she'd take her child somewhere safe,where no one could find them, and finally get some peace.

Her child was hers alone, and no one could take that away.

When Charlotte arrived at the big conference room on the 16th floor,the meeting had just ended.


The secretary saw Charlotte, nodded, and went into the conference room.After the other executives left, the secretary came out to let her know she could go in.


"Thanks."

Charlotte finally felt a bit better.

The secretary just smiled, gratefuI for Charlotte's earlier help. If it weren't for her, Serena wouldn't have let her off easy.

Charlotte walked into the conference room, and the secretary closed the door behind her.

Frederick closed the laptop in front of him and pushed it aside.


He asked with interest, "Need something from me?"

The moment he saw Charlotte, his dormant heart began to stir.

Charlotte had her hair up, showing off her neck, and this capable and elegant look had a unique allure in Frederick's eyes. He couldn't help but hold back his desire to press Charlotte against the conference table. After sitting down, Charlotte looked at Frederick, ready to state her 
purpose, but was startled by his predatory gaze, then glared at him with disgust.

She said harshly, "If you're in heat, go find Serena. After all, she's your fiancée."

Charlotte emphasized the word "fiancée" with sarcasm and disdain.


Frederick immediately frowned.

He didn't get why Charlotte was always so resistant to him now.

Was Charlotte's previous affection for him all fake?

"Charlotte, I said, don't involve Serena in our matters."

Frederick's tone was displeased, "And watch your tone. I don't like you talking like this."
His reproach made Charlotte's blood boil.
At this moment. Charlotte put everything aside and stood up, looking at Frederick."Why should I care if you like it or not? And it was you who involved Serena in our matters. I've agreed to the divorce, so why are you still entangling me? I'd rather divorce now!"
Charlotte's voice was loud, and her tone was sharp. She just wanted to vent her dissatisfaction. "Charlotte!"Frederick's face turned completely dark. "Why are you so eager to divorce me? Is it because of that man?"

The man who picked up Chárlotte at the estate, he couldn't find any info on him, which made him even more irritable.

Charlotte was amused by his anger.

Frederick's skill at slandering her had truly reached new heights.

He was the one who cheated, but it seemed like she was the one at fault?

Since Frederick said so, she didn't need to hide it.

Charlotte's tone was sharp, "The problem is with you. You refuse to divorce me while being with Serena..."

"Not divorcing temporarily is because of Grandma. Do I need to explain this again?"

Before she finished, Frederick interrupted her.
###Chapter 21

"This is just an excuse for you two to mess with me. You could've just pretended we weren't divorced after we actually split. Can't you even keep that small thing under wraps?"

"You!"

Frederick felt like he was suffocating, like a heavy weight was crushing his chest.

Charlotte seemed like a stranger to him now, and this change left him totally lost.

Every word she said felt like a thorn, stabbing him over and over.

She was nothing like she used to be.

"Do you really want to divorce me that badly? What are you after? Do you think divorcing me will do you any good?" Frederick was baffled.

"No, it won't benefit me, but I just want to be free, Frederick. Aren't you tired of juggling and lying to two women?"

"What have I lied to you about?"

"You're still not willing to tell the truth?"

Charlotte felt like she never really knew Frederick. She was getting exhausted.
"Since you don't want to keep even a shred of decency, I'll be blunt.The reason I agreed to the divorce is that I don't want to keep getting tangled up with you. You don't need to drag out the divorce while planning a wedding with Serena. Why can't you do these things after we're completely done? At least then I wouldn't misunderstand your intentions and get hurt by it."

Charlotte was really bothered by Frederick's two-faced behavior.

They used to be so close, and there were so many moments when Charlotte felt deeply loved.

But when Serena showed up, everything she believed in turned out to be a lie.


Even so, she hoped they could divorce wvith some dignity.

Instead of being provoked by a mistress, as the legal wife, she even had to back down, which made Charlotte feel disgusted.

Charlotte turned her head slightly and discreetly wiped away the tears from her eyes as she reached to touch the stray hair by her temple.

She stilI didn't want Frederick to see her vulnerability.

Even in divorce, she hoped they could stand on the same level.

"When did I ever discuss wedding plans with Serena?"

Frederick's eyebrows furrowed, and his deep eyes darkened.

"There's no point in continuing this conversation." He said, "I think there's a misunderstanding between us. I have no reason to lie to you. If I had done this, I would admit it. Your baseless accusations only make me think you're trying to change the subject." Frederick irritably tapped the table with his fingers. The desire in his eyes had completely faded, replaced by a chilling coldness.


He exuded a low-pressure aura and serutinized Charlotte with a piercing gaze.

"Starting this out of nowhere, I really have to question your motives. Who exactly are you running to after leaving me? Charlotte, have I not satisfied you in bed?"

Frederick's words were undeniably harsh. Each one struck Charlotte's heart with precision.

Charlotte was so angry that she could hardly breathe.

She said incredulously, "Do you think everyone is like you? Don't use your malicious thoughts to judge me. Serena told me you two were discussing wedding plans. When I went back to the villa last time to find you, I opened our bedroom door and saw Serena wearing my nightgown. She said you were in the bathroom at that time, but rest assured, I won't tell Grandma about this."

Even though Charlotte had a lot of regrets about this marriage,she wasn't about to complain to Anouk.
As for what Anouk had mentioned before, even if she didn't divorce Frederick, Anouk wouldn't let Serena marry into the Percy Family.
Whatever had happened between them was out of Charlotte's hands. Before, she hadn't seen Frederick's true colors. Now that she did, she had no desire to save this marriage. She had already lost so much and didn't want to lose her last bit of dignity.

After digesting Charlotte's words, Frederick finally got what she meant.

He said helplessly, "Serena wasn't feeling well and wanted to sleep wherever she wanted. I didn't interfere. As for her wearing your clothes.that was an accident. But where did the wedding plans come from?I never said anything like that."

"You never said those things, so am I making it up? Serena is upstairs right now. Do we need to confront her?"

He replied, "I'm not saying you're lying. Don't twist my words."

"But that's exactly what you're implying. You didn't say those things,but Serena clearly did. You believe her. but not me, so the only one lying must be me."

The more Charlotte spoke, the more upset shefelt.

Her hand, hidden under the table, clenched into a tight fist, her nails digging into her flesh.

She still held back her tears, refusing to cry in front of Frederick.


Frederick's expression grew even colder.

He couldn't understand why Charlotte had become so unreasonable. He stared deeply at Charlotte. "Are you trying to provoke me? If so,you can leave." His cold words pierced Charlotte like a sword, making her body tremble slightly. She couldn't understand why she and Frederick had come to this point.

Thesuffocating silence between them made it hard for her to breathe.

She had originally wanted to ask Frederick for help, but now she couldn't bring herself to sayit.

She disliked Frederick's arrogance, as if he was above everyone else.

Without a word, Charlotte picked up her bag and turned to leave.

As she turned, a single tear fell to the floor.

After Charlotte left,Frederick remained in the same position, unmoving for a longtime.

His gaze was fixed on the tear on the floor.

He knew Charlotte was always a strong woman. Except for being bullied into tears in bed, she never used tears to soften his heart.

But now,Charlotte had cried.

So,had he really misunderstood Charlotte?

But he had never said those things or discussed marriage with Serena.

So the only truth was that Serena had lied. This realization was hard for Frederick to accept. He was torn.He didn't want to believe Serena had lied, but his rational mind told him what Charlotte said was true. Frederick rubbed his temples in frustration. If he were dealing with two companies right now, he might not find it as troublesome. Business matters were never as vexing as dealing with emotions.
###Chapter 22

Just then, the secretary knocked on the door.

After a brief pause, he stuck his head in and said, "MrPercy,Ms. Brown is still waiting for you upstairs. She's sent someone to remind you three times already."

Hearing Serena's name,Frederick felt a sudden reluctance to face her.

He waved dismissively. "Tell her I've got something urgent to handle and she should head back on her own."

Frederick made up an excuse on the spot.

After what Charlotte had just told him, he really didn't want to see Serena right now.
The secretary nodded and was about to close the door when Frederick called him back.
"Go look into Charlotte's situation. See if she's been dealing with any problems lately and report back to me."

"Got it."
The secretary left to carry out the order.
Frederick watched helplessly as that solitary tear quietly evaporated. In the end, he couldn't just ignore it.Charlotte had come to him several times. If it wasn't about feelings, then it must be something else she needed his help with. 'Damn it!'

Charlotte was so stubborn that he should have been ruthless and ignored her.


Then, when she had nowhere else to turn,she would come to him for help.

But seeing that tear, Frederick ultimately couldn't be heartless.

Ten minutes later, the secretary returned with the information.

He said, "The report shows that Mrs.Percy's perfume company has been attacked by the top industry brand, EX Company, and is caught in a plagiarism scandal. They might even face a lawsuit."

Frederick flipped through a few pages of the report and then irritably tossed it aside.


"Continue."

The secretary relayed all the information he had found.

Frederick immediately discerned that Charlotte had been framed.


"How low."
He despised people who played dirty tricks behind others' backs.

"Reschedule my appointments. I need to go to EX Company personally."

The secretary's eyes lit up upon hearing that Frederick was going to support Charlotte in person.
"Okay, I'll take care of it right away."

Frederick sighed deeply. He might really be going crazy.

He never thought that one day he would delay his work because of Charlotte.

But the thought of her being bullied made him unable to ease his anger.

In the middle of the night. Charlotte woke up from a dream.

Feeling extremely thirsty, she turned on the bedside lamp and went to the kitchen to get a glass of water.

After returning from the Percy Group, she had cried a lot, curled up on her bed like a wounded animal, not knowing when she had fallen asleep.

Holding the glass of water, Charlotte turned on her phone and found numerous missed calls.

She called back, and the other side quickly answered.

"Ms. Russell, you finally answered my call."

Charlotte immediately recognized the voice as Lucas.

She becamne alert and said coldly, "I don't think we have anything to talk about.Why are you calling me?"

Lucas was clearly taken aback.
Then he said, "Ms. Russell, I'm really sorry to hear that. If you have some time, I'd like to invite you to dinner so we can clear up any misunderstandings." Charlotte glanced at the clock; it was 3 a.m. Her tone grew colder, "I don't dolate-night snacks. Just say what you need to say now." Charlotte found it somewhat amusing.

How could there be just a misunderstanding between them?

But Lucas's humble and somewhat ingratiating tone left Charlotte puzzled.

She really didn't know what this shrewd Lucas was up to.

"Alright, I wanted to formally apologize to you. Since it's inconvenient for you. I'll apologize here and now to you and your company."

Lucas's tone was very sincere, "We did use improper means before,causing significant losses to you and your company. We will make amends.withdraw all the negative articles, and issue an apology on our company's official platform. Additionally, we will..."

Before Lucas could finish. Charlotte interrupted him.

"What do you mean by this? Are you mocking me?"

Previously, Lucas had wanted to acquire her company. Charlotte couldn't believe he would change his attitude so quickly.

Lucas staying up late just to wait for her call and apologize?

"How could I mock you? I am sincerely apologizing."

If it weren't for the fact that it was a phone call, Lucas would have knelt before Charlotte to show his sincerity. "We were heartless before, but we hope you can forgive us. We genuinely believe that the perfume you developed is unique and has the potential to be promoted worldwide. We just used the wrong methods, and we deeply apologize forthat. We will bear all the losses caused to you and your company. Regarding compensation, I hope we can discuss it in detail." Hearing Lucas say so much, Charlotte believed he was genuinely apologizing.


Although she found the situation surreal, Lucas's willingness to make concessions was a good thing.


Imitating Lucas's tone from earlier in the day, she said haughtily,"Regarding compensation, you can discuss it with my lawyer. I'm going to sleep now. Don't disturb me again."

"Ms. Russell..."

Lucas had wanted to ask Charlotte to put in a good word for him with Frederick, but she mercilessly hung up the phone.

The moment the call ended, Lucas's expression turned vicious.

'Damn woman! She even had the backing of the Percy Group! With such a powerful backer, she had still acted so weak before.'

Before acquiring a company, Lucas always conducted an investigation.

The investigation showed that JXL Company had no background whatsoever and had broken into the market purely based on its products.

With this, Lucas had chosen to use such despicable means to suppress and take over their company.

If he had known that the Percy Group was connected to JXL Company,he wouldn't have dared to act. What frightened Lucas the most was that Frederick had personally intervened to support JXL Company. Lucas didn't dare to imagine; if he didn't give Frederick a satisfactory solution, what would his fate be?
###Chapter 23

After hanging up the phone, Charlotte still couldn't believe it.

She thought for a moment and immediately connected the dots to Frederick.


"Could it be that Frederick stepped in for her?"

But it didn't make sense.

She hadn't even mentioned this to him before she left.

But if it wasn't him, she'couldn't think of anyone else who could scare Lucas like that.

'What does Frederick want? Humiliate her and then give her some benefits?



While Charlotte was lost in thought,Taylor called.

Her tone was unmistakably excited.

"Oh my God, what did you do? EX Company reached out to me to make peace, and their attitude was practically groveling. The person in charge treated me like a princess."

"It feels so good, really good."

Hearing Taylor so excited, Charlotte couldn't bear to tell her that it was probably Frederick who helped.

After all, because of her emotional entanglement with Frederick, Taylor had quite an opinion of him. "As long as the matter is resolved."

In contrast, Charlotte seemed much calmer.

After Taylor calmed down a boit, she directly asked, "You went to Frederick,
right? Besides him, no one else has that kind of power. Charlotte, he didn't take advantage of you, did he?"

Hearing her question, Charlotte just gave a wry smile.

"What could Frederick take advantage of? He's busy with his fiancée right now."


Charlotte said this to remind herself.

Even if it was Frederick who helped, it might be because of their past relationship. She shouldn't get any ideas.

But Taylor snorted at this.

"Fiancée? She's just a mistress."

Although Taylor was very angry at Frederick for abandoning Charlotte.

She had to admit, Frederick did help them a lot this time.

She excitedly talked to Charlotte for a while, then couldn't wait to go to the company and calculate the financial losses during this period, and then discuss with the lawyer about compensation. After hanging up the phone, Charlotte felt a weight lifted off her shoulders. Although she didn't want to have any more entanglements with Frederick,he had helped her a lot this time. If she pretended nothing happened, it would seem too deliberate. Thinking of this, Charlotte pulled up her chat with Frederick.

The chat history was still from before they talked about divorce.

She edited and deleted many words, but in the end, she deleted them all.

She only sent: [Thank you].


Frederick instantly called her when he received the message.

Charlotte thought for a moment and answered,"Hello?"

"Come downstairs."


Hearing his words. Charlotte went to the window and opened the curtains.

Then she directly met Frederick's eyes downstairs.

He was leaning against the car, his expression unclear in the light, but she could see the cigarette in his hand glowing.

This scene left Charlotte unable to refuse.

She put on a coat and went downstairs. Seeing Frederick, she didn't know what to say.

Frederick stepped forward and tightened the tie on her coat.

He said, "If you run into stuff likethis again, just come to me. Even if you can't find me, hit up my secretary. I've told you before,even if we're divorced, it doesn't mean we're strangers." Frederick's deep voice sounded so sexy in the quiet night. Charlotte felt her heart racing for him. Even though she had already guessed it was Frederick who helped.hearing him admit it made her heart flutter.

Charlotte was torn inside.

On one hand, she wished Frederick wouldn't be so good to her.

If he wasn't so good to her, she could make up her mind to leave him.

But on the other hand, she wished Serena didn't exist,so she could stay with Frederick forever.

"Thanks for today."

"You don't need to thank me."

Frederick's gentle reassurance made Charlotte even more uneasy.

The more he sent mixed signals, the more her heart ached.

Frederick gently pulled Charlotte into his arms.

"I shouldn't have doubted you today. I trust you, but I wasn't lying about Serena.I never invited her into our bedroom, nor let her wear your clothes.
As for the wedding,I had no idea."

Charlotte didn't struggle in his arms.

Even though their divorce was final, she was happy Frederick explained.

It turned out Frederick hadn't lied to her; he was still the same. Knowing this made Charlotte feel at ease. No matter what their future held, at least it proved she hadn't loved the wrong person. After all, she had truly loved him for so many years. Charlotte didn't want her love to be misplaced.

Charlotte didn't hug Frederick back but let herself be held tightly.

She felt a bit emotional; she realized howmuch she missed Frederick's embrace.


At this moment, it seemed like they were the only two people in the quiet night.

The night wind was cool, but Charlotte's heart felt warm again.

"Why are you explaining to me now?" Charlotte's voice was muffled.

Frederick gently stroked her smooth hair.

"I don't know, but I know if I don't explain, I'll regret it."

Frederick's words came from the heart.

He always acted decisively, never dragging things out.

Many of his actions upset people and made them question him, but Frederick never cared to explain.

But after helping Charlotte with EX Company, he couldn't calm down at home.

He thought he had to explain to Charlotte, or he would regret it. "Thank you."
 "I said, don't thank me." "But I still want to thank you." 
"Let's put this behind us. Don't thank me, and don't say things you don't mean."


Hearing Frederick say this, Charlotte fell silent again.

Frederick sighed, pulled her out of his arms, looked at her seriously, and said, "Things with Serena are complicated. I know you suffered a lot. I don't want to make any excuses. I just hope we don't hurt each other with words."


Frederick really cared about how Charlotte treated him.

Every time Charlotte said those cold words, his heart hurt.

Charlotte looked into his eyes.

After a long timne, she finally nodded. "Okay, I promise."
###Chapter 24

"No..."

Charlotte felt a shiver run down her spine as Frederick nibbled on her earlobe, his tongue swirling around it.

Right then, her whole body felt like it was on fire, her mind completely lost,forgetting how they even ended up on the bed.

"Don't do this."

She tried to push him away, but her strength was like that of a kitten.

Her hand rested on Frederick's shoulder, which was more of an invitation.

Their breaths mingled, Frederick's scent wrapping around Charlotte. His demanding kisses trailed down her neck, making her arch involuntarily.

"Don't resist me."

Frederick pulled down her underwear, exposing her trembling breasts.

His eyes were filled with desire, and he couldn't help but start biting and nibbling them.

Charlotte was almost driven mad by the intense pleasure.

Her sanity was slipping away, and she clung to Frederick's neck,pulling him closer. Frederick sensed her urgency, a playful smile tugging at his lips, and he slowed his movements. He pressed his hardness against her thighs, rubbing slowly, but notentering.

Charlotte squirmed, opening her eyes to look at him with a mix of shyness and frustration.


"Why are you looking at me like that?"

Frederick just gently inserted the tip of his hardness into her and stopped.

Even though he was already hard and burning, eager to enter,Frederick still wanted to tease Charlotte a bit more.


"I want..." Charlotte's face flushed instantly.

"Want what? Say it."

"I want you."

"Want what of mine?"

"I want your cock."

As soon as Charlotte finally said the words, Frederick couldn't hold back anymore and thrust his entire dick into her.


At the moment of entry, he let out a muffled groan, almost climaxing from the pleasure.

Just as Frederick was about to start thrusting, Charlotte suddenly tried to get up,seemingly wanting to leave. Frederick grabbed her slender waist, pulling her into his arms, and began to thrust forcefully, punishing her with rough, relentless movements. "Trying to escape? huh?”With each word, he thrust harder.

Charlotte was on the verge of losing herself to the pleasure, but her mind told her she couldn't give in completely.

She pushed him away with all her strength, and in the moment of Frederick's surprise, she took control.

He lay on his back on the bed, while Charlotte straddled him.

"I've never tried being on top. Don't you want to try it?"

Charlotte leaned down, blowing into his ear.

She wanted to control the rhythm during sex, making sure not to harm her child.


Charlotte gently twisted her waist, her hands resting on his shoulders,moving up and down on his length.


Frederick, who had always been rough in sex, found his desires greatly satisfied by Charlotte's initiative.


He supported her buttocks with his large hands, helping her while also thrusting upward, hitting the deepest part of her each time.

Charlotte was in ecstasy.

She had never realized that sex could be so pleasurable. The two of them were entangled passionately uintil Frederick was about to climax.He gripped her legs tightly, spreading her thighs wide, thrusting upward with such force that Charlotte almost fainted from the intensity. As Charlotte reached her climax, Frederick finally came, but he still refused to pull out.

Charlotte gently pushed him, wanting to get up and take a shower.

But Frederick, still craving more, carried Charlotte to the bathroom,their bodies still connected.

"I just thought of a new position we can try in the bathroom."

"What! No more..."

Charlotte's exclamation was silenced by Frederick's kiss.

In the bathroom, with steam rising, the two continued to intertwine.

Early the next morning.

Taylor returned home excitedly with a bag of breakfast.

As soon as she unlocked the door with herfingerprint,she was greeted by a naked man wrapped in a towel.

"Who are you! Why are you in my house?"

Taylor actually knew Frederick, but in her paníc, she only noticed his sculpted muscles before quickly looking away, not paying attention to his face.


"What are you doing here?" Frederick's eyes darkened instantly, his good mood from the night before vanishing at the sight of Taylor. The fact that Taylor could unlock the house with her fingerprint meant she lived there.

"Get out! Or I'll call the police!"

Taylor shouted angrily, only daring to look at Frederick after he put on his clothes.

When she saw who it was, Taylor was stunned. "Why is it you? Where's Charlotte? What did you do to her?"

'Oh my god, I had only been gone for one night, and Frederick had come here!'


Frederick remained silent in the face of Taylor's questioning.

His lips pressed into a tight line, he picked up his jacket and walked out with a low, oppressive air.

It seemed that everything from last night had been his wishful thinking.

After Frederick left, Taylor rushed into the bedroom to wake Charlotte.

"Wake up! Charlotte, wake up!"

Charlotte sleepily swatted her hand away. "Frederick, stop it, I want to sleep a bit more."

"Charlotte! You two really have something going on! Explain to me why that scumbag Frederick stayed over night! He ran away as soon as he saw me come back!"


Taylor,exasperated,dragged Charlotte out of bed.

"You're back."
 Forced to sit up, Charlotte finally saw that it was Taylor. "How did things go with the company? What's the compensation amount?"

"Hey! Don't change the subject. I'm asking about that scumbag Frederick.
Why did he stay over and take a shower here?"

Taylor's tone was a mix of anger and concern.

Taylor said, "If the company's crisis requires you to repay it this way, I'd rather choose bankruptcy. Charlotte, don't make things so hard on yourself."

Charlotte felt a wave of tenderness.

Taylor, usually a tomboy, never spoke so softly. It was clear that Taylor was genuinely worried about her.

"Taylor, don't worry. Nothing really happened between us last night."

Charlotte tried to reassure her, but her face still had a suspicious blush.

She knew Taylor disliked Frederick and that she shouldn't have indulged with him last night.

However,her heart and body both longed for Frederick.
###Chapter 25

"Did you two really do nothing?" Taylor eyed her suspiciously.

"Seriously,I swear."

Charlotte knew Taylor wouldn't buy it that easily, so she played the pregnancy card. "I'm pregnant, I know what I'm doing."

Charlotte really did know what she was doing. After that night at the bar,she had secretly checked.

As long as it wasn't some wild, intense sex, it wouldn't harm the baby.

"Alright then."

Taylor gave Charlotte a serious look. "I'm not trying to stop you from being with him, but I hope all your decisions from now on come from your heart. I just want you to be happy."

Charlotte hugged her tight, feeling a warm glow inside.

"Thanks."

"No need to thank me."

Taylor playfully knocked her on the head and continued, "By the way,Charlotte, I didn't come back last night. Besides talking compensation with the lawyer, I also picked up my brother Jasper. He wants to treat you to dinner. He's a top-notch doctor, so he can check on your baby."

"Jasper went abroad, didIn't he? I can't believe he's back."

Charlotte was a bit taken aback. She remembered Jasper Johnson had gone abroad the year she got married.She thought she'd never see him again, but here he was,back in town.

At the Percy Villa.

Frederick came home with a stormy expression.

As soon as he walked in, he saw Serena on the sofa, looking allteary-eyed and worn out.

"Frederick! You're finally back!"

The moment Serena saw him, she practically flew into his arms.


Frederick didn't hug her back, just let her cling to him."Did you wait for me all night?"

Serena lifted her face from his chest, making sure he saw the tears streaming down her cheeks.

She said pitifully, "You didn't come back all night, and I couldn't reach you.I was really worried."

Serena was worried, alright, but more about Frederick being seduced by another woman.

Their relationship wasn't going great, and he was starting to hesitate about divorcing Charlotte, which made Serena feel super insecure.

At that moment, the butler, Ryan Foster, quietly slipped into the kitchen.


Serena, the actress,could lie without even blinking.

She had clearly come down from upstairs after being notified,yet she pretended to have waited downstairs all night. Frederick's emotions were all over the place again.

Looking at Serena's obedient and gentle face, he wished Charlotte could be like this.

Thinking of Charlotte, Frederick's expression darkened.

"Frederick, what's wrong? Why aren't you talking to me? Are you annoyed that I'mn asking too much?"

Serena asked,heartbroken.

She was secretly fuming. She had put on such a touching act,yet Frederick was distracted,completely 'ignoring her.

"No, I'm just a bit tired."

Frederick brushed her off, and looking at Serena's face, he remembered what Charlotte had said at the company yesterday.

He couldn't help but ask, "Why did you tell Charlotte we were discussing our wedding?"

Serena's face went pale, emotions swirling inside her.

'Is it really because of that bitch Charlotte? Did Frederick actually spend the night with her?

The thought made Serena's heart clench. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to. I just felt insecure. Charlotte cares so much about being Mrs. Percy. I'm worried she won't want to divorce you." Serena said pitifully, "If my words hurt her, I'm willing to apologize." Frederick was speechless.

Looking at Serena's pitiful expression, he felt for the first time that her face seemed like a lifeless mask.

This time, Frederick didn't comfort Serena. Instead, he said, "It's not that she doesn't want to divorce me, but that I can't divorce her right now.I hope you can restrain yourself a bit. If my grandma finds out what you've done, she'll never agree to our marriage."

Serena was stunned, forgetting to act pitifully.

She said sorrowfully, "I know I shouldn't have conflicts with Charlotte.Though I can wait, my child can't wait. Soon, I won't be able to hide my pregnancy. Do you want me to wear a wedding dress with a big belly?"

Serena knew how to play her cards.

She also knew that for Frederick, the child was very important, so she used the child as leverage.

Unexpectedly, Frederick didn't compromise as she had hoped.

Frederick looked at her belly indifferently and said, "Ill handle this,but until then, don't provoke Charlotte. After all, we're not officially divorced yet. Making a scene won't be good for anyone."

Serena's face turned even uglier. She didn't expect that even using the child as an excuse wouldn't make him change his mind. "I'm sorry, I won't cause you any more trouble." Serena lowered her head, looking very despondent, and then tears started falling like broken kites.

Serena couldn't stop sobbing. "Actually, you don't have to take responsibility for me. I'll pretend nothing happened back then. Just pretend I never existed. I'll leave now!"

With that,Serena was about to leave.

Frederick,feeling a headache,still grabbed her wrist.

Serena showed a triumphant smile and threw herself back into his arms.

Serena's voice was filled with longing, "Frederick, I knew you wouldn't abandon me. I'll wait for you. I love you."

Hearing her confession, Frederick felt no emotion.

He didn't know what he was feeling, only that he wished it was Charlotte in his arms right now.

The thought startled Frederick.

He pushed Serena away, looking for an excuse to leave.

Serena immediately said, "Frederick, the doctor who treated me abroad is back. He's at Sunrise Hospital. I only trust him. Can you arrange for him to continue treating me and the baby?"

"What's his name? I'll arrange it."

Mentioning the baby,Frederick relented again. "His name is Jasper Johnson. He's a great doctor, but very principled. I'm afraid your men might not handle him well," Serena said. Frederick's lips formed a straight line.

"Got it. I'll go personally."

Meanwhile, after getting ready, Charlotte and Taylor headed to the press conference.
###Chapter 26

Charlotte rocked a goose-yellow satin evening gown. Maybe it was the pregnancy glow, but she looked more stunning than ever.

Taylor, as usual, stuck to her androgynous vibe. Her suit was sharp,and her tie matched Charlotte's dress perfectly. They looked like a power couple.

Taylor was buzzing with excitement the whole way there.

Charlotte felt a bit of relief too, finally shaking off some of the stress.

She had no clue why Frederick bailed without a word, but she owed him for this one.

When they got to the venue,they snagged front-row seats.

This press conference was EX Company's way of saying sorry to them.

Lucas stepped up and gave a deep bow to all the cameras.

He started with, "I'm sorry, EX Company has let everyone down.About the 'Crush' perfume plagiarism mess with JXL Company, it was all a big misunderstanding."

Charlotte couldn't help but let out a cold laugh.

Typical of a shady company like theirs to downplay a big screw-up and then find a scapegoat to brush it off. Lucas went on, "The reason the two perfumes are so similar is because our intern perfumer stole JXL Company's formula, and we got duped too, so..."
"Mr. Jones, if it was all the intern's fault, how do you explain the so-called century-old formula evidence on your official website?" Charlotte stood up and called him out.

Lucas didn't see that coming and started sweating bullets.

"Uh,about that..."

He shot Charlotte a desperate look, practically begging for mercy.

Even though he had to clear this up because of Frederick, they were still a big brand and couldn't afford a bad rep.

Charlotte saw his plea but wasn't about to let it slide.

"How do you explain it? As far as I know, you personally handle the website in Starland,right?" Charlotte pressed on.

She wanted Lucas to own up in front of all the media.

She could've let it go, but with their relationship already strained and Frederick's backing, when else would she get a shot at Lucas?

A guy like Lucas, with no morals, trying to pin it all on an intern and walk away clean? No way.

Lucas wiped the sweat off his forehead.

Right then, he wanted to shut Charlotte up but was still scared of Frederick. "Yes, the info on the website was wrong. That's on me, and I'm ready to face an investigation by headquarters and take all the consequences." After that, Lucas felt drained and slumped into his chair. Cameras kept flashing, while Charlotte and Taylor walked out, feeling victorious.

"Charlotte,you were amazing."

Taylor was buzzing with excitement. She thought the whole thing would get swept under the rug.


In her mind, getting an apology and some compensation from EX Company was already a big win. She never expected they'd get to take a direct shot at Lucas.


"I just couldn't stand Lucas dodging responsibility. We both know he orchestrated the whole thing," Charlotte said, finally feeling at ease.

"Even if Lucas doesn't get fired, he's definitely in for some serious punishment."


Taylor's eyes sparkled as she looked at Charlotte."It's lunchtime. To celebrate Jasper's first day at work, let's go to his hospital and surprise him.



Back in school, Taylor had always pushed Jasper to go after Charlotte, but Jasper was too shy to ever confess his feelings.

Even though Jasper never said anything, Taylor, being his twin sister,knew he went abroad for further studies because he couldn't handle Charlotte getting married. Now that Charlotte was on the brink of divorce, Taylor wasn't about to let him miss his chance again.
 
 Charlotte checked the time. "Lunch is on me." They were best friends, and Charlotte had always gotten along well with Jasper. After today's victory, she was in high spirits and knew she'd need Jasper's help with her pregnancy.

When they got to the hospital, they found a crowd gathered in front of Jasper's clinic.

Taylor immediately pushed her way through. "Charlotte, I'll go check.Jasper wouldn't be getting bullied on his first day,would he?"

Charlotte didn't have the strength to push through the crowd from the back.


But she overheard people saying, "The new doctor at Sunrise Hospital is supposed to be amazing. I've been waiting since last week, and now someone wants to cut in line."


"Yeah! Everyone knows this foreign doctor is top-notch. These rich folks think they can do whatever they want!"

"But I heard those who registered today got huge compensation."

"Not just compensation, but also free appointments with other specialists."


"Really?"

"Maybe we should just let it go. Do you know who's inside? Even the hospital director wouldn't mess with him."

"I know, it's Mr. Percy!"

Hearing Frederick's name, Charlotte's eyes widened, and she pushed through the crowd with all her might.

Sure enough, she saw him inside. He had Taylor by the collar, lifting her off the ground.

"Frederick, let go! What are you doing?"

Charlotte screamed, rushing over to pull at Frederick's arm.

Taylor's face was turning purple.

No wonder she hadn't heard any voices inside; Taylor had been lifted up as soon as she entered.


Frederick's eyes were blazing with anger. Seeing Charlotte rush in to help Taylor only made him angrier.

"Stay out of it. He attacked me first."

Frederick's expression was fierce, determined to teach Taylor a lesson.

"You hit my brother first!"


Taylor's face was already turning an unnatural color, but she stil1 managed to retort.


Charlotte saw Jasper slumped over by the desk, looking in bad shape, but Taylor's situation was more urgent.


"Frederick! Let go of Taylor right now!"
###Chapter 27

Charlotte yanked with all her strength, but Frederick's arm was like a rock,and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't get him to let go of Taylor s collar.


Desperate and not caring about her image, Charlotte twisted her hands and bit him, but it was useless.

"Let go of Taylor! If you keep this up, Taylor's gonna die!"

Tears instantly welled up in Charlotte's eyes, genuinely scared that Frederick might actually kill Taylor.

Her tears fell onto Frederick's hand, the warmth snapping him back to reality.


Seeing that Taylor had already been taught a lesson,Frederick reluctantly threw her to the ground.

"Taylor!"

Charlotte rushed to catch her but was too late, watching helplessly as Taylor was flung like a rag doll, crashing into Jasper.

"Taylor, are you okay? Jasper, check on her!"

Charlotte fell to the ground, her tears flowing like a broken dam.

Jasper, pale-lipped, struggled to his feet to check on Tayor,gently tapping her back to help her breathe, finally easing Taylor's complexion.

"It's okay, don't worry," Jasper said, still heavily panting.

"Jasper, is your asthma acting up again? Where's your medicine?"
 Charlotte then noticed Jasper's condition, clearly having an asthma attack.

Jasper didn't speak but looked at Frederick.

Following his gaze, Charlotte met Frederick's cold, icy eyes.

Frederick looked down at Charlotte, as if she were an ant unrelated to him.

He sneered maliciously, saying, "Charlotte, how many surprises do you have for mne? Are you really this cheap?"

Charlotte's ambiguous relationship with Taylor and her earlier intimate call to this pretentious doctor only fueled Frederick's anger.

Seeing Charlotte so anxious with them, Frederick felt a fire burning in his chest.

"Give me the medicine."

Charlotte stood up, stubbornly extending her hand towards Frederick.

"You mean this?"

Frederick opened his palm, revealing a bottle of emergency asthma medication.


"Give me the medicine! Are you crazy? This could be fatal!"

Charlotte reached out to grab it, but Frederick was quicker,clenching the bottle in his fist and grabbing her arm with his other hand.

Frederick leaned in, asking, "Charlotte, what do you really want?"

Last night they had shared a sweet evening, but this morning he discovered Taylor living with her. He couldn't accept it.

"You ask what I want? Frederick, are you out of your mind? Give me the medicine right now, or I'll call the police!"

Charlotte thought he was completely insane.

"You're insulting me? For that Taylor?" Frederick's eyes reddened at the corners.


His eyes were filled with determination and madness, with a hint of murderous intent.


Charlotte grabbed Frederick's hand, biting down hard, forcing him to release his grip, and immediately tossed the medicine bottle to Jasper.

Seeing him use the inhaler, Charlotte finally breathed a sigh of relief and began pounding Frederick's chest in anger.


"Why are you doing this? Do you know how dangerous that was? You lunatic!"


Charlotte cried harder, her tears blurring her vision so much she couldn't even see Frederick's face.


Frederick juststood there, taking her hits, her punches feeling like nothing to him.
 
After a while,Charlotte finally wore herself out. Frederick tightened his grip around her waist, like he was staking his claim. Frederick rarely explained himself, but he said, "I came to see Jasper for a consultation. I booked his whole day, but he refused to see me." He then glanced at Taylor, his eyes even colder. "And as for him,he punched me the moment he walked in. Not breaking his arm was me being nice."

Hearing this, Charlotte noticed the bruise on Frederick's face.

Putting two and two together with what she'd heard from the people outside, she realized Frederick wasn't lying.

"You're full of it!"


Taylor, helping Jasper up, shot back. "I walked in and saw you bullying my brother. Of course I hit you!"

Frederick's eyes were cold and disdainful as he looked at them.

He then noticed how much the doctor and Taylor looked alike. No wonder he felt an odd dislike for Jasper.

Frederick sneered at Taylor's thin frame.


"If you hadn't sucker-punched me, do you think you could hurt me with those scrawny arms? You look so weak,what kind of man are you?"


The thought of Charlotte spending time with this guy made Frederick's blood boil.

"Are you nuts?" Taylor shouted,exasperated.

"Do you have a death wish?" Frederick roared back.

Charlotte immediately stepped in front of Taylor. "What are youa doing?Are you going to hit Taylor again?"

With Charlotte backing her up, Taylor straightened up and said, "T'm not a man! What are you talking about? I just dress a bit androgynously."

Though insulted, Frederick didn't lose his temper this time.

He looked closer at Taylor and realized she didn't have an Adam's apple.


Charlotte finally understood what had driven Frederick mad earlier.

"Frederick, did you think Taylor was a guy?"

Charlotte glared at Frederick, feeling both angry and amused, speechless.

Frederick's lips pressed into a thin line.

Regaining his composure, he knew he had made a huge mistake.

He had seen Charlotte with Taylor, and with Taylor's short hair and suit,he had assumed Taylor was a guy, never considering she might be a tomboy.


No wonder his men couldn't find any info on Taylor.

He had thought Taylor had some hidden identity.

But he had never expected Taylor was actually a woman!

Knowing Charlotte wasn't involved with another man, Frederick's previously dark mood lifted.

However, Charlotte still couldn't accept Frederick's earlier behavior. "Even if you misunderstood me and Taylor, you could have talked to me directly. Why drag Jasper into this? He just got back from abroad yesterday,what did he ever do to you?" Charlotte instinctively thought Frederick had come to find Jasper to cause trouble because of her.
###Chapter 28

"I told you, I'm just here for a consultation," Frederick said,trying to keep his cool.

Charlotte wasn't buying it. "You're so strong. I don't believe you're sick."


She paused, her voice dropping. "Is this about Serena?"

"Yeah," Frederick nodded.

He didn't feel like explaining more to Charlotte, but he didn't expect the doctor treating Serena abroad to be connected to her.

"So that's it," Charlotte's eyes went cold. "Frederick, if you're going to make up an excuse, at least make it believable. There are so many doctors out there. Why force my friend to treat Serena? Can't she get help without Jasper?"

Charlotte didn't know the link between Jasper and Serena,so it all seemed too convenient to her.


"What are you saying? Are you blaming me for this?" Frederick stepped forward,trying to grab Charlotte, but missed.

Charlotte shot back, "What else? How do you explain it? You just happened to pick a hospital not under the Percy Family, find Jasper who just got back, and I just happen to run into you? Explain that!" Frederick's fist clenched, and he suddenly slammed it into the desk. The force left a big dent in the solid wood, and his hand started bleeding. Seeing his wound, Charlotte instinctively wanted to check on him,but thinking of Taylor and Jasper, she held back. Frederick felt even more disheartened by her indifference.He stared coldly at her, his tone harsh, "Fine, remember what you said today. From now on,no matter what happens to you, I won't step in."

"Fine," Charlotte agreed without hesitation,equally angry.

Frederick's mess with Serena had driven her to seek refuge with Taylor,but he misunderstood her relationship with Taylor, slandered her,and almost hurt Taylor and Jasper.

If staying tangled with him would harm those around her, she'd rather cut ties forever.


Seeing the determination in her eyes, Frederick realized she had no hesitation about leaving him, and his anger boiled over.

He laughed bitterly, "We haven't divorced yet, so you must move back tonight. Otherwise, I'll make everything you care about disappear."

Since nothing he did could earn her trust, he might as well be the villain.

"Frederick, don't force me to hate you," Charlotte's tears started flowing again.

"Go ahead and hate me!" Frederick stormed out.

Once he was gone. Charlotte finallybroke down and cried. Taylor helped her to a chair, quickly wiping her tears and comforting her, "Don't cry,being upset isn't good for the baby." "Okay, I won't cry anymore," Charlotte sobbed, holding back her tears,and reached out to touch her belly. For the sake of her child, she had to be strong. As long as she could endure Frederick until their divorce, she'd be free.

Taylor gently touched her head. "Do you really have to go back to that jerk's house tonight? I'm worried something might happen."

"It's okay, I know what I'm doing." Charlotte reassured Taylor.She'd deal with Frederick's demands.


The company's issues had just been resolved, and if Frederick turned against them now, EX Company would definitely retaliate, undoing all her and Taylor's hard work.


It's just a few days, she didn't believe Frederick would do anything to her.She still had Anouk to back her up; she wasn't afraid to face Frederick.

"Jasper, check on Charlotte, make sure the baby is okay," Taylor called Jasper over.

Jasper came over to examine Charlotte. "The baby is fine and very healthy.But Charlotte, have you not been sleeping well recently? Your health seems to have deteriorated a bit. Since you're pregnant, many medications are off-limits, so I can't prescribe anything for you."

"Thank you, Jasper," Charlotte said graefully. "In the future, my baby and I will still need your help." "Taylor has told mé everything about you, don't worry," Jasper adjusted his uniform and, after some thought, said, "Charlotte, the Serena you mentíoned earlier, is she the patient who became a vegetative state after a car accident five years ago?" "You know her?" Charlotte was a bit surprised. She couldn't understand how Jasper knew Serena. Jasper nodded. "It's a coincidence, but I just remembered that the first vegetative patient I encountered overseas was Serena. During her coma,she became a research subject for me and my mentor, and fortunately,we managed to wake her up."

"Serena was awakened by you?" Charlotte stood up from her chair in shock.


What kind of fate was this? Jasper, whom she had known since childhood,turned out to be Serena's doctor.

Charlotte murmured, "No wonder Frederick insisted on finding you, it was because of this."


So Frederick wasn't looking for trouble with her, but because of Jasper's connection with Serena, he sought out Jasper, and meeting her here was purely coincidental.

So,had Charlotte wronged Frederick?

"But what is Serena's relationship with Frederick? Didn't he marry you?"Jasper asked.

At this, Charlotte's eyes dimmed. "Serena is the woman Frederick loves.After she woke up, she came back to claim her place as Mrs. Percy, and she even has Frederick's child now. Frederick will divorce me and marry her."

"She has a child?" Jasper raised an eyebrow, his gaze becoming deep. "Yes, why?" Charlotte tilted her head to look at him, feeling that Jasper's reaction was a bit strange. "Nothing, I'm just a bit surprised, considering Serena was in a nutrition pod for several years," Jasper adjusted his glasses, the edges of the black frames already cracked, and the lenses showing fine cracks.

He said apologetically, "I'm sorry, Charlotte, I was too slow to realize Serena was my patient, causing a misunderstanding between you and Frederick. I was just too worried about you and didn't expect Frederick to be so rude."

Hearing him say this, the guilt for Frederick that had just risen in Charlotte's heart immediately dissipated.
###Chapter 29

Charlotte sighed, "Jasper, this isn't your fault. Frederick was the one being a jerk. You shouldn't feel bad about it. I should be the one saying sorry. It's because of methat you and Taylor got dragged into this mess."

Jasper shook his head, "I should've been able to protect you two."

"Enough!" Taylor cut in, rolling her eyes.


"Seriously,you two need to stop with the apologies. I'm starving. Someone take me out to eat, like, right now."

Charlotte chuckled, "Alright, my treat. And let's make it a welcome back for Jasper too."

After grabbing some food, the trio hit the shops. Since Frederick had cleared Jasper's schedule for the day, it was like a mini-vacation. They hung out until evening, not wanting the day to end.

Just then, Charlotte's phone buzzed, interrupting their laughter.

She glanced at the screen and saw it was Ryan, the butler. Her heart sank.If Ryan was calling, it hadto be about Frederick.

"What's up?" she answered, just before it went to voicemail.

"Mrs. Percy, can you come back now? Mr. Percy is passed out drunk."

"If he's drunk, let him sleep it off.Why call me?" Charlotte figured Frederick had told Ryan to get her back. Ryan sounded uneasy, "Mr. Percy was already tipsy when he got home.and he kept drinking. His hand injury hasn't been treated, and no one can get near him. Ms. Brown tried and almost had a miscarriage. She's resting now."

Charlotte frowned."Is he really that drunk?"

"Yes, Mrs. Percy. I'm not making this up. Mr. Percy won't let anyone near him. and his hand injury is untreated. If it gets infected. Mrs. Anouk Percy will have my head."
"Alright. I'll come back."

She hung up and turned to Taylor, who looked annoyed.


"Charlotte, is Frederick making you go back? No way, I can't let you. Let him deal with it! It's just a company. Your safety is more important."

Taylor's concern warmed Charlotte's heart. She didn't want to put Taylor in a tough spot either.


"Don't worry, Frederick won't hurt me. We've been married for years.I know he's got a temper, but he's not a bad guy."


Charlotte tried to reassure Taylor, but Jasper, who had been quiet,suddenly clenched his fists.

"I'll take you. If anything happens, you can get out fast."

"No need, Ryan already sent someone to pick me up. You two should go home and rest. Especially you, Jasper. You just got back and went straight to work. You probably haven't even adjustedto the time difference." "I'm not tired, but I'm worried about you." Jasper's intense gaze made Charlotte feel a bit flustered and uneasy. A few years back, Jasper never looked at her like this. She'd only seen that kind of gaze from Frederick before.

The ride to pick her up arrived quickly. Charlotte said her goodbyes and headed back to Percy Villa.

As soon as she walked in, she saw Ryan holding a medical kit.


"Mrs. Percy, when Mr. Percy is drunk, only you can get close to him."

Ryan handed her the kit. She took it and looked around, but Frederick was nowhere in sight.

Just as she was about to ask, she heard a crash. A wine bottle shattered on the floor,glass shards everywhere.

Charlotte spotted Frederick sitting on the floor by the wine cabinet.

She walked towards him, stepping over the broken glass. When she was about five feet away, Frederick's eyes snapped open.

Those eyes were sharp as hooks.

If it weren't for the strong smell of alcohol, she wouldn't have guessed he was drunk.


"Get out."

Frederick's deep voice rumbled, the slightly slurred words revealing his intoxication. Charlotte wasn't scared. She kept moving closer. Frederick threw another wine bottle, which shattered near her feet,splashing wine on her. "Get out!"

His voice was louder, almost a roar.

"Give me your hand."

Charlotte squatted in front of him, her expression blank. "Even if you want me to leave, let me treat your wound first."

Her firm attitude seemed to have a miraculous effect.

When Frederick heard her voice,his icy expression softened.

His eyes were slightly dazed, as if he was thinking or just in a trance.

Charlotte took his right hand, and Frederick didn't resist.

Ryan,standing at the door, finally breathed a sigh of relief.

He quickly called everyone to leave. As long as Charlotte was there,they weren't needed.

When Charlotte saw the wound on his right knuckle, she couldn't help but gasp.

She had only seen Frederick's hand bleeding after he smashed the table,but she didn't expect it to be this bad.

The skin on his knuckle was torn, the outer layer curling inward with the flesh,almost exposing the bone. For the entire afternoon, Frederick hadn't disinfected or bandaged it. He just kept drinking. The already dreadful wound was now swollen and red, making it look

 even worse.

"Couldn't you let them treat your wound before drinking?"

Charlotte quickly disinfected his wound while complaining.

"Didn't want others."

Frederick suddenly spoke, finishing his sentence quickly, then clamped his mouth shut.

"What did you say?" She didn't catch it.

Charlotte leaned in closer, her unique scent wafting into his nose.

Even in his drunken state, Frederick couldn't help but lean in to smell her.

"You smell nice."

Hearing this teasing remark, Charlotte was about to get angry, but she saw no desire in his eyes, just a sincere compliment.

"Hey, are you really drunk?"

Charlotte hesitated and waved her hand in front of his eyes.

But in the next moment, Frederick grabbed her hand, and with a slight pull, she lost her balance and fell into his arms.
###Chapter 30

Charlotte stumbled into Frederick's fiery embrace, suddenly reálizing just how hot he was.

Without a second thought, she pressed the back o her hand to his forehead.

"You're burning up."

The intense heat made it obvious that Frederick had a fever, no thermometer needed.

"Yeah."


Frederick mumbled, but his grip on Charlotte tightened, like he was scared she'd vanish if he let go.

"Let go, I need to call a doctor."

Charlotte tried to get up.

She figured his fever was probably from an infection in his wound. If that was the case, he needed antibiotics, and she couldn't just guess and hope for the best.


"No, don't leave me." Frederick clung to her.

"You!" Charlotte tried to push herself up, but her hand landed on broken glass. The sharp shards cut into her palm, making her fall back into Frederick's arms in pain. She lifted her hand, blood streaming from the cut.

Biting back the pain, she pulled out the glass, tears welling up in her eyes.

"This is all your fault! Now I'm hurt too!"

Even though her injury was minor compared to Frederick's, the pain was intense.

Frederick, his mind foggy from alcohol, saw the blood through his blurry vision.


He grabbed her hand and put the wound in his mouth.

"Hey! What are you doing? Spit it out!"

Charlotte was shocked, then her face turned bright red.

Frederick wasn't just holding her hand in his mouth, he was licking it,making the whole thing feel incredibly suggestive.

He let go of her hand, inspected it, and, seeing no more blood, proudly showed it to her.


"See, it doesn't hurt anymore."

Frederick said, flashing a sincere,childlike smile.

Charlotte was taken aback. She'd never seen this side of Frederick.Was this what he was like when he was drunk? Hislimpswere still stained with her blood, and he smiled so brightly,looking like a mix of devil and angel, with a captivating beauty. Faced with such a harmless Frederick, Charlotte's heart melted. She ruffled his hair and said, "Thanks, it doesn't hurt anymore."

"Now it's your turn."

Frederick obediently showed her his nasty wound, like he expected her to treat him the same way.


She sighed deeply.

She couldn't stay mad at this version of Frederick, but she wasn't going to let him keep up his nonsense.

Charlotte pulled the medical kit closer. Still in his embrace, she gently cleaned his wounds with iodine and wrapped his hand in bandages,making it look like a mummy's.

She looked at her "handiwork" and couldn't help but laugh.

Feeling wronged, Frederick leaned closeto her ear,seeking comfort.

Charlotte turned her head slightly and said, "Let's get up,the floor's freezing."

Despite the day's chaos, her tone softened when she faced the drunken Frederick.

"No,I want a kiss."

His mind was still hazy, his eyes locked on her lips.

As Frederick leaned in, Charlotte put a finger to his lips. Her eyes held a stubbornness she didn't even realize."Frederick, look at me. Do you know who I am?"Charlotte felt a bit anxious.

She hadn't expected Frederick to trust her so much when drunk,but she feared he might mistake her for someone else, which would explain his gentleness.

Frederick looked at her face seriously.

His eyes sparkled like stars and galaxies, so bright and clear.

"You're Charlotte,my wife."

Frederick said with certainty, his slow speech carrying a reassuring strength.

Charlotte sudIdenly felt a lump in her throat.

Even in his drunken state, Frederick could recognize her. Did this mean she still held a place in his heart?

If so, why had they ended up like this?

Feeling a pang of sorrow, Charlotte gently caressed his face and leaned in to kiss him.

Frederick didn't hesitate, using his left hand to cradle her head and deepen the kiss.
Their breaths mingled; their bodies pressed together; their breathing grew erratic.

Frederick wasn't satisfied with just kissing.

His hot lips moved downward, his actions gentle, like a devout believer worshipping Charlotte's body. Charlotte couldn't bear it either,letting out unconscious moans.

The sounds even encouraged Frederick, making him explore more.

When his tongue began teasing her nipples, Charlotte finally regained some sense.


"Not here, it's dangerous."

Charlotte's breath was ragged, her voice huskier than usual.

Frederick, obedient, lifted her with one arm, careful to avoid the broken glass.


He didn't bother going upstairs, relying on his memory to find the nearest guest room. He kicked the door open and tumbled them both onto the bed.

Frederick wanted to continue, but Charlotte hesitated.

She re-fastened her bra and, like soothing a child, said,"You're dirty,go take a shower."


"No."

Frederick'shands roamed her body restlessly.

"No shower, no bed," Charlotte's tone grew firmer.

She planned to leave while Frederick was in the shower,but Frederick seemed to read her mind. Though he obediently stood up, he still held her hand. "You help me." "Can't you shower by yourself?" Charlotte raised her voice. "My hand can't move." Frederick lifted his bandaged right hand, sounding a bit aggrieved.

Charlotte finally understood the saying: a consequence of one's own actions.

She had wrapped his hand so poorly out of spite, and now it was causing her trouble.


Charlotte, with a sense of resignation, followed him into the bathroom. "I'll help you undress, you can wash yourself with one hand."


Frederick's long, thick eyelashes fluttered, then he nodded, a fleeting sparkle in his eyes.

###Chapter 31

Charlotte didn't catch his playful smirk.

She turned on the bathtub faucet, letting the water fill up, and steam quickly filled the bathroom.

"Don't move."

Charlotte tried to help Frederick undress, but he wasn't making it easy.

She scolded him a bit, which seemed to work, and Frederick finally stopped squirming.

When she unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his firm muscles, Charlotte turned her head away awkwardly, silently cursing herself for feeling desire for a drunk Frederick.


But when she went to unbutton his pants, as soon as the zipper came down, his hot member sprang out eagerly.

It seemed to flaunt its masculinity, even twitching a few times.

Charlotte, as if burned, immediately let go and glared at Frederick in displeasure.

"You!"

She was so flustered that she couldn't say anything else for a long time. In a fit of anger, Charlotte turned to leave, but Frederick suddenly hit the shower button, and the overhead showerhead immediately sprayed a large amount of water, drenching them both. Even though the water was warm, it still made Charlotte shiver. Ignoring her own wet clothes, she raised Frederick's bandaged hand instinctively.

"Are you stupid? What if your wound gets wet?"

Her shouting was muffled by the sound of running water, and Frederick laughed after hearing it.

His wet hair made him look less aggressive, and water droplets rolled down his thick eyelashes.

Frederick let Charlotte hold up his hand, but his burning gaze was fixed on Charlotte's wet chest.

The fabric of her clothes, originally opaque,became semi-transparent when wet, making Charlotte's full curves faintly visible and even more enticing.

Frederick lowered his head and kissed Charlotte's lips through the water.

Charlotte was stunned and forgot to push him away, as if even the kiss became gentle in this warm 'rain.'

The two passionately sought each other, as if they had never been apart.

Charlotte closed her eyes, willingly offering her lips and tongue,and tears mixed with the warm water flowed down.

Despite her reluctance to let go of this relationship, her pride and dignity wouldn't allow her to continue. She could only surrender her true self to Frederick when he was not in a conscious state. She was such a coward. Charlotte kissed passionately, allowing  herself to sink once more. Meanwhile, Frederick tasted the tears and opened his eyes, his lust-filled gaze staring straight at her.

He said, "You're crying."

Charlotte tried to force a smile and shook her head.

"Don't cry, I don't want you to cry." Frederick reached out with his left hand to wipe her face, but it was impossible to distinguish between tears and water on her cheeks.

"Okay, I won't cry."

Charlotte said, then kissed him again, pressing her body against his,and Frederick became even more passionate.

Just as they were about to unite, an unpleasant sound came from outside the door.

"Charlotte,you bitch! Get out!"

"Open the door! Don't seduce Frederick while he's drunk, you slut!"

When Charlotte recognized Serena's voice, she stopped and looked towards the door.

Frederick couldn't help but continue, dissatisfied with Charlotte's distraction, he turned her face back to him and, as if in punishment, bit her nipple. Charlotte gasped as he bit her, her body trembling and letting out a moan. The sound wasn't loud, but in the bathroom, it echoed like crazy. Outside the door, Serena went nuts hearing it. She desperately kicked the door, but it was solid wood with a top-grade reinforced lock. Without a key, there was no way she could open it.

"Charlotte! You slut! Get out here! Even if you get Frederick while he's drunk, so what? Do you think that will make him love you? He still won't love you. When he wakes up and knows how low you've sunk,he'll only hate you more!"

"I'll kill you! You bitch!"


Serena's hysterical voice pierced Charlotte's heart like a sharp knife.

She cupped Frederick's face in her hands and asked seductively,"Do you love me?"


Frederick's eyes were slightly red. He turned his head to kiss her hand and said hoarsely, "I love you."


After he said that, Charlotte's tears fell again, and she finally allowed him to enter her body.

At that moment, their bodies and souls were completely intertwined.

Frederick's thrusts were fierce, and it didn't take long for Charlotte's legs to go weak, unable to stand.

She clung to his neck, and they both fell into the bathtub, the splashing water hitting the floor, mixing with Serena's curses outside, giving her a sense of revenge. When Serena wore her clothes and deceived her, did she ever imagine the same scene she would face today? 'So what if Frederick hates me when he wakes up tomorrow? Tonight, Frederick said he loves me, and that is enough.'

Charlotte completely let go of her voice, indulging in the bathtub with him,waves of intense pleasure washing over her.

The water in the bathtub splashed out with Frederick's vigorous movements.


Fresh, warm water flowed down Charlotte's neck, over her nipples; and mixed back into the tub.


Outside, Serena's voice was hoarse from shouting.

Serena listened to the increasingly intense sounds inside, collapsing to the ground in tears.


Despite having one hand out of commission, Frederick didn't slow down at all.

He was like a tireless machine, entering Charlotte's body over and over, as if tomorrow he would never have her again.

Climax after climax, it was impossible to tell how many times they had done it.


Charlotte only remembered the water in the bathtub, cooling and heating,heating and cooling.

Until the last climax, they were both exhausted, unable to move, but their bodies still clung tightly together, embracing in the bathtub. "Hey! Charlotte! Come out, we need to talk!" Serena, waiting outside, finally heard the quiet inside and immediately stood up, banging on the door. Charlotte sneered.

She left the bathtub, put on a robe, and willingly opened the door.

Outside, Serena's face was streaked with tears, looking very haggard.

Charlotte felt no sympathy for her; instead, she saw in the present Serena a reflection of her own disheveled self from that night.

"Charlotte! What kind of drug did you give Frederick? Why would he..."

"Why would he make love to me?"

Charlotte was very straightforward.

With that, she deliberately adjusted her robe, making sure Serena could see the love marks Frederick had left on her neck.
Billionaire CEO Seeks Remarriage	N

###Chapter 32

Serena's eyes blazed with fury when she heard Charlote's words."You!You shameless woman! Get out! I want to see Frederick!"

She lunged to push Charlotte, but Charlotte was ready and didn't budge.


Charlotte smirked. "He's in the bathroom, completely naked. Not a good time."


Serena suddenly remembered that Charlotte had said something similar the last time she came to see Frederick. It hit her that Charlotte was messing Her face twisted with anger, and her voice was sharp, "Charlotte, did you use these dirty tricks to keep Frederick's heart before? You're truly despicable."  with her on purpose. Enraged and humiliated, Serena raised her hand.


"Bitch! You're doing this just to piss me off,aren't you?"

Serena tried to slap Charlotte, but Charlotte caught her wrist.

Charlotte held her wrist tight. Even though she was worn out from her earlier time with Frederick, handling Serena, who had just woken up from a coma, was a piece of cake.


"You're hurting me!" Serena cried out, her voice all high-pitched and dramatic.

Charlotte saw right through her act and sneered, "Frederick's exhausted and fast asleep. No need to pretend; he can't hear you."

Hearing this, Serena dropped her weak act. Charlotte's grip tightened, making Serena wince in pain.

"Bitch, let go of me. Don't let your filthy hands touch me."

Charlotte disdainfully flung Serena's hand aside and said coldly, "It was your filthy hand that tried to touch me first. I find you dirty."
She even wiped her hand on her robe, like she was really wiping off something gross.

Serena felt humiliated.

She spat at Charlotte, "A woman like you, who only uses her body to win over men, is a disgrace to all women. Don't fool yourself into thinking Frederick loves you; he's just drawn to how low you are."

Charlotte had heard worse before.

She was completely unfazed by Serena's words.


She deliberately looked Serena up and down, her gaze lingering on Serena'sflat chest.


Charlotte curled her lips into a playful smile and mocked, "Yes, is there any girl who can be as pure and noble as you? But even if you wanted to offer yourself to Frederick, I'm afraid you'd hardly get the chance."


Serena's face turned beet red. She knew her figure couldn't compare to Charlotte's. Last time, when she tried to get with Frederick, he had indeed turned her down. Remembering that, Serena's face darkened even more. She glared at Charlotte with a twisted expression and then asked, "What will it take for you to leave Frederick? How much money do you want?Just name a price, and I won't haggle."

Charlotte was in a good mood. Feeling satisfied, she had the energy to deal with Serena.


Charlotte asked with interest, "How much can you give me? In other words,how much do you think the heir of the Percy Family, the president of the Percy Group, tall, strong, and good in bed, Frederick, is worth to you?"

Serena was so infuriated by Charlotte's shamelessness that her face almost twisted.


If it had been a few days ago, Serena wouldn't have been so flustered.

Back then, Frederick was completely devoted to her.

But ever since she insisted on leaving the hospital, everything had gone downhill.

Especially Frederick's attitude towards her, which made Serena feel seriously threatened.

"I'll give you a hundred million dollars. Just stop bothering Frederick and leave right now!"

Charlotte raised an eyebrow, genuinely surprised.

She hadn't expected Serena to be so generous. But Charlotte kindly reminded her, "Frederick and I are still married, so no matter how much you promise me, it counts as our joint marital property and doesn't mean anything." "Then what do you want?" Serena was on the verge of losing it.

Charlotte knew she finally had the upper hand in this showdown with Serena.

She pointed upstairs and threatened, "Go back up there right now and don't disturb us again. If you stay here, I'll keep making love to Frederick and let you hear us again."

"You! You are shameless." Serena pointed at Charlotte, her hand shaking with rage.


Charlotte waved her hand, knocking Serena's hand away.

"I'll count to three. If you're still here after that, we'll continue. After all,I wasn't satisfied earlier."


Charlotte deliberately showed a look of unsatisfied desire.

Serena immediately panicked.

Her voice was almost crying. "Charlotte, you win. I'll leave right now.Just don't touch him again."


Charlotte lazily leaned against the door frame and made a shooing gesture.

She watched as Serena reluctantly and unwillingly moved towards the stairs.


Because Serena kept looking back, she almost got cut by the broken glass on the floor. Seeing her clumsy appearance, Charlotte couldn't help but laugh out loud. Hearing Charlotte's laughter, Serena felt even more devastated. She hurried her steps and slammed the door shut.

After hearing the noise, Charlotte's smile gradually faded.

She knew that the reason she had the upper hand tonight was because Frederick was out cold.


If Frederick were conscious, his heart would definitely lean towards Serena,and she would have no chance against her.

Thinking of this, Charlotte felt a bit desolate.

After closing the door, she stood by the bed, silently tracing Frederick's outline with her eyes.

If Frederick could always be like tonight, wouldn't they never have to part?As soon as this thought arose, Charlotte felt a slight pain in her abdomen.

She reached out to touch it.

Regardless of how things turn out between her and Frederick, this child was a gift from heaven.

For the sake of the child, she wouldn't easily give up on her life.

The next morning.

Charlotte had fallen asleep close to the edge of the bed last night, even placing two pillows between herself and Frederick. When she woke up, she found her head resting on Frederick's arm,completely enveloped in his embrace. Charlotte frowned deeply. 
Had she, in deep sleep, been so greedy for Frederick's warmth that she had moved closer?


As Charlotte was puzzling over this, she saw Frederick's eyelashes flutter.as if he was about to wake up.


It was too late to leave now, so Charlotte quickly closed her eyes to pretend to be sleeping.

The moment Frederick woke up, he was still a bit confused.


He found himself naked, pressed against a woman. His body stiffened for a moment, but when he saw who it was, he relaxed.


He couldn't quite remember what had happened last night.
###Chapter 33

Frederick hadn't gotten this wasted in ages.

He knew he turned into a different person when he was totally hammered.so he usually kept it in check to avoid any drama.

Even with his patchy memory, Frederick could piece together the wild night he and Charlotte had by looking at his bandaged hand and feeling that satisfied, relaxed vibe in his body.

Seeing the dark circles under Charlotte's eyes,he felt a weird pang of pity.

For once, he didn't wake her up to satisfy his own needs.

Frederick carefully pulled his hand away, rolled over, and slipped out of bed without making a sound.


As soon as he was dressed and out the door, Charlotte's eyes snapped open.

She couldn't believe Frederick let her off the hook so easily.

Even with her eyes closed, she could feel his erection pressing against her waist.


Frederick would rather hold back than bother her?

That was a first.

Charlotte let out a sigh of relief and then heard Serena's voice from outside.The mess from last night had aready been cleaned up by the maids,but the faint smell of alcohol still lingered.Hearing the door open, Serena immediately came out of the kitchen.

With what she thought was her most gentle smile, she asked, "You're up?How are you feeling? I made you breakfast. Come have some when you're ready."

Frederick-paused.

He wanted to ask if anything had happened last night, but he held back.

Serena was an open book and couldn't hide anything. If something had gone wrong, she would've said so.

Since she seemed fine, everything must've been okay.

Frederick followed her to the dining table and saw two burnt fried eggs and a bowl of porridge.

He frowned slightly, being picky about his food.

Besides the chefs he approved of, only Charlotte could make food he liked.

He instinctively wanted to refuse, but Serena looked at him with hopeful eyes.

"Did I mess up? I know I'm not great at this. I can redo it. Just give me a minute."

She showed him her hand, which had a mark from being splashed with oil.


Frederick sighed and sat down.

"No need to redo it. I'll eat."

With that, he resolutely picked up a piece of egg. As soon as he put it in his mouth, he almost spat it out.

The thin layer of egg was covered in way too much salt.

He quickly took a sip of the porridge, only to find the rice grains were still hard.


"How is it? Is it good?"

Frederick's expression didn't change, so Serena looked at him expectantly,waiting for praise.


Frederick struggled to swallow the food and couldn't bring himself to compliment her.

Just then, Charlotte walked in.

She poured herself a glass of milk and said with a glance, "So much salt,are you trying to kill Frederick with it?"


"Charlotte, what do you mean by that? I made this for Frederick with care.Even if it's not good, it's my effort. How can you insult me like that?"Serena's tears started flowing instantly.


Charlotte shrugged and said mercilessly, "You used my kitchen to make such a terrible thing. I might even say you have insulted my belongings."

Serena was so angry she wanted to curse, but she saw Frederick still there out of the corner of her eye. She changed her tone and continued to play the victim, "I know you hold a grudge against me. I know I'm the extra one in this house. A useless person like me, what's the point of living? I'Il leave now and not be an eyesore."As she spoke, tears flowed even more. She took off her apron and threw it on the ground,ready to leave.

Frederick immediately stepped forward and grabbed her arm. "Serena, don't make a fuss. Charlotte meant no harm. You don't have to leave."

Serena turned her head stubbornly and questioned Frederick, "So you mean I'm wronging her?"

Frederick didn't answer directly, only saying, "Stop it. Did you forget the doctor's advice?"


Hearing that he was still vaguely defending Charlotte, Serena became even more anxious. Last night, when Frederick and Charlotte slept together, she could still deceive herself that it was Charlotte's seduction while he was drunk. But now that Frederick was awake, his attitude hadn't changed.

Serena, with a sudden thought, immediately crouched down and began to wail in agony. "My stomach hurts, Frederick, is something wrong with our baby?"


Serena curled up on the ground, hiding her expression, but Frederick's face tensed when he heard her mention the baby. "How do you feel? I'll take you to the hospital now."

Serena continued to wail, "I don't know what's wrong. I just suddenly felt a lot of pain. I remember the doctor said I shouldn't get angry." As she spoke, she struggled to get up and angrily pointed at Charlotte. "Charlotte, if anything happens to my baby because of you, I won't let you off." Charlotte, being unjustly accused, also got angry. "Even if something happens to your baby, it's your own fault. If you didn't cause trouble,your baby would be fine."


Serena immediately screamed, "Frederick! Did you hear that? She's cursing my baby."


Seeing Serena's emotional breakdown. Frederick also felt very irritated.He looked at-Charlotte coldly and scolded, "Shut up! Isn't the situation chaotic enough?"


Charlotte was startled by his sudden outburst. Then she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her stomach, as if a knife was twisting inside.The unexpected pain made Charlotte clutch her stomach, frowning and gritting her teeth to keep from crying out.

Serena didn't expect Charlotte to use her trick and immediately accused loudly, "Charlotte, what are you pretending for? Are you trying to gain sympathy? I'm pregnant, you're not. Who are you pretending for?"

Hearing Serena's words, Frederick's initially worried expression gradually turned cold. He hated being deceived. He didn't expect Charlotte to become such a person. He picked Serena up in his arms.

He looked at Charlotte coldly, his tone filled with impatience and disgust,"
Charlotte, stop pretending. You know I hate being lied to the most."
###Chapter 34

Charlotte was still clutching her stomach, veins popping on her forehead,cold sweat dripping down, and biting her lip to keep from crying out.

She'd already been through so much pain, and hearing Frederick's heartless words felt like being thrown into an icy abyss. She was freezing inside and out.

Frederick was about to leave with Serena. He glanced back at Charlotte and saw she still looked miserable.

"Are you really in pain?" he asked, trying tobe patient.

Charlotte wiped the sweat from her forehead and snapped, "Get lost!"

Frederick's patience ran out at her ungrateful response.

"Fine, suit yourself," he said coldly, then left with Serena without a second thought.

Charlotte felt a wave of bitterness wash over her. Watching them walk away,her stomach cramped again, and she threw up all the cold milk she had just drunk. Her vision went black.

As she started to lose consciousness, she vaguely saw someone running towards her.Could it be Frederick? When she opened her eyes again, she smelled the familiar scent of disinfectant. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw someone standing to her left. It was Ryan. Ryan stood respectfully by her side. "Mrs. Percy, you're awake? How are you feeling?" Seeing it was Ryan, Charlotte gave a self-mocking smile. So it was Ryan.How could she be so foolish to think that figure was Frederick? At this moment, Frederick was surely with Serena, not caring about her.

Charlotte's eyes dimmed, but she forced herself to thank Ryan. "Ryan,thank you."

No matter how Frederick treated her, Ryan had always taken good care of her.


Ryan immediately waved his hand. "It's my duty. You've taken good care of us all these years; there's no need to thank me."

Charlotte nodded at him. She suddenly remembered something and touched her stomach in alarm, then looked at Ryan warily. "You already know about my condition."


Ryan lowered his head, a hint of struggle in his expression. But in the end,he told the truth. "After I brought you to the hospital, the doctor examined you and concluded that you fainted due to emotional agitation from pregnancy."


Charlotte's heart sank. She looked at Ryan earnestly. "Ryan, could you please not tell anyone about my pregnancy? Don't tell Frederick, and especially don't tell Anouk, please."

Ryan looked at Charlotte with great confusion, his eyes filled with pity."Why won't you tell them? Mrs. Anouk Percy dreams of seeing you have your own child, and if Mr. Percy knew, he would..."

Charlotte interrupted him, "He would not divorce me, right? Ryan, if Frederick really cared about me and my child, he wouldn't have let Serena get pregnant. So now, I just want to get divorced quickly and leave." She added, "The child will only be mine. I don't want him to bear the fate of the Percy Family, nor do I want us to be separated, forcing him to live under the care of a stepmother. You understand my sentiments,right?"
Charlotte nervously reached out and grabbed Ryan's wrist. She was gambling that Ryan wouldn't tell the Percy Family about this. She had hidden it so well, but it was exposed because of him. Moreover,she had always been kind to everyone in the Percy Family, and Ryan had a good heart,so she believed he would agree.
After some internal struggle, Ryan finally looked up and said, "Mrs. Percy,I'll keep your secret, but I hope you'lI give Mr. Percy one last chance. He actually cares about you a 'lot."
"Alright, I'll give it one more try," Charlotte agreed and called Frederick.She wasn't sure if she was trying to prove to Ryan or to herself that Frederick didn't love her.

The call connected quickly. "Where are you? My stomach hurts,and I'm in the hospital. Can you come see me?" she asked.

"I'm busy," Frederick's response was cold and brief.

"I'm really not feeling well. Can't you come see me?" Charlotte repeated,fixated on his answer.

His voice was low, with a hint of warning, "If you're not feeling well, see a doctor. Do you think my visit would cure your illness?"

Hearing this, Charlotte gave a pale smile. Her phone was on speaker, so Ryan could hear everything. He shook his head silently,feeling sorry for Frederick for missing out on such a good wife.

Seeing that Ryan had given up, Charlotte said, "You're right. I won't bother you anymore." Just as she was about to hang up, she heard a coquettish voice from Frederick's side, "Frederick, don't stop. My stomach still hurts.Keep rubbing it for me."

Hearing such a pretentious voice, Charlotte felt a wave of nausea. She didn't want to listen any longer and immediately hung up the phone. Ryan,being perceptive, handed her a trash can. Her stomach was empty, so she could only vomit a few mouthfuls of bile, but it still took a toll on her.

At this moment, Charlotte truly felt disgusted. It turned out that love and indifference were so obvious. Serena was clearly faking it, but Frederick,such a shrewd person, was willing to be deceived. Perhaps she should have let go a long time ágo. Last night's tender moment was just her wishful thinking.

Charlotte felt like she had vomited up bile, and the discomfort in her stomach finally subsided a bit. Ryan cleaned up the trash can,and Charlotte apologized to him again. "Sorry to trouble you. You can go back to your work. I'll call my friend to come over."

Ryan wanted to stay and take care of Charlotte, but he knew it wasn't appropriate for him to stay. So he solemnly said, "Mrs. Percy, I'll leave now.Rest assured, I won't tell anyone about your pregnancy."

Hearing Ryan's promise, Charlotte finally felt relieved. After seeing Ryan off,Charlotte called Táylor. She briefly explained her situation and asked Taylor to come take care of her. Taylor agreed immediately and said she would be there soon. Almost two minutes after hanging up, there was a knock on the door.Charlotte was slightly surprised. 'Did Taylor come by rocket? How could she be so fast?' "Come in. Do you really need to knock?" Charlotte's voice was a bit playful.When the door opened, Charlotte suddenly felt a bit awkward. It wasn't Taylor who came,but Jasper.
Jasper was dressed in a pure white uniform, with a stethoscope around his neck and a medical record in his hand. It was apparent that he had just come directly from the ward.

Charlotte put away her playful attitude, sat up straight, and looked at Jasper with some embarrassment. "Jasper, why are you here?"

###Chapter 35

Jasper was holding Charlotte's medical record, glancing over it. Without even looking up when she asked her question, he said softly, "Taylor mentioned she had some work at the company. She knew you were here,so she asked me to check on you."

Charlotte felt a bit awkward and had already cursed Taylor in her mínd a few times.


If Taylor couldn't make it, she should've at least given her a heads-up. It really puat her in an uncomfortable spot.

Jasper looked up and noticed Charlotte's discomfort.

He smiled gently, "Don't be embarrassed. Here, we're just doctor and patient; gender doesn't matter."

Hearing Jasper voice her thoughts,Charlotte smiled wryly.

"Guess my awareness isn't high enough."

Jasper didn't linger on the topic. After placing the medical record on the table, he told Charlotte, "The baby's doing great, developing normally. But you, on the other hand, aren't doing so well."

"Your sleep quality is poor, and you're anemic. Your body's so weak that you faint when you get too emotional."

After thinking for a moment, Jasper added, "If you keep neglecting your health, it'll affect the baby eventually. The baby's health is closely tied to yours. You need to keep a good mood for both of you."
 
Charlotte nodded seriously. 
"I get it. I'll definitely take care."

Jasper nodded calmly and then put on his stethoscope.

"Lift your shirt. I'll check you again."

Jasper pressed the stethoscope against Charlotte.

Even though Charlotte felt a bit embarrassed, she complied.

She kept repeating in her mind: I'mthe patient, Jasper's the doctor.

As she lifted her shirt to expose her belly, just about to reveal her underwear, the door suddenly burst open.

Before Charlotte could react, she heard an angry shout, "What are you doing? Get your dirty hands off her!"

Charlotte's hand froze, and she looked towards the door in disbelief, only to see Frederick standing there.

'Is Frederick here to see me?'

At that moment, Serena stepped out from behind Frederick.

Serena gasped dramatically.

Then, in a pitiful tone, she accused, "Dr. Johnson, you refused to treat me because of Charlotte? If I hadn't come here, I wouldn't have known who was causing trouble behind the scenes." Hearing Serena's words, Jasper immediately frowned. "Ms. Brown, you were my patient before, but now I've changed hospitals,and I'm not an obstetrician. I can't treat you." Hearing Jasper say this, Serena immediately pointed at Charlotte.

"Then what's wrong with her? Why can you treat her?"

Charlotte frowned and snapped, "Jasper is my friend. He just came to check on me. Is that a problem?"

"Well, Dr. Johnson and I are also friends. We spent a long time together overseas," Serena retorted, not backing down.

But after saying this,Serena glanced guiltily at Frederick.

She and Frederick were almost at the point of getting married,and arguing with Charlotte about another guy right now was probably not the best move.


But what really threw her off was that Frederick's eyes were glued to Charlotte, completely ignoring her, which made Serena feel even more uneasy.

'Why does Charlotte get all the luck?'

Whether it was the cool, highly educated Jasper who'd just come back from overseas,orFrederick, the rich and successful CEO, both seemed to have a special interest in Charlotte.

What made Charlotte so special?

Frederick's expression was dark as he stared coldly at Charlotte."Can't stand being alone, can you? The moment I'm not around, you find someone else to keep you company."

Charlotte's eyes turned ícy. "Don't be soharsh. Jasper's just examining me.Even if I were lonely, I have my limits. Unlike you, who brings a lover home before even getting a divorce."

Frederick knew she was mocking him, which only fueled his anger.

When Charlotte called earlier, he thought she wanted him to come back.

He didn't expect her to actually be in the hospital.

What he didn't expect even more was that, unable to resist Serena's request,he brought her to find Jasper, only to walk in on this scene.

Calming down, he noticed Jasper holding a stethoscope.

But in his impulsiveness, all he saw was Charlotte lifting her shirt and Jasper reaching out to touch her.

"I don't want to argue here. We'll talk at home."

Frederick spat out the words coldly and turned to leave.

Charlotte mocked, "You told me to find a doctor who could treat me. Now that I have, you're still uncomfortable. Frederick, you're really something."

Frederick's eyes darkened instantly.

Seeing how familiar Jasper and Charlotte were, Serena felt a pang of discomfort.

Whether it was possessiveness or because Jasper had saved her, Serena always felt a strange pull towards him. home before even getting a divorce."

Frederick knew she was mocking him, which only fueled his anger.

When Charlotte called earlier, he thought she wanted him to come back.

He didn't expect her to actually be in the hospital.

What he didn't expect even more was that, unable to resist Serena's request,he brought her to find Jasper, only to walk in on this scene.

Calming down, he noticed Jasper holding a stethoscope.

But in his impulsiveness, all he saw was Charlotte lifting her shirt and Jasper reaching out to touch her.

"I don't want to argue here. We'll talk at home."

Frederick spat out the words coldly and turned to leave.

Charlotte mocked, "You told me to find a doctor who could treat me. Now that I have, you're still uncomfortable. Frederick, you're really something."

Frederick's eyes darkened instantly.

Seeing how familiar Jasper and Charlotte were, Serena felt a pang of discomfort.

Whether it was possessiveness or because Jasper had saved her, Serena always felt a strange pull towards him. Unwilling to give up, Serena said, "Dr. Johnson, I don't know if Charlotte said something to make you misunderstand me. But both I and my unborn child really need you. You brought me out of a vegetative state,and I trust no one else but you." Jasper's expression remained gentle, but his eyes flashed with coldness.

He said calmly, "I've told you many times, I can't treat you.Please stop bothering me, and don't use your connections to pressure the hospital director. As for Charlotte, she's my friend, and I just came to check on her."

Serena's emotions suddenly seemed to collapse.

"But we've known each other for years. Doesn't that make us friends?"

Seeing Serena's outburst, Charlotte found it odd.

To someone who didn't know the situation, it would seem like Jasper had abandoned Serena because her words were so misleading.

"We're just a regular doctor-patient relationship, nothing more."

Serena clutched her chest, feeling inexplicably uncomfortable.

Her breathing became rapid, and she glared at Charlotte with resentment.

She said to Frederick in a whiny tone, "Frederick, I feel a disturbing discomfort in my heart."
###Chapter 36

Hearing Serena's words, Frederick didn't hesitate for a second.

He shot a glare at Jasper, who was still standing next to Charlotte, and barked, "Get over here and treat Serena now. Charlotte's not that sick; you don't need to play along with her drama."

In Frederick's mind, Charlotte had always been healthy.

All these years together, he could barely remember a time when Charlotte was sick. So, the moment he brought up divorce, she suddenly fell seriously ill? Yeah, right. He was convinced she was just putting on a show with Jasper to get his attention.

"Play along with my act?"

Charlotte's face froze for a second, then she sneered and pointed at Serena,
"And what about Serena? Isn't she acting too?"


Serena secretly fumed and started to act even more dramatically, her body trembling slightly.

Frederick reached out to steady her shoulder, his tone growing colder,"Serena's been in a coma for years; her health isn't like yours. Plus, she's pregnant now, so of course, she's weaker. Don't make baseless accusations."

If it weren't for saving him back then, Serena wouldn't have ended up in a vegetative state. He'd always feel indebted to her for that. Charlotte didn't want to get angry, but hearing Frederick's words,she couldn't help buIt feel a pang of discomfort in her chest. Jasper had been quiet, but seeing Charlotte so upset, his expression turned icy.

He turned his head and quietly observed Serena.

Then he asked, "Ms. Brown, do you remember the discharge evaluation I did for you? Your body had indeed recovered to normal, but I'm curious,how did you get preg..."
"Dr.Johnson!"

Serena shouted,cutting him off.

Then, with tears welling up in her eyes, she said pitifully,"Isn't that my privacy as a patient? Are you trying to ruin me?"

Jasper adjusted his black-framed glasses slightly and said calmly, "Didn't you say we were friends? Discussing health matters between friends shouldn't be an issue."

Charlotte looked at Jasper in surprise.

In her mind, Jasper was always gentle. He had always taken special care of her and Taylor in their studies and life, like a warm sun.

But just now, she suddenly felt that Jasper was quite cunning.

Serena almost ground her teeth to pieces. At this moment,she indeed felt a deep threat from Jasper. "Dr. Johnson, if you don't want to treat me, that's fine, but there's no need to dislike me. I'm still very grateful that you saved me." Serena said obediently, then looked at Frederick with tears glistening in her eyes. "Let's go. Don't disturb them anymore. It's all my fault. Don't blame Charlotte. I believe she has nothing to do with this."
"Alright, let's go."

Frederick agreed immediately.

He could hear the threat in Jasper's words. He wanted to ask more and understood the deeper meaning behind their words.
There must be something between Serena and this doctor that he didn't know.

His gaze lingered on Charlotte's face. "If you need something,reach out to me. You should be aware of your role and be mindful of your boundaries."

Frederick's eyes carried a warning as he glanced at Charlotte and Jasper,then he picked up the limp Serena and left the ward.

Charlotte lowered her head, her eyes full of bitterness.


She had always known that in this confrontation with Serena, Frederick's balance would always tilt towards Serena.

Even though Charlotte thought she was ready for it, Frederick's suspicion still stung.


He had given all his trust toSerena,leaving barely any for Charlotte. Since that was the case, she felt no need to feel guilty towards him. She would never confess about hiding the child from him. "Charlotte,you okay?" Jasper placed a meal in front of her. "This is a work meal I asked a colleague to bring. You should eat some; it's pretty good."

Charlotte looked at the rich dishes but had no appetite. "I don't feel like eating.You have it."
"You need to eat even if you don't feel like it. Your baby needs it too."

Jasper set the utensils for her, looking at her like he was coaxing a child.

"Thanks."

Charlotte obediently took a few bites, but before she could eat much,a strong wave of nausea hit her.

The spasms in her stomach made her retch again.

Jasper immediately patted her back to help her breathe and opened the window to let in some fresh air.

Charlotte immediately felt better. "Thanks."

"Alright,don't talk."

Jasper apologized, "It's my fault for not considering how severe your morning sickness is. But as a first-time mom, it's normal to have a strong reaction. To alleviate it, besides watching your diet, it's best if your partner massages you every night to reduce the symptoms."

Charlotte thought of Frederick and sneered. Jasper then realized they were getting divorced and quickly said, "Look at what I'm saying. Frederick doesn't care about your feelings, causing your anger during pregnancy. How could he possibly give you massages? But a man with such a bad temper and character,leaving him early is a relief." Charlotte glanced at him.

She felt that Jasper's words seemed to carry some inexplicable hostility towards Frederick.
Was she overthinking it?

In the hallway.

Frederick, holding Serena, had just left the ward and was about to take her to see a doctor.
But Serena claimed she was feeling much better now and asked him to put her down.

Frederick looked at her and asked in a deep voice, "Serena, what did that doctor mean by his words? Are you hiding something from me?"

Her expression stiffened upon hearing his questions.

She hadn't expected Frederick to be so perceptive, immediately sensing the hidden meaning in Jasper's words.

After thinking for a moment, Serena pretended to be troubled and said, "I don't know why Jasper said that. Frederick, could it bebecause he's Charlotte's friend and wants to discredit me in front of you?"

She spoke convincingly, her eyes filled with tears as she continued,"Otherwise, I can't think of another reason why Jasper would treat me this way.We have no conflicts."


Frederick frowned.

His voice was calm but authoritative, "Do you think Charlotte is deliberately instigating?" "What else could it be? Frederick, are you doubting me now? Am I a criminal for you to suspect like this? I have no reason to falsely accuse Charlotte. Five years ago, I was supposed to marry you, but I didn't mind Charlotte taking my place. I tolerated her provocations multiple times. The bitterness of losing five years of my youth is something I bear alone! If you still doubt me, you might as welllet me go!"
Serena suddenly became hysterical, her eyes red with grievance.
###Chapter 37

"Hey,calm down."

Frederick stared at Serena, his heart racing as he remembered the car accident.

He couldn't calm her down, so he just held her close and whispered,"Don't stress. I promised you, and I'll keep my word. The divorce with Charlotte is just a matter of time. Just hang in there a bit longer, and I'Il make it up to you,okay?"

"Okay."


Serena buried her face in his chest. "I'm sorry, Frederick. I didn't mean to snap at you. I juast feel so insecure. I have nightmares every night.dreaming that you choose Charlotte in the end, and I'm left with nothing.Frederick, you're all I have now. Please don't leave me."

"Okay,I promise."

Frederick's hand hovered in the air, and he didn't hug her back.

He was a mess too. That car accident had changed everything.


The once vibrant Serena, who wanted to conquer the entertainment world,was gone. Now, she was no longer independent and had lost her spark,just like the other despondent women in the socialite circle.

Serena nestled in his arms but didn't feel his warmth. Her expression turned dark.

She had to act fast to make sure she and Frederick got intimate.She could still fake the pregnancy for now, but in a month or two, if there were no signs,things would get tricky.

Just then, Frederick got a phone call.

As he turned to answer it, Serena took out a small bottle and secretly sprayed it behind her ears.
When Frederick finished the call and came back, she shyly moved closer to him.

"Frederick, I'm feeling better now. Let's go home. The hospital smell is making me sick."

Frederick agreed.

As they walked out together, he noticed a strange scent coming from Serena.


The smell was too sweet, and he didn't like it.

Frederick frowned but didn't say anything, just quietly moved a bit away from her.


Serena noticed and felt a surge of anger.

Her perfume was strong, but if Frederick didn't breathe in enough, it wouldn't work well.

Luckily, when they got to the garage and into the car, the scent started to spread. Serena gripped her skirt tightly, trying to keep it together, barely managing to stay composed in the car. But the strange feeling below made her face flush. She couldn't help but give Frederick a seductive look, wanting to jump on him right then.
At that moment. Frederick felt a bit hot too, but he didn't think much of it.just chalked it up to a normal reaction from not having sex for a while.
Serena sneaked a glance at Frederick's crotch.

Seeing the noticeable bulge, she smiled slightly.

Meanwhile, an unexpected visitor showed up in Charlotte's hospital room.

"Grandma!"


"Charlotte. Don't move around. I just came to see you."

Anouk,sitting in a wheelchair,gently pushed Charlotte back.

Charlotte was a bit flustered. "Grandma, why are you here?"

After asking. Charlotte felt a twinge of regret.

Why did she ask that?

It made it seem like she didn't want Anouk to care about her, or that she felt guilty.

But Anouk didn't seem to mind, her smile stiIl warm. She said to Charlotte, "Staying at home is nice, but it doesn't have all the medical equipment the hospital does. And being stuck at home isn't as lively as the hospital. I was out for a walk with the caregiver and ran into your butler. He told me you were in the hospital, so I came over. How are you feeling? Any discomfort?" Charlotte understood.

She took Anouk's hand and said, "Grandma, I'm fine. I probably just didn't sleep well before, so I fainted. You don't need to worry about me. How's your leg feeling?"

Anouk felt touched by Charlotte's concern.

But Anouk looked around and didn't see Frederick,frowning.

"Where's Frederick? Why isn't he hee with you? When I see him, I'll give him a piece of my mind."

Hearing Frederick's name. Charlotte's eyes dimmed.

She didn't want to hear anything about him now, but she didn't want to disappoint Anouk.

After all, her issues with Frederick had nothing to do with Anouk.

Charlotte patiently said to Anouk. "Frederick is responsible for the entire Percy Group. It's normal for him to be busy. I'm fine and don't need to be hospitalized. I'll go home soon."

"As if he's the busiest person in the world."


Anouk pouted in dissatisfaction. "Frederick is getting more and more out of line. Even if you don't complaín to me, I know he's been with Serena and hasn't had time to take care of you." Hearing Anoukstand up for her, Charlotte shook her head, feeling helpless.If Anouk's words reached Frederick,he might think she complained to Anouk. Forget it. They're getting divorced anyway. Why should she care?

Charlotte was about to change the topic, but Jasper, standing nearby, spoke up.
He stepped forward and said, "Hello, Mrs. Anouk. I'm Charlotte's friend.Jasper Johnson."

Anouk looked at him and apologized, "I'm sorry. I thought you were a doctor."

Jasper politely said, "I am indeed a doctor. So when I heard Charlotte was in distress and fainted, I came to check on her."

Charlotte felt helpless.

She wanted to stop Jasper but couldn't.

Now that he had revealed the situation, she had to explain to Anouk.


Sure enough, Anouk immediately looked at Charlotte. "Distress? What happened? Did Frederick do something wrong? Tell me, and I'll mnake sure you get justice."


Seeing Anouk's concern,Charlotte felt a wave of warmth.

She really didn't want to tell Anouk.

On one hand, she was worried about Anouk's health.

On the other hand, she didn't want to use Anouk's influence to pressure Frederick, as if she didn't want the divorce.

"Grandma, I know you can't bear to see me distressed, but I am confident that I can handle matters between Frederick and me. Please don't worry about it."

Jasper interjected, "Mrs. Anouk, as Charlotte's friend, I want to say that if Frederick can't fulfill his duties as a husband, he should let go. There are plenty of people who want to treat Charlotte well."
###Chapter 38

Anouk glanced up at Jasper, her eyes darting between him and Charlotte.

She quickly picked up on Jasper's feelings for Charlotte.

But she was also worried about Frederick.

Anouk kept her smile steady and said politely, "I'm really glad Charlotte has a friend like you. As for Frederick, I'll make sure to keep him in line."
Jasper frowned a bit, wanting to say more,but Charlotte started coughing right away.
She coughed a few times, then said to Jasper, "Jasper, you're still on duty,right? Grandma's here to take care of me. You should get back to work."

Jasper's eyes darkened, a hint of sadness flickering in them.

He knew he had been a bit forward today, but he didn't regret it.

"Get some rest. I'll come back to see you later."


Jasper didn't hesitate, nodding slightly to Anouk before leaving.

Once he was gone, Charlotte finally let out a sigh of relief.

Her tense emotions had just relaxed when she felt her stomach churning again.


Not wanting to lose her composure in front of Anouk, she quickly jumped out of bed and rushed to the bathroom, not even bothering to puton her shoes.


Anouk immediately asked, "Charlotte, what's wrong?""Grandma. I'm fine. Don't worry."

Even though Charlotte told her not to worry, the sound of her vomiting was loud and clear to both Anouk and the caregiver.
The caregiver whispered to Anouk, "Mrs. Anouk Percy, it looks like Mrs.Charlotte Percy might be pregnant."
Anouk's furrowed brow instantly relaxed, her eyes lighting up with joy:

"It does seem like it! Could Charlotte really be pregnant?"

Just then, Charlotte came out of the bathroom.

Her face was still pale, and upon hearing Anouk's words,she turned almost ghostly white.

Charlotte nervously clenched her fingers, forcing a smile. "Grandma, who did you say is pregnant?"

The caregiver smiled and said, "Mrs. Charlotte Percy,you haven't had children before, so you might not have noticed. But we can tell at a glance that you're pregnant. Congratulations!"

The caregiver didn't know about the issues between Frederick and Charlotte.


Upon discovering Charlotte's pregnancy, she immediately assumed it was good news and congratulated her. But Charlotte couldn't smile. She hadn't expected her symptoms to be so obvious. The secret she had hidden for so long was so easily revealed by a stranger. W
Even now,Charlotte wanted to struggle a bit.

She suppressed her true emotions and said, "We've been married for five years without getting pregnant. Now that we're about to divorce,how could I be pregnant? I must have just eaten something bad."
Anouk remembered that Frederick had wanted to divorce Charlotte, and her initial joy was somewhat dampened, yet she didn't want to give up.
"Charlotte,you haven't given birth, so it's normal not to recognize the signs.But I also think you're pregnant. Why don't we have a doctor check you right now?"

Charlotte's expression grew more serious.

If she insisted further, would Anouk think she was deliberately hiding it and get angry?

If there was anyone in the Percy family that Charlotte cared about, Anouk was definitely one of them.

When she and Frederick got married, everyone else looked down on her,but Anouk stood by her.

Anouk's kindness and warmth were something Charlotte could never repay.


"Grandma, Frederick and I have reached this point. Is there any need for a checkup?" "Of course, there's a need. The child in your belly is my long-awaited great-grandchild. Whether it's a boy or a girl, it's a child I've been looking forward to. If you're willing to have this baby, I believe Frederick wouldn't mention divorce again."Charlotte gave a bitter smile, her eyes full of determination.

"I don't want to use my child to bind him. The child is innocent and only belongs to me. Grandma, please allow me to be selfish. I'd rather the Percy family not acknowledge the child's identity. Otherwise,it would only separate me from my child."
Anouk looked at Charlotte with deep sympathy.

She knew that everything Charlotte said was true.

"Silly child, do you know how difficult it is to raise a child alone? If this child is born into the Percy family, it will receive the best care and enjoy top resources from birth. Whether it is a boy or a girl, I will raise them as the family heir."

Charlotte's eyes filled with tears.

She shook her head and said, "Thank you for your kindness, but I just want my child to grow up safely and not get involved in our matters."

Charlotte held Anouk's hand and knelt in front of her wheelchair.

She pleaded earnestly, "Can you please not tell Frederick about this? I know it's unfair to him, but I can't live without this child."

"If Frederick finds out about the child, I won't be able to compete with him for custody. After our divorce, he can have a newwife and more children, but I only have this one child."

"Please."

Charlotte's tears fell like a broken kite string.

Anouk fell into deep thought. She felt sorry for Charlotte, but she had been looking forward to this fuature heir for many years.
She was old and unsure when she would see Frederick's child.

If she missed this child, who knew how long she would have to wait.


But as a mother, Anouk also understood Charlotte's feelings.

Anouk thought for a long time.


She looked into Charlotte's eyes and asked, "Charlotte, if Frederick is willing to live well with you in the future,would you stay?"
"Grandma, you know we've reached this point not because of me. It's not something I can control."

Charlotte didn't want to completely sever ties with the Percy family,making the situation even more unmanageable.

But she also reminded Anouk that Frederick was the one responsible for the current situation.

Anouk sighed heavily.

"It's all Frederick's fault. I know you've been wronged. Fine, I promise you,no one else will know about your pregnancy besides the three of us here.Even if you and Frederick get divorced in the future, in my heart,you will always be my family. As long as I'm alive, that will never change."
###Chapter 39

Charlotte felt a wave of emotion and gently laid her head on Anouk's knee.

"Thanks for getting me," she said.

Her feelings were real, not just for show.

Charlotte used to think that even though she grew up in the countryside,her parents and Juniper really loved her. But her last trip home shattered that belief.
Turns out, the so-called family love was hiding some shocking truths.

Lately, Charlotte had been in a funk, not just because of Frederick but also because of her family. Losing that family warmth,she found comfort in Anouk.

Charlotte's phone buzzed.

She wiped her tears and checked her phone,seeing it was Frederick calling.

She glanced up and saw Anouk looking at the phone too, clearly noticing the call.

Feeling a bit awkward, Charlotte answered.

"Come back right now!" Frederick's voice was heavy, like he was struggling with something.

Charlotte frowned, sensing something was off with him.

But hearing his demanding tone, she didn't want to just take it, especially in front of Anouk. "I'm still sick.I'll come back when I'm better."

"Charlotte, don't make me mad. Come back now! I feel really weird, and you need to come back to... help me."

Charlotte gripped the phone tight, hoping Anouk didn't hear his crude words.

She was also shocked. Frederick was usually energetic, but never this impatient.

Anouk didn't want to meddle in their private stuff, but she could hear Frederick yelling.

Her face darkened. She motioned for Charlotte to put the call on speaker,worried Charlotte was being mistreated.

Charlotte refused.

But the more hesitant Charlotte was, the more Anouk believed Frederick was bullying her.


Anouk grabbed the phone and heard Serena's flirty voice on the other end.

"Stop it! You're huring me. Be gentle."

Then the call ended.

Anouk's face turned grim.

She never expected the usually calm Frederick to be so wild!

Charlotte heard Serena's voice too, but she stayed much calmer than Anouk. She took back her phone, her quiet demeanor making Anouk feel even more heartbroken.


Anouk slapped the armrest of her wheelchair and said firmly, "Let's go, we're catching him in the act! You haven't divorced yet. How dare he treat you like this!"


With that, Anouk signaled the caregiver to push her out of the ward.

Charlotte's eyes widened, full of confusion and helplessness.

'Did I hear that right? Anouk wants to catch Frederick in the act?'

Meanwhile,in the living róom of the Percy Villa...

On the sofa, Frederick tossed the phone aside and grabbed Serena's hand.

His eyes were bloodshot, his brows furrowed deeply, and he asked, "Did you do something to me?"

Serena was already limp, her whole body like jelly.

Serena's hot body kept trying to get close to Frederick,but he held her hand tightly, keeping her at bay, which only made her more uncomfortable.

"What could I have done to you? Frederick, ever since we got back from the hospital, I've felt so weird. It's like tiny ants are biting me all over.What should I do? Help me," she pleaded.

At this point, Serena's chest was almost fully exposed in front of Frederick.Though not as curvy as Charlotte's, it was still delicate and enticing.

Serena tried to rub her breast against Frederick's arm.

Seeing her like this, Frederick's suspicion of her eased a bit. If Serena had drugged him,she wouldn't risk her unborn child for such a scheme.

"What did you come into contact with at the hospital?" Frederick asked,feeling his penis painfully swollen, desperate for release but still wanting answers.

Serena twisted her waist, not missing a chance to smear Charlotte. "We were together the whole time. At the hospital, we only went to Charlotte's ward. Could it be that Charlotte did it on purpose? Is she trying to use this aphrodisiac to harm my baby?" shesaid pitifully.

Frederick's mind was in turmoil. If not for his strong willpower, he would have already turned into a wolf and devoured Serena. The incessant desire made his mind sluggish, and for a moment, he actually believed Serena's words. Could Charlotte really have drugged them?

Seeing Frederick in a daze, Serena got bolder. Her hand moved up Frederick's thigh, igniting his desire, boldly rubbing his penis through his pants. Feeling the impressive size just beneath the fabric, Serena's eyes grew even hotter. She couldn't help but move her head closer, eagerly anticipating the passionate sex to come.


Frederick's thoughts were interrupted. He opened his eyes to find Serena using her mouth to unzip his pants. He could already feel his long-suppressed penis eager to spring out.

Frederick immediately blocked Serena. His breathing was heavy. "What are you doing?" Serena knelt between Frederick's legs, her eyes pleading. "Please, I really need you. I'm so uncomfortable." Frederick tried not to look at Serena's exposed chest. Hle tried his best to suppress his desire. "This could hurt your baby. Hold on, I'll get a doctor."

"I don't want a doctor; I just want you. We're about to get married,and you still reject me? Anything Charlotte can do for yo, I can too. Or do you just disdain me and don't want to be with me?" Serena's voice was pitiful,almost tearful.

Any other man would have pounced on her by now. But Frederick still refused to touch her.


Serena was about to grind her teeth to dust. She had heard how intense Frederick and Charlotte's lovemaking was in the bathroom. Frederick wasn't impotent; he was very capable. Serena even used Aphrodisiac Perfume to seduce him,yet Frederick still refused to have sex with her, which felt like a slap in the face.
###Chapter 40

Serena decided to just go for it and grabbed Frederick's belt with both hands.


"Stop!"

Frederick was caught off guard by Serena's bold move.


If it had been any other woman, he would've kicked her out by now,but this was Serena, and he just couldn't do it.

As they were locked in this awkward moment, the front door of the villa swung open.

Charlotte came in, pushing a wheelchair with Anouk in it, and they were both stunned to see Frederick and Serena on the sofa.

The two of them looked disheveled, making all sorts of suggestive sounds and breaths.

Especially Serena, who was kneeling between Frederick's legs, her head right at his crotch.

From Charlotte's angle, it looked like they were getting pretty cozy.

Her eyes were glued to them, and she stopped dead in her tracks, like her legs were cemented to the floor.

At that moment, Charlotte felt her heart break. She knew that after her divorce from Frederick, he and Serena would probably get together, but she didn't think he'd move on so fast.Just a bit ago on the phone, she had sensed something was up between 
them.and on her way over, she tried to convince herself it was just Serena trying to mess with her.

But the reality was even more shocking than she had imagined.

Charlotte didn't want to see any more and turned to leave. but Anouk grabbed her hand.


Anouk shouted angrily, "You two, get over here!"

The two. lost in their moment, finally noticed Charlotte and Anouk standing at the door.


Serena glared angrily, wanting to see who was ruining her plans.

When she saw Charlotte's face, she sneered.

But when she looked down and saw Anouk in the wheelchair, she couldn't help but tremble.

Anouk had always been critical of Serena, and the fear she instilled in her was still there.

Taking advantage of Serena's distraction, Frederick finally got his belt back from her hands.

Frederick quickly zipped up and fastened his belt.

"Didn't you hear what I said? Get over here now." Frederick stood up and walked over to Anouk, slightly hunched.He wasn't trying to look submissive on purpose; his body's reaction hadn't calmed down, and standing straight would be awkward. But even so, his eyes were locked on Charlotte, his gaze almost burning her,making his already heated body even hotter.

Charlotte hid behind Anouk, feeling the intense aggression in Frederick's eyes.


If Anouk weren't there, Frederick might have jumped on her right then and there.


"Kneel!"

Anouk shouted angrily.

She said with disappointment, "Is this how our family raised you? Neither your grandfather nor your father ever made such a mess of things,but you.Where is your upbringing?"

Frederick lowered his head in silence.

He couldn't tell Anouk that he'd been drugged tonight.

Especially since he had no clue who did it.

Even though Serena was scared of Anouk, she saw this as her chance to cozy up to Frederick.

She leaned weakly on Frederick and said, "Grandma,Frederick is the head of the Percy Family. Making him kneel like this will make him lose his dignity. What will people think if this gets out?" Anouk wasn't having it. Her eyes were sharp and shrewd. "I'm not your grandma. I've never seen a young girl like you-so shameless and low." "Mrs. Anouk Percy, even if you don't like me, you can't insult me like that,"Serena said,starting to cry.

Frederick frowned,feeling a headache coming on.

He stepped forward, blocking Anouk's view of Serena, and said, "Just scold me. Serena is pregnant and can't handle the stress."


"So this is how you treated Charlotte all the time. No wonder she wanted to divorce you. Frederick, you really lack the responsibility of a Percy Family heir," Anouk said, heartbroken.

Frederick cared for Serena because she was pregnant, but he didn't know that Charlotte was also pregnant.

How could Charlotte not be heartbroken being treated like this?

Charlotte just watched them coldly, trying to keep her expression unchanged.

Seeing Frederick defending her in front of Anouk, Serena felt pleased and emboldened.

"I know I'm not good with words and can't please you, but you really misunderstand me. Like tonight, it wasn't my intention," Serena said,glancing at Charlotte.

"Ever since we left Charlotte's ward, Frederick and I have felt strange,our bodies heating up uncontrollably. I barely have the strength to speak now." Charlotte never imagined that Serena could be so shameless. Charlotte's face was cold, her gaze sharp as she looked at Serena. "What do you mean? Are you suggesting I drugged you and Frederick?" Even if she was getting a divorce, she wouldn't let someone else cuckold her.


Serena said matter-of-factly, "But who else could it be? I'm newly pregnant and in a dangerous period. If we were drugged and had intense sex,wouldn't I lose the baby? If I hadn't resisted, my baby and I might not have survived."


She knew Frederick wouldn't expose her now, even though she was lying.

Sure enough, Frederick just frowned buat didn't refute.

After all, it concerned Serena's reputation, and with Anouk and Charlotte catching them, there was no point in delving into details.

But he felt something strange in his heart.

He had always thought Serena was pure and straightforward, but he didn't expect her to lie so calmly.

"I won't admit to something I didn't do. As for you, I don't know,"Charlotte said, not falling into her trap.

For accusations, the burden of proof lay with the accuser. If she fell into the trap of proving her innocence, it would be like admitting guilt, and she could never clear her name.
###Chapter 41

Charlotte couldn't shake the feeling that something was off.

Serena and Frederick were acting really weird. Even if they had been getting it on, her and Anouk barging in should've killed the mood. But here they were, still all flushed and breathing heavy,especially Serena,who looked downright seductive.


Then,Charlotte caught a whiff of something in the air. She'd been too distracted by the scene to notice it before, but now that things had calmed down, she picked up on a faint, sweet smell. It was familiar, but she couldn't quite place it.

Serena noticed Charlotte sniffing around and got defensive. "What are you smelling? Did you do something to us?"

Anouk was curious too. "Charlotte, did you find something?"

Charlotte shook her head, unsure. "I smell something familiar, but I can't remember what it is."

Serena's body tensed, and a flicker of panic crossed her face. 'How does Charlotte know this scent? I got it from someone else.

Charlotte didn't miss Serena's reaction. She walked around Frederick and Serena, trying to pinpoint the source. The scent was faint on Frederick,meaning he just picked it up from somewhere. But when she got close to Serena,the smell got stronger. Charlotte moved in closer, but Serena, looking guilty, jumped back. "What are you doing? Are you some kind of pervert?” Charlotte had figured it out. Her eyes were steady. "You smell like an aphrodisiac. Where did you get it?"

Charlotte trusted her nose. This scent was definitely an aphrodisiac because she had made it herself. Back in her student days, her teacher had let them experiment freely. She loved the smell of magnolia and used it as a base, accidentally creating a perfume that could spark desire with just a sniff. Her teacher and classmates had joked that if she didn't become a perfumer, she could be a witch.


Serena hadn't expected Charlotte to recognize the scent. She couldn't admit any involvement. "Are you serious? What do you mean, where did I get it?You just said you know this scent. Stop pretending, you're framing me.
Frederick won't believe you."

Frederick was staring at Charlotte. "Do you know what this scent is?"

Charlotte glanced at him but didn't answer. Instead, she turned to Anouk."
Grandma, they're under the influence of an aphrodisiac perfume. What they did wasn't their fault, but we can trace where it came from."

Realizing what the scent was had shaken Charlotte. Only a few people knew her perfume formula, and they were long gone.

Anouk was shocked. She thought Serena had been lying,but it turned out she really had been drugged.

Anouk noticed Charlotte seemed to know a lot about this stuff and asked,"Is there any way to counteract it besides, you know, making love?"

Charlotte quickly looked over Frederick and Serena. There were a few ways to counteract the aphrodisiac she had made, other than getting it on.She almost wanted to tell them to soak in ice water all night,but seeing Serena's belly, she thought of her own kid and couldn't be that cruel. With a silent sigh, Charlotte walked over to the display wall and picked out a few bottles of balms and candles she had made over the years. She mixed them together and lit them up. A fresh scent filled the room.Frederick couldn't pinpoint the exact smell, but he felt his body and mind start to relax. Even his previously aroused state began to subside.


Serena,not noticing much change, sneered, "You think lighting a random scented candle will counteract the aphrodisiac? I'm not stupid."

Charlotte shot her an impatient look. "If you don't trust me, you can stop breathing."

Serena was left speechless, but soon felt the heat in her body start to fade.She was surprised but also annoyed. She had gone through a lot of trouble and used an expensive aphrodisiac, only for Charlotte to neutralize it so easily. It was frustrating.

Frederick couldn't take his eyes off Charlotte. He could tell the scented candle she had mixed was working. Over the years, he had seen her spend a lot of money on rare fragrances and thought it was just a high-society hobby. He hadn't realized how skilled she was. Remembering the investigation that said Charlotte co-founded a company and was the developer, it seemed true. He had never really known her or how exceptional she was.

Charlotte felt Frederick's gaze and it made her uncomfortable. She walked over to Anouk, her voice a bit pleading, "Grandma, let's go." Anouk spread her hands. "Go where? This is your home. Are you going to let others take over your place?" Charlotte gave a small smile. She knew Anouk was standing up for her,but she didn't want to keep dealing with Frederick. Before she could say anything. Anouk said, "It's late. Prepare a guest room for me. I'll stay here tonight."


Anouk directed this at Serena. Serena looked around in disbelief and pointed at herself. "You want me to prepare a room? I'm pregnant!"

Anouk looked at her with disdain. "It's just preparing a room, it won't tire you out. What? Are you looking down on me? You need to know your place. You're not Frederick's wife or anyone of significant status. If you want to stay here, you must follow my orders."
###Chapter 42

"Frederick."

Serena was trying to act all cute with Frederick, hoping to dodge cleaning the room for Anouk.


But Anouk cut straight to the chase, "Frederick, come push me to the study. I need to talk to you."

Frederick agreed and wheeled Anouk away without hesitation.


That left just Charlotte, who was enjoying the drama, and Serena,who was fuming with resentment.

"You old hag, once I become Frederick's wife, you'll pay for this."

Charlotte's sharp ears caught Serena's muttered threat, and she frowned.


She tossed a rag at Serena with a mocking tone, "If you've got time to curse, you've got time to clean. Or do you want Grandma to kick you out?"

Serena was livid.

She shot a glare at Charlotte. "Just you wait! Don't get too comfortable!"


Serena stomped her foot in frustration and grudgingly started cleaning the room.


Meanwhile, Charlotte was lost in thought. The fact that this Aphrodisiac Perfume showed up with Serena... could it mean there were survivors from that accident years ago?The next morning. Charlotte emerged from her room with dark circles under her eyes.

She'd barely slept, spending the night digging into the lab fire incident.

But no matter how much she searched online, she couldn't find any leads.

"Charlotte, you're up. Come try this fried egg. I've been teaching her all morning, and it's finally looking decent."

Hearing Anouk, Charlotte walked into the dining room.

She saw Anouk smiling gently and Serena at the stove, looking frustrated while frying eggs.

The trash can was overflowing with burnt and broken eggs.

Seeing Charlotte sit down, Serena immediately complained, "This fried egg is for Grandma. Why should you eat it?"

Charlotte hadn't planned on eating, but seeing Serena upset made her day.

So she deliberately picked up the fried egg with a fork. "Grandma told me to eat it, so of course,I can."

Charlotte was about to take a bite, but the greasy smnell hit her nose hard.

Her stomach churned, and she covered her nose, retching, which only made Serena angrier: Serena put down the spatula and snapped, "What do you mean by that? I spent all morning frying this egg! I'm pregnant and haven't even thrown up,but you're acting all delicate?" Charlotte took a sip of lemon juice to calm her nausea. She was also cuious about Serena.

Most women experiencemorning sickness, especially if they're weak.

As a long-term vegetative patient, Serena should be very weak,yet she fried so many eggs without any issue.

"Yeah,why aren't you throwing up?" Charlotte asked softly.

Frederick walked into the dining room,and Serena immediately switched her expression.

"Frederick,maybe it's best to send me abroad. Staying here only subjects me to disdain."


Frederick frowned deeply,almost crushing a mosquito with his expression.

He really didn't want to deal with this drama, especially not first thing in the morning.


He looked at Serena and tried to speak gently, "You must be tired. Go upstairs and rest. You don't need to come down. I'll handle things here."

Although Serena was unhappy that Frederick didn't stand up for her,getting away from Anouk was a win in her book.

"Alright, I'll go rest then."

Serena quickly took off her apron and hurried off, afraid Anouk might call her back. Anouk snorted coldly. "Trying to play tricks in front of me, she's still too naive." Frederick sighed.

He still spoke to Anouk, "Grandma, Serena did save my life, and her memory and personality are stuck five years ago. It's understandable that she throws tantrums sometimes."

Anouk wasn't having it.

"Five years ago, she was already an adult. Was she a child five years ago?"


Charlotte sat back down next to Anouk, listening to their conversation with great interest.

She had never seen Frederick so helpless before.

Frederick really had no way to deal with Anouk.

He sat down, ready to eat breakfast, but his plate was suddenly taken away.

Frederick looked at Anouk in confusion.

Anouk said, "This is for my guest. If you want to eat, make it yourself."

Frederick frowned and asked calmly, "I haven't invited any guests."

Charlotte was also puzzled.

Anouk then said, "Of course, it's my guest. What does it have to do with you?"

Then she looked at Charlotte, her gaze becoming gentle. Anouk saíd, "I invited Jasper to check on my leg. I mentioned you to him,and that's why he agreed to come. I've heard his medical skills are exceptional; many people can't even get an appointment with him." Frederick immediately understood that Anouk was referring to him.

Remembering the unpleasantness between him and Jasper, Frederick's face darkened.
"Grandma,why did you invite him?"

For some reason,Frederick felt uneasy.


Anouk gave him a sidelong glance.

Then she said nonchalantly, "I met Jasper yesterday. He's tall, good-looking, has a decent job, and seems reliable. I thought he and Charlotte should spend more time together. It would be best if they could confirm their relationship before you two get divorced."

Anouk spoke very seriously, giving no impression that she was joking,which left both of them stunned.

Charlotte spat out the lemon water in her mouth, unable to believe what she heard.

What did Anouk mean?

Was she openly supporting Charlotte in having an affair?

Frederick's face had already darkened.

His voice was low and filled with displeasure, "Are you seeking Charlotte a future husband?"


"So what? Charlotte is beautiful and has a good personality. She shouldn't be just stuck with you. I was reluctant to let her go before, but now I agree with your divorce." Upon hearing that Anouk agreed to their divorce, Charlotte felt a sense of relief,yet deep down, there remained a tinge of bitterness.
She turned to look at Frederick, only to find his expression even darker than before.
Charlotte found him strange.

'Frederick had always wanted to divorce me. Shouldn't he be very happy to hear Anouk finally agree?
###Chapter 43

"I don't agree."

Frederick's voice was icy and firm.

"Why not? Frederick, you've decided to divorce Charlotte, and I respect that. But don't push it too far. Charlotte will find someone better suited for her.You can't hold her back."

Anouk's face grew more serious.

If she'd known years ago that Frederick would pull something like this,she would've told her husband to rethink making Frederick the heir.
"I can still support Charlotte. I can't accept her leaving me."

"Frederick, do you even hear how heartless you sound?"

"Grandma,you're my Grandma."

Frederick felt a fire burning inside him.

He couldn't understand why Anouk wanted to pair up Jasper and Charlotte.


After calming down a bit, Frederick tried to negotiate, "Don't you want Charlotte to stay close to you?"

Anouk's stance became even more firm.

"It's just a divorce between you and Charlotte. After the divorce,I'll personally host a party and recognizeCharlotte as my granddaughter."

"What?" Frederick was about to lose it.

He didn't expect that when he was on the fence, the first person to push him to decide would be Anouk.

"Please stop this. I know you care about Charlotte, but there has to be a limit."

He didn't care if people outside laughed at him.

But deep down, Frederick knew that if Anouk truly introduced Charlotte as her granddaughter to everyone, they'd be seen as siblings. Any chance between them would be gone forever.

Charlotte, who had been quietly listening, now had a more intense look in her eyes.

She spoke calmly, "Are you worried I'll stay at Percy Villa all the time because of Grandma? Don't worry, I have no interest in getting between you and Serena."

"That's not what I meant."

Frederick's voice was cold.

Just thinking about Charlotte being unrelated to him made him furious.

"Alright,go handle the company's business and stop bothering us here."Anouk ordered him to leave.


But how could Frederick just leave like that?

Jasper was about to arrive, and after the last two meetings, Frederick could clearly sense Jasper's feelings for Charlotte. Meanwhile, Ryan brought Jasper into the villa.

Jasper's eyes first landed on Charlotte's face before moving to Anouk.

He greeted politely, "Hello, Mrs. Anouk Percy. I introduced myself yesterday, so no need for formalities. I'll check your health now."
Since Jasper was her friend, Charlotte immediately stood up. "Have you eaten? We made breakfast especially for you."
Jasper smiled. "I've already eaten. If you haven't, please go ahead. I need a private room to start my work."

"Alright,let's go to my room."

Charlotte pushed Anouk's wheelchair and led him to her room.

Then she went to the kitchen to get some breakfast for Anouk.

But as soon as she reached the dining room, a large hand grabbed her waist.

In a dizzying moment, Charlotte felt her back slam against the wall.making her gasp in pain.

"Frederick, what are you..."

Before she could finish, his hand covered her mouth.

Frederick kissed her forcefully, like a madman, as fierce as a wild animal. Charlotte pounded his shoulders with all her strength. The dining room was semi-open, so even though they were against the wall, they could be seen from outside. 
Frederick was like an immovable wall.

He greedily took from her, as if he wanted to devour her.

Charlotte couldn't breathe, and then she tasted blood in her mouth.

She cursed Frederick in her heart.

'That damned Frederick, not only does he forcefully kiss me, but he also bit me.
Charlotte suddenly remembered Frederick's injured hand and grabbed it in desperation.
Frederick winced in pain and finally let go of Charlotte.

Charlotte gasped for breath.

She looked at Frederick with hatred. "Are you crazy?"

Frederick looked down at her tender lips, now marked by his rough treatment.

His previously gloomy mood suddenly lifted and he laughed softly.

Charlotte looked at the inexplicable Frederick and thought he was even crazier than before.


One moment he was furious, the next he was laughing. It was incomprehensible.


Frederick raised his hand, which was re-bandaged, but now bleeding again.

He smiled wickedly, "You were so ruthless. Are you trying to  make my wound worse?" Charlotte glared at him.

"If there's a next time, I won't just squeeze your hand."

Frederick, instead of being angry at her threat, became more interested.

He grabbed Charlotte's hand with his left hand and placed it on his crotch,whispering in her ear,"Is it here? Go ahead and squeeze."
Charlotte was stunned, then quickly pulled her hand away as if burned.

"Are you some kind of animal? Always in heat."

Frederick's eyes were fixed on her face, like a leopard watching its prey.

He wiped her lips with his thumb, looking at the blood,and wanted to kiss her again.

Charlotte turned her head away to dodge him. "What do you want?"

She was really fed up with his harassment.

Frederick smied wickedly, "I want to make love with you."

"You're crazy!"

Charlotte puashed him away and quickly left the dining room, returning to the bedroom.


Jasper, who was giving Anouk therapy, looked up and noticed Charlotte's swollen lips, his eyes darkening. He looked at the door and met Frederick's gaze.Frederick raised an eyebrow and smiled arrogantly. He wanted to show Jasper that Charlotte had been kissed by him, to assert his dominance.
Jasper's expression didn't change, and he calmly looked away.

He said to Charlotte, "Close the door. We can't have any drafts during therapy."
Charlotte obediently closed the door.

She was puzzled, wondering how there could be wind in the dining and living room.
###Chapter 44
Frederick was locked out and fuming. He was itching to bust down the door and storm in.
But then he remembered, Anouk was still inside, and Jasper wouldn't dare mess with Charlotte.
Still,he couldn't head to the office today.

Anouk was trying to set up Jasper and Charlotte, and he had to stick around to keep an eye on things.
Serena, who had been eavesdropping upstairs, noticed Frederick was the only one working in the living room. She figured this was her chance.

Serena tiptoed downstairs.

When she was just a few steps from the bottom, she gave a little cough to get Frederick's attention.

Then she purposely missed a step, let out a yelp, and tumbled down the stairs.

Serena was sure she had Frederick's attention and that he'd rush over to catch her.


What she didn't know was that even though Frederick seemed focused on his work, his mind was on Charlotte's room. Frederick didn't even notice Serena coming down.It wasn't until she hit the floor with a thud that Frederick snapped out of it. Frederick frowned, walked over, and lifted Serena onto the sofa with one hand.


His tone was calm but had a hint of annoyance, "How could you be so careless?"


Serena felt like crying.


She wanted to complain about why he didn't catch her, but she changed her mind.


Her eyes welled up, and she looked pitiful. "I'm sorry, I made you worry.It was my fault for being clumsy."

As she spoke, Serena lifted her nightgown, showing her thigh to Frederick.

"Did I break my leg? My ankle and knee hurt so much. Can you rub them for me?"


Serena knew that with Charlotte and Anouk around, Frederick wouldn't do anything with her during the day.

But she still tried to create some alone time with him.

Frederick's eyes lit up as he looked at her leg.

Serena thought he was finally interested.

Just as she was about to place her leg on Frederick's knee,he picked her up. Serena was startled at first.

She wrapped her arms around Frederick's neck and shyly said, "Frederick,it's daytime. Isn't it a bit too eager? I'm not ready yet."

Thinking about what might happen next, Serena regretted not taking a shower before coming downstairs.

But if they showered together, that would be a good option too.

While Serena was lost in her thoughts, Frederick kicked open the door to Charlotte's room.
Frederick rushed in and placed Serena in Jasper's arms.

With a hint of excitement in his eyes, Frederick smiled and said,"She got hurt. Can you take a look at her?"
Frederick's sudden entrance shocked everyone, especially Jasper.


He had just finished treating Anouk and was chatting with Charlotte when Frederick burst in and placed Serena in his arms.
"Did you get hurt? Where did you1 fall from? Besides your leg, do you feel pain anywhere else?"

Jasper had just asked out of routine, but Serena immediately jumped out of his arms.

She wasn't trying to avoid Jasper in front of Frederick, but she couldn't risk him finding out she wasn't actually pregnant. She knew Jasper's medical skills too well.

She had initially wanted Frederick to get Jasper to be her primary doctor to help her fake the pregnancy. But things didn't go as planned. Not only did Frederick not bring Jasper,but she also fou nd out he was friends with Charlotte. And the friend of an enemy is an enemy. Even though she didn't want to be enemies with Jasper, she had to be careful right now.

Charlotte watched Serena's quick movements and realized she was probably up to her usual tricks.

But she couldn't figure out why Serena was avoiding Jasper's examination.

Was Serena hiding something like she was?

"Are you okay now?" Frederick asked, his voice deep and his expression showing some displeasure.

He had never doubted Sérena before, but now it seemed she wasn't as innocent as he thought.

"I'm fine now," Serena forced a smile and said through clenched teeth. "It just hurt a bit when I fell, but my leg is fine."

Jasper didn't hold back and said coldly, "Since you're fine,please leave.I need to continue my treatment."


"Isn't it already done?" Frederick frowned. Anouk was already comfortably asleep.

"I have another patient," Jasper pointed to Charlotte.

Frederick's eyes immediately flashed with coldness, and he said, "No, I don't allow it." "If you don't allow it, I'll tell Anouk you bullied Charlotte. You know the consequences," Jasper's dark side started to show. Frederick looked at Jasper, feeling a sense of crisis for the first time,and said calmly, "Do you really think I'm afraid? I'm just trying to keep my grandmother happy for her health."

Frederick was telling the truth.

He respected and loved Anouk, but that wouldn't become leverage for someone like Jasper.
"Mr. Percy is truly filial."


"Ryan, see the guest out."

Frederick didn't care about the sarcasm in Jasper's words. He just knew he didn't want to see Jasper again.

Jasper packed his things and prepared to leave.

As his friend, Charlotte naturally wanted to see him off, but Frederick grabbed her hand.

"Where are you going?"

"I'm seeing off my friend. Why? Is that not allowed?"

"Ryan will see him off. You go get some rest."

"Mind your own business!"

Charlotte shook his hand off and quickly followed Jasper, "Jasper, let me see you out."


Frederick angrily watched their backs. "Ungrateful woman."Outside the door. Charlotte dismissed Ryan and personally saw Jasper out. There were some things she hadn't had the chance to ask earlier.

"Charlotte, do you have something to say to me?" Jasper could tell she had been hesitant to speak, so he took the initiative to start the conversation.
Charlotte nervously rubbed her hands.

She asked, "In that éxplosion years ago, did everyone in the lab die? Is there really no one left?"

Jasper frowned.

Instead of answering her question, he asked, "Why are you asking this?Did you discover something?"
###Chapter 45

Charlotte thought Jasper's reaction was a bit off.

"So,you think that explosion wasn't an accident too,huh?"

Jasper stopped in his tracks and turned to face her.

"Everyone who was there is dead. Even if there were doubts,there's no way to prove it now. Charlotte, you need to move on. Why are you bringing this up now?"


He figured Charlotte wouldn't mention it without a reason.

Charlotte wanted to tell him about last night's incident with Frederick and Serena and the aphrodisiac perfume.

But just as she was about to speak, she hesitated.

Under Jasper's expectant gaze, she shook her head.

"I just had a dream about them last night and missed them. Thought you might have some news about what happened back then."

That incident had destroyed their lab.

She came back to the city and married Frederick, while Jasper went abroad for further studies.


Jasper's eyes flickered. He gently patted her shoulder."Don't be too disheartened. I dream of them sometimes too,but we have to look forward." Charlotte nodded. She had let go of it a long time ago, along withher dreams.

It had been so long she thought she had forgotten.

But when she smelled that familiar scent, she realized her buried emotions and passions had never really gone away.
"I know. I've already let it go."

She tried not to show her true feelings.

As for what happened back then, even if she wanted to investigate,she didn't need to involve Jasper.
She watched him leave,still standing at the door, lost in thought.

Her divorce from Frederick was almost certain, so what was next?

While she was thinking, she felt the sunlight above her head being blocked.

She looked up to see Frederick's gloomy face.

She thought he was being unreasonable. She hadn't provoked him, yet he always looked sour.


Frederick's voice was cold. "Jasper's gone, and you're still standing here. If you like him so much, why don't you just leave with him?"

"You're being unreasonable."

Charlotte frowned. "When did I ever say I liked him?"A slight smile appeared on Frederick's face. Hearing she didn't like Jasper pleased him. "Good to know you recognize your place." His reaction confused her even more.

But seeing he was in a good mood, she thought for a moment and asked,"Can you help me investigate something? If you find out, I'll give you a high reward."
"You want to pay me?"

Frederick raised an eyebrow. "You mean you're going to use my money to hire me,huh?"
'Charlotte really has a good plan.

Frederick's smile was unréstrained. "I'llhelp you, but I don't want money.I just want you to promise me one thing."
Her eyes were full of caution. "What promise?"

She felt he was setting a trap for her.

If possible, she'd rather use money to settle things with him. Otherwise,she always felt manipulated by him.

If it weren't so tough to dig into what happened five years ago with her own resources, she wouldn't have come to Frederick.

"I haven't figured it out yet. When I do, I'll let you know. Just tell me if you're game."

Frederick twirled a strand of her hair around his finger, playing with it.

He gently moved his finger, causing her hair to wrap around it, creating an odd sense of closeness.


Charlotte slapped his hand away,feeling conflicted. Even though she knew what Frederick was probably thinking, she had no choice but to agree.
After all, she had been haunted by what happened back then, and now that she finally had a lead, she didn't want to give up.

Thinking of this, Charlotte gathered her courage and looked at Frederick."
Okay, I agree, but you must give me an answer to what I want to know."

"Go ahead, what do you want to know?"

"I want to know how Serena got the Aphrodisiac Perfume."

Charlotte didn't ask Frederick to directly investigate the lab incident.

Back then, they had all signed confidentiality agreements. Although most of the people were no longer around, Charlotte didn't want Frederick to know about her past.

After all, in everyone's eyes, she was just a bumpkin raised in the countryside by her parents.

"There is no evidence to prove that this has anything to do with Serena,so don't be too aggressive."

Frederick frowned.

He had thought that Charlotte really wanted his help for something serious,but it turned out she was just being jealous.

"Stop deceiving yourself. You know very well whether what happened last night was her doing. I just want to know the origin of the Aphrodisiac Perfume. It has nothing to do with you or Serena."

Charlotte was speaking from her heart. But when Frederick heard it. it sounded different.

Although Charlotte seemed indifferent, deep down,she still cared about him. Otherwise, why would she go to such lengths to direct his attention to Serena?
"Alright, I'll have someone investigate. I'm sure there will be results soon."


"That's good,thank you."

Charlotte sincerely thanked him.

Thinking that she was about to uncover the mystery of what happened back then, she felt a bit excited.

Frederick looked at her serene smile, his throat tightening.

Charlotte was still so beautiful, her delicate skin glowing healthily in the sunlight, her exquisite features, and her lips, all exactly to his liking.

Even after being married for so many years, he had never grown tired of anything about Charlotte.


Both of them were in a good mood as they walked back to the villa together, only to find chaos inside.


The second floor was bustling.

Anouk had woken up at some point and was now sitting in a wheelchair,directing the servants to throw out Serena's things. "Stop! Those are my things! You old hag, what right do you have to throw my stuff away!" Serena's voice was raised, her aggressive demeanor completely different from her usual sweet and charming self.

"So you're finally showing your true colors? Frederick should really see you like this. I've known you weren't a good person for a long time."Anouk was not backing down either.
So what if she was old? Back when she was fighting in the business world with her husband, Serena hadn't even been born yet.
###Chapter 46

"Frederick said I could stay here. Who do you think you are to kick me out?"
"Because I'm from the Percy Family, and this house is ours. This room belongs to Frederick and Charlotte. Who do you think you are, taking over their space?"
"They're about to get divorced. Soon, I'll be the one in charge.."

Serena was about to keep arguing with Anouk when she sensed something was off.
She turned around and saw Frederick and Charlotte downstairs, and anger surged through her.
'Anouk set me up!

Anouk had her back to the door, but she was facing it, so she saw Frederick and set me up on purpose!
'What a snake.'

Serena quickly picked up her bag. "Fine, IIl leave! You're just bullying me to get me out, right? Well, I'll go! No one cares about me and my baby anyway."
 
Anouk raised an eyebrow. She hadn't expected Serena to turn the tables like that. She had underestimated Serena before. Frederick stopped Serena and whispered, "Don't be rash. Let me talk to Grandma."

"Talk about what? She's biased, and nothing you say will change that! I know I'm just an outsider here. You all are a family. Fine, I'll take the baby and leave. I'll go somewhere you'll never find me and live out my days alone!"
Serena's words were tough, but she didn't move an inch.

As her emotions peaked, Serena even started to cry. "I've already given five years of my life for you. What's the harm in giving the rest of my life for the baby? Just pretend I never woke up, or better yet,pretend I'm dead!


Serena tried to leave but ran straight into Frederick's arms.

Frederick sighed.

He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing up and down.

"Calm down. I never said I wanted to drive you away. Why are you doing this?"

"Frederick! Look at all my stuff scattered everywhere. How can I stay here with any dignity?"

Serena pointed at the mess and then looked at Charlotte. "Today, it's either her or me!"


"Why should I care?" Charlotte rolled her eyes, thinking she didn't even want to argue and had voluntarily moved to the downstairs guest room. How could Serena blame her? Frederick glanced at Anouk and saw that her attitude was also firm.

"Help me persuade Grandma," Frederick turned his head and whispered to Charlotte.
Charlotte lowered her voice as well, "What? Is this the favor you wanted from me? If it is, I can help you. If not, then I can't do anything."
Frederick didn't expect Charlotte to take advantage of the situation.

He frowned at her but couldn't lose his temper with Anouk right there.

He stopped asking her for help and instead grabbed Serena's wrist,whispering something in her ear.
Charlotte was curious but couldn't hear clearly what he was saying.

By the time she got closer, Frederick had already calmed Serena down.Not only was Serena no longer angry, but she was also smiling again.
Serena directed the servants. "You all, move my things downstairs."

After saying that, Serena gave Charlotte a triumphant look, full of provocation.

Then Serena pretended to support her waist and walked downstairs with her non-existent pregnant belly.

Charlotte wanted to ask Frederick what he had said, but she held back.
Anouk frowned, thinking Frederick was useless. Frederick couldn't keep Charlotte, and now Anouk, as his Grandma, had to worry about their relationship. "Tonight, you two stay in this bedroom. After all, you're not divorced yet,and living separately would be bad for your reputation. Don't think you can fool me; I'll come to check tonight."




She had previously mentioned introducing a boyfriend to Charlotte,which wasn't entirely a lie, but more to provoke Frederick.
In Anouk's view, the young couple shouldn't reach the point of having to separate.
If they could rekindle their feelings in the last stretch of time, it would be a happy ending.
After all, she genuinely didn't want Charlotte and her unborn child to suffer.
Charlotte turned to glare at Frederick. "Did you say something to Grandma?"

Otherwise,it was hard to explain why Anouk, who had always favored her,suddenly changed her mind.

Frederick was also confused.

He didn't understand why Anouk was doing this, but the thought of holding Charlotte at night made him smile.

That night.

Frederick ended his video conference early and walked out of the study.As he returned to the bedroom, he felt a bit nervous. At the bedroom door, he looked around to make sure no one was there,cleared his throat, and pushed the door open, only to find it was empty.
Frederick's expression instantly darkened.

'Did Charlotte leave to avoid staying with me?

Feeling a bit frustrated, Frederick decided to go downstairs for a drink,and he saw Charlotte at the bar.
The bar area was dimly lit.

She sat on a bar stool, her back to him, seemingly lost in thought.


Her slightly turned head revealed her beautiful neck curve,and her profile was tight and exquisite, like a piece of fine art.

At that moment.

Charlotte rested her chin on one hand, holding a spoon in the other,slowly stirring the ice in her glass.

Frederick's eyes fixated on her pink fingertips, imagining how that hand would ignite a fire on his own body, and his throat immediately tightened.

He quietly approached Charlotte without making any sound, like a stealthy leopard,ready to pounce on its prey from behind.

Charlotte indeed was deep in thought and didn't notice Frederick behind her.


Suddenly, Charlotte felt herself being embraced. The sudden action startled her, and she instinctively wanted to scream.

But Frederick behind her seemed to anticipate her reaction. He covered her mouth, allowing only muffled sounds to escape.

Charlotte struggled desperately until she smelled Frederick's familiar scent and realized she was at home.




Frederick had lifted her skirt and pulled down her underwear.

Charlotte wanted to escape, but the more she resisted, the more excited Frederick became.
Frederick didn't take off his pants, just loosened his belt and unzipped,letting his erect penis spring free.
###Chapter 47

Without any preamble, Frederick just went for it, thrusting himself into Charlotte with a fierce intensity.


Even though Charlotte's body was tense from the pain, Frederick was feeling a kind of pleasure he'd never felt before.


Charlotte, unable to speak, tried to push him away, but Frederick grabbed her hands and pinned them behind her back like a cop arresting a suspect.
He pulled out slowly, then slammed back in, making the water glasses on the table shake.
At first, Charlotte was so dry that every thrust was a struggle,turning the whole thing into a bit of a nightmare for him too.
But as he kept going, her body started to produce some lubrication,almost like it wwas inviting him in.

Frederick leaned down, his breath hot against her ear. "You're fighting me hard,but your body seems to want me, doesn't it?"

With each word, he thrustharder.

His words made Charlotte feel ashamed.

But what made her feel even worse was that her body, just like he said,was actually responding to this rough treatment.

They were pressed tightly together, each of his thrusts becoming more 
unbearable for her.

Pleasure came in waves, but every time Charlotte wanted to give in, her mind reminded her they weren't in a bedroom, and there was always a chance of getting caught.
Charlotte's eyes were misty, but then she heard the door open.

She tensed up immediately, her body clenching so hard it almost made Frederick lose it.
Frederick heard the door and footsteps too, but he wasn't about to stop.He grabbed Charlotte's waist and moved them behind the bar.
Charlotte's body collapsed weakly onto the table under the bar, and the height of the bar conveniently hid their entangled bodies.

From the outside, only Frederick's upper body was visible.

"Frederick? Is that you?"

Serena had come in, looking for a servant to bring her a facial mask, but she saw Frederick standing by the liquor cabinet.

"What's up?"

Frederick's voice was rough, but he didn't let anything show on his face.

He kept talking to Serena while continuing to thrust, but now he was moving really slowly. This gentle pace was new to him, and he found he kind of liked it.

"What are you doing there? Want me to join you for a drink?" Serena smiled, trying to get closer to him.She didn't want to miss any chance to be alone with Frederick.

"No need."

Frederick turned her down flat, the excitement almost making him lose control. "You're pregnant, you can't drink."





"No, there's a glass of water here, did you get it for me?"

Serena had come right up to the bar, but she wasn't tall enough to see what was happening behind it.
Charlotte was freaking out.

Even if she was tough, she couldn't handle Serena watching them.

All she could do now was pray that Serena would leave on her own, or it would be way too embarrassing.

Frederick could tell Charlotte was distracted beneath him.

With a mischievous grin, he took his hand off her mouth to see what she'd do.

Charlotte was on the brink of losing it; Frederick was a total maniac.

He was shameless, but she still craved him.

Serena seemed to sense something was up. "Why aren't you talking?"

As she spoke, Serena tried to peek inside. But Frederick grabbed the glass on the bar and downed all the ice water.

"Go to bed now, don't forget what I said," Frederick's voice was impatient."Okay,I'll be good."

Though Serena hesitated, she obediently went back to her room.

Charlotte heard the door close and finally relaxed.

She turned her head and snapped, "Are you nuts? Shameless! Pervert!.."

But Frederick silenced her with a kiss.

HHe took the ice cubes from the glass into his mouth, then brought them to Charlotte's lips. She clenched her teeth, refusing to let him in, but Frederick suddenly sped up,thrusting hard.
Unable to handle the sensation, Charlotte opened her mouth, and the ice cube moved between their lips and tongues.
The heat below and the cold between their lips created a wild contrast.

After Serena's interruption, Frederick's movements became even more intense. A few strongthrusts later, they climaxed together.

Charlotte was uncomfortable, but too exhausted to scold him.

Frederick slowly pulled out, adjusted her skirt, which was now crumpled and ravaged.

Seeing Charlotte had no strength left, he scooped her up in his arms.

Too tired to resist, she let him carry her.

As they headed upstairs, no one noticed the door behind them crack open. Serena watched them with a resentful look, almost biting her lip.

She wasn't naive, and even though Frederick hid it well, she knew something was off.


Serena was filled with jealousy and couldn't calm down.


The next day.

When Charlotte woke up, she felt sore all over and completely drained.


She opened her eyes, saw.Frederick's face, glared at him, and tried to get up.
But as soon as she lifted the covers, Frederick pulled her back into his arms.
He pressed her down with the covers. "Where do you think you're going?"


His voice was groggy, clearly just waking up. To Charlotte,this was the most dangerous time.

Having shared a bed with him for five years, she knew his desire was strongest in the morning.

Frederick shifted, kicked away the covers, and pressed his hot body against her back.

His erection pressed against her, making Charlotte tense up.

"Don't start, I'm not feeling well."

"Not feeling well? You seemed pretty fine last night." "Shameless!"

"Say one more word, and I'll go in right now."

Charlotte was losing it. She wanted to curse him out, but the threat behind her made her swallow her words.
###Chapter 48

Frederick couldn't help but smirk at Charlotte's flushed face, feeling the urge to tease her growing stronger by the second.




"Frederick, you up? Grandma wants you downstairs for breakfast."

Serena's voice was sweet and casual, like nothing was out of the ordinary.

Frederick froze.

Serena's interruption was like a cold shower,snapping him out of his desire.
Charlotte let out a sigh of relief.

Last night's wild escapade had already left her feeling awkward and sore.If Frederickwanted more, she wasn't sure she could handle it.
Seeing Frederick still staring at her, she snapped. "What are you looking at?Serena's calling you. Aren't you going?"

Charlotte pulled the covers over herself, hoping to catch a bit more sleep,but a sudden wave of nausea hit her.

She didn't even have time to get out of bed, curling up into a ball. Luckily,it was just dry heaving and nothing messy.

Frederick rubbed her back, helping her catch her breath. Once she seemed a bit better, he poured her a glass of water.

"Here,drink this." 
He held the glass to her lips, and she drank it down without hesitation.

Feeling a bit lightheaded from the vomiting, Charlotte leaned weakly against the headboard,breathing softly.






Charlotte's first instinct was to think Anouk had spilled the beans about her pregnancy.
But she quickly dismissed'that idea.

Anouk was trustworthy. She wouldn't break her promise.

Feeling a bit guilty, Charlotte tried to stay calm and said,"Are you crazy?The one who'spregnant is Serena, not me."

"If you're not pregnant,then why are you throwing up?"


Frederick pressed on, still suspicious.

"I have a stomach issue."

Worried about being found out, Charlotte decided to play the jealousy card.
"So what if I was pregnant? Would you not divorce me then?"

Frederick was taken aback, staring at her belly with a complicated look. "If you were pregnant, I'd make sure you both had the best life." Charlotte scoffed, "The best life? You mean being kept? I won't let my child be labeled illegitimate. Save your fatherly love for Serena's kid." With that,Charlotte shoved Frederick out of the room.

She slammed the door shut and locked it, the whole process quick and smooth.

Finally,some peace and quiet without Frederick's pestering.

"Frederick, how can she treat you like that? It's just too much."

Serena never missed a chance to badmouth Charlotte in front of Frederick.

Downstairs, Anouk saw the whole thing.

Not wanting Serena to stir up trouble, she called out. "Frederick, come to my room. We need to talk."

Frederick followed Anouk to her room,waiting for her to speak first.

Anouk's face was calm, showing no emotion. "You and Charlotte got hitched for convenience, but from what I've seen these past few days,you two actually care about each other. Divorce isn't something to take lightly.Let me be straight with you, even if you split from Charlotte, I would never let Serena marry into our family."

"Grandma, you just don't get Serena, that's why you don't like her."

Frederick tried to explain.

Even though he had started to see Serena in a different light lately, he couldn't just abandon the woman who had risked her life for him.

"Given her past actions, it's no wonder I disapprove."

"That whole thing was mostly a misunderstanding. Grandma,Serena saved my life and she's pregnant. I can't just leave her. It might not be fair to Charlotte, but I'll make it up to her. I won't let her suffer."

Anouk was genuinely angry now.

She looked at Frederick, her brows furrowed. "Compensate? Do you think Charlotte is someone who can be bought off? She's a good girl. If you let her go,you'll regret it for the rest of your life."

Anouk wasn't trying to scare him; if Charlotte was truly done with him,he wouldn't be able to win her back.

"Frederick, remember, yesterday was the last time I helped you. If you stay stubborn, I won't interfere anymore. If you really go through with the divorce, I'll treat Charlotte as my granddaughter and find her a good husband. Actually, I think the doctor who came by yesterday is a good match. He and Charlotte already have a connection."

With every word Anouk said, Frederick's brows furrowed tighter.

He spoke in a low tone,"Grandma, I don't want you meddling in our business. I can handle this."


Anouk slammed the table. "If I don't step in, should I just watch Charlotte get bullied by you and Serena? You haven't even divorced yet, and you bring Serena home. Have you forgotten the promise you made to your grandfather? Our Percy family doesn't have such a fickle tradition."

Frederick pressed his lips together.

He wanted to defend himself, but in the end, he just said, "I can handle this myself.

"Fine, am I just annoying you now? My words don't matter anymore? If that's the case, don't us e my illness as an excuse. Find a time this week to get the divorce, and stop dragging Charlotte along."

Anouk turned her wheelchair, her back to Frederick, signaling for him to leave.
Frederick stood there silently for a long time, then walked out.

"Is there really no way to save their marriage? Yesterday,I swallowed my pride to give him a chance, but he still wants to hurt Charlotte."

Anouk felt a bit dejected, suddenly looking ten years older.

Ryan, who had been listening from behind the door, stepped out. He had heard their conversation and felt a bit regretful too.

He said, "Mrs. Anouk Percy, since you know about Mrs. Charlotte Percy's pregnancy, why not just tell Mr. Percy? If he knew that, there might still be a chance to turn things around."

"I want to tell him. But did you see his attitude just now? He won't let me interfere."
###Chapter 49

Anouk, feeling both frustrated and let down, continued, "Charlotte might have a good temper, but she's got her,own mind. She didn't use the kid to trap him in marriage, so how could I spill her secret? Forget it,it's their fate. Even if Frederick regrets it later, that's on him."
Anouk, though unwilling, felt powerless.

In these situlations, no one knows how things will turn out until the very end.
In the days that followed, the villa was surprisingly peaceful, almost too peaceful.
Even though Serena kept trying to get Frederick alone, she didn't stir up any trouble. Instead, Frederick and Charlotte were together every night,with Frederick wearing Charlotte out every evening.
If it weren't for Serena and Anouk still being around, Charlotte might have thought the whole divorce thing was just a bad dream.

But she had heard from Ryan that Anouk wanted them to finalize the divorce this week, and today was the last day.

After getting up, Charlotte quietly grabbed her documents and went downstairs to wait for Frederick.

Anouk, pushed by Ryan, looked at her with love. "Charlotte, go ahead.Whether you get divorced or not, you're still family to me. I support whatever you decide."

"Thank you,Grandma." Charlotte held Anouk's hand gratefully.

She was truly thankful to Anouk. If Anouk had told Frederick about her pregnancy, the divorce wouldn't have been so easy. Luckily,their marriage was almost over.
Before, Charlotte felt uneasy, but now that the day of the divorce had come,she felt calm.
"Frederick,wait for me! I can't find my passport."

Serena's voice came from behind.

Charlotte turned around and saw Serena following Frederick.

Charlotte's heart sank, feeling like a heavy stone was weighing her down.

She spoke with a bitter tone, "Frederick, do you have to make things so final? We're about to get divorced. Can't you wait a day if you want to get married?"


Her heart was breaking. She didn't expect that even at the last moment.Frederick would still hurt her.

"I didn't."


Frederick's face was dark. He wanted to explain, but he knew it wouldn't matter what he said.


He was already in a bad mood because of the divorce, and Serena pushing to get married right after the divorce made it worse. Even though Frederick always thought he'd marry Serena, seeing her so eager made him angry. Serena didn't notice Frederick's mood. She caught up with him and took his arm.
She said proudly, "Today is a perfect day to get married. What's wrong with us getting married? If it weren't for someone always getting in the way, Frederick and I would have been married long ago."
Finally, the day had come. Serena wasn't going to back down. She needed to lock down the relationship quickly; otherwise, she'd always feel uneasy.
Charlotte sneered, "Fine, if you don't mind the embarrassment, follow us.We'll get divorced, and you can get married right after. Afraid the public won't know you're the mistress?"
"You!"

Serena was furious, but what made her angrier was that she knew Charlotte had a point.
Charlotte's tone was dripping with sarcasm, "I bet this juicy story will be all over the headlines tomorrow: #The CEO of the Percy Group in a Love Scandal..."


"Enough."

Frederick cut her off, not wanting to hear any more.

For some reason, hearing Charlotte's indifference about the divorce made him feel really uneasy.

Charlotte, thrown off by his interruption, felt a pang of discomfort too.

In Frederick's eyes, she could never measure up to Serena.

But thankfully, it was all about to be over. J Frederick turned to Serena. "You stay here and wait for me to come back.We'll have plenty of time to register our marriage later."


Serena, though happy with Frederick's protective stance, didn't want to miss the chance to get married today.
Anouk,who had been watching, couldn't take it anymore.

She said coldly, "If you keep dragging this out, I won't let them get divorced."
"No! I'll go back."


Serena panicked and quickly agreed not to follow.

With no more obstacles,Frederick and Charlotte got into the car, but their journey was plagued by traffic jams and reckless drivers cutting them off,slowing them down significantly.
At first, Charlotte didn't mind, but when she saw Frederick taking the most congested route, she couldn't hold back.

Charlotte snapped, "What are you doing? Is this the only way? What are you stalling for? Stop wasting our time."

She really couldn't figure out Frederick or what he was trying to do. Did he not want to divorce her?

As soon as that thought crossed her mind, she dismissed it. There was no way Frederick didn't want to divorce her.She couldn't believe that. 小
With a sudden brake, Frederick pulled the car over to the side of the road.

Frederick's demeanor was dark, and his gaze was icy. "Are you that eager to divorce me?"
Frederick thought that after five years of marriage, Charlotte's feelings would be like his, wishing the drive would never end. But to his surprise,Charlotte couldn't wait to get it over with.
"What else? We've come this far. Is there any point in dragging it out?"

Charlotte shot back.

Frederick looked at her steadily, his heart a mix of emotions.


Even though he was the one who suggested the divorce, he never really thought about separating from her. To him, the marriage certificate didn't mean much.

But now, Frederick was suddenly panicking.

He kneww that if he really divorced Charlotte today, he would lose her forever.

As they were at a standstill, his phone rang.


Frederick answered, his frown deepening, "Send me the photos."

Charlotte was curious, wondering what kind of news could cause such a reaction from Frederick. But Frederick's phone was specially modified, so even though they were the only two in the car, she couldn't hear what was being said on the other end. Frederick's expression turned frighteningly cold.

He checked the pictures sent by his subordinate, glanced at them,and immediately locked the screen, which made Charlotte, who had craned her neck to see,feel a bit awkward.

She said discontentedly, "Fine, don't show me. It's not like I really want to know."
Despite her words, she was still curious about what kind of news could make Frederick's face look so grim.
Then she thought, 'Forget it, it has nothing to do with me.
###Chapter 50

But what Charlotte didn't know was that this whole mess wás actually connected to her.
Frederick couldn't shake the image of the photo he had just seen. It was just one picture, but it stirred up a storm inside him.
Charlotte had asked him to look into the aphrodisiac perfume, and it was pretty clear that Serena was the one using it.
So,Frederick had his team dig deeper, trying to figure out where Serena got it from.

But instead of finding the source of the perfume, his team stumbled upon  a photo.

The date on the photo was from three years ago, and it was definitely Serena. The kicker? She was awake in the picture!

Back then. Serena had a car accident, and he sent her abroad for treatment.
It took five years for her to wake up.

But this photo proved she had already woken up three years ago.

What the heck happened in between?

Why did Serena lie to him?

Frederick looked at Charlotte, feeling all sorts of conflicted.

Charlotte suddenly had it out for Serena, asking him to investigate her.Did she know something?

"Why are you staring at me like that?" Charlotte felt uneasy under his gaze, not sure what he was up to.

"I've got something to take care of; I can't go through with the divorce today. I'll let you know when we can reschedule."
Frederick said, motioning for Charlotte to get out of the car.He needed to find out what Serena was hiding, pronto.
"What?"

Charlotte frowned,now really anxious. "I don't care what urgent thing you have, can't it wait a few more minutes? I'm not getting out, no matter what you say!"

Charlotte clung to the car door, refusing to budge.

Frederick's behavior was totally baffling; even on their way to divorce,he s uddenly wanted to back out.
"Suit yourself."

Seeing she wouldn't get out, Frederick stepped on the gas, and the car sped off.

He suddenly braked at the intersection, the tires screeching on the road,completing a beautiful drift before speeding away.

Charlotte was almost thrown up again.

When she recovered, she realized Frederick was heading towards the Percy Group.


"Hey! Are you out of your mind? Can't we deal with our divorce first?"

She was really tired of these emotionally turbulent days. Frederick ignored her, the gas pedal roaring, the car weaving through traffic.
By the time they arrived at the company, Charlotte was already wilted.

She was already prone to slight motion sickness, and being pregnant made it worse. Now, she felt utterly dizzy and unable to stand up.
Frederick parked the car and noticed Charlotte's pale face.

He scooped her up in his arms and strode into the company.

"Good morning,Mr.Percy."

Everyone greeted him, but their eyes were all on Charlotte.

Charlotte felt like she was sitting on pins and needles, soshe buried her face in Frederick's neck.

The secretary hurried over. "Mr. Percy, didn't you say the morning schedule was canceled? Is there any change?"

Frederick didn't stop, carrying Charlotte in a princess hold, walking into his private elevator, and instructed the secretary, "She's not feeling well, get a doctor right away."

Charlotte was still feeling woozy, but hearing that, she snapped to attention,half-awake with fright.

"No need! I'm just a bit carsick, no need to get a doctor."

Charlotte's reaction was a bit over the top.

The secretary looked at Frederick, unsure of what to do. Even though he respected Charlotte, he had to follow Frederick's orders. Frederick glanced down at Charlotte, seeing she looked a bit better, and decided not to push the doctor thing.
The elevator doors slowly closed, and Charlotte finally breathed a sigh of relief.
More and more people knew she was pregnant, and she was really scared of Frederick finding out.
She thought today would settle things, but now Frederick had thrown another curveball.
When they reached the top floor, Frederick placed her on the sofa to rest,then walked into his office, closing the door behind him.
It wasn't that he didn't trust Charlotte; he just needed to get a handle on the situation first. Even if he wanted to talk to her, he needed all the facts.
Charlotte picked up an orange from the coffee table, not to eat it, but to peel a piece and place it under her nose.

The fresh scent of the orange peel helped ease her nausea a bit.

Her morning sickness was so bad, she thought she needed to come up with a new formula.


If she could create a perfume that alleviates morning sickness and car sickness, it could be the company's next big hit.

Charlotte dialed Taylor's number, sharing her idea. "Charlotte, you're a genius, but isn't it advised that pregnant women avoid using perfume? It could cause issues." Taylor was excited but still had concerns. Charlotte thought Taylor's worries were valid but had confidence in herself."Don't worry, I'll be careful with all the ingredients inthe formula.I'll make a completely harmless perfume, after all, I need to use it myself."


"I trust you, with your assurance, I'm relieved!"

Taylor said, then asked, "I heard from Jasper that you're divorcing Frederick today. How did it go? Should I come pick you up, and we can celebrate properly today?"
Charlotte was puzzled.

She hadn't told anyone about her divorce with Frederick today, so how did Jasper know?
But now, Charlotte felt a bit awkward, not knowing how to explain to Taylor why she didn't get divorced.

Because even she didn't know why Frederick suddenly changed his mind.

"Why aren't you talking?"

Taylor asked again.

Charlotte had to lie, "We got into a car accident on the way, and the divorce isn't resolved yet."

"What? Are you okay? Are you in the hospital now?" Taylor immediately got worried.


Charlotte quickly reassured her, "Don't worry, I'm fine. The car accident wasn't serious, I wasn't hurt, really. I'll handle the car issue first, and we'll talk later." "Where are you? I'll come see you."

"No need, I'm really fine now. I'll come find you after I handle things."

Charlotte said,quickly hanging up the phone.

She felt guilty for lying to Taylor.

Lying never solved anything because one lie always led to many more to cover it up.
###Chapter 51

Frederick holed up in his office all day, not even stepping out for meals,which left Charlotte scratching her head.
Even a president probably wasn't as swamped as he was.

As the sky darkened, Charlotte knocked on Frederick's door.

"Aren't you done yet? There's only half an hour left until the courthouse closes. Can't you spare even half an hour?"
Charlotte's tonewas impatient. Honestly, anyone who had waited all dlay would be on edge.

She now thought he was really strange. Did he think that by stalling the divorce today, they wouldn't get divorced?

Frederick didn't even look up from his documents and said calmly, "I'm busy.You should leave."

"You're being unreasonable. We agreed on this earlier, and now you've kept me waiting here all day. What exactly are you stalling for?"

Faced with Charlotte's aggressive questioning, Frederick finally looked up at her.


"I don't have time right now. I'll make time tomorrow. If you can't wait,you can go to court and file a lawsuit now." Frederick said this and then lowered his head again, ignoring Charlotte."Fine." Charlotte, very frustrated,slammed the door and stormed out of Percy Group.

If she had known that Frederick would keep making excuses to avoid the divorce, she would have gone back to her lab earlier to work on the anti-nausea perfume, rather than wasting her time here.

Her phone suddenly vibrated, and Charlotte thought it was Frederick calling.


But the name on the screen was one she had almost forgotten, which surprised her.

"What's up?"

Charlotte thought for a moment and answered the call, though her tone was somewhat cold.

"Charlotte, you haven't been home for a long time. I miss you. Mom made a lot of your favorite dishes tonight. Come home for dinner,okay?"

The voice on the other end was very sweet; it was her sister,Juniper.


"You guys eat. I'm not hungry."

Charlotte responded perfunctorily.
Thinking about what she overheard last time she went home made her heartbroken. Charlotte had someone investigate her own background, but perhaps due to the passage of time, there was hardly any valuable information to be found. But one thing was certain: whether she was their biological daughter or not,Oliver and Elodie only saw her as a tool."Please come home. Mom and Dad have been talking about you. A few days ago, they asked me to invite you back, but I didn't want to bother you. Dad hits Mom when he comes home, and he hits me when I try to stop him. Charlotte, if you don't come home today, I'm afraid I'll get beaten again."


Juniper said pitifully, even carrying a hint of sobbing at the end.

In the past, Charlotte would have dropped everything to rush home and protect Juniper and Elodie.

As long as she was there, Oliver's whip would always fall on her.

Even when she was covered in bruises, Charlotte never complained, feeling it was worth it to protect them.

But now, thinking about the conversations she overheard that day,Charlotte felt foolish herself to do that.

Oliver beating Elodie and Juniper was all just a trick to manipulate her.


"Alright, I'll comne back."

Charlotte's voice was calm as she agreed to go back.

Even though she was super disappointed in her family and wanted to cut ties completely,Charlotte felt a sense of unwillingness.
She had never done anything to wrong them, yet they played her for a fool,tricking her into marrying Frederick in Juniper's place. Recently, she had been busy with the divorce and hadn't had time to pursue this matter. She didn't expect them to come to her first. She wanted to see what kind of act they were putting on this time."Charlotte, you really agreed to come back?"

Juniper was a bit incredulous, thinking she would have to persuade her more. She didn't expect Charlotte to agree so easily this time.

"What's wrong? Didn't you ask me to come back? Is there a problem?"

"Of course not, Charlotte. I just miss you so much. I'll tell Mom you're coming back. She'll be so happy. It's settled then. I'll wait for you at home."

Juniper said and hung up the phone.

Elodie immediately came over. "How is it? Did that bitch Charlotte really get divorced?"

"Mom, you're too impatient. Anyway, Charlotte has already agreed to come back. Why not wait until she arrives to ask? When she mentions the divorce,you can comfort her and then get her to do other things. She'll be more obedient."

Juniper said with a very sinister smile.

Oliver was very pleased. He patted Juniper on the shoulder approvingly."You truly are my daughter; the way you handle matters is reminiscent of my own style in the past."
Elodie took Juniper's hand, her eyes full of pride. "Of course."

"Alright, you two go to the kitchen. Charlotte will be here soon,and I need to get into character." Oliver was taken aback, then became even angrier. He didn't continue to confront Charlotte but turned to the kitchen and yelled,"This is your good daughter. She dares to talk to me like this." Elodie grumbled.

When they first brought Charlotte back, Elodie used this trick to better control her.

Each time,Elodie has the servants prepare the meals, then pretends that she has cooked them herself.

It always moved Charlotte to tears.

When Charlotte arrived at the Russell Villa,she found only Oliver sitting on the sofa.


Oliver's expression was very grim.

Seeing Charlotte, Oliver immediately shouted, "You have the nerve to come back. Get over here and kneel!"

Oliver always tried to take the initiative, attempting to intimidate her with his presence.

But Charlotte knew he was just bluffing, incapable of causing any real trouble.

She looked calmly at this so-called father, walking over step by step, her gaze firm, without any trace of fear or compromise.
"Didn't you ask me to come back? If you don't want me here, I can leave."


Charlotte said very coldly.
###Chapter 52

Elodie dashed out of the kitchen, apron still on.

"Charlotte, you're back! I'vre been so busy cooking for you, I didn't even notice you come in."

But Charlotte could see right away that Elodie's hands were spotless, not a drop of water on them. Clearly, she hadn't been cooking at all.
Charlotte's heart sank a little.


Everything had signs, she just hadn't noticed before. She'd been too naive,always getting played.

"I'm not here to eat. If there's something to discuss, let's get to it."

Charlotte brushed Elodie's hand aside, her voice calm.

Her cool reaction left Oliver a bit confused, but he stuck to the plan.

He said to Elodie, "She always makes me mad. She didn't even tell the family about divorcing Frederick. Does she even see me as her father?"

Elodie tried to calm him down.

"Don't be so angry. No matter what, she's still our child. Even though Charlotte is older than Juniper, she's still a kid. What's there to be mad about?" Charlotte turned to her, her gaze icy, like she was looking at a stranger. "You don't want him mad at me, so you think this is all my fault?" Elodie looked at Oliver, helpless. She couldn't understand why Charlotte had suddenly become so sharp.She used to be so easy to control.

Elodie said, "Charlote, you've got it wrong. How could I say that?"

"Alright then, tell me, who do you think is at fault?"

Charlotte pressed on, not letting up, forcing Elodie to choose.

"I..."

Elodie was speechless.

Just then, Juniper walked out of the kitchen.

"Charlotte, you're finally home. I know you're upset, but we're family. No matter what, I'm always here for you. You can throw a tantrum or be willful at home because we're your family."

Juniper moved gracefully, stepping forward to hug Charlotte.

Charlotte dodged her.

"Who told you about my divorce with Frederick?"

Not many people knew about her plan to divorce Frederick today,but it seemed like quite a few actually did.

Oliver, Elodie, and Juniper exchanged glances. Oliver quickly interrupted Charlotte's thoughts,taking control of the conversation."Why do you care how we found out? What I want to know is whyyou didn't discuss it with the family before divorcing Frederick. What did I tell you last time?"

At that moment, Charlotte wanted to rip off their fake masks and expose their true selves.

But she needed to keep them calm for now, to uncover the truth.

Charlotte didn't argue with Oliver.

"Since you know about my divorce with Frederick, you should also know why. Frederick wanted the divorce. What could I do?"

"Not being able to keep a man means you lack the ability. If you had followed my instructions, you wouldn't be in this mess."


Oliver sighed, clearly disappointed. "Do you have any idea how much our business has thrived since we linked up with the Percy Family? Even if it killed you, you shouldn't have divorced Frederick. If I'd known you were this useless, I would've had Juniper marry him instead."

Charlotte couldn't help but laugh at his words.

She didn't expect Oliver to finally spill his true feelings after holding back for so long.

Charlotte played along. "Yeah, why didn't you have Juniper marry him back then?"
Originally,they didn't let Juniper marry him because they were worried she'd suffer.The Percy Family was a mess at the time, and Frederick had been in a car accident. Some even said he might be on the verge of death. But after she married hím, Frederick not only survived but was healthier than most.

Hearing Charlotte's words, the three of them had mixed expressions on their faces.


If they had known Frederick would be fine, such a good thing would never have fallen to Charlotte.

Oliver snapped, "When you were first brought back, your mother and I felt guilty and wanted to make it up to you. That's why we gave you the marriage that was originaly meant for Juniper. Because of you, Juniper is still unmarried."

Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "If that's the case, why not let Juniper marry him now? She's younger than me; Frederick would surely like her."

"Really?"

Juniper couldn't hide her excitement at Charlotte's words.

But she quickly composed herself and said with displeasure, "Charlotte,what are you saying? Frederick married you,so he's my brother-in-law.How could I marry him? Besides, he brought another woman into the house to humiliate you. Such a man is indeed very excessive."
"You even know about that. Seems like you pay a lot of attention to the Percy Family."

Charlotte looked at Juniper with a scrutinizing gaze.

Juniper was momentarily uneasy but quickly regained her composure. "You're my sister, and our parents care about you so much. Of course,we pay extra attention to your situation, fearing you might be bullied byoutsiders."

"I see."

Charlotte smiled coldly.

Elodie stepped in to smooth things over.

"Alright, let's not talk about this. Let's go eat. I've been busy all afternoon preparing this meal."

"She was abandoned by Frederick, and she doesn't even deserve to eat at home."


Oliver said, and Elodie immediately took over.

"Speaking of which, the president of Skyreach Group mentioned to me before that he has a good impression of Charlotte. Maybe we can arrange for them to meet. Who knows, it might work out."

"If he really likes Charlotte, that would be great. But I'm afraid he won't."


Oliver's words were still full of suppression and pressure.

Charlotte just wanted to laugh upon hearing that.

She finally understood why they were so eager to bring her back today.

They had learned about her divorce with Frederick and couldn't wait to set her up with someone else.
The president of Skyreach Group was over 50 years old.She had seen him at a banquet with Frederick before. Due to his excessive indulgences,he appeared at least 10 years older than his peers.
Such an old man, and Oliver was worried he wouldn't like her.

It was simply ridiculous.

"Then you handle it. If Charlotte refuses, you'll regret it."

Oliver threatened Elodie, but his eyes were fixed on Charlotte.
###Chapter 53

So,normally, Charlotte would be here protecting Elodie right now. She'd usually take all the blame to keep Oliver from getting violent.

But today, Charlotte just didn't care.

Elodie was confused. While begging for mercy,she turned to Charlotte,"
Charlotte, tell your dad to stop. You always listento him."

Charlotte just stared at her coldly.

Her eyes were full of sarcasm. "Mom, I used to think it was wrong for Dad to hit you. But now I get it. It's just his way of showing love.So,just deal with it."


Elodie was stunned.

"How can you say that? Are you just going to watch him beat me?"

"If you don't want to get hit, you can get a divorce like I did. Instead of pressuring me, just get a divorce and fix the problem."

Elodie stammered a few words and then fainted from anger.


"Mom,are you okay?"
Juniper rushed over and then glared at Charlotte. "Charlotte, you know Mom's health isn't good. Why would you say that?"

"What did I say? I was just being honest." "You ungrateful daughter, I'm so disappointed in you." Oliver got angrier and finally almost commanded, "Anyway, I've set up a 
dinner for tomorrow night with the president of Skyreach Group. You have to go, whether you like it or not. You're not part of the Percy Family anymore, and now you can only rely on the Russell Family. Since you're with us,you have to contribute."

Charlotte replied, "What about Juniper? Why doesn't she have to contribute?"


"How can you and Juniper be the same?"

"Yeah,how are we different?"

"You're not even..."

Oliver stopped abruptly.

He changed his words, "You and Juniper are both my daughters, of course,you're the same. It's just that the president of Skyreach Group is interested in you. What can I do?"

"Well, I can't go."

"Yo've already upset your mom. Do you want to make me angry too?"

Facing Oliver's anger, Charlotte just shrugged.

"I can't go because I'm still a member of the Percy Family. Today,Frederick and I planned to get a divorce, but we didn't. So, I can't help the Russell Family right now. Let Juniper go to the dinner tomorrow night."

"What? You didn't get a divorce?"

Juniper couldn't believe it.

"That's right, Frederick and I didn't get a divorce. Judging by Juniper's face, you seem pretty disappointed."

"How could that be? Charlotté, you didn't get a divorce. I'm happy for you,how could I be disappointed?" Juniper quickly changed her expression.

Charlotte just smirked and ignored her.

Oliver's face lit up with joy.

He smiled at Charlotte and said, "Charlotte, is it true? You really didn't get
a divorce from Frederick? That's great."

"Of course it's true. If you don't believe me, you can check."

"No need, I believe you. Charlotte, you're really my good daughter.How should I reward you?"

Oliver felt a huge relief. The reason he didn't want Charlotte to divorce Frederick right now was that the Russell Group had a bidding project that needed technical support from the Percy Group.

At this critical moment, losing the Percy Group's support would mean giving up the project.

Whether Charlotte was happy or content in her marriage was the last thing on Oliver's mind.


"If you want to reward me, how about giving me back my necklace? The one Juniper took when I came back from the countryside."

Charlotte seized the moment to make her request. She had never questioned her identity before, but now she felt like her background was a mystery. Charlotte could barely remember her childhood. The only thing that stuck with her was the clover-shaped pendant necklace she had always worn.

But Juniper took that necklace when she was brought back.

"No problem. Juniper, give Charlotte her necklace back."

Oliver was in a great mood, and Charlotte's request seemed reasonable, so he agreed without hesitation.

However, Juniper was not happy.

"But Charlotte, you gave that to me. How can you take it back? It was the first gift you ever gave me, it means a lot."

Juniper had taken the necklace just to bully Charlotte at first.

But after she got it, she grew to love it. The clover, made of some unknown material, felt amazing, and it had a faint fragrance better than any perfume she'd ever smelled.

People who smelled it thought it was her natural scent.

"That wasn't a gift, you took it. It's been five years, it's time to give it back."


Charlotte's voice was icy.

When she was first brought back, she was still getting used to the family.Juniper took her necklace, and when she complained to Oliver and Elodie,they told her to yield to Juniper and endure it.Back then, she was easily fooled because she genuinely thought of them as family. But not anymore. "But..."

Juniper was still reluctant.

"If you don't give it back, don't come to me for anything in the future.I won't help you."
Charlotte's words didn't scare Juniper, but they did scare Oliver.

He immediately scolded, "Juniper! How can you be so selfish! Give Charlotte her necklace back! Are you looking for a beating?"

Juniper didn't expect Oliver to be genuinely angry this time.Her eyes welled up with tears.

With tears in her eyes, Juniper reluctantly pulled out the clover pendant from her chest,yanked it off, and threw it at Charlotte.

"Here!"

Juniper huffed in anger and ran upstairs.

After getting the necklace, Charlotte didn't say much and left the Russell Villa.


Holding the clover necklace in her hand, she noticed the fragrance hadn't faded but had become even stronger.

However, there were a few scratches on the clover,showing that Juniper didn't cherish it, which broke Charlotte's heart. Inside the Russell Villa. After Charlotte left, Elodie got up from the ground. Elodie complained, "Honey, why did you scold Juniper for that bitch Charlotte? It broke my heart."

"I was just in a hurry."

Oliver said impatiently, "And Juniper was being too seIfish. It's just a necklace,give it to Charlotte."
Elodie disagreed.

"Honey! Have you forgotten who left that clover necklace? What if it's something valuable?"

"Keep your voice down."

Oliver immediately looked around guiltily, then lowered his voice and said."I said before, we're not to mention their matters again! Even if it's Charlotte's, so what? It's just a necklace, nothing valuable! Alright, don't talk about this anymore. Go upstairs and comfort Juniper, I have things to do."
###Chapter 54

When Charlotte got back to the villa, she found out that Anouk had already been taken to the hospital to recover.

She headed to the kitchen to grab a bite, but Serena blocked her way.

Serena snapped, "Why are you still here? You and Frederick are divorced.Get out now!"

Charlotte, annoyed by Serena's attitude, shot back, "If you can be here, why can't I?"

"Besides. we didn't get divorced today. If anyone should leave, it's you.Stop bothering me, or I'll have someone throw you out."

Charlotte had just come back from the Russell Villa and was in a foul mood.

"What? You didn't get divorced? Then what did you do today?"

Serena was shocked they hadn't gone through with it.

She glared at Charlotte and demanded, "What excuse did you come up with to avoid the divorce?"

Charlotte rolled her eyes. "Maybe it's Frederick who's stalling."

"No way! Frederick promised me he'd marry me by the end of this month.Why would he delay the divorce with you? You're delusional!"

Charlotte didn't want to argue with Serena but was curious about what was going on with Frederick.

"Frederick's back. If you don't believe me, ask him yourself." Charlotte heard Frederick's car and sent Serena out to confront him.

Serena ran to Frederick, tears in her eyes. "Frederick, didn't you go to divorce her today? Why is she still here? Are you backing out? Were you lying to me?"


She pointed at the villa door.

Charlotte stepped out, waiting to hear Frederick's explanation.

Frederick gave Charlotte a long look, then turned to Serena.

He smiled gently, in a way Charlotte had never seen before.

"How could I lie to you? I'll definitely divorce Charlotte. Something came up today and delayed me. I'll finalize it tomorrow."

"Really? Are you sure?"

Serena's tears turned to a smile.

It wasn't just Frederick's words that made her happy; it was the feeling that his old attitude towards her was back.

Lately,Serena had felt Frederick was distant, which made her anxious. But now, she felt like the old Frederick was back.

"I'm sure. It's chilly out here,let's go inside."

Frederick's warm smile made Serena even more smug. She pressed her face against Frederick's chest and shot Charlotte a triumphant look. Charlotte felt a pang of bitterness.
She wasn't upset by Serena's gloating but felt it was unfair for herself.

In the years they were married, she thought that even if Frederick didn't love her, he at least liked her. But seeing his attitude towards Serena,Charlotte realized she had been fooling herself all along.
The presence or absence of love was painfully obvious.

Charlotte didn't joina them for dinner, but even from the upstairs bedroom.she could hear their voices.

Serena's overly sweet voice was so grating it made her feel sick.

After taking a bath, Charlótte was about to go to sleep when she heard the bedroom doorknob turning from the outside.

"Who is it?" she called out warily.

"Open the door, I need to talk to you," Frederick's voice was still cold and indifferent.


Charlotte had no intention of opening the door. "We have nothing to talk about. I'm going to sleep."

She lay down, determined not to open the door, no matter what Frederick had to say.

But before she could fall asleep, the door opened. "How did you get in?" Charlotte immediately sat up, looking nervously at the door. Frederick walked in lazily, raising his hand to show the keys. "This is my house. Naturally, I have the key." Charlotte was speechless, wanting to retort but realizing he had a point."What do you want to talk about?"

"Tell me the truth, why did you want me to investigate Serena?" Frederick looked at Charlotte intently, not wanting to miss any of her expressions.

"What? I didn't ask you to investigate Serena. I asked you to investigate that perfume. It's completely different, okay?" Charlotte corrected him.

She thought Frederick might be worried she would harm Serena.

"What's with that perfume? Even if it's an aphrodisiac perfume, what special meaning does it have for you?" Frederick didn't want to reveal what he had found out so quickly, but he felt Charlotte's motive for having him investigate the aphrodisiac perfume was hard to explain.

"If you can't find out, then forget it. I don't need to explain so much to you." Charlotte became wary.

'Could it be that Frederick noticed the incident in the lab back then and is trying to trick me?' she wondered.

"I need you to tell me the truth." Frederick stepped forward and grabbed her wrist.

"Stop being unreasonable. Grandma isn't here today. Shouldn't you be with Serena? Why are you here asking me?" Charlotte tried to break free,but Frederick's grip was strong, and her wrist turned red without being able to break free. "What exactly do you want to know?" "What's your purpose in investigating that perfume?" Frederick's voice was low,his eyes dark and cold. "That perfume is a formula I accidentally created, but I never made it again. That day, I smelled it on both of you, so of course, I want to know who gave Serena that perfume." Charlotte spoke quickly, her eyes moistening at the corners. "I told you, now let go of me!"

"That perfume was really created by you? When did you learn to do this?"Frederick let go of her, still somewhat suspicious.

Although Charlotte's expression didn't seem like she was lying,Frederick had a feeling she was hiding something from him.

"What else could it be? My company specializes in perfumes; it's hardly surprising that I know how to create them." Charlotte rubbed her wrist,her tone very unpleasant..

She knew Frederick was very perceptive, so she couldn't lie, but she could hide some things selectively.
###Chapter 55

Frederick was sure Charlotte was telling the truth, and his eyes landed on her tender, slightly reddened wrist.

He reached out, took her hand again, and lifted it up.

Frederick lowered his head and gently kissed her wrist.

"What are you doing?"

Charlotte tried to pull away, but Frederick didn't hold her tightly.

He planted soft kisses on her wrist, the cool touch making him linger,his body pressing against hers.

"Get off! Don't touch me!"


Charlotte's hands were pinned by Frederick, her arms raised above her head,making her chest look even fuller and shapely.

Frederick ignored her protests, lowered his head, and aimed for her lips.

Charlotte turned her head sharply, avoiding him.

But to her surprise, Frederick kissed her ear instead.

His breath brushed against her ear, making Charlotte instinctively want to pull away, but she couldn't escape his grip.

Frederick licked her earlobe with the tip of his tongue, nibbling on her ear,his hot breath sweeping over her neck, and his large hand gently pinching her nipple through the silk nightgown.

Charlotte couldn't handle the intense teasing and let out a soft moan. Realizing the sound she made, she immediately felt a surge of embarrassment and wished she could disappear.

Seeing her shy expression, Frederick's desire grew even stronger.

He forcefully pressed his knee between her legs, making her spread them apart.

Frederick slightly propped himself up, his hand ready to undo his belt,but then he heard a knock at the door.

"Mr.Percy."

"Get out!"

Frederick was very annoyed at being interrupted.

The servant's voice paused, trembling a bit but still speaking with determination, "Mr. Percy, Ms. Brown has a fever and is in bad shape.She wants you to check on her."


Frederick clicked his tongue in annoyance but didn't continue. He got off Charlotte and got out of bed.

Charlotte saw the bulge in his lower body and couldn't help but sneer.

"What are you laughing at?"

"Nothing, you should go quickly. If Serena really needs help, you might end up blaming me for delaying you."

Charlotte adjusted her clothes, covering the exposed skin.

Frederick wanted to explain himself. The photos his people found could prove that Serena had woken up three years ago, but other than that, everything about Serena in the past few years seemed to have been deliberately erased, leaving no trace.

So today, when he came back, he deliberately treated Serena very warmly,just to deceive her and find out what was behind her.

He did remember Serena's life-saving grace back then, but if that grace was mixed with calculation and conspiracy, he wouldn't let it go easily.

Frederick opened his mouth to speak, but in the end,he remained silent.

The matter hadn't been fully investigated yet, and it wasn't appropriate to tell Charlotte now.

After getting dressed, Frederick didn't say another word and left with the servant.


Charlotte watched the door close, angrily taking out her frustration on her pillow.

"He just leaves like that, without explaining anything to me. Well, I guess I'm not that important anyway."

Downstairs, Serena had a wet towel on her forehead and was moaning,looking very uncomfortable.

"Frederick,you didn't have to come. Did I disturb your rest?" Serena said,pretending to be considerate. Frederick composed himself, touched her forehead, and said gently, "How are you feeling? Do you want me to take you to the hospital right now?" "No, I'm fine. You should go back and take care of Charlotte. She probably 
needs you more than I do," Serena's voice was choked with sobs.

"Why would you say that?" Frederick asked. He knew Serena was acting.but he still had to play along.
"Ms. Russell told me today that you two haven't divorced because you don't want to. Frederick, if you still like her, I will leave. I don't want to be the one who breaks up your relationship."
After saying this, Serena saw that Frederick didn't respond immediately, so she continued to act pitiful.

"If you have any concerns, you can tell me. I'll support all your decisions because I trust you."

Serena thought that being so understanding and giving would surely move Frederick and make him decide to divorce Charlotte.

But to her surprise, Frederick said, "Great, it's good that you understand me. To be honest, I can't get a divorce right now."

"What? Frederick..." Serena was momentarily stunned, her eyes widening in disbelief as she looked at Frederick, forgettingto pretend to be sick.

Sitting up straight, Serena asked in disbelief, "Why? Do you really not want to leave her?"

"That's not it. How could I like her?" Frederick raised his hand and smoothed Serena's hair behind her ear.

"The reason I've been occupied all day is due to handling company matters. Recently, the company has been exploring new sectors and attempting to support some emerging industries. It's a period of transformation. Ordinarily, my personal life should remain private, but since we aim to diversify into other industries, many eyes are now on the Percy Group."
"And what does that have to do with your divorce?" Serena didn't understand; she couldn't grasp what Frederick meant.
"I represent the Percy Group. News about my divorce has already caused the stock to drop. If I divorce now and quickly remarry you,our opponents will use it to spread rumors about me. The stock market will inevitably crash, and as the head of the Percy Group, I must be responsible to all shareholders."

After saying this, Frederick held Serena's head with his large hand and leaned in. His face was almost touching Serena's, his voice seductive,"Serena,you understand me,right?"

"I understand you." Serena's cheeks turned slightly red from his sudden closeness.

After saying this, she tried to kiss Frederick, but he avoided her.

"Why do you keep rejecting me?" Serena was a bit frustrated. She was not any worse than Charlotte,yet Frederick has continually rejected her.

Could it be that her charm wasn't enough?
###Chapter 56

"Serena, take it easy. You're pregnant, you can't be doing this. I'm just worried about you and the baby."

"It's fine,Frederick."

Serena reached out to hold him, lowering her head a bit, and said shyly, "I talked to the doctor. It's actually okay to have sex during pregnancy, even if it gets a bit intense, as long as we're careful."

"So,can you stay tonight?"

Serena looked at Frederick with hopeful eyes.


Frederick, however, looked at her seriously. "Serena, time flies. I don't want you to make any mistakes. Let's be patient, for the baby's sake, okay?"

Frederick's words were half true, but he really didn't want to stay.

He couldn't even remember how that night with Serena had gone.He had no clear memory of it, just that he woke up in bed with her.

Soon after, Serena claimed she was pregnant.


But it wasn't like Frederick hadn't tried. The two times Serena had made a move, he had no interest in her seduction at all, not even an erection without medication.


On the other hand, it was different with Charlotte. Every part of Charlotte's body, even a strand of her hair, could turn him on. "Alright, but you have to promise me you won't go to Charlotte." Serena harbored a deep resentment in her heart. 'Frederick said we should both endure it, but he can go to Charlotte for sex,leaving me to endure alone!
"Okay,I promise."

Frederick said, then gently kissed her on the forehead.

But when Frederick walked out the door, he saw Chalotte standing there,tears streaming down her face.

He instantly turned towards the door with caution. Not seeing Serena follow him out, Frederick hoisted Charlotte onto his shoulder and headed upstairs.


Charlotte pounded on his back, trying to make Frederick put her down.

She felt so foolish now, her heart aching as if it had been ripped out.

She had heard everything they said inside the room. She heard Frederick say he wouldn't divorce because he was worried about the stock market.

And he didn't touch Serena because he was afraid of hurting her and the baby!

What about her?

What did Frederick take her for? Just a tool for relieving his desires?

Frederick kicked the door shut and they both fell onto the bed. "Bastard! Get off me!" Charlotte struggled hard, resisting his touch. "What did you hear just now?" Frederick tried to control Charlotte, not knowing how much she had heard.He was afraid she would misunderstand, as many of his words to Serena were insincere.

"I heard everything! Let go of me!"

"No!"

"Let go!"

"No! Calm down!"


A sharp slap stopped both of them in their tracks.

Charlotte looked at her numb hand in disbelief, then at the clear handprint on Frederick's face.


She had slapped Frederick?

She had been pushed to the limit, but why didn't Frederick dodge?


Frederick used his tongue to push against his cheek, feeling the heat on his left side.


He looked at Charlotte and chuckled. "Does that make you feel better?"

"You deserved it. Why didn't you dodge?"

Charlotte's words were tough, but her tone grew weaker and her voice softer. "Now, can you calm down and listen to me?"Frederick said, tucking her into the blanket and getting in himself,pressing down on her. "What are you doing? Why do you need to talk like this?" Charlotte was startled.

Frederick pressed down on her steadily, rubbing against her deliberately before saying, "I'm afraid someone outside might eavesdrop."

Charlotte quickly realized Frederick was referring to herself.

But thinking about what she had overheard outside the door, her heart couldn't help but ache with bitterness.

"Whatever you have to say, say it quickly. It's suffocating in here."

"No matter what you heard just now, don't believe it. I said all that to keep her calm."

"Frederick! Are you kidding me?"

Charlotte was really angry. "You say one thing in front of Serena and another to me. Your behavior is exceedingly hypocritical!"

She wanted to curse Frederick, but couldn't find the right wvords to describe him.


Frederick suddenly kissed her, sucking on her lips forcefully.

After a long time, he finally let her go.

"Listen to me. If you interrupt me again, I'll kiss you."

"You!" Charlotte wanted to retort, but seeing Frederick about to kiss her again, she could only purse her lips tightly to prevent the rogue from succeeding. She was quite keen to hear what kind of excuses Frederick,that scoundrel,would come up with.
"I'll be honest with you. The reason I asked you about the perfume today.is because when I had someone investigate Serena, they found a photo taken three years ago. In that photo, Serena was awake, but the records show she only woke up a month ago."
"No way! Could it be someone who looks a lot like Serena?"

Charlotte was very surprised, not expecting that what she had him investigate would lead to something else.

"I'm sure it's Serena, but it makes me even more alarmed because it means someone deliberately erased some of Serena's experiences. The only ones capable of doing that are the Percy Family overseas. So I need to keep Serena close and use her to uncover the answers I need."

"The Percy Family overseas? Aren't they the ones who competed with you for the position of the company?"

"Yes, the Percy Family split into two branches, one staying here and the other developing overseas. Every generation, there would be a struggle for the successor. In my generation, the Percy Family overseas almost killed me in a car accident, so I have to be cautious."

Charlotte thought for a moment. "So you suspect that when Serena was sent abroad for treatment, she was turned against us, and now she's here as a spy?" "That's very possible." As Frederick spoke, his hands began to wander. Charlotte was still thinking about what he said and didn't immediately realize his actions were becoming more inappropriate.
By the time Charlotte reacted, her clothes had already been undone by Frederick, her ample chest exposed to him.
"You pervert!"

Charlotte exclaimed, feeling very regretful.

'How could I believe he would be a gentleman? I am too careless!

"A pervert only for you. Don't move."

Frederick was licking her neck, not expecting Charlotte to suddenly knee him in the groin, almost making him fall off.
###Chapter 57

The two of them went from wrestling under the covers to rolling out of them, and in the end, Charlotte couldn't escape and Frederick snagged her by the ankle.
He massaged her ankle, gave a gentle tug, and pulled her back into. his arms.
"Scoundrel! Let go of me! I haven't said I forgive you yet!"


Charlotte protested, but it didn't make a difference.

Frederick's hand slid down, his fingers slipping into her panties, rubbing against her.
He kissed her ear. "Forgive or not, it doesn't matter. It's not about what I say, it's about what I do."
When he said 'do,' Frederick put extra emphasis on the word.

At the same time, his fingers went deeper,teasing her.

The more Charlotte's body tensed, the deeper his hand went, and soon he felt her wetness.

Charlotte felt the changes in her body, utterly embarrassed.
 
Her reaction made Frederick even more passionate. No matter how many times they made love, Charlotte's shy yet enchanting demeanor always captivated him. Even though he was painfully hard, Frederick didn't immediately enter her. Instead, he used his fingers to keep rubbing Charlotte's sensitive spot, torturing themn both.

"Do you want it? Beg me."

Frederick bit her ear,teasing her.


Charlotte was already very aroused, her eyes red and misty.She raised her hand to hit him a few times, but it was more like a cat's scratch.

"Say it, say you want me."

"I... I want you."


Charlotte,suppressing her.shame, said it and then pressed her face against Frederick's chest.


Frederick couldn't hold back any longer. He withdrew his fingers,lowered his hips, and slid his entire length into her.

"It hurts!"

Frederick was so large that Charlotte had to adjust every time they made love.

Frederick moved gently, kissing her chest tenderly, probing a bit. Only after sensing the increase in her natural lubrication did he allow himself to move more freely.

His breathing was heavy, and soft moans escaped from Charlotte's mouth.

Charlotte was completely immersed, matching Frederick's movements,but his fierce thrusts were still too much for her.

Frederick looked down at her, seeing that Charlotte was still holding back her voice, and began to thrust even harder. "Relax,don't hold back."

Charlotte seemed encouraged, her voice gradually freeing, her whole being swept into a climax.

Wave after wave of pleasure shattered her reason!

Meanwhile, downstairs, Serena angrily threw her phone.

The phone screen displayed the monitoring software, and the earphones were playing the intense sounds from the upstairs bedroom in real-time.

"Damn it!"

"Bitch! They're all bitches!!"

Frederick found all sorts of excuses not to make love with her, but turned around and had such intense sex with Charlotte.


Previously staying in Charlotte's room, Serena had secretly hidden a listening device within the leather upholstery of the headboard.

Today,when Serena heard footsteps going upstairs, she suspected it was Frederick coming to Charlotte.

Unexpectedly, she caught them red-handed!

At first, the sounds were so muffled that Serena couldn't hear clearly. She could only tell they were talking but couldn't make out the words When Serena could finally hear clearly, it was the unmistakable sounds of them making love. She thought,'Frederick had never shown such a wild side in front of me.It must be that bitch Charlotte! She must have seduced him on purpose! 'I can't just sit and do nothing. I need a plan to bring Charlotte down.'

'No, I should get rid of Charlotte entirely, make her disappear from this world.
The next day.

Charlotte was awakened by Frederick's kisses. When she opened her eyes,she found this annoying man teasing her.
"Go away!"

She tried to push Frederick, but she was too weak to move him.

So Charlotte said, "Aren't you supposed to be acting in front of her? If you stay here any longer,she might find out."
"Okay."

Frederick agreed verbally but still touched her a few more times before reluctantly getting up.

Frederick had just dressed and gone downstairs when he saw Serena busy in the kitchen.

Serena saw him too and immediately put on a gentle smile. "Frederick,good moning. Did you sleep well last night?"
 
"Not bad." Frederick answered nonchalantly, but Serena was secretly furious. He had sex with Charlotte three times last night! Serena was so angry that she broke her phone. "Come over quickly for breakfast; I made it myself.Please, have a taste."

"Thank you, but you can leáve such tasks to the servants in the future.You don't have to do it for me in person."
Frederick said this while looking at the blackened mess Serena had made.

This breakfast was so unappetizing just to look at.

"I'm not tired. Frederick. As long as you like it, it's not hard for me."


At this moment, Charlotte also walked into the kitchen. Seeing the mess on the plate, she couldn't help but laugh.
"The trash you made really isn't hard work."

"Charlotte! I'm talking to Frederick. This has nothing to do with you."

Serena's teeth itched with hatred when she saw Charlotte.

Looking closely,she could see the hickeys on Charlotte's neck.

Thinking of the sounds she overheard yesterday, Serena felt extremely uncomfortable.


Serena turned to Frederick and said, "Frederick, I have a prenatal checkup at the hospital today. Will you come with me?"

"Sure,I'll take you." Frederick was as gentle as ever. "I'll wait for you in the car. Come out when you're ready." He seemed to care about Serena's matters, but in reality, he just wanted to avoid eating Serena's dark cuisine. As soon as Frederick left, Serena turned to Charlotte and warned her harshly.
"Charlotte, don't assume that Frederick's temporary reluctance to divorce.you signifies any lingering affection. He is merely concerned about the company's stock and our child's safety. That's the only reason he hasn't made love to me; he doesn't want to hurt me. As for you, you're nothing more than a tool for his physical release."
Charlotte didn't want to take her words to heart.

After all, Frederick had already explained everything to her last night.

However, whenever she heard herself referred to as nothing more than a tool, her heart couldn't help but throb with pain.

Charlotte kept a cold face and walked out of the villa.

Frederick rolled down the car window. "Are you going to your company?I Il give you a ride."
###Chapter 58

Charlotte mulled over what Serena had just said. Even though she knew Serena was trying to stir up trouble between her and Frederick, it still got to her.

She walked right past Frederick's car without even glancing his way and hopped into the car the butler had ready for her.
Frederick's eyes narrowed. He thought Charlotte's reaction was a bit odd,but he decided not to dig into it.
After dropping Serena off at the hospital, he figured she'd cling to him for a while, given her usual behavior. But today, Serena was acting out of character.
"Frederick, I know you're super busy. Go ahead and take care of your stuff.I'll handle the check-up on my own."

Frederick was a bit taken aback but didn't argue.

"Alright, just grab a cab to get back after your check-up. I gotta go."

"Don't worry about me."

Serena flashed a sweet smile as she watched Frederick drive away.

Frederick started the car and, as he saw Serena's figure fade in the rearview mirror, he called up one of his guys."Keep a close eye on her. Note everyone she meets and everywhere she goes." "Yes,sir." At the hospital entrance, Serena stood still until Frederick's car was completely out of sight. Then she dropped the smile.
She flagged down a taxi and gave the driver an address for a villa out in the suburbs.
When she arrived, Serena got out, looked around carefully to make sure no one was tailing her, and then went inside the villa.
She headed straight for the dining table, turned a candlestick, and a staircase leading to the basement slowly appeared.
Looking at the dark stairs below, Serena felt a bit nervous but also excited.

She walked down step by step.

The further she went, the dimmer the light became. When she finally reached the basement, she saw a man standing in the center.
Serena swallowed hard and said in a pleading tone, "You finally agreed to see me. I've missed you so much."

"You useless fool, you haven't completed a single task I gave you."

The man's voice was smooth but ice-cold.

"Sir, Frederick is really cautious around me. I've tried several times to get into his study, but I haven't managed it."

Serena moved closer,wrapping herself around the man's arm. "Idiot." His voice was filled with impatience, "You still haven't gotten Frederick to divorce. Without exposing his affair, how can I move to the next step? Can 
you handle the consequences?"

"It's my fault. Please punish me."

Serena slowly unbuttoned her clothes, revealing her breasts.

In the dim light, Serena couldn't see his face clearly but still looked at him with longing.
"Slut, Frederick didn't satisfy you?"

The man's voice was slightly hoarse, his eyes filled with lust.

His large hand gripped.her neck tightly, and the intense feeling of suffocation made Serena even more intoxicated.
"Sir, he didn't touch me. I belong to you alone. Please, punish me."

Serena slowly knelt down, rubbing her nose against the man's crotch,teasing him deliberately.

"Oh? Then you must be really frustrated."

"Yes, sir. If I'm not pregnant soon, they'll figure it out. Please give me a child. Let Frederick think it's his. Wouldn't that be a thrill?"

Serena used her mouth to unzip his pants, and his thick penis slapped against her face.

"Want to bear my child? You're not worthy!" The man's voice was filled with anger.He grabbed Serena's hair forcefully and thrust his penis into her mouth. Serena tried her best to accommodate, fearing her teeth might hurt him. But the man's movements became increasingly rough. He thrust vgorously,manipulating Serena's mouth with wide, forceful strokes, each time reaching her throat. Even though Serena kept gagging,he showed no mercy.
His penis was too thick, and the thrusting made the corners of Serena's mouth bleed.
Blood mixed with cloudy fluids filledSerena's mouth, and then he pulled out his penis mercilessly.
Serena almost choked, wanting to spit out the fishy liquid in her mouth.

But the man covered her mouth, forcing her to swallow it.


Serena swallowed hard, then obediently used her tongue to clean his penis.

"Slut."


The man casually slapped her face, then wiped the liquid on his hand into Serena's hair.

"Thank you for your reward."

Serena licked her tongue, still unsatisfied.

"Does Frederick know how low you are?"

The man gripped her chin, staring into her eyes. "Sir, what should I do next? Although Frederick says he wants to divorce Charlotte, he hasn't taken any actionfor a long time. In fact, they seem more affectionate now than before they talked about divorce." Serena knew she couldn't solve this on her own. She had stayed by Frederick's side by following this man's instructions, so she believed that as long as he gave her advice, she could solve it.
Serena was completely submissive to this man, both physically and mentally.
"The divorce isn't urgent. But there's something interesting I can tell you."

The man slowly zipped up his pants, a playful smile on his lips.

"Sir,what's the interesting thing?"

"Charlotte is pregnant."

"What! That bitch is pregnant! How is that possible?"

Serena screamed,completely disregarding her attitude.

A crisp sound.

The man slapped her hard, his eyes narrowing dangerously. "Watch your tone, or next time it won't be just a slap."

"Sir, I'm sorry. I was wrong. I won't dare again."

Serena immediately knelt properly, not daring to show her true self anymore.


She cautiously asked, "But how did Charlotte get pregnant? Is it Frederick's child?" Serena was so dlistraught because she couldn't understand. Charlotte definitely didn't want a divorce. So if Charlotte was really pregnant with Frederick's child, how could she not use the child to bind Frederick and demand not to divorce?

"Of course,it's Frederick's."

The man flexed his wrist, his tone cold, "It's really funny. Someone desperately trying to hide her pregnancy is actually pregnant,while someone everyone thought was pregnant is actually not."
"It's my fault."

Serena lowered her head in shame,deeply reflecting on herself.

If it weren't for her incompetence, the man would have already gotten everything he wanted. How could he still need tohide just to meet her?
###Chapter 59

"You know what you gotta do. Your next mission is to get knocked up by Frederick ASAP. If you can't get pregnant soon, I don't mind having my guys take turns with you. They'll definitely get the job done."

The man's words were dripping with menace, and his tone was pure evil.

Serena shivered all over; she was genuinely terrified.

She still remembered the last woman who got gang-raped by those jerks.
When they carried her out, she was barely recognizable.

Serena thought, 'Sure, that might get her pregnant, but with her body wrecked like that, how could she carry the baby?

"Sir, I'll do my best. Please, just give me another chance."

Serena said,bowing her head to the ground, scared that if he got pissed, he'd have his men gang-rape her right then and there.

The man looked down at Serena, his eyes cold and heartless.

He lifted his foot and pressed it on Serena's head, grinding it with his shoe.
"Next time, I only want to hear about your success. Otherwise, it'll be even worse for you."

"Got it."

Serena buried her head even lower,too scared to say anyth ing else. Only then did the man move his foot away.'"Get out." Serena stayed in her crawling position, and even when she stood up,she was still hunched over. She left the basement in a mess, making sure to reset all the traps before leaving.
With tears glistening in her eyes, Serena wiped them away with her sleeve.After quickly tidying herself up, she hurriedly took a taxi back to Frederick's villa.

Sitting in the car,Serena couldn't stop trembling.

In her heart, she hated Charlotte even more.

She had tried so hard to seduce him without any luck, while Charlotte got pregnant with Frederick's child so easily.

Although she didn't know why Charlotte hadn't told Frederick about the pregnancy, since she knew about it, she would make sure Charlotte could never speak of it.


Charlotte had just tried out a new mix ofher perfume when she sneezed hard.


"Charlotte,did you smell something strong?"

Taylor looked at her with concern.

She had been telling Charlotte not to overdo it, not wanting her to push herself too hard. Pregnant women were natually sensitive to smells, and Charlotte was still working on new perfumes during her pregnancy, which was really pushing it. "No, the stuff I used just now was fine, but I don't know why I sneezed.Maybe I caught a bit of a cold yesterday." Charlotte said casually.

But in her heart, she blamed Frederick.

If she really had a cold, it must be because Frederick had kept her up making love until midnight last night.

"Caught a chill? Should I take you to the hospital? But I remember Jasper saying there are a lot of meds pregnant women can't take, so they have to tough it out. It's so unfair, all for the sake of the baby."

Charlotte reached out to touch her belly.

A gentle smile spread across her face,radiating that maternal glow."Before I became a mom, I didn't think much of it, but now that I have a child, I get it. A lot of times, a kid isn't a burden to the mother; he's her armor. Since having a child, I feel like a whole new person, and I've got the courage to do so many things."

Taylor was at a loss for words.

The word "mother" was probably hard to associate with someone like her.After all, people still mistook her for a guy when she went out.

Sometimes, even when she video-called her mom, her mom couldn't tell her apart from Jasper.

So Taylor really couldn't grasp the kind of maternal love that Charlotte was radiating.

"You'll get it when you have a kid." Charlotte didn't push her to understand her feelings. Taylor stepped forward and gently touched Charlotte's belly. "Hey baby,if you have any sense, don't give your moma hard time. Otherwise,when you're born, I'll spank your little butt."

"Stop saying stuff like that to my baby. I'm already thinking about how to prep for prenatal education. I don't know if I should go with modern music or classical."


Charlotte's eyes were full of dreams for the future.

Taylor rolled her eyes. "Are you serious? This baby is just a tiny embryo now. Are you sure he can tell the difference between modern and classical music?"

"You don't get it; this stuff needs to be instilled early. If we wait,my baby will be left behind at the starting line."

Charlotte was more convinced than ever.

Taylor,exasperated, unbuttoned her lab coat. "I can't take it anymore.I'm outta here. Besides, I don't know squat about perfumes."

"Okay."

Charlotte waved her off.

As soon as she entered the lab and started working on her favorite experiments, she felt super happy.

Taylor was about to leave but suddenly turned back. "By the way, Charlotte, are you free tonight? Jasper wants to invite you to dinner to thank you." "Jasper wants to invite me?" Charlotte was a bit puzzled. What did Jasper have to thank her for? If anything, she should be thanking him.

So Charlotte said, "Get in touch with Jasper. I'll treattonight. I just made some new perfume, and I want Jasper to check it out. Besides, last time we went out to eat, we were supposed to welcome him, but he ended up paying. Tell Jasper that no matter what, I have to treat this time."

"Okay, I'll pass on the message. As long as I don't have to pay,it's fine."

Taylor smiled and tilted her head at Charlotte, then turned and left the lab.

Charlotte shook her head. She thought Taylor had gotten over her stinginess, but it turned out that even now, as the owner of a company,Taylor was still so cheap.


This made her question herself, wondering if she was giving Taylor too small a share.

Evening.

The basic formula for the anti-nausea perfume was ready.

Although the formula hadn't been thoroughly tested and refined, the basic framework was there. The next steps would involve testing and adjusting the proportions.

When Charlotte came out of the lab, she had already washed up and changed clothes, but she still carried a faint fragrance.

Taylor had already finished her work and was waiting at the lab door. Seeing Charlotte come out, she immediately stepped forward to massage her shoulders."Charlotte, you must be tired. How's it going?"
###Chapter 60

Charlotte was loving her massage,a sweet smile on her face.

"We're almost done here, but the real effects and details will take a bit.When we see Jasper later, I'll ask him to check it out and give me some tips."
"Cool, let's head out. Jasper's already waiting at the restaurant."

Taylor wheeled Charlotte out of the company.

Just as they were about to hop in the car, a business car came speeding towards them.

"Mrs. Percy! You need to come with me,now!"

Ryan jumped out of the car,looking super stressed.

Taylor didn't know him. She stepped up, shielding Charlotte,"Who are you? Back off, or you'll regret it!"

"Taylor, it's fine. He's my butler."

Charlotte reassured Taylor, then turned to Ryan, "What's going on? Why are you freaking out?"

"Mrs. Percy, Mr. Percy got hurt in an explosion. He's in bad shape and they're trying to save him at the hospital. Before he passed out, he made us promise not to tell Mrs. Anouk Percy or the Percy Family." "What?" Charlotte was in total shock, unable to process what she just heard. She hoped she had misheard.

Her voice shook as she urgently asked, "Why didn't you call me? Let's go now."
"Mrs. Percy, your phone was off. If I didn't know your schedule,I wouldn't have found you so fast."
Charlotte realized her phone had died.

"Let's go, we can talk on the way."

Charlotte headed to the car, apologizing to Taylor, "Sorry, I need to check on Frederick. Please tell Jasper, and I'll make it up to you both with dinner another day."
Taylor forced a smile, "Okay, you go ahead."

Honestly, Taylor didn't wwant Charlotte to get involved with Frederick.They were about to divorce, so whether he lived or died shouldn't matter to Charlotte.

But seeing the worry on Charlotte's face, Taylor couldn't say it.

Charlotte and Ryan got in the car, which sped off like a bullet.

"What exactly happened to him?"

Charlotte felt a chill in her hands and feet that wouldn't go away,no matter how much she rubbed them. "I'm not sure. The guys who were with Mr. Percy said he went to the outskirts for some reason and got ambushed. When the explosion happened, Mr. Percy reacted the fastest, so he got the least hurt. The others were badly injured and might need amputations." 
"Amputations?"

Charlotte gasped. "Where did they go, and why was there an explosion?"

"I don't know the details. We'll only know when Mr. Percy wakes up."

Charlotte pressed her lips together, knowing Ryan was right. They'd have to wait for Frederick to wake up since he was the least injured.

But her heart was still in turmnoil, unable to calm down.

At the hospital, Charlotte was immediately asked to sign a consent form for emergency surgery.

As she inscribed her name, a wave of sadness hit her.

No matter what had gone down between them, at this critical moment, she was still the closest person to Frederick besides his family.

After waiting for what felt like forever, Charlotte's mind was a mess.

On one hand, she knew Frederick didn't want to worry Anouk by telling her. But What if something really bad happened to him?

While Charlotte was lost in thought, the doctor came out.


"Who's Frederick's family member?"

"I'm his wife." Charlotte stepped forward right away. Her legs were numb from sitting so long, and she almost stumbled as she stood up. The doctor caught her and spoke gently, "Don't worry too much. Frederick's not in life-threatening condition. But he won't be able to walk for a while, and the other injuries are just superficial. He'll be moved to a regular ward soon. We haven't found any neurological damage, but we can only be sure when he wakes up."
"Thank you so much."

Charlotte felt a bitrelieved hearing the first part, but the latter part made her tense again.
Sometimes, people with minor external injuries might have internal damage,especially neurological damage, which might not be visible but could be serious.

When Frederick was wheeled out of the operating room by the nurse,Charlotte saw him and immediately burst into tears.

Frederick was covered with a blanket, hiding his injuries, but his exposed shoulders and neck were full of wounds, and even his face had various abrasions.

The wounds had been disinfected and cleaned, and the deeper ones had been stitched, but they still looked terrifying.

Charlotte couldn't help but reach out and hold his hand, feeling as if her heart was being gnawed by tiny insects.

Why did Frederick suddenly go to the outskirts?

And how could he be so careless to get injured like this? After Frederick was taken to the VIP ward on the top floor of the hospital,Ryan directed someone to place Frederick on the bed and then asked them to leave,giving Charlotte some time alone. Charlotte sat by the bed, looking at the still unconscious Frederick,and found herself unable to resent him anymore.
The door to the ward was flung open, and Serena tried to rush in but was held back by Ryan and others.

"Charlotte! Let them go! Or you'lI be in trouble when Frederick wakes up!"

Charlotte frowned, not wanting her to continue making a scene at the door.

So Charlotte said, "Let her in."

Serena immediately broke free and rushed to Frederick's side,tears streaming down her face.

"Frederick! How could you be so badly injured? Oh my God, if you were to die, I certainly wouldn't go on living either."

"Stop pretending."

Charlotte looked at her with disdain, finding her noisy.

Serena turned to Charlotte, glaring angrily. "What? You can show concern for Frederick,why can't I?"

Charlotte looked at Serena speechlessly, her worry and sadness slightly alleviated. She said calmly, "He's still under general anesthesia and hasn't woken up.He can't see your act. There's no need to put on a show in front of me.Aren't you tired?" 
###Chapter 61

Serena didn't expect Charlotte to be so chill, but she had a point; no need to put on a show in front of her.
Serena plopped down in a chair, crossing her arms with a smug look. "So,how did Frederick get hurt? Got anything to do with you?"
"No comment."

Charlotte wasn't in the mood to chat. She glanced at the still-unconscious Frederick and really didn't feel like arguing with Serena.

Charlotte noticed Serena's lips were swollen and cracked, even though they hadn't seen each other for just a day. 'What has she been up to?

Serena covered her mouth and snapped at Charlotte, "If you don't spill,I'll tell the Percy Family.Let's see how you explain it to them!"

"Do you dare?"

Charlotte shot her a fierce look.

Even though Charlotte hadn't mingled much with outsiders, she'd been to enough social events with Frederick to pick up some of his intimidating vibes.

"You! Don't think I won't! Ryan,get in here!"

Serena yelled, and when Ryan came in, she asked, "Is Frederick's injury because of this bitch?"

On the way over, Serena had heard from a servant that Frederick didn't want the Percy Estate to know about his injury.
So,she figured it might have something to do with Charlotte.

She tested Charlotte, and it was clear Charlotte didn't want her to contact the Percy Family. Could it really be Charlotte's doing?

If so,that would be perfect.

If the Percy Family knew Charlotte was the reason Frederick got hurt, they'd definitely push for a divorce. Even Anouk couldn't stop it!

Ryan didn't know what Serena was up to, but he shared what he knew."Mr. Percy went to a villa in the suburbs and got hurt in an explosion. The cause is still under investigation."

"A villa in the suburbs?"

Serena's face twisted at that.

Charlotte noticed Serena's weird reaction.

For some reason, she felt like Serena knew something.

"Was it in the western suburbs?"

"Yeah, how'd you know?" Ryan was surprised.

"I guessed! I gotta go out for a bit!"

Serena was shocked and made an excuse to leave.

'No way! How could it be such a coincidence?' She had just been to that secret base to meet that guy today, and then Frederick got hurt there. How could it not be related? She needed to find a place to call him and confirm. In the ward.

Charlotte watched Serena leave in a hurry and sensed something was up.

"Go find out where Serena went today. I think she knows something."

Not just because Serena was acting weird, but also because Frederick had mentioned he was investigating her last night.

Charlotte's mind was racing.

She never thought asking Frederick to look into the Aphrodisiac Perfume would lead to this.


She didn't know who the other party was, but the fact they used explosives so recklessly was terrifying.

Ryan got the order and left.

Charlotte's mind was racing, and she couIdn't sit still: She went to the bathroom,got some warm water, and carefully wiped away the dried blood from Frederick,avoiding his wounds.

She lifted the blanket to check his injuries. Besides his right leg, which was bandaged like a mummy, there weren't any obvious injuries on his lower body.

Charlotte even gently pulled down his underwear to check his penis,making sure it was okay before quietly putting it back.After all that, she covered him with the blanket again and wiped the sweat from her forehead. 'Why am I feeling guilty? There was no one else in the room, and no one saw her actions.

Even if someone did see, so what? They were married. It was perfectly reasonable for her to check his penis.
Charlotte spent a long time convincing herself, but her face still felt hot.

At this moment, she couldn't even look directly at Frederick, even though he was still unconscious.
"Ryan, you stay here and take care of him. I'm going back to make some porridge. The doctor said he'd wake up when the anesthesia wore off, and it would be just in time for him to eat."

Charlotte said as she got ready to leave.

"Mrs. Percy, let someone else do that. You've had a long day."

"It's fine. Frederick likes the porridge I make."

Charlotte said and then left.

Back when Frederick called and asked her to make porridge for Serena,she refused without a second thought. She thought they would divorce soon and she would never make porridge for him again. But unexpectedly,they still hadn't divorced.


"Okay."

Ryan respectfully saw Charlotte off. But before Ryan could enter the ward, he saw Serena return.Serena peeked into the ward. "Has Charlotte left?" Yes."

Ryan lowered his eyes,showing no expression, but still answered seriously.

"Alright, I know. You guys stay outside, I'll take care of Frederick."

"But..."


"But what? I'm Frederick's future wife. Ryan, you'd better know your place and not let me find out that your heart is on Charlotte's side. Otherwise,when I marry Frederick, you'll be the first to be fired!"

Serena arrogantly glared at Ryan and then walked into the ward.

As soon as she closed the door, Serena nervously checked if Frederick had woken up.

Serena called that man, but the call didn't go through. However, she already had an answer in her heart.

Frederick's injury was most likely caused by that man.

But he had clearly said that he wanted to bring Frederick down, not kill him.
'Had Frederick really discovered my secret? If he had, will I still have a way out?
The more Serena thought about it, the colder her back felt. Her hands, adorned with delicate manicures, unconsciously reached for Frederick's neck. Although that man didn't want Frederick to die easily, saying he enjoyed the cat-and-mouse game more, if Frederick really discovered that she was working for that man, he would probably kill her as soon as he woke up.

Instead of being killed, I can strike first!'

Serena gripped Frederick's neck, and just as she was about to exert force.
Frederick suddenly opened his eyes.
###Chapter 62

Serena was already feeling guilty, and now, staring into Frederick's cold eyes, she freaked out and took a few steps back.

Frederick had just opened his eyes, looking a bit confused. Once he realized he was in a hospital, he snapped back to reality.

"What were you doing just now?" His voice was raspy.

He remembered Serena's hands on his neck. Was she trying to strangle him?


"I was giving you a massage. You've been lying downfor so long,you must be sore, right?" Serena admitted she was a bit flustered at first, but then she calmed down.

Her eyes were filled with emotion. "I've been in this position for a few years, so I know how it feels. That's why I wanted to avoid your wounds and help you relax a bit."

"Really?" Frederick looked at her, trying to figure her out.

He'd faced a lot of danger in his life, so he had a knack for sensing murderous intent. Even though he hadn't opened his eyes just now, he could tell Serena had some dark thoughtstowards him.
"Of course it's true, Frederick. As soon as I heard, I rushed over.I've been taking care of you, but I was so scared. I was really afraid you'd end up like me five years ago,in a coma."

As Serena spoke, tears streamed down her face.

Frederick looked at her pitiful expression and frowned slightly. He had regained some consciousness earlier but couldn't fully wake up.However, he remembered someone carefully wiping his body, especially the special care given to his private parts, which left a deep impression on him.

Frederick's voice softened a bit. "Thank you for your hard work.Once I recover,let's get married."


"But you haven't divorced Charlotte yet. Didn't you say a divorce would affect the stock market?" Serena said, still crying.

She felt Frederick was acting strange. After waking up, he didn't question her about anything or mention his wounds. Instead, he wanted to marry her? This was too unusual.

Frederick frowned deeply and asked incredulously, "I haven't divorced her yet? How is that possible?"

"What? Frederick, did you hurt your head? It's been almost a month since you said you were going to divorce her." Serena was shocked but also felt a surge of joy in her heart.

Frederick had lost his memory due to the explosion? Isn't this a sign that even God was helping her?

"What is today's date?"

"August 29th."
"In my memory, today should be August 6th. What happened to me?"Frederick looked serious. How could he lose twenty days of memory for no reason? "Frederick, can you remember anything now? Do you know where you got injured?" Serena asked tentatively.

Frederick's eyes showed some confusion. "No, how did I get injured?Whenever I try to remember, my head hurts. It's like those twenty days of memory are covered in fog, and I can't see clearly."

Serena was overjoyed! She tried hard to suppress her smile and hugged Frederick.

She comforted him. "If you can't remember, don't try to. Don't force yourself,or your head will hurt, and I'll feel heartbroken."

"Okay." Frederick let Serena hug him. Their bodies were very close,looking particularly intimate.


Just then, Charlotte, holding a thermos, opened the door and saw this scene.

Her hand slipped, and the thermos hit the ground with a loud crash.

Serena jumped but didn't move away. Instead,she snuggled closer into Frederick's armns.

"What are you doing?" Charlotte's voice was sharp, her eyes wide with shock. Frederick's gaze turned icy as he looked at her, "Where have you been?How dare you ask me? As my wife, you weren't here to take care of me,and you still have the nerve to question me? Don't think that just because Grandma supports you, I won't divorce you. Once I recover, we're getting divorced immediately." Charlotte was stunned, staring at Frederick in disbelief. All her efforts felt like they had been for nothing.Just last night, Frederick had been so close to her, talking about investigating Serena's secrets. How could he wake up and forget everything?

"Do you remember what you said last night?" Charlotte asked,her voice trembling.

Frederick replied bluntly, "I only remember bringing the divorce papers to you last night. Other than that, I don't remember anything."

"What? You don't remember anything?" Charlotte felt like she was suffocating. She couldn't believe it.

Serena,still nestled against Frederick, laughed. "Didn't you hear? Frederick doesn't remember anything after asking you for a divorce. So, no matter what tricks you play, you can't delay it any longer."

Charlotte's body shook, and tears streamed down her face. She looked at Frederick with a mix of anger and heartbreak. "You'don't remember anything from last night?"

"Yes, and there's no need to remember. You just need to know that once I recover,we're getting divorced immediately. Now,leave."

Frederick's words were cold and cutting.

Charlotte felt a chill'run through her. She had just decided to forgive him temporarily because of his injury, but now everything had changed.The cold, indifferent Frederick in front of her felt like a stranger. If this was the Frederick she had to deal with, she would leave him without hesitation. Charlotte looked at the two of them on the hospital bed, her tone dripping with sarcasm. "No need to drive me away. Seeing you like this makes me sick. But since you only remember bringing the divorce papers to me.Frederick, did you tell Serena that you had two sets of papers,and one of them was to keep me as your mistress after the divorce?"
"Charlotte!" Frederick's voice was deep and angry, but he couldn't stop her.

Charlotte raised her eyebrows at him, defiant. Earlier,while making porridge, she had been imagining their future together, thinking about how to help him recover. But now, facing this version of him, she only wanted him to suffer.

"Frederick,what does she mean? Do you still want to be with her after marrying me?" Serena's voice was sharp, demanding an explanation.

Frederick couldn't deny it. He looked at Charlotte with fury in his eyes."Why did you have to say that?"

Charlotte wiped her tears away. "Are you afraid to admit what you did?"

With that, she walked out gracefully, without a hint of hesitation.

Frederick watched her leave, a frown on his face, clutching his chest. For some reason,seeing Charlotte walk away felt like his heart was being torn apart. The pain was excruciating.
###Chapter 63

After Charlotte left, Serena turned her head to look at Frederick.

With tears in her eyes, she asked incredulously, "Frederick, is what she said true? Are you planning to get entangled with her even after marrying me?"

Frederick was very confused and wanted to quickly figure out what had happened during the period of memory he had lost.

Why did his heart ache so much when he saw Charlotte leave heartbroken?

"Answer me please!"

Serena was very persistent, clinging to him and demanding an answer from Frederick.

"Don't misunderstand. I was considering that she would have no source of income after divorce, so I was willing to provide her with some property.After all, we were married for five years, and if Grandma knew I didn't handle my divorce properly, she would come after us."
Frederick explained calmly, realizing that hefelt a bit impatient when facing Serena.
This feeling made Frederick even more puzzled; he didn't understand what he had gone through before. "Frederick, Grandma did give me a lot of trouble because of Charlotte. I feel wronged. If you don't care about me either, I don't want to live anymore." Serena triedto throw herself into Frederick's arms, but he stopped her with his hand.

"What's wrong? Are you disgusted with me?" Serena looked up at him in confusion.
Could Frederick be pretending all along?

Frederick pursed his lips, thought for a moment, and decided to follow his heart.

He explained, "It's late, you should go rest. I have injuries,and with you in my embrace will pull on the wounds, which is not good for my recovery.
"

"I didn't consider that, I'm sorry, Frederick, I misunderstood you."

Serena pouted, her voice sickeningly sweet.

Frederick nodded and instructed Ryan to personally send Serena out. It was then that he realized Serena had already moved into the house he shared with Charlotte.


This feeling of things being out of control made Frederick uneasy.

When he was alone in the hospital room, Frederick called his friend Gavin.

It didn't take long for Gavin to rush over.

"My God! How did you get hurt like this?! What happened?!" Gavin was so shocked that he almost tripped over the thermos on the floor as he entered the room. "Who the hell left this thermos here? Trying to kill me or what?" Frederick's eyes instantly turned cold.

Looking at the thermos that had been kicked away, he said in a cold voice,"Apologize, or get out."

"Apologize? To whom? The thermos?"

Gavin was very shocked.

Although he didn't understand, he respected Frederick's wishes. He picked up the thermos and loudly said, "Sorry, thermos, I'm very sorry for kicking you!"

After that,Gavin respectfully placed the thermos on the bedside table and said, "Why did you call me over so urgently? I was at the bar with a beauty. By the way, I found out about Charlotte looking for a gigolo at the bar last time. They were just drinking, nothing happened, don't worry."

"What gigolo at the bar? Who are you talking about?"

Frederick caught the key point, frowning deeply.

Gavin was startled by his gaze and tentatively said, "It was the time I saw Charlotte drinking at the bar and called you over. Did you forget?" "Tell me everything from the beginning." "That night..."Gavin recounted the events of that night, and the more he spoke, the darker Frederick's expression became. "Is this why you called me over? This happened a long time ago, and you told me yesterday that you didn't plan to divorce Charlotte and even asked me to help buy a gift for her. Did you fight with Charlotte?" "I told you I didn't plan to divorce Charlotte?"

Frederick was even more confused.

Since knowing Serena was pregnant, he had considered countless options but ultimately decided to divorce Charlotte. It was the method he thought would minimize the risk after careful consideration.

But why had his mind changed in just over twenty dlays?

Frederick calmly explained to Gavin about losing his recent memory after waking up. He was calm, but Gavin jumped up in shock.

"You lost your memory? Seriously? Do you still remember who I am? My God,amnesia is real, it's amazing."

"If you keep making noise, get out."

Frederick was getting a headache from the noise.

Gavin couldn't calm down and went out to find a doctor.

The doctor came in, examined Frederick, and asked him a few questions before concluding.
"The impact from the explosion could have damaged some of his nerves.Losing part of your memory is not uncommon."
Frederick frowned. "Will the lost memory never come back?" "I told you I didn't plan to divorce Charlotte?"

Frederick was even more confused.

Since knowing Serena was pregnant, he had considered countless options but ultimately decided to divorce Charlotte. It was the method he thought would minimize the risk after careful consideration.

But why had his mind changed in just over twenty dlays?

Frederick calmly explained to Gavin about losing his recent memory after waking up. He was calm, but Gavin jumped up in shock.

"You lost your memory? Seriously? Do you still remember who I am? My God,amnesia is real, it's amazing."

"If you keep making noise, get out."

Frederick was getting a headache from the noise.

Gavin couldn't calm down and went out to find a doctor.

The doctor came in, examined Frederick, and asked him a few questions before concluding.
"The impact from the explosion could have damaged some of his nerves.Losing part of your memory is not uncommon."
Frederick frowned. "Will the lost memory never come back?" "With current medical technology, it's not possible, but you should stay calm. Your injuries are not severe, and this kind of amnesia is likely temporary a stress response. If you cooperate with treatment, you might recover in time,"

   "Okay,thank you,doctor."

After thanking the doctor and seeing him off, Gavin finally believed that Frederick had really lost his memory.
Gavin leaned in and asked, "Frederick, what are you planning to do? Even if you lost this part of your memory, you told me yesterday that you didn't plan to divorce Charlotte. We've known each other since we were kids,and I could tell from your tone that you liked her."
"I like her?"

Frederick frowned at him. "Don't make things up just because I lost my memory."

"It's true! Even though you usually act cold,when you like someone,you always do things for them, and you mention their name a lot. You don't even realize that during that period, almost every time we talked,whether it was business or personal, you never stopped mentioning Charlotte.Doesn't that prove something?"


Gavin was a bit anxious.

He really didn't want Frederick to make a decision he would regret because of this lost memory.

Frederick pondered for a moment and said, "Find out everything I've done recently and send it to me." He couldn't understand why he would change his mind in such a short time,but he trusted Gavin, which was why he sought him out here. "Why don't you ask your secretary to do this? Do you really think I'm your employee?" Gavin complained loudly to express his dissatisfaction, "If I could get out of bed, would I need to call you?"
Frederick rolled his eyes, his gaze fierce,exuding a low-pressure aura.
###Chapter 64

Gavin was intimidated by his gaze but still asked. "Do you want me to bring Charlotte to you now? From what I heard,you upset her just now."
Frederick didn't speak, his eyes falling on the thermos.

He reached out and opened the thermos, the familiar aroma wafting through the air,stirring his appetite.
Frederick drank the porridge slowly, neither agreeing nor disagreeing.

"Frederick, don't you plan to explain? If Charlotte is heartbroken by you and leaves, you'll regret it. And I have to tell you,you mentioned yesterday that you were investigating Serena. You didn't give me the details, but those who knew the inside story are more injured than you. Is there a connection?"

Gavin rarely got serious, and his tone was very stem.

He couldn't help but think more. Yesterday. Fredenick said he was investigating Serena, and today, everyone who knew the details was injured. The least injured. Frederick, lost his memory, and the others are still in danger.


"What could be wrong with Serena? She became a vegetable to save me and just woke up not long agro."

Frederick frowned in displeasure, unwilling to discuss Serena. "Maybe I'm overthinking."   Gavin felt a bit deflated and asked before leaving."Are you sure you don't want me to find Charlotte and bring her here so you two can talk?" Frederick remained silent, just drinking his porridge.

Gavin sighed inwardly, understanding, and went downstairs to drive to Frederick and Charlotte's house.
He knew Frederick well. When he asked if he should bring Charlotte,Frederick didn't explicitly say no, which meant yes.
'Frederick is a stubborn man.

Gavin grumbled all the way. When he arrived at the villa, he didn't see Frederick but saw Serena instead.

Serena saw him too, and a look of disgust flashed in her eyes.


"What are you doing here? Did Frederick ask you to pick mne up? No need,I'll have Ryan take me. You can leave!"


Serena immediately tried to send him away.

Serena had a strong dislike for Gavin. Since she met Frederick, Gavin always opposed whatever she did, which made Serena dislike him,

Whenever Frederick wanted to meet Gavin, she would interfere.

Seeing his face again after five years, Serena still felt repulsed. Gavin's face darkenéd, and he sneered, "Who said I came for you? Don't be so shameless. This villa was a wedding gift from Frederick's grandmother to him and Charlotte. I am here, of course, to see Charlotte.What does it have to do with you?" "Gavin! Are you looking for trouble?" Serena glared at him, "Are you so close to Charlotte because you had an affair with her?"

At that moment, a female voice came from upstairs.

"Serena,try spreading rumors again."

Charlotte appeared at the top of the stairs, her presence intimidating Serena into silence.

"Mrs.Percy."

Gavin called out, smiling brightly at Charlotte, but only received a cold look in return.


Charlotte looked down at him from upstairs, her voice cold, "I don't like that title."

Since returning,Charlotte had been packing her things, reminding herself not to covet anything that wasn't hers. She consideredFrederick's previous tenderness as her fantasy.

She was just waiting for Frederick to recover so she could divorce him. No matter what happened, she wouldn't believe him again.
"Then I'll call you Charlotte. I have something to discuss wvith you. Can I come upstairs?"
Gavin wanted to explain Frederick's current situation to Charlotte. He wanted to clear up any misunderstandings Charlotte might have about Frederick. Although Frederick did say some hurtful words to her in the hospital, because he had lost some of his memory. Clearing up the misunderstanding could resolve things. "Say it here." Charlotte intended to leave. She didn't want to see anyone related to Frederick.
But she remembered the time she got drunk at a bar. If Gavin hadn't seen her, she might have ended up with a stranger, endangering her unborn child.

Thinking of this, Charlotte decided to listen but wouldn't let him in alone.

Serena could fabricate stories even when there was nothing. If they were alone,she would accuse them of something.

Gavin looked at Charlotte, then at Serena, feeling helpless.

He said, "Can you come with me now? Frederick's situation isn't good.You two are still married. If there's a misunderstanding, it needs to be resolved. Frederick has a bad temper and doesn't let others touch him."

Gavin tried to make Frederick seem pitiful, hoping to gain Charlotte's sympathy.

"He only thinks of me when he needs someone to take care of him?"

Charlotte sneered, pointing at Serena. "Let her go. They're so in love.Frederick has already said he wants a divorce. I don't want to see him now."

"No, it's not like that!" Gavin was so anxious that he scratched his head. He wanted to tell Charlotte that Frederick's reaction had a reason, but with Serena there, he couldn't say it. What if it alerted her? "If it's not like that, then what? If you don't say,leave." Charlotte's patience was running out, seeing Gavin's hesitation. Serena, however, sensed what Gavin wanted to say.

Gavin must have discovered Frederick's memory loss and wanted to mediate.

Serena's eyes narrowed, a cold light flashing.

She stepped forward, smiling. "Frederick needs care? Hle was just worried about my health and had Ryan bring me back to rest. But if he needs me,I'll go to the hospital with you, Gavin."

Gavin glared at her and thought, 'I'm trying to persuade Charlotte, so why is Serena interfering?
###Chapter 65

Gavin had always disliked Serena, not for any particular réason, but because his sixth sense told him that Serena was not as simple and innocent as she appeared. Therefore, he never showed her a pleasant face.
Gavin looked at Charlotte, almost pleading, "Please come with me.Frederick really can't do without you. Just be kind and help me out,okay?Didn't I help you once before?"

"Alright."

Charlotte replied impatiently. "I'll go with you."


She agreed to Gavin partly because she did owe him a favor, and partly because she wanted to know what secret Gavin was hiding when he hesitated to speak earlier.

Especially on her way back, she was puzzled by Frederick's sudden change in attitude after waking up, which was really baffling.

"Great! Let's go now!"

Gavin breathed a sigh of relief.

After Charlotte went downstairs, they were ready to leave, but Serena followed them. "I'm going too! I am uneasy with you taking Charlotte out so late at night."Serena also got into the car. "I'm going too! I am uneasy with you taking Charlotte out so late at night."Serena also got into the car. being so brazen! Get out of the car!"

Gavin couldn't believe Serena was so shameless, haunting them like a ghost.
What Gavin regretted even more was not driving his two-seater sports car today. If he had, Serena would have had to run after the car if she wanted to follow.


"I'm not getting out! Why should I? Frederick is my fiancé now,everyone knows that. You have no right to make me leave!"

Serena clung to the door handle, refusing to get out.

"Enough! Drive!"

Charlotte shouted.

She hadn't eaten dinner and was already feeling uncomfortable from hunger. The argument between the two only made her more annoyed.

Gavin immediately shut up, not daring to say another word.

He drove towards the hospital in an eerie silence.

When they arrived at the hospital room, Gavin wanted to be the first to go in and inform Frederick that both women had come.

But as soon as the door opened, Serena squeezed in first. She threw herself in front of Frederick, her expression full of concern."Frederick, if you needed someone to take care of you, you should have told me. Why did you call Charlotte? Do you think I'm clumsy and can't take good care of you?" Frederick frowned slightly.

For some reason, he felt a bit disappointed when he saw that it was Serena and not Charlotte who had come.

Suppressing his strange feelings, Frederick said gently, "You're pregnant,you can't stay up late. She's used to taking care of me."

Frederick was thinking of how Charlotte meticulously took care of him when he came home from social events. Just thinking about it made him feel warm inside.


But to Charlotte, his words were very harsh.

What did Frederick take her for?

A servant to take care of him?

He cared about Serena being pregnant and not wanting her to stay up late,but what about her? Wasn't her health important too?

Charlotte increasingly felt that not informing Frederick about her pregnancy had been an exceptionally wise decision.

Frederick's previous behavior almost deceived her, making her nearly believe him and almost reveal her pregnancy.

But not anymore, she would never be fooled by him again! Gavin quickly coughed twice, signaling Frederick to look at Charlotte behind him. Frederick looked up and saw Charlotte standing behind Gavin.Seeing Charlotte, Frederick felt a ripple in his heart. Charlotte was wearing a plain white loose cotton and linen dress. The loose dress hid her curvy figure but revealed her smooth and delicate shoulders. Her thick long hair was loosely braided into a side braid,making her look fresh and pure.

Seeing Frederick staring at Charlotte, Serena felt a surge of hatred.

'That bitch Charlotte!

She had been ready to rest at home, but Charlotte even dressed up to seduce Frederick!


Serena said unkindly, "I'm enough here. You two can leave. Frederick is seriously injured, I don't trust anyone else."

Gavin couldn't help but expose her. "If you didn't trust anyone else, why did you leave earlier?"

'Serena is so hypocritical!

"Shut up! No one thinks you're mute!"

Serena was almost driven mad by Gavin.

Gavin wasn't afraid of her at all. "What are you staying for? What if Frederick needs to go to the bathroom? Can you help him? You're not here to take care of him, you're here to molest him!"

"You!"
 Serena's face twisted in anger, but remembering Frederick was still there,she suppressed her anger and leaned weakly against Frederick. "Frederick,I know Gavin has never liked me, but I just want to stay and take care of you.Is that so wrong?" No matter what, she couldn't let Charlotte stay.

Frederick didn't respond for a long time, making Serena anxious.

Serena looked at Charlotte warily. "You don't want to stay, right? If Gavin hadn't begged you to come,you wouldn't have come,right?"
Charlotte's expression remained indifferent, neither confirming nor denying.giving no reaction at all.
But Frederick's face darkened at her words.

'Charlotte didn't want to come take care of me? How could that be? Before,no matter how late I came back from social events, Charlotte would always take care of me without complaint and make porridge for me the next day.'

'Charlotte loves me so much, how could she not want to come? I just drank the porridge she made for me, why did she suddenly change her attitude?'


Frederick asked in a deep voice, "Charlotte, is what Serena said true? Are you so unwilling to take care of me?"

Hearing him call Serena so intimately, Charlotte's last bit of hope disappeared.

Charlotte's voice was cold, "Yes, if it weren't Gavin, I wouldn't have come at all. Now you don't need me, right? I'll leave now."

Serena breathed a sigh of relief. But Frederick shouted, "I had never asked you to leave! You stay."Charlotte had already lifted her foot to leave but stopped abruptly at his words. 
She looked at Frederick coldly. "Are you playing with me? There's already someone willing to take care of you, why do you insist on me staying? If you want a divorce, I can go with you anytime, but please stop this borng game!"


Giving him tenderness and hope, again and again, only to turn his back on her!

She couldn't afford Frederick's love!
###Chapter 66

Gavin saw that the situation was getting out of hand and immediately stepped in to mediate.
"Charlotte, don't get so furious. Frederick didn't mean it that way. Don't misunderstand him. If you give him a chance to explain, I'm sure you two can resolve this."

Charlotte sneered and looked at Gavin. "You asked me to come here,so I came. But I think there's no point in continuing this conversation any further."

Serena quickly chimed in, "Exactly, I said at home that I could take care of Frederick. There's no need for outsiders to interfere. Right,Frederick?"

Frederick's amnesia was a stroke of luck for Serena. If she could successfully get Charlotte and Frederick to divorce, her first task would be complete.


"Serena, you go back. Let her stay," Frederick said, deciding to let Charlotte stay.

"Why? Are you worried I can't take care of you?" Serena's big eyes immediately welled up with tears,ready to fall.

Frederick reached out to gently pat her head and said softly, "Itold you,you're pregnant and can't stay to take care of me. But Charlotte and I are still not divorced, so she must stay and take care of me." Charlotte instinctively touched her belly. Her heart was full of anger and resentment. She was not valued, and her child had to suffer with her."But..." Serena wanted to say more, but Frederick whispered a few words in her ear, making her smile. "You're so annoying. Even so, we have to wait until we're married."

"Let Gavin take you home. You should rest early," Frederick said gently,looking at her with eyes full of affection and tolerance.

"I won't stay," Charlotte said coldly.

'Is the Percy Family out of servants? And he even needs me to take care of him?


Frederick looked at her, his gaze lingering on her face. His voice was cold and ruthless. "If you don't stay, I will withdraw all the help I gave your company."

Although Frederick had lost part of his memory, he saw in the secretary's organized schedule that he had personally gone to EX Company to help Charlotte which puzzled Frederick.

'What was I thinking at the time to push off such an important meeting for Charlotte? I had to find out the reason.'

"Fine, I'll stay," Charlotte said, clenching and unclenching her fists,finally compromising for the sake of her and Taylor's company. Taking care of his daily needs was something she had done before.
What pained her wás that Frederick would use the company's matters to threaten her. Charlotte's eyes reddened, but she stubbornly refused to let the tears fall. Gavin looked at Charlotte's state and worried for Frederick. Frederick,you were supposed to mend the relationship and clear up misunderstandings,not make things worse! But at least Charlotte agreed to stay,and Serena was willing to leave. Gavin dared not linger any longer and dragged Serena out.

"Wait, I still want to talk to Frederick for a bit," Serena hesitated to leave so soon.
Gavin tightened his grip on her arm and pulled her out. "The doctor said Frederick needs to rest early. If you keep talking, when will he get to rest?Let's go! You can talk to me instead!"

With that, Gavin finally managed to drag Serena out, not forgetting to close the door behind him. Once they left, the room fell silent again.

Charlotte picked up the water basin, intending to fetch water for Frederick to wash up so he could rest early and avoid talking to her. But Frederick stopped her action.

He looked at her, his gaze calm but puzzled. "Sit down first."

Charlotte hesitated but eventually sat down on the chair,remaining silent and just looking at him. She thought Frederick would say something important, but he asked a question that left her speechless.

Frederick said, "From the time of my accident to when I woke up,so much time passed, and you never came to the hospital to see me. Do you not care about my life or death?" Charlotte looked at him in disbelief. After his accident, she rushed over immediately, wiped his body when he came out of the operating room,and worried he would be hungry when he woke up, so she hurried home to make porridge! Yet all her efforts were mnet with Frederick's cold words. "Yes, I'm heartless. I don't care about you at all," Charlotte said, her voice as cold as ice."Are you sure you want to talk to me with that attitude?" Frederick's brows furrowed, his eyes sharp. "You didn't come to see me, and when you do, you speak to me like this. Gavin said we should have a good talk,but I don't think there's anything to explain."

"Explain? What is there to explain?" Charlotte turned her head away.

"Indeed, there's nothing to say. Your concern for me is not even as much as Serena's. She stayed by my side while you1 didn't."

"I went back to make porridge for you. How can you be so unreasonable?"Charlotte was furious.

Her earlier sadness was now overshadowed by anger as she looked at Frederick,feeling something inexplicably strange about him. Frederick's gaze was cold, and his words were odd.

"How long does it take to make porridge? Charlotte, if you're going to make excuses, at least make up a good one," Frederick said in a deep voice.expressing his dissatisfaction. Thinking back to Serena wiping his body,he still felt uncomfortable. If Charlotte had stayed by his side from the beginning, Serena would never have had the chance.
"This porridge takes four hours to cook each time, and this time I was in a hurry, so I only used half the time! Frederick, you've never acknowledged my efforts over the years. I'm fed up!" Charlotte said, her emotions getting out of control. Her eyes reddened again, and her suppressed emotions burst out,tears falling uncontrollably. Seeing her cry, Frederick suddenly felt a pang in his heart. "Don't cry," Frederick said, feeling confused by this unfamiliar emotion but

still hoping Charlotte would stop crying.

"I don't want to cry, but you! You keep playing with me. giving me hope only to push me into a darker abyss. Frederick. I'm really tired. I don't want to play this game anymore," Charlotte said, feeling that something was off with Frederick but not wanting to delve into it. She just wanted to leave quickly and escape this suffocating environment.
###Chapter 67
"How did I trick you? Am I not telling the truth? If you hadn't left, if you had stayed by my side, how could Serena have wiped my body? You know I don't like other women touching me."


Frederick was also a bit annoyed, and his tone became heavier.

Although he didn't want to admit it, he could only accept Charlotte's touch;he had no interest in other women at all.

For various reasons, he had to marry Serena, but he wouldn't have sex with her after marriage, only providing her with the best life.

As for wanting to sign a maintenance agreement with Charlotte. it was just to keep her from leaving him,with no intention of insulting her, but he didn't expect her to be so resentful about it.
"What are you talking about? I was the one who wiped your body. I can't believe you still trust her."
Charlotte,though reluctant to explain,couldn't help but retort.


"You wiped it?"
Frederick looked at her suspiciously. "I wasn't awake at the time, but I could feel it. Tell me. what was the last part you wiped? Otherwise, it's hard for me to believe you."
Charlotte was momentarily speechless, and then her face turned red. She didn't anaswer, but seeing her blushing face, Frederick already understood. So,is Serena lying?'

Frederick felt complicated, but since it was Charlotte who wiped his body,his anger dissipated a lot.
After calming down, Frederick even felt like teasing her a bit.

Frederick raised an eyebrow and looked at her. "Tell me, what was the last part you wiped?"
Charlotte felt her face burning,becoming very hot.

But facing Frederick's questioning, Charlotte still raised her hand and pointed to Frederick's penís.

She didn't control her strength, not only pointing at it but also poking it.

Charlotte screamed and immediately withdrew her hand as if she had been burned.


What scared Charlotte wasn't accidentally poking his penis, but that Frederick's penis was erect!

In such a tense and confrontational atmosphere between them,he could still get an erection!

'He is simply a shameless rogue!

"You're injured like this and still have such tho ughts! You're shameless." Frederick also coughed lightly, looking a bit unnatural. He had already reacted when he learned it was Charlotte who gently wiped his body, but he didn't expect her to poke it. He thought for a moment and decided to change the subject.

"Alright, I have something else to tell you. I've lost my memory."

"Lost your memory?"

Charlotte was momentarily stunned, but then anger followed."Are you messing with me again? Do you find this funny?"
Frederick sighed lightly. He knew it would be like this, which was why he was so reluctant when Gavin suggested he explain.
He tried to slow his speech. "I'm telling the truth. If you don't believe me,you can ask the doctor. After I woke up, I found my memory stuck about twenty days ago. I 'can't remember anything that happened in between,not even how I got injured."

Charlotte was stunned.


She lowered her head to carefully examine Frederick's eyes but found no abnormalities.


Although amnesia sounded very unbelievable, even if Frederick wanted to deceive her, there was no need to come up with such a lame excuse.

"You don't remember anything? Not a single bit of what happened these days?" "Yes, I can only piece together what happened from what I've done these days, but I have no clues about my injury. Everyone who was injured with me is still unconscious, so I want to ask you if you know anything." Frederick grabbed her wvrist. His injury hadn't been exposed yet, but it was only a matter of time before the news leaked.

What needed to be done now was to investigate the matter thoroughly before it leaked so he could make the best decision.

"If I tell you, will you believe me?"


Charlotte looked at him coldly.

"Just tell me." Frederick had a bad feeling.

Sure enough, Charlotte said coldly, "Your injury today is all because of Serena. Do you believe that?"

"How is that possible? Why would Serena be involved?"

Frederick instinctively refuted.

Charlotte's eyes turned completely cold. She turned to leave, knowing that Frederick didn't trust her, making anything she said pointless.

Because her wrist was still clasped by Frederick, as soon as she moved,it immediately unbalanced him, causing him to topple to the ground.

Charlotte knew he was covered in wounds and instinctively tried to catch him, but she wasn't strong enough to stop him, and they both fell to the ground.
In the critical moment, Charlotte protected her stomach, but her chest was hit by Frederick's head.As her chest beingvery fragile, Charlotte felt a lot of pain.As her chest beingvery fragile, Charlotte felt a lot of pain. At that moment, he felt it was better than any painkiller.

"Get up! You're crushing me!"

Charlotte tried to push his head away,but it stayed on her chest,refusing to move.


"Tell me, why is she involved in this?"


Frederick's voice was muffled, and the vibration of his vocal cords transmitted to Charlotte's chest.

Charlotte felt a tingling sensation, both angry and annoyed.

She said irritably, "I told you, but you didn't believe me. What else can I say?"

"If you don't tell me, I won't get up." Frederick was surprised at himself.When did he become so shameless?

Previously, their interactions had never been so lively and harmonious.


"You're shameless!"Charlotte was so angry that she gritted her teeth, but to avoid further entanglement on the ground, she said, "You found a photo of Serena taken three years ago, proving she was awake three years ago and not in a vegetative state. Then you kept investigating her. I don't know why you went to the western suburbs today, but I asked Ryan, and your original schedule didn't include that place. So the only thing that could make you go there unguarded must be related to Serena." Although it was Charlotte's guess, she felt she wasn't wrong. Frederick was always very punctual and reliable, never changing his plans easily. The only reason he would drop everything and go there must be related to Serena.
###Chapter 68

"Alright, I've told you everything. Can you1 get up now?"

Charlotte felt like she could barely breathe.

Frederick reluctantly propped himself up with his hands, moving away from her soft chest.


Charlotte sat up straight, glaring at Frederick with a resentful look.
Although she was still uinhappy with him, she resignedly helped him up.

Frederick sat back on the hospital bed, his gaze fixed on Charlotte. "What about us?"

"What?" Charlotte asked.

Frederick asked, "What have we been doing these past few days?"

Although he still didn't know what had happened, he had previously thought that their not getting divorced was due to pressure from Anouk.But after physical contact with Charlotte, he felt an unprecedented sense of relaxation.

"You! Shameless!" Charlotte glared at him.

Because when she recalled what they had done these past few days,all that came to mind were naked and stimulating scenes.
Charlotte's reaction made Frederick feel a tightness in his lower body. He had never seen such a lively expression on Charlotte's face. For the past five years, although Charlotte had been very gentle and considerate towards him, he always felt that she wore a mask in front of him.Although the mask was perfect and met all his preferences.

Yet it always imparted to him a sense of unreality, an elusive sensation that made him yearn to tear away the mask and peer into the depths of the heart.

And now, seeing the real temper of Charlotte exposed in front of him,he found her even more adorable.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

Charlotte looked at him warily, feeling that Frederick's smile was very creepy and not knowing what bad idea he was up to.

Frederick's lips curved into a smile. He seemed to understand why he didn't want to divorce her.

He reached out and pulled Charlotte into his arms, holding the back of her head, and kissed her directly.

Charlotte's eyes widened instantly. She wanted to break free, but with his body full of wounds, if she struggled, it would hurt him.

'Damn Frederick!'
He didn't care about his own body, but she couldn't bring herself to hurt him. Frederick's kiss was passionate, and Charlotte's resistance and struggle only fueled his desire to conquer, giving him an unprecedented experience.

 This was what he had been waiting for, what he had been looking forward to with Charlotte.

 The more Frederick kissed, the more he got into it, feeling a joy he had never experienced before. It wasn't until they were both out of breath that they finally separated.
Charlotte propped herself up on the edge of the bed, panting,her chest rising and falling.
Frederick was attracted by this enticing scene and was about to move closer when Charlotte quickly moved away.
Charlotte glared at him warily. "Don't presume that your amnesia will earn my forgiveness! In my heart, I have yet to absolve you, so you had better conduct yourself with propriety. I am here merely to look after you; do not entertain any delusions of misconduct towards me."

Frederick looked at her, the curve of his lips deepening.

He hadn't planned to do anything to Charlotte. The kiss just now was a moment of impulse, especially since the anesthesia had worn off and his whole body was in pain.

But hearing Charlotte's threat, which lacked any real deterrent, Frederick's thoughts became more active, and his penis began to stir.
"Alright, I won't touch you, but I need to go to the bathroom now."


Frederick said, extending his hand towards Charlotte.

 
Charlotte gritted her teeth. She could tell that Frederick was doing it on purpose. Looking around, Charlotte saw a urinal. She picked up it and placed it in front of him. "Use this. Your hands aren't broken." "Take it away." Frederick disdainfully moved back a bit. "I want you to help me to the bathroom, or I'll kiss you again."
"You!"

Charlotte now felt that Frederick was just as shameless with or without amnesia.
Although angry, Charlotte resignedly came over to help Frederick up.

But unexpectedly, Frederick put all his weight on her.

"You're so heavy!"

Hearing Charlotte's complaint, Frederick seemed to become boneless,almost hanging on her shoulder. Her scent filled his nostrils, making his thoughts wander.

The two of them had just managed to make their way to the bathroom when Charlotte was about to leave, only to be embraced by Frederick.

"What now!"

"Help me take my penis out. My hands are wrapped in bandages, it's inconvenient." Frederick said, amazed at his shamelessness. The old him would never have said such a thing, but now it came so easily.

"Frederick! You had better know your limits!" Charlotte gritted her teeth.

"If you don't help me, we'll just stand here all night." Frederick said, holding Charlotte tighter, not giving her a chance to escape. Charlotte, feeling helpless, tried to calm herself. She suddenly doubted whether Frederick had amnesia. Charlotte roughly undid his belt, then unzipped his pants,taking out his penis. "There, hurry up."
She had thought this torment was about to end, yet to her surprise, his penis began to enlarge and harden in her palm, becoming engorged and proudly standing erect against her hand.

"What do you want?" Charlotte was about to go crazy.

Frederick also felt embarrassed.

He had asked Charlotte to take out his penis just to tease her, to see her more lively side.

But when Charlotte's hand touched his penis, he couldn't control his erection.


But Frederick couldn't admit it, instead blaming Charlotte. "Didn't you secretly want to check if it still works when you were wiping my body?Now you can test it yourself."

Charlotte felt his penis twitch in her palm as he spoke.

"Hurry up and pee, stop talking nonsense."

"Man can't pee when erect, don't you know that?"

 
"Then what do you want?"Charlotte, hearing this, didn't even bother to respond. She closed her eyes,wanting to end this torment quickly. She didn't move, still supporting him, not looking at Frederick. But her 
hand started to stroke his penis.

Without lubrication, her hand's movements were too rough,making Frederick groan in pain. "Are you trying to break it?"
Charlotte angrily looked up and rolled her eyes at him.

But there was nothing suitable in the hospital bathroom. Finally, Charlotte had to pump some hand sanitizer and apply it, making the movements smoother.
Frederick shuddered, letting Charlotte control his penis. Her hand moved fast and slow, stroking his penis, while Frederick couldn't help but touch her chest.

Seeing that Charlotte didn't reject him, Frederick became bolder, sliding his hand under her dress, gently caressing her skin, igniting her desire.
###Chapter 69

Frederick became increasingly passionate, his hands restlessly roaming over her body.
His fingers hooked onto her nipples, gently twisting and occasionally giving a firm squeeze, applying just the right amount of pressure.
Charlotte bit her lower lip hard, preventing herself from making any sound.


She sped up her hand movements because she gradually realized that Frederick's intention was not just to have her solve his desire with her hand; he wanted her body.

And indeed, that was the case.

From the beginning, when Frederick was coaxing Charlotte into giving him a handjob, he had already planned to arouse her desire, so that they would naturally end up making love.

"Slow down."

Frederick noticed her hand speed up suddenly, catching him off guard and almost making him climax.

Charlotte knew she needed to move more quickly.

Instead of slowing down, Charlotte used her other hand as well, playing with his thick penis with both hands. Even though her hands were sore, Frederick still held back, refusing to release. Charlotte, determined, lifted her head and bit Frederick's nipple through his clothes, using her teeth to grind it while her hands moved even more vigorously. Frederick could no longer stand the intense stimulation released in her hands.

Thick semen shot onto her hands, dripping down erotically.Charlotte frowned in disgust, immediately turning to wash her hands and then pulling out a wet wipe, tossing it onto Frederick's still semi-erect penis.
The cold wet wipe made Frederick gasp. "Are you trying to murder me?I'm your husband!"


Charlotte rolled her eyes at him again. "Clean yourself up before coming out."

She was annoyed because she realized that Frederick could have stood on his own just fine earlier; he didn't need her support. He had deliberately leaned on her to take advantage of her.

After using the bathroom, Frederick reached out to Charlotte again as he stood at the door.

"Come here I'm a patient."
Frederick's righteous demeanor made Charlotte both angry and helpless.

She walked over to help him back to the bed but let go suddenly,causing Frederick to fall heavily onto the bed.
Even though the VIP bed was soft, it still jolted his injured leg. "Did you do that on purpose?" Frederick frowned at her. "Sorry,my hand slipped." Charlotte apologized, but her expression showed no sincerity. She looked at Frederick, scrutinizing him, still finding it hard to believe that he had lost his memory.

However, if Frederick hadn't lost his memory, his sudden cold attitude towards her earlier was indeed quite inexplicable.

Charlotte's emotions were very complicated. By the time she went back to pack her things, she had already prepared herself to divorce Frederick.If it were the considerate and gentle Frederick from before, she wvould be reluctant to leave. But if it were the cold and ruthless Frederick who had just woken up, she was eager to escape.


But fate was unpredictable.

It seemed like God enjoyed playing tricks on her.

Just when she had packed her bags, she was told that Frederick's coldness towards her was because he had lost his memory.

"What are you thinking about?" Frederick asked.

"If you lost your memory, why is your attitude the same as when you hadn't lost it?"
Charlotte didn't realize what she was saying and blurted out her thoughts when she heard Frederick's question.

By the time she realized it, it was too late.

She looked at Frederick nervously, but he suddenly smiled at her. "What do you think?"
 
 Frederick didn't answer but threw the question back at her. Charlotte fidgeted with her fingers. "How would I know? You're so unpredictable. Sometimes I think you love Serena very much,but sometimes you..."

'Treat me very well.'

"But what?"

Frederick still had a faint smile on his lips.

"I think you neither like her nor reject her. It's very contradictory.What exactly is your relationship with Serena?"

Charlotte suddenly gathered the courage to ask what was on her mind."Can you give me an answer? If you love Serena and have decided to be with her, I will let you be together. I will leave. Please don't torment me again and again."

Frederick's smile disappeared. Hearing Charlotte say she would leave ignited a fire of anger in his heart.

HHe suddenly stood up, which startled Charlotte.

Before she could run, Frederick had her pinned against the window sill.

Frederick trapped her in his arms, leaning down to whisper in her ear,"Love is not spoken; it is demonstrated through actions."
Charlotte was instantly overwhelmed with a huge sense of shame upon hearing this. She was trapped in Frederick's embrace, unable to move,while his hot breath and roaming hands made her body go weak. With Frederick's strong chest in front of her, Charlotte tried to lean her 4/6 head back, but one of her legs was forcefully lifted by his large hand,exposing her most private area.
"This is a hospital! Are you crazy?"

Charlotte was anxious, but her words had no effect.

"Don't ever talk about leaving me again. The consequence is that for every time you say it, I'll make love with you ten times."

Frederick said, lowering his head to capture her lips, his tongue entwining with hers, not giving her a chance to argue.

Because they were in a hospital, Charlotte was worried that someone might suddenly walk in, but this tension also excited her, making her more aroused in her shame and pleasure.

Charlotte could feel his penis, already erect, pressingagainst her lower body through their clothes, the heat seeping through,burning into her soul.

Frederick noticed that Charlotte's body was as soft as water, but he wasn't in a hurry to enter her body.

He gently pulled aside her panties, teasing her pussy with his fierce penis,feeling the suction and listening to the wet sounds.

"Stop torturing me.".
Charlotte began to beg, feeling humiliated by the sounds from her lower body. Frederick chuckled softly, kissing her lips, and with a firm grip on her waist, he thrust in deeply, both of them sighing in satisfaction. The extreme tightness was incomparable to the handjob in the bathroom earlier.

Frederick felt countless little mouths inside her sucking on his desire,making him thrust even harder as if trying to penetrate her completely.
Charlotte wrapped her arms around his neck, feeling like her whole body was floating on water, clinging tightly to this only lifeline.
Frederick's strength was immense, and this position completely exposed her lower body. When he thrust in fully, if not for the balcony behind her,Charlotte would have been knocked away.
###Chapter 70

Frederick put her leg down, then turned her around, making Charlotte's upper body lean on the windowsill. Both of them could see the neon lights outside and the bustling traffic on the road.
He held Charlotte's round buttocks, spread them apart with his big hands,and then thrust in mercilessly.
Charlotte, like a doll, was manipulated by Frederick. His hot breath sprayed on her ear, and Frederick kissed her earlobe from behind. His hands, like two giant pincers, firmly spread her buttocks, making her feel a different kind of shame.

Frederick admired her enchanting body. Her lower body was swollen and red from his ravaging, giving off a lewd yet beautiful allure.

With such intense thrusting, Frederick suddenly pressed down on her waist, let out a low growl, and released all his semen inside her.

They embraced for a long time before going to the bathroom to clean up.

Charlotte felt weak and asked with some difficulty. "Should I find a nurse for you?"

The big hand on her waist immediately tightened, and his voice carried a threat, "Did you forget what I said before?"

"No."
Charlotte weakly responded, "I mean, you have so many wounds on your body. If I don't handle it well, it might get infected."

"Then do it slowly, like you did before." Frederick's tone was very ambiguous, making Charlotte even more uncomfortable.
Charlotte couldn't resist him, so she slowly wiped his body. Because she carefully avoided his wounds,she inevitably got molested by him.
By the time they finished washing their body in the bathroom, it was already midnight.
After helping him to bed, Charlotte felt physically and mentally exhausted.


'That damn Frederick, he even made love to me in the bathroom despite being injured. If he fully recovers, wouldn't my body be completely worn out by him?


The next day.

Charlotte groggily opened her eyes and found herself in Frederick's arms.

She was momentarily stunned.

She clearly remembered sleeping on the sofa in the ward last night. How did she end up in bed with Frederick when she woke up?

Could it be that she got cold in the middle of the night and shamelessly climbed into bed with him? If she caused Frederick's condition to worsen because of this, Charlotte didn't dare to think about how much advantage Frederick would take of her. Thinking of this, Charlotte guiltily lifted the blanket, trying to quietly get out of bed and not give Frederick a chance to make a fuss. But she failed. Her waist was firmly held by Frederick, and his arm was too thick and heavy for her to push away.

Just as Charlotte was sweating with anxiety, the door to the hospital room was pushed open from the outside.
"Frederick, are you awake? I had the servants make soup early in the morning,just for your leg..."

Serena hadn't even wwalked in yet, but her sweet voice had already drifted in.

Her sweet smile disappeared instantly when she saw Frederick and Charlotte embracing each other.

"You! What are you two doing? Charlotte, don't you have any shame? This is ward! Frederick is still injured, how can you be so shameless as to seduce him!"


Serena's voice suddenly rose, becoming very sharp and unpleasant to the ears.

Charlotte didn't want to pay her any attention. She got up and put on her coat,but Serena wouldn't let it go.

Serena continued, "Last night you said you didn't want to take care of Frederick here, but you still slept with him. You make me ashamed!" Charlotte frowned and finally couldn't hold back, retorting, "None of your business. Frederick and I are legally married. We can do whatever we want. But you, a mistress, even live in my house. If I want, I can call the police to arrest you anytime."

 "You!" Serena bit her lip. Her status was indeed at a disadvantage when facing Charlotte.
Serena put on a very pitiful expression and looked at Frederick. "Frederick,you promised me you would divorce Charlotte soon. You wouldn't lie to me,would you?"
Frederick looked at Serena, but the words he wanted to say suddenly got stuck in his throat.
Serena became a bit hysterical. "Why don't you answer me?"


Seeing this, Charlotte felt inexplicably happy. She deliberately provoked Serena. "Answer what? Frederick lost his memory and forgot what happened during this time, but he still didn't want to divorce me. I find it a bit troubling too."


When she brought porridge last night and saw Frederick and Serena being so intimate, she didn't believe for a second that he had forgotten everything.

She thought Frederick was just making excuses and lying.

But after staying last night and testing him several times, she found out that Frederick indeed lost his memory.
Fortunately, even though he lost his memory, he had changed. He was no longer the cold and ruthless person he used to be. Otherwise,she would have left him immediately and let him be with Serena Serena's eyes filled with tears. She looked at Frederick in disbelief. She asked, "Frederick, is what she said true? You don't want to divorce her? Have you forgotten all that I did for you? What I went through for you,have you forgotten it all?"

Serena's tears were particularly sincere at this moment because she was scared.
She originally thought Frederick's amnesia was a blessing from God.But she didn't expect that in just one night, Frederick would revert to being close to Charlotte, as if drugged.
A strong sense of crisis arose in Serena's heart. She realized she couldn't be as willful and unreasonable as before in front of Frederick. She needed to be as obedient as Charlotte.

"I haven't forgotten."

Frederick's voice was faint, "You should go back. I don't need you to take care of me here. You're still pregnant."

He also felt a bit heavy-hearted. On one hand, he had uncontrollable feelings and desires for Charlotte. But on the other hand,Serena was carrying his child, and in that incident years ago, if it weren't for her, he might have ended up as a vegetable or even dead.


"No, I'm not leaving. Frederick, let me stay with you. Charlotte must be tired from last night, and her body probably isn't feeling well either."

Serena said, hinting at something.

'How could I have forgotten? My master had told me that Charlotte is pregnant!

'Since Charlotte hadn't told Frederick about her pregnancy, it meant she didn't want him to know.' 'But why?

'Could it be that the child was illegitimate? Otherwise,why wouldn't Charlotte dare to reveal her pregnancy?
###Chapter 71

No matter the reason, Serena didn't want Frederick to know about Charlotte's pregnancy, but she could use it to threaten Charlotte.
Charlotte indeed looked at her warily. "I'm fine. I don't know what you're talking about."
"Really?" Serena's gaze lingered on Charlotte's lower abdomen."It seems like you've gained some weight recently."

Charlotte instinctively covered herstomach.

'What does Serena mean by this? Could it be that Serena knows I am pregnant?

Although she was already a bit flustered inside, Charlotte still pretended to be calm, maintaining a composed exterior.

Charlotte deliberately mimicked a coquettish manner, whining to Frederick,
"Have I gained weight? Were all the compliments you gave me last night just lies?"


Frederick was drinking water and almost choked upon hearing this.

He coughed a few times before saying, "You haven't gained weight, you look the same as always." In the heat of the moment last night, he had indeed praised her figure,but what he meant was that he felt Charlotte's breasts had become larger and softer, and her buttocks had more flesh. But those were words of passion during lovemaking, not something to be said in front of others. As for pregnancy, they had been married for five years without children,so Frederick didn't even consider that possibility.

Hearing this topic, Serena found it hard to maintain her composure.


She looked at Charlotte with a twisted expression. "You shameless woman!"

"I'm not as thick-skinned as you." Charlotte felt she was getting better at retorting.

Serena knew she couldn't out-argue her, and she felt a deep hatred.

Right now, she just wanted to reveal Charlotte's pregnancy and make Frederick angry at Charlotte,to punish her.

But she was also afraid that Charlotte was indeed carrying Frederick's child. What if he found out that and refused to divorce her?

"Charlotte, I think you should go back and rest now. After all, your life isn't just your own anymore. Should anything happen, Frederick would undoubtedly be upset."

Serena said this deliberately.

Charlotte's eyes instantly turned cold. She was now certain that Serena knew about her pregnancy.

But how did Serena find out?She had deliberately avoided Frederick's hospital during her pregnancy check-up and had only asked Jasper for help later."You're right, I do feel a bit tired," Charlottesaid through gritted teeth. At this moment, Charlotte felt her whole body trembling. The feeling of having her secret exposed was terrible.

Frederick narrowed his eyes, his expression also turning cold.

Although he didn't know what had happened, it was clear that Charlotte was hiding something from him.
"What are you talking about? Charlotte, you know I hate being deceived."

Frederick's voice was icy, unable to reconcile being deceived by Charlotte closest to him.

Upon hearing that, Charlotte's body stiffened.

She secretly hated that Serena's words were too obvious. Even if she wanted to threaten her, she shouldn't have said it so plainly. Frederick was so sharp, that he would sense something was wrong.

"I'm not hiding anything from you, I'm just tired."

Charlotte bit her lip, forcing herself to speak.

She knew that saying this would make Frederick angry, buIt for the sake of her child and her happiness, she would rather keep it from him.

"Charlotte, I'm giving you one more chance to tell me the truth."

Frederick's voice was filled with anger; he would not let anyone who dared to deceive him off easily. "I told you, I'm not hiding anything. Serena is making things up. If you have any questions, just ask her."

 Charlotte gritted her teeth and refused to give in. Serena didn't expect the situation to turn back on her. Facing Frederick's piercing gaze, she felt her heart racing.
"Frederick, don't be angry. I was just joking with Ms. Russell. I just wanted her to go back and rest, I didn't want her to stay with you. I was jealous and wanted to have you to myself. But I didn't expect she was hiding something from you. Frederick, please don't be mad at me, I'm so scared."

Serena's words were half true, but at this moment, they seemed more sincere than Charlotte's.


She leaned in, nestling against Frederick.

Frederick instinctively held Serena in his arms, gently patting her shoulder with his large hand.

Charlotte looked at his hand, which had been caressing her body last night,now touching Serena.

Such a man was truly despicable.

But she was despicable too, for her heart still ached at this sight.


Frederick's gaze remained on Charlotte.

Seeing Charlotte's expression change because he was holding Serena, his eyes suddenly turned wild. "Charlotte, I'm giving you one last chance to confess, or get out and stop interrupting my good time." With that,Frederick lifted Serena's chin. In front of Charlotte, Frederick lowered his head and kissed Serena on the corner of her mouth.

Seeing this, Charlotte's tears finally broke free.

She couldn't reveal her secret, nor could she face the betrayal and hurt from Frederick.

Not wanting to see their intimacy, Charlotte turned andI stumbled away,enduring the intense pain in her heart.

The door to the ward was slammed shut, and Frederick's eyes grew even colder.

He was certain that Charlotte was hiding something from him, and that Serena knew about it.


Serena closed her eyes, tilting her head back, waiting for Frederick to continue kissing her, but she waited in vain.

She opened her eyes, wanting to remind Frederick, only to meet with his cold gaze.

She felt like she was being stared at by a giant python in the forest. In that gaze, she felt not only coldness but also a hint of murderous intent.

"Frederick, what's wrong?"

Serena was so scared by Frederick that she stuttered, not daring to look him in the eye, avoiding his gaze. Frederick lowered his eyes.A smile played on his lips, but it didn't reach his eyes."Serena, tell me, what is Charlotte hiding from me?" "I..." Serena wanted to brush it off like before, but when she looked up,she saw Frederick's expression again.
She was instantly frightened.

Although Frederick's tone was gentle, she felt a strong sense of danger.


Serena felt that if she tried to brush it off, something terrible would happen.

"I saw Charlotte with another man. They were very close,and Charlotte smiled at him. The key point is that they came out of a hotel together.I didn't see the man's faceclearly,but he looked very familiar."

Serena's words were almost entirely fabricated, but such scandalous rumors often seemed more believable than the truth.

###Chapter 72

Expectedly, Frederick's expression instantly turned cold after hearing what Serena said.
When he was looking at the information earlier, he saw that there was a male doctor who was very close to Charlotte, and it was during the time he had lost his memory. The doctor even went to his house.
What impressed him the most was that Jasper was actually called to his house by Anouk to have a blind date with Charlotte.
This was simply a humiliation for him as a man.

Serena looked up timidly at Frederick's expression. Seeing that he temporarily believed her words, she couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.


She had only seen Frederick's gentle side before and had forgotten that the current Frederick was no longer the simple big boy he used to be. Now, he was as terrifying as her master.

"Frederick, let's not talk about her anymore,we..."

Serena hadn't forgotten the task her master had given her. As soon as she had a bit of free time, she wanted to seduce Frederick.But Frederick turned his head away and said in a flat tone, "I didn't sleep well last night. I'll take a nap first. Call me when the doctor comes to change my dressing." After saying that, he turned his back to Serena and closed his eyes to sleep.Serena was ignored, clenching her hands tightly. 
She was filled with hatred!

Frederick had been so caring towards her yesterday. How could his attitude towards her become so cold overnight?
She really couldn't understand what kind of charm that Charlotte had.

After coming out of the ward, Charlotte went directly to find Jasper.

Whether it was because she was too angry or something else, her stomach hurt a lot. Worried about the baby, she came to bother Jasper even though she knew he was off today.

Jasper took Charlotte through a series of examinations and said while holding the report, "The baby is very healthy and has grown a lot compared to before, but you are still the same as before. Your body is too weak, and you have been overworked, and overly worried. I told you last time that your health also affects the baby's health, but it seems you didn't take it to heart."


Jasper's tone carried a hint of reproach, but more of concern.

"I'm sorry, because of the divorce recently, I really haven't been resting and eating well."

Charlotte touched her belly, tears already welling up in her eyes.

At this moment, she only felt that she had let her baby down, being implicated by her even before being born. Jasper couldn't bear to see Charlotte so fragile and self-blaming. He sighed, his voice softened a bit, and he comforted, "You don't need to blame yourself so much. I believe your intention is not like this, and youdon't need to apologize to me. You should apologize to yourself. And take care of yourself frst then the baby."
"No, this baby is a gift from heaven. I must protect it no matter what."

Charlotte touched her belly, speaking somewhat urgently.

As soon as she got divorced, she would immediately take the baby away.From then on, she and the baby would be the most important people to each other.

"Don't get agitated."

Jasper comforted, "I know you are not feeling well now, but I still hope you can seriously think about it. If you can't divorce Frederick soon, the harm to you and the baby will only be greater. What I mean is, I can also...



"Jasper, don't say it."

Charlotte suddenly realized something and immediately interrupted him.

But Jasper held her shoulders, forcing her to look at him. "I am a doctor.I can take good care of you and the baby. As long as you agree, I will use all my strength to make Frederick divorce you. Charlotte, please give me a chance,okay? My feelings for you are no less than anyone else's."

"Jasper, I only see you as my brother." Charlotte gently struggled, and Jasper let go of her hand, afraid of hurting her. "Charlotte, can't you consider me? You have such a good relationship with Taylor, and my parents like you very much. I am willing to raise your child with you and treat him as my own. I just hope you can give me a chance. We have already missed five years. I don't want to see you suffer anymore."

Charlotte was stunned.

She looked at him in disbelief, not expecting that Jasper had liked her five years ago.
Jasper indeed showed considerable care for her within the confines of the experimental base, but she always assumed he did so merely out of regard for Taylor.

Charlotte had never thought that Jasper had liked her since five years ago,or even longer.

"Charlotte, if you keep silent, I'll take it as you agreeing."

Jasper's voice carried hope, and his usually calm eyes sparkled with light.

Charlotte shook her head.

She said apologetically, "Jasper, I'm sorry I only know your feelings now,but I always thought you were kind to me because of Taylor. But those are all in the past. We alI have our own lives now, and I am no longer who I used to be. Now I just want to raise my child by myself.I don't consider marriage and love anymore. It's not that you're not good,but I can't love anymore." Charlotte's words were very sincere.

 She once thought she would be with Frederick until the end, but now she realized that love always ends the same way. As long as she could get out of the marriage, she didn't want to step into it again.

"Charlotte, I will wait. I can wait until you have the courage to love again.I have already waited for five years. I can wait longer."

Jasper's deep affection was almost overflowing.

Charlotte felt very uncomfortable being looked at like that. "Jasper, with your conditions, you can find someone a thousand times better than me.You don't need to..."


"Charlotte, I won't interfere with your choices. Please respect my choice too.I like you, but that's my own business. You don't need to feel troubled by it. And before you agree, I will still keep my boundaries and won't force you to do anything you don't want to do. I hope you won't distance yourself from me because of my confession, okay?"

Jasper carefully measured his words, afraid that Charlotte would feel uncomfortable because of him.


Charlotte felt guilty.

What virtues or talents did she possess to deserve the favor of someone as exceptional as Jasper?
"Jasper, Taylor is my best friend, and you will always be my brother.I find it hard to repay your care." Jasper felt a bit bitter hearing her say that. Charlotte was ultimately scared by his confession. He didn't want to confess at this time, but seeing her health report, which was worse than last time, he really couldn't bear to see Charlotte go back to Frederick and suffer.
###Chapter 73

"Jasper, I still feel a bit unwell. I'm going back to rest.Thank you for today."
Charlotte bowed deeply to Jasper and then left.


Although she knew that after Jasper's confession today, there was no way for them to pretend nothing had happened,she was still very grateful to him from the bottom of her heart.
She didn't regret her straightforward refusal. If she didn't make things clear now, it would only make things worse for both of them.

After leaving the hospital, Charlotte suddenly felt a bit lost.

She didn't want to go back to the villa, but it seemed like she had nowhere else to go.

Charlotte wandered on the street when her phone suddenly rang.

She looked at the caller ID and frowned. It was Serena.

"What's up?" Charlotte found it strange. Wasn't Serena at the hospital taking care of Frederick? Why was she calling her at this time?
"Charlotte, I need to talk to you. Where are you? Let's meet at a coffee shop." Serena got straight to the point.
She didn't dare to stay with the terrifying Frederick any longer, so she pretended to be unwell and slipped out.
"Okay," Charlotte mentioned the name of a coffee shop and hung up decisively. At this moment, she had nowhere else to go anyway, so she might as well see what Serena wanted to say.
After waiting for twenty minutes by the window, Serena finally arrived.

As soon as she walked in, she saw Charlotte and frowned in displeasure."
Why did you choose such a small coffee shop? It's hard to find,and the place is so tiny."

"We're here to talk, not to enjoy coffee." Charlotte retorted directly.

Serena glared at Charlotte and then snapped at the barista. "A vanilla latte,extra milk."


Charlotte paused.

She looked down at the plain milk in her hand and then looked up at Serena with a strange expression.

Charlotte asked, "Aren't you pregnant? Why are you drinking coffee?"

Pregnant women shouldn't consume caffeine which was common knowledge.

Serena's body stiffened. She hadn't thought it through and just ordered based on her preference. She deliberately put on an indifferent look, "I just like it, so what? Some people drink alcohol while pregnant. What's wrong with me having a cup of coffee?" Charlotte knew Serena was deliberately provoking her, so she didn't respond. "I don't know what you're talking about." "Charlotte, stop pretending. I know you're pregnant. Playing dumb won't heIp. We agreed to have an honest talk here, didn't we?"
Hearing this, Charlotte's eyes scanned Serena and finally rested on her bag.

Ignoring Serena's protests, she grabbed her bag, founda phone on the recording screen, and without hesitation, threw it into the vase on the table.

"What are you doing!" Serena watchedI as the water in the vase submerged her phone and screamed.

Charlotte's lips curled into a mocking smile. "Alright, now we can have an open and honest talk."


Serena was furious. There were still some things on that phone that hadn't
been sent out!

'Damn it,all ruined by Charlotte.'

But she couldn't let Charlotte know, so she had to hold it in.

"Charlotte, you're pregnant, right?"


"Yes."

Charlotte answered straightforwardly, "I want to know, how did you find out?" She genuinely wanted to know, as she was exceedingly cautious during her prenatal check-ups, even going so far as to use an alias when registering. Serena replied smoothly, "I asked the maid how long it had been since your last period. After getting the answer, I had someone check all the hospitals in the city and found the surveillance footage of your visit." Serena mentally patted herself on the back. She had thought of many excuses on the way here, but this was the most reasonable one.
"Just because of that?"

Charlotte found it strange but somewhat believable.

After all, the maids managed all the household affairs, and they would have noticed if she hadn't used sanitary pads last month.

Charlotte felt a bit annoyed, thinking she shouldn't have been so careless,
but also a bit relieved that Frederick, being a man, wouldn't be as meticulous as Serena.


Seeing that Charlotte believed her, Serena didn't want to dwell on it.

She asked, "Is the child you're carrying Frederick's?"

"Of course. I don't have a habit of cheating."

"Then why don't you dare tell Frederick? You know how much he wants a child. You've been married for five years without having one. Don't you want to use this child to secure your position?"

Serena asked the question she most wanted to ask.

Charlotte,sitting in her seat,wavered.

She didn't know what Serena's intention was in saying this. 'Is she mocking her?' She and Frederick had been married for years, and the reason she hadn't had a child was that he didn't want her to. At the beginning of their marriage, Frederick had warned her not to get pregnant.
Other socialites and ladies of high society gossiped about her behind her back, claiming that it was because of Serena that Frederick refused to let her get pregnant. They said that Frederick desired a child with Serena, not a child born of her.

Charlotte's eyes grew colder.

"I only want my child. I don't want to be entangled with you anymore.Now, I want a divorce more than Frederick does. If I could, I'd divorce him right now."

"If you want a divorce, why not listen to my suggestion?"

Serena's voice was enticing.

Charlotte frowned. "What suggestion?"

"Tell Frederick you have a man outside. Then,when you can't hide your pregnancy anymore, say the child is someone else's. Someone as proud as Frederick will despise you and divorce you immediately."
Serena became more excited as she spoke, her eyes shining as she looked at Charlotte.

Charlotte couldn't help but roll her eyes. "Serena, do you wish to see me dead, or do you simply think I am as foolish as you?" "You! How dare you insult me!" Charlotte almost laughed in anger. "You know Frederick is proud,yet you 5/6 come up with such a lousy idea? If he finds out I have another man,not only will I die, but my child will too."
She knew Frederick too well. If she betrayed him, he would show no mercy.
###Chapter 74

Serena glared at Charlotte with dissatisfaction. "Even so, you can't just curse at people. I was just giving you some advice."

Charlotte felt suffocated; she and Serena simply couldn't communicate,and their levels of understanding were completely different.

"Serena, I advise you not to provoke me and don't even think about using my pregnancy to threaten me. Because if Frederick finds out about my pregnancy, you'll be in a worse position than me. I already have Grandma's support, and with the help of the child, at worst, I'll just continue being Mrs.Percy. And you?"

Charlotte's words of threat made Serena realize the situation.

Serena instantly became a bit nervous.

At first, she thought that knowing about Charlotte's pregnancy would give her leverage over her, but she forgot that, as Charlotte said, if Frederick found out about her pregnancy, it would be even more disadvantageous for her.

'Anouk, that detestable old woman, has always harbored a dislike for me.If she were to discover that Charlotte is pregnant, it would make my prospects of marrying Frederick utterly hopeless.' Serena was already starting to back down in her heart, but she still put on a tough front. "I had thought you possessed more integrity, considering the disdain you previously exhibited. Yet, in the end, you still cannot forsake the opulence and grandeur of the Percy family." "So what? Even if I stay in the Percy Family, it's because you forcedI me to. So you'd better pray that Frederick doesn't find out about my pregnancy,or I won't let you have your way."
"So what if you're pregnant? What are you so proud of? We'll see!"

Serena snorted coldly, picked up her bag, and was about to leave.

She originally wanted to take the opportunity to threaten Charlotte, but she didn't expect Charlotte to be so cunning.

Charlotte watched her get up with a cold expression but suddenly smelled the perfume Serena was wearing. She frowned and covered her nose with her hand, questioning, "Why are you wearing this perfume?"

"What perfume I wear is none of your business!"

Charlotte frowned and patiently explained, "The perfume you're wearing contains musk, which is dangerous for pregnant women and fetuses. You're being very irresponsible."

She doubted whether Serena could be a competent mother.

Serena rolled her eyes. "Your accusations are baseless; my perfume is bespoke, crafted exclusively for me. I believe you're merely envious of me."

"Yeah,you figured it out. I'm just jealous of you."

Charlotte immediately asked, "Where did you get this perfume made? I want to get a bottle too." Charlotte hadn't forgotten that the Aphrodisiac Perfume Serena used was hers. If this perfume was specially made, then was the previous Aphrodisiac Perfume also given to her by that person? Serena was initially a bit smug, but then her face suddenly turned pale as if she had thought of something.
Charlotte found Serena's expression very strange. "It's just a bottle of perfume, what's the big deal? Or are you lying about it being custom-made?


Serena denied it immediately, "Who's lying? My perfume is one of a kind!However, I won't reveal where it was made, so you have no chance of imitating me!"


After saying that,Serena gave Charlotte a disdainful look and then turned to leave.


Charlotte was a bit speechless and also felt a bit regretful that she couldn't get any useful information from Serena.

But one thing was certain, Serena had secrets, otherwise, she wouldn't have had that expression just now.

She wanted to know what that secret was, but unfortunately, Frederick had lost his memory. Otherwise, she believed he must have discovered something, which was why he went to the past.

Just as she was thinking, her phone suddenly vibrated.

Charlotte frowned at Frederick's name and immediately hung up. But Frederick was very persistent. She kept rejecting the calls, and he kept calling back. Charlotte was annoyed and wanted to block him directly, but she was afraid of missing something important, so she finally answered. But her tone was very cold, "Are you dead and calling me to mourn? If not,don't bother me."
Frederick sneered, "Thanks to you, I'm not dead yet,but you must get to the hospital within 10 minutes. Grandma knows about my injury and is on her way. Your job is to make sure she doesn't find out about my amnesia."


"Why should I listen to you?"

Charlotte was unwilling. Every time she thought of Frederick's cold,questioning eyes, she got angry.

Frederick's voice was cold and deep, "If grandma gets sick because of this,you shall bear the burden of guilt for the rest of your life."

After saying that, Frederick ruthlessly ended the call.

Charlotte was so angry that she wanted to pour all the milk in front of her over the vase.

But although Charlotte was angry with him, she didn't want Anouk to worry about this. Anouk's health was already poor and couldn't withstand any more stress.
She got up and rushed back to the hospital to make sure Anouk wouldn't notice anything unúsual. But the thought that it was Frederick's order made her feel resistant all over. As soon as Charlotte arrived at the hospital, she ran into Anouk."Grandma!" Charlotte called out and approached her. Anouk's face was initially stern, but it softened when she saw Charlotte. "Charlotte, I heard Frederick got injured. Are you okay? Are you hurt?"She grabbed Charlotte's hand and looked her up and down to see if she was injured.

Charlotte felt very warm inside. She held Anouk's hand and smiled gently."Grandma, I'm fine. Frederick and I weren't together when it happened."
"That's good. Charlotte, as long as you're okay."

Anouk felt a bit relieved. She had only heard that Frederick was injured and thought Charlotte might be hurt too. Charlotte's body was very weak now, and even a slight injury could be fatal for both her and the baby.

At this moment, the door was pulled open from the inside, and Frederick stood at the door on one leg, pulling Charlotte's hand with a doting expression.

Frederick rarely softened his tone and said to Anouk, "Grandma, as long as she's okay, does it not matter if I'm hurt?"

"You brat! How dare you eavesdrop on us!"

Anouk scolded him playfully, then saw that Frederick didn't seem to be seriously injured, just had a cast on his leg, and felt a bit more at ease."
Besides your leg, where else are you hurt?"

Frederick said naturally, "Just my leg,and some minor scrapes elsewhere.
If you don't believe me,you can ask Charlotte."

He smiled warmly,holding Charlotte's hand up to his face.
###Chapter 75

Charlotte felt very uncomfortable. She didn't want to have any intimate contact with Frederick, but with Anouk present, she had to force a fake smile.
"Yes, Grandma, Frederick's injuries aren't serious. Don't worry."

Charlotte tried to discreetly free her hand from Frederick's grip, but his hand was like a vice, impossible to move.
Charlotte could only fake a smile and let him hold her hand.

Anouk trusted Charlotte, and hearing her say it was nothing serious, she felt a bit relieved.
But she still asked Frederick discontentedly, "Who attacked you? I heard you went to the suburbs. What were you doing there?"

"Discussing a project."

Frederick said concisely, knowing that the more he said, the more likely he was to make a mistake when lying.

"What kind of project requires you to go to such a remote place? Are you lying to me?" Anouk looked at Frederick with suspicion.

"There is a piece of land over there that I want to develop,so I went to check it out in advance, but my whereabouts were leaked." After explaining, Frederick added, "I suspect this has something to do with the Percy Family overseas. Recently, my people have discovered their activities within the country." Frederick's information was half true and half false.

The part about discussing a project was false, but the part about the Percy Family overseas was true.

Anouk's attention was indeed drawn by this news.

Her expression became serious. "Ever since you became the head of this generation, the overseas branch of the Percy Family has had to abide by the agreement and not set foot in the country. If your injry was caused by them, then this matter changes in nature! If I find evidence, I will make them pay!"

Seeing Anouk angry,Charlotte quickly tried to calm her down. "Grandma,don't get agitated."

Charlotte's actions warmed Anouk's heart. "Good child,if Frederick ever bullies you, just tell me, and I will stand up for you!"

"Got it,Grandma."

Charlotte responded, but she had no expectations in her heart.

Anouk looked sternly at Frederick. "I thought you were injured because of Serena. It's good that you're not. Otherwise, even if I came out of retirement, I wouldn't trust the Percy Family in your hands again."

Anouk's words made Frederick turn to look at Charlotte. Frederick's eyes were cold, with a hint of scrutiny. He was wondering if Charlotte had said something to Anouk to make her think this way. Charlotte guessed what he was thinking and felt a bit angry. If she were the type to tattle, it wouldn't just be like this. Besides, if she had said something, it wouldn't be wrong. Frederick's incident was indeed related to Serena. But what exactly happened, and why he chased after her,would remain a mystery if Frederick couldn't recover his memory.

"Frederick, why are you glaring at Charlotte? I'm talking to you. You just need to answer me. Have you forgotten even this basic rule?"

Anouk said angrily.

She genuinely cared for Charlotte, and this sentiment was unrelated to her pregnancy. Charlotte was simply a lovable and endearing young girl.

If such a good Charlotte ended up separating from Frederick, it would only mean that the Percy Family wasn't fortunate enough to keep her.

"Yes,Grandma."

Frederick withdrew his gaze. "I just don't want her to say unnecessary things,especially since she has conflicts with Serena."
"Conflicts? Do conflicts between two women arise for no reason? Isn't it because of you? If you weren't messing around,how would Charlotte get involved in these troubles?"

Anouk felt her blood pressure rising. She had just started walking without relying on a wheelchair, but now,Frederick's actions almost made her lose her balance. Charlotte noticed her condition and quickly helped Anouk sit down. "Frederick, treating Charlotte this way for a woman like Serena will undoubtedly lead to regret. As her husband, you are woefully inadequate." Anouk was heartbroken. Frederick, who had grown up surrounded by
loyalty and righteousness, had become such a cold and unfeeling person!Frederick might not care now, but when he found out that Charlotte was
carrying his child,how would he face it?

Frederick-would regret it.

Frederick frowned. "Grandma, I never do things I regret."

He had always been arrogant, but since taking over the Percy Family, he had never failed in anything he did, so his arrogance was justified.

Anouk was about to get angry but then saw him take Charlotte's hand.

Frederick gently stroked her slender fingers and said tenderly,"Since I haven't been a good husband before, I am willing to learn and become a qualified husband in the future.I hope we can work together."

His words were so sincere, and the warmth in his eyes was so genuine.which made Charlotte feel a bit dazed.

It was as if everything Frederick said was true.

Because Charlotte didn't respond for a long time, a trace of displeasure flashed in Frederick's eyes. He pinched her where Anouk couldn't see.

Charlotte snapped back to reality. At the same time, a trace of bitterness welled up inside her. What was she doing just now? Was she hoping that everything Frederick said was true? He called her back just to play along. Frederick's tenderness and warmth were reserved for Serena, who had saved his life. With her, it was just an act.

Charlotte bit her lower lip, trying to control her thoughts.

"Alright, with Grandma as a witness, even if you want to bully me, it won't be possible."

Charlotte smiled, but her smile was full of bitterness.

Anouk was a bit puzzled as to why they suddenly reconciled, but it was already difficult for them to get along peacefully.

Anouk finally felt a bit of comfort.

After putting on a show and finally seeing Anouk off, before they could rest, the news of Frederick's injury hit the local trending topics.

The Percy Group had deep roots in the country, involved in every industry,so the implications were wide-reaching.

As the head of the Percy Group, Frederick's every move was closely watched.

"That was fast."
After reading the news Gavin sent, Frederick let out a cold laugh.

He had assumed that news of his injury would at least begin to spread by tomorrow, but unexpectedly, it was leaked today. The next day, to stabilize the situation, Frederick dragged his injured leg and sat in a wheelchair. As the pillar of the company, after the news of his injury broke, he had to make an appearance as  soon as possible. Even if he did nothing,it would deter those who wanted to take advantage of the situation.
###Chapter 76

"Hurry up." Frederick sat in the wheelchair, leisurely urging.

Charlotte was pushing him, and as they passed over a threshold,her face turned red with effort, but they were still stuck.

"Easy for you to say. Do you know how heavy you are?" Charlotte gritted her teeth as she spoke.

Moreover, she couldn't understand why Frederick insisted on having her push him to work at the company. He had hired so many strong bodyguards, yet he wanted her, a frail woman, to do this physical labor.

"As a good wife, you should complain less. I'm trying to be a good husband now. Spending more time together to build our relationship,isn't that good?" Frederick shamelessly said.

He didn't feel the slightest bit of shame for being pushed by Charlotte; in fact, he seemed to enjoy it.

On the other hand, Charlotte felt very uncomfortable being watched and scrutinized by everyone along the way.

"Mrs. Percy, let me push him. You take a break." Gavin had received the notice early on, knowing that Frederick would be coming to the company to take charge today. Seeing Charlotte struggling to push Frederick, he immediately stepped forward to help. "Thank you." Charlotte breathed a sigh of relief. She was really tired, even breaking a slight sweat on her back. Frederick's lips tightened, feeling inexplicably uncomfortable.He had always chosen perceptive secretaries, and he didn't believe Gavin hadn't noticed that he wanted Charlotte to push him,yet he still came over.
It seemed Charlotte really could evoke other's sympathy.

"You're at the company now. Can I leave?" Charlotte asked.

Frederick frowned. "No. Come with me to the meeting room.There should be quite a few familiar faces."

Charlotte was a bit puzzled. She rarely participated in business activities,so how could there be any familiar faces?

But as she followed Frederick into the meeting room, she immediately saw a man wearing gold-rimmed glasses. Wasn't it Lucas from EX Company?

Previously, Lucas had set such a big trap for her company that she couldn't forget himn until now.

Frederick let Gavin push him to the main seat in the meeting room.Although he was sitting, his presence was so intimidating that everyone stood up.

"Everyone, have a seat." Frederick smiled lightly, glancing around the room before deliberately fixing his gaze on Lucas.
He was sure he had never met this Lucas, but he had read the files and knew this man was from EX Company. During the time he had lost his memory,he had personally come to trouble Lucas for Charlotte's company. Lucas felt the pressure from Frederick's gaze. He hadn't expected Frederick to actually show up, and with Charlotte in tow. He had thought that with the pillar of the Percy Family fallen, he could sweep away his previous frustrations and make new plans against Charlotte. But he hadn't expected Frederick to be fine.

It seemed the rumors about Frederick being injured by explosives were inaccurate, leaving him with false hopes.

"Today, everyone has gathered at the Percy Group. I wonder,is it out of concern that I might be dead or incapacitated, unable to fulfill my contractual obligations? Or are some hoping for my downfall,seeking to take advantage and gain benefits at the Percy Group in my absence?"

Frederick's voice was calm, but the ruthlessness in his words made everyone present shudder, especially those who had come with ill intentions, all trembling.

They knew that seeing Frederick appear intact meant their opportunistic thoughts needed to be sealed away again.

Most chose to remain silent, but some still took the risk.

A bald man smiled obsequiously at Frederick. "Mr. Percy, we heard you were in trouble and came to check on you. We all wish1 you well.What you said just now is absolutely not true."
 
"Is that so?" Frederick looked at the man unhurriedly. "Then explain why, upon receiving news of my accídent, the production line at the branch you manage reduced the input of core raw materials to the lowest level? Who were you planning to sell those raw materials to?"Sweat immediately beaded on the bald man's forehead. "If you can't explain, then reflect on it in prison."

Frederick said coldly, without a trace of mercy.

The bald man was instantly terrified, wetting his suit pants, tears and snot mixing together.

His already ugly face looked even more repulsive.

"Mr. Percy! I've worked diligently for the Percy Group for over twenty years! Please,give me another chance! I was just misled this time."

He babbled on, but Frederick had the bodyguards he had summoned take him away.


The chair the bald man had sat on was left with an unknown stain, which Frederick disdainfully glanced at before having it immediately discarded.

Once the man was completely removed, Frederick smiled at the non-Percy Group partners. "Sorry for the scene. Now, let's discuss the matter of someone wanting to terminate their cooperation."

After the earlier incident, Frederick's decisive actions left everyone too scared to breathe.

Charlotte, though not frightened, was impressed by his iron-fisted approach. She hadn't expected Frederick to be so decisive and ruthless in handling company affairs. In comparison, Frederick's demeanor at home seemed almost gentle. Charlotte shook her head helplessly. It was absurd that she could conclude from this comparison that Frederick wasn't so bad to her.
She couldn't understand how Frederick's mind worked. He had only glanced at the secretary's information on the way, yet he remembered everything and blocked all the visitors' paths.
Frederick was like the best wolf king on the prairie, encircling his prey and taking them down one by one.

In just an hour, everyone in the meeting room was dealt with,except for Lucas, whom Frederick deliberately left for last to solve.

Lucas looked around the now empty meeting room, feeling a bit uneasy.

He nervously rubbed his hands, cautiously asking, "MMr. Percy, I have no issues. We have no business dealings. I was just concerned about your health. Now that I see you're well, I'm relieved."

Lucas said, trying to get up and leave.

He was truly afraid of Frederick's ruthlessness. Frederick's performance today was like a thorn in his side.

Frederick's face remained calm, not showing any anger, but even a hint of a smile.

"Mr. Jones, sit down. Don't be in such a hurry to leave." With that, Lucas didn't dare leave.

Lucas nervously asked, "Mr. Percy, what do you want to say? Rest assured,I'll comply." "I just want you to recount what happened the last time I came to see you. " Frederick finished, and Lucas was puzzled.

'Doesn't Frederick know what happened that day? Why does he want me to recount it?'

###Chapter 77

Although Lucas felt a bit strange, his gaze fell on Charlotte,and he suddenly found a reason for Frederick's behavior.

When Mr. Joe came to threaten him last time, Charlotte was not around.

He specifically asked him to repeat it, definitely to make Charlotte deeply moved.

Lucas looked at Charlotte and said, "Mr. Joe came to EX that day specifically for you. He had someone directly contact our overseas headquarters. Only then did I know about your relationship with Mr.Joe.Miss Tang, if I had known about your relationship with Mr. Joe earlier, I would never have gone against you."

He gave Frederick enough respect.

Frederick fell into deep thought upon hearing this.

He had used overseas resources for Charlotte, something he had not even thought of.

Charlotte also looked at Frederick.

After receiving Lucas's call that day, she guessed that the company's crisis was resolved with Frederick's help, but she didn't know how he did it.

She never expected that he had personally gone to EX to back her up and even used overseas resources.


Others might not know, but as a member of the Percy Family,she was very aware that the domestic and overseas branches of the Percy Family were irreconcilable. Charlotte's emotions were very complex.

Frederick had never taken credit for this matter, so she had never asked about it. But now that she knew, she wanted to thank the previous Frederick, not the current one who had lost his memory and remembered nothing.

Lucas waited for a long time but didn't hear Frederick speak.

Sweat broke out on his forehead again and again, and he finally couldn't help but ask, "Mr. Joe, is there anything else you want to ask?"
Frederick waved his hand casually. "No, you can go."

"Okay! Okay!" Lucas felt relieved, immediately stood up,and walked out,thinking that he would never step into Joe's company again. Frederick's aura was too strong, making it hard for him to even breathe loudly.

Finally reaching the door, Lucas felt he was saved, but then Frederick's cold voice came from behind. "Wait a minuate."

"Mr. Joe, is there anything else?" Lucas's legs trembled. Was Frederick still not planning to let him go?

Frederick's gaze was icy, and he pointed to the door. "After you go out,close the door."

Lucas's tense emotions relaxed."Yes, yes, I wiIl close it." After he went out, he carefully closed the door and then let out a heavy sigh of relief. Frederick was too terrifying. He shouldn't have come to investigate today. No, he shouldn't have had the thought of taking revenge on Charlotte!

As long as the Percy Family didn't collapse, Charlotte would have a life-saving weapon.

Everyone had left, and Frederick, sitting in his wheelchair, turned to look at Charlotte.

His thin lips parted slightly, "What, don't you have anything to say to me?"

"No." Charlotte touched her nose but refused to go along with his words.

"Not even a basic thank you? Is this how you repay your benefactor?"Frederick squinted his eyes, clearly displeased.

Charlotte wasn't afraid of him; she knew what he looked like when he was truly angry.

She looked down at him, "This wasn't done by the current you. If I were to thank someone, it wouldn't be you."

"Whether it's the past or the present, I am still me. Even if I don't remember, it was still something I did."

"So what do you want?" Charlotte looked at him warily, her peripheral vision already glancing towards the door. If Frederick made any move, she would run immediately.


But she underestimated Frederick's mobility.

"Trying to run?" The moment she showed the intention to leave, Frederick suddenly stood up from his wheelchair and lifted her like a chick.

"Ah!" Charlotte exclaimed, feeling the world spin,and then she was pressed onto the conference table. The large conference table could steadily support the weight of two people,but it was too hard, and Charlotte felt pain in her back.
"Did I hurt you?" Frederick's voice became hoarse, but seeing Charlotte frown, he gently turned her over, lifted her shirt, and tenderly caressed her reddened skin.
A tingling sensation spread from her back, and Charlotte bit her lip,letting out a few whimpers.
"Don't move, let me massage it for you."

Frederick's expression was serious, his large hand kneading her skin,but it felt more like he was igniting a fire.

The tingling pleasure felt like needles, making Charlotte's cheeks flush.She instinctively curled up, which made Frederick pause.

She lay on her side on the table, her delicate skin like the finest porcelain,her bent legs making her hips look even fuller. Every part of her stirred Frederick's heart.

They had been married for five years, and unless there were special circumstances, he would want her several times a day. But seeing her soft form on the table easily aroused his desire, and Frederick felt all the blood in his body rush to one place. His hand was no longer satisfied with her back, gradually sliding down to her firm buttocks, feeling the fullness ina his palm, changing shape with his kneading. Charlotte's body trembled, trying to push him away. "Stop it, not here..." She never expected Frederick to be so bold, starting to get aroused in the 
company's conference room.

Frederick grabbed her hand and deliberately misinterpreted her words.

"Not here? Is it here?"

His large hand squeezed her buttocks forcefully, then moved to her chest,kneading it hard, "Or here?"
Finally, his hand moved between her legs, teasing her through her pants,his tone ambiguous, "Or is it here?"
Charlotte tried to clamp her legs together,her eyes already filled with tears,protecting her clothes, hoping Frederick would let her go.
Seeing her defensive stance, Frederick started undressing himself,revealing his perfect chest and abs, then unbuckled his belt, freeing his already erect member.

"No..." Charlotte pleaded bitterly, her beautiful face turning pale with fear,which only fueled Frederick's beastly desire.
With one hand, Frederick lifted Charlotte, using his strength to pull down her pants but not completely, leaving them around her legs, which restricted her movements.

Her legs were tightly bound together by the pants, lifted high by Frederick,exposing her lower body.

Frederick pressed against her, feeling the smooth, soft flesh with his member.

He pressed her legs to one side, leaning down to kiss her, his large hand covering her full chest.Her nipples were pinched and kneaded between his rough fingers,the tingling mixed with itchiness making Charlotte breathe heavily,gasping continuously.
###Chapter 78

Frederick's tongue pried her teeth apart with intense aggression,occupying every inch of her skin, their saliva mixing and dripping from the corners of their mouths.


Charlotte was kissed into a daze,forgetting where she was.

Frederick inserted his hot penis between her legs, rubbing it against her soft vaginal entrance, while his thumb massaged her clitoris.

Charlotte's body was already sensitive, and this stimulation made her whole body tense up, her lower abdomen feeling sore, and she lost all strength, with a large amount of love fluid flowing out from below.

"Your body is reacting honestly." Frederick chuckled, fully inserting his penis, the sound of their union making Charlotte's eyes well up with tears.

"No... don't..." Charlotte frowned, half in pain and half in pleasure, her lower abdomen contracting in sync with his movements.

Seeing that she wasn't resisting, Frederick finally felt free to move boldly.

His strong waist moved tirelessly, his tight muscles bursting with explosive power,exuding a fierce predatory aura.

Their body sizes were vastly different, and. Frederick's sudden forceful movements made Charlotte unable to hold on. "It hurts... gentle... be gentle." Charlotte's voice was like a kitten's, pleading with him. Frederick realized he had been too rough, withdrew his penis halfway,then lowered his head to suck on her nipple,slowly exploring her G-spot below.

Each of his movements was slow and deliberate, grinding against her sensitive spots, making the pleasure long-lasting yet torturous.

It wasn't until Charlotte couldn't take it anymore and started begging him that Frederick switched back to his vigorous movements.

He pressed Charlotte down, his penis moving rapidly, making her moans tremble.


Charlotte's body climaxed repeatedly, her eyes unfocused, enduring his desire.


By the time Frederick finished and ejaculated, Charlotte was almost unconscious.

His white semen filled her body, and Frederick, panting,cleaned her up and dressed them both.


He picked Charlotte up and sat her back in the wheelchair, her legs draped over the armrests, the two of them embracing, calming down from the afterglow of their climax.


Charlotte's head rested weakly on his shoulder, wanting to bite him hard,but she didn't have the strength to speak.

They stayed in that position until Charlotte's stomach growled.

Frederick chuckled,lowering his voice to tease her, "Didn't I feed you enough?"

Charlotte blushed, punching him lightly. "It's all your fault! I didn't eat much last night, and this morning you rushed me. I only had time to go home and change clothes, no time to eat."

Charlotte became more and more aggrieved as she spoke. After coming to the company, she had been standing behind him, watching him deal with those malcious inquiries, already very tired, and then he bullied her.

Frederick's Adam's apple bobbed.

He could only see Charlotte's slightly red eyes and cheeks, making her look so innocent that he couldn't control himself, wanting to press her down again.


But he also felt a bit hungry, so he decided to let Charlotte off.

Frederick lightly patted her butt, and Charlotte immediately jumped up from his embrace as if scalded.


Her fingers trembled as she ponted at him. "What do you want to do now?



Frederick was amused by her startled appearance.


He squinted his eyes mischievously and said deliberately, "Of course, I want to fuck you."

"Shameless!" Charlotte covered her ears as if that would stop her from hearing his dirty words.

"Alright, push me to eat. What do you want? I'll have the secretary make a reservation." Frederick reached out and pulled her hands away from her ears, his tone unbelievably gentle.

Charlotte was momentarily stunned.

At that moment, she felt like there was no barrier between them, like they were a real couple, bickering, arguing, doting...

Shaking her head, Charlotte tried to dismiss such a ridiculous thought.

But she couldn't help but sneak a glance at Frederick, only to find him looking at her too.

"What are you looking at?" Charlotte shouted at him, trying to sound fierce.

Frederick sighed helplessly, "I asked you, where do you want to eat?"

Charlotte realized she hadn't answered him. She clutched her growling stomach and said casually, "Let's just go to the cafeteria downstairs. I'm so hungry my stomach hurts, I don't want to go out."

"Okay."

Frederick agreed readily. Although he had never eaten in the company cafeteria, he was willing to try for Charlotte.

Their arrival at the cafeteria indeed attracted the attention of the company employees.

"The one pushing Mr. Percy is Mrs. Percy, right? Oh my, she's so beautiful,even prettier than any celebrity I've seen."

"But why would Mr. Percy come to the cafeteria? Is he here for an inspection?"

"Are you stupid? Mr. Percy is the president and the highest leader in the company. Why would he come to the cafeteria for an inspection? I think he's here to eat,"

"No way! Mr. Percy, with his status, would eat the same food as us?" "So what? I have hired top chefs to work in our cafeteria, even the pastry section has chefs specially invited from abroad. Other companies would be envious of our standards."


Charlotte pushed Frederick to a table and then obediently lined up behind the employees.


The Percy Group's cafeteria was self-service, with a variety of dishes,snacks, drinks, and desserts, making her even hungrier.

The employees in front of her stepped aside, "Mrs. Percy, you go first."

Charlotte feIt a bit embarrassed, but after some polite refusals, she couldn't resist everyone's enthusiasm and went to the front of the line.


Charlotte picked a few things for herself and specially chose Frederick's favorite pasta, then returned to the table with the tray.


"Frederick, your company's cafeteria is so good, why did you always ask me to bring you food before?"

Charlotte laid out all the food, her eyes lighting up with each bite.

She didn't know if she was too hungry or if the cafeteria food was really that good, but Charlotte found the food in front of her particularly delicious.


Frederick watched her cheeks puff up like a cute little hamster.

Seeing her eat so happily, Frederick's appetite also increased. They not only finished all the food on the table, but Charlotte also went for a second helping before feeling full.

"I'm so stuffed. Are you going back to the hospital this afternoon?" Charlotte rubbed her swollen belly, regretting eating so much.

Frederick checked his watch anad said, "I still have some company matters to handle this afternoon."


"Can I go back to rest?" Charlotte's eyes were wet, looking at him pitifully.

She was really tired and wanted to rest.
###Chapter 79

Frederick said. "Go upstairs and rest. There's a lounge in my office with a bed where you can take a nap. Once I finish my work,we can leave together."


Frederick thought of a compromise that would allow Charlotte to rest without leaving his side.


"Alright," Charlotte replied.

Charlotte didn't want to move around much after just eating.

After pushing Frederick upstairs, she quickly entered the lounge and locked the door behind her. "You go handle your work, I'll rest now."

She moved swiftly, afraid that Frederick might take advantage of the situation and come in to harass her.

Frederick was left outside the door, shaking his head helplessly.

Although this lively and adorable Charlotte made him happy, did she have to distrust him so much? However, he did enjoy the days without Serena's interference.

Thinking of Serena,Frederick frowned.

Following previous clues, he discovered that he was investigating events after Serena fell into a coma. Had he found something before?

Or was his curent predicament also related to Serena?

Serena had been missing since yesterday afternoon and hadn'tshown up since. His people couldn't find any trace of her. This was highly suspicious.

If she wasn't deliberately avoiding surveillance, how could his people not find Serena?


Frederick clenched his fists. He hated deception the most and hoped Serena hadn't done anything to betray him, or he wouldn't show mercy.

At this moment, Serena had no time to think about Frederick. She was trembling on her knees, not daring tolift her head.


"Sir, it's not that I didn't want to contact you, but the previous location was compromised. I didn't dare to go there, afraid of being watched again.Frederick lost his memory, and I wanted to take this opportunity to complete the task you gave me." Serena was very scared.

Frederick's injury was most likely related to her. Otherwise, how could it be explained that he was injured right after she left that place?

Serena thought Frederick was just worried about her safety, so he had people follow her, which she didn't take to heart.

"Is that so?" The man's figure remained hidden in the darkness. Just one question made Serena unable to breathe.


His voice was gentle yet chilling. "You want to complete the task I gave you quickly? Then explain why I see you here?"

"I... I..." Serena's heart was about to leap outof her chest.

She hadn't expected that after arguing with Charlotte yesterday,she would randomly enter a nightclub that turned out to be her master's property.

She indulged for a night and was brought to the basement upon waking up, facing her master again, feeling very guilty. "What? Slut, do you want me to reward you again?"

The man's voice carried a hint of lust. "Come here."

Serena felt as if she had been granted amnesty. She knew he didn't intend to hold her accountable.


Serena immediately put on a flattering smile because she knew her master s glasses had infrared capabilities, allowing him to see her clearly in the dark.


Serena crawled towards the man on her knees, involuntarily moaning.

She pressed her body against his legs, pulled down her bra, and exposed her breasts.


Her nipples rubbed against the man's knees, instantly becoming erect,and Serena felt a reaction below as well.

"Your nipples are so hard. You are a slut." The man cursed,reaching out to pinch her nipples, watching her expression of pain and pleasure,and pulled them harshly.

"It hurts." The more Serena moaned, the harder he pinched.

Serena licked her lips,which were wet and looked particularly erotic.

The man watched her act slutty through his infrared glasses, his eyes darkening. He suddenly inserted two fingers into her mouth, stirring her oral cavity.

Serena immediately used her tongue to lick his fingers,while her hand wasn't idle, pulling down her panties and fingering her pussy. Her depraved appearance made the man's penis erect, straining against his pants.

"Slut, open your mouth."

As he unzipped his pants, he violently grabbed Serena'shair,pressing her head against his crotch.

Serena struggled to take him in; his penis was too large, and her mouth felt like it was being torn apart.

Her soft, hot mouth tightly wrapped around his penis, making the man close his eyes in pleasure, but he thrust even deeper, reaching her throat.
The contractions of her throat made him thrust wildly.

Serena's nose was filled with the scent of male hormones, her pitiful whimpers muffled by his penis.

Tears wet her eyelashes, and the feeling of suffocation returned, but Serena came, a suspicious puddle spreading beneath her.

The man saw this and disdainfully stepped on her.

His movements became more intense, thrusting dozens of times before ejaculating, filling Serena's mouth with semen, which dripped from the corners of her mouth onto her collarbone.

As his lust subsided, he tried to pull out, but Serena swallowed and began to give him another blowjob.

"What are you doing?" The man's voice was hoarse, his desire rekindled.

"Sir, please give me a child. I couldn't hide my belly, and don't you want it too? If I become Frederick's wife and have him raise your child,wouldn' 
t that be more exciting?"

The man hadn't expected Serena to be so depraved. He hadn't intended to have sex with her, but she persuaded him.

His penis hardened again,even more than before.

Without much hesitation, he pressed Serena to the ground,pushing her face into her urine.


His large hand pressed down on her upper body, and his penis entered her raised buttocks.


Her pussy was so wet that he slid in without any resistance.

The man's eyes were filled with madness. The thought of Frederick raising his child excited him.

He fucked Serena hard, showing no mercy and treating her like a sex doll.

Serena was fucked into a daze, letting him use her humiliatingly.

His penis was too large, and she felt her pussy being stretched smooth.

The man thrust violently until a wave of pleasure hit, and he roared,filling her with his semen.

Some of the white fluid leaked out, and the man used his fingers to push it back in.


Serena was still in the throes of orgasm, her lower body contracting,and she smiled foolishly after being satisfied.

The man cleaned his fingers in disgust and turned to the bathroom,leaving Serena to recall the moment.
###Chapter 80

Hospital.

Charlotte felt her nose itch and wanted to sneeze.

The sneeze didn't come out, leaving her feeling stifled. She opened her eyes and met Frederick's gaze.

She found herself lying on a hospital bed, while Frederick sat beside her,using a strand of her hair to tickle her nose.

"Are you crazy?" Charlotte sat up angrily, glaring at him.

No wonder she felt uncomfortable in her dream; it turned out Frederick was playing tricks on her.

"You slept so deeply that you didn't wake up even after coming back from the office to the hospital, making me, the patient, give up my spot.I woke her up, but she didn't appreciate it."

Frederick's tone was teasing, making Charlotte blush.

She then realized she had taken over Frederick's bed.

Her cheeks instantly burned as she got off the bed and asked, "When did you come back from the office? Why didn't I know? Why didn't you call me when you were at the office?"

She paused, then scrutinized Frederick. "Wait! I remember locking the break room door before I fell asleep. How did you get in?"

Frederick's lips curled into an uncontrollable smile, and Charlotte finally realized the key point. He calmly took out a key. "That's my territory. How could I not have a key?"


"You didn't take advantage of me, did you?" Charlotte cursed herself for being careless and quickly checked her clothes,fearing that Frederick might have taken liberties with her without her knowing.

"What do you think?" Frederick smiled mischievously, answering ambiguously on purpose.

He hadn't done anything to Charlotte. After finishing work, he had secretly kissed her forehead and, seeing how soundly she was sleeping,couldn't bear to wake her. But when she didn't wake up even after returning to the hospital room, he had to wake her out of concern for her health.

"You didn't do anything to me, right?" Charlotte checked herself thoroughly and found nothing unusual, but she still didn't trust Frederick easily.


"If you're so eager for me to do something, I can make up for it now."Frederick's lips curled into a wicked smile as he slowly approached her.

Charlotte could feel his breath on her cheek. She wanted to push him away,but a voice inside her wished they could stay like this forever, without any barriers between them. She didn't want to be apart from him.

The distance between them grew shorter, the atmosphere became more intimate,and the air grew warmer.

"Frederick!" Serena's voice came from the doorway.She stood there holding a bouquet of daisies, looking heartbroken as if she might shatter at any moment.

"Why are you here now? Where were you yesterday?" Frederick straightened up and moved away from Charlotte, but his gaze towards Serena was no longer warm.

"I went to pay my respects to my family. Even though they're gone, I still miss them. I'm sorry I didn't tell you in advance." Serena lowered her head slightly, a tear sliding down her cheek.

"It's okay," Frederick said flatly.

Serena glanced at Charlotte, her expression sorrowful. "Am I interrupting you? I know my timing is bad, so I'll leave."

Serena said she would leave, but she didn't mnove at all.

Seeing Serena like this, Charlotte knew she was pretending to be weak to make Frederick feel sorry for her.

Charlotte's face turned pale, the blush completely gone, and she said coldly,"I'm the one who should leave. Why do you pretend?"

She tried to walk past Frederick, but he grabbed her arm.

Frederick looked into her eyes, his voice calm yet tender. "Who said you should leave?"

Serena's smile froze on her face, but since Frederick had spoken, she couldn't argue.

Forcing a smile, Serena walked into the room and said to Charlotte, "That's right, Charlotte. No one is asking you to leave. Don't be so sensitive."

Serena's words made her seem like Frederick's wife and anyone who didn't know might think she was being magnanimous.

Charlotte looked at her coldly. She wasn't as cheeky as Serena. Couldn't compare to Serena.

As the tension between them grew, Frederick, worried that Charlotte might leave, deliberately showed weakness. "My wounds need dressing. I don't want to call a nurse."


Charlotte glanced at his injuries.

The abrasions had scabbed over, but the deeper wounds hadn't healed and were even oozing blood.

Although she felt sorry for Frederick's injuries, she reminded herself that he got injuries because of Serena. Did she have to take care of him?

Charlotte pressed her lips together and didn't move.

Serena stepped forward, opened the medical kit, and prepared to dress Frederick's wounds.

She said to Frederick, "I'll take care of you. There's no need to trouble Ms.Russell. She's already very tired. If you don't let me take care of you, I'll feel bad."


Frederick frowned. He didn't want any other woman touching him, not even Serena.


But seeing Charlotte's lack of reaction, he felt frustrated.

"Fine," Frederick responded, deliberately unbuttoning his shirt in front of both women, revealing his firm muscles.

Serena couldn't help but swallow as she looked at his chest and abs.

Even though her master had satisfied her today, Frederick's incredible physique still made her swoon. 
Charlotte rolled her eyes at the two of them.

She could tell Frederick was trying to provoke her, but she found him annoying.

Charlotte wanted to leave, but as she bent down to grab her phone,she accidentally got close to Serena.

Charlotte immediately gagged and retched several times before rushing to the bathroom in a panic.

She vomited several times before stopping.

Frederick had hopped over on one leg and was gently patting her back with his warm hand. "What's wrong? Why did you suddenly throw up?"

Charlotte's mind was on high alert, fearing Frederick might suspect she was pregnant.

Feeling weak from vomiting, Charlotte pointed at Serena by the door and said, "She has a smell on her that makes me feel sick. It's fishy and nauseating."

Charlotte wasn't just using Serena as an excuse. The smell from Serena had indeed made her vomit.

Serena's usual musk perfume was gone, and though she had recently showered, there was still an indescribable odor.

"A fishy smell?" Frederick looked up at Serena.

Serena's face turned pale, and she nervously sniffed herself.

Had she not cleaned herself properly in her rush to shower? Damn Charlotte,she could smell it.

"Charlotte, what do you mean by this? Are you trying to say I'm dirty in front of Frederick? I know you don't like me, but that's no reason to slander me." Serena's tears came quickly.

###Chapter 81

Serena cried harder and felt more wronged, determined to get an explanation from Charlotte.

Charlotte didn't have time to deal with her. The intense nausea overwhelmed her stomach, and the urge to vomit was so strong that .she couldn't stop.

"I'll call the doctor." Frederick frowned, deciding to get a doctor to check on her.


"No! I'm fine." Charlotte was already exhausted from vomiting, but she still held onto Frederick's arm, not letting him call the doctor.

Charlotte had hidden it for so long, endured so much to keep the child's existence a secret, and she couldn't bear to expose it now.

Serena naturally didn't want Frederick to know either, and she forgot to sob.


Serena followed Charlotte's lead and persuaded, "Yeah, Charlotte is just being dramatic. There's no need to call a doctor. Maybe she's just pretending."

As soon as Serena finished speaking, she met Frederick's gaze.

His eyes were cold,filled with a chilling light that made her shiver.

Serena's legs trembled, feeling that Frederick's gaze was full of disdain as if she shouldn't be here at all.

Realizing this, Serena panicked. Frederick ultimately didn't call the doctor. Instead, he gently and carefully rubbed Charlotte's back, helping her catch her breath, and then handed her a glass of water to rinse her mouth.


His tender demeanor made Charlotte a bit uncomfortable.

Her stomach finally felt better, and when she looked up, she felt like her waist was about to break.

"How are you feeling? Do you still want to vomit?" Frederick asked.

"Frederick, you're so concerned about her. Why don't you ask if I'm feeling okay?"

Serena had just decided not to make a fuss, but seeing Frederick so gentle made her feel uncomfortable.

Frederick frowned, his voice cold and hard, "Are you feeling unwell? Why do you have such a disgusting smell on you?"

His nose wasn't as sensitive as Charlotte's, but he had smelled a faint fishy odor on Serena when she stood next to him.

At first, he thought it was blood, but upon closer inspection, it wasn't. It was a smell similar to seafood, but more like a man's semen.

Thinking of this, Frederick's gaze grew colder.

"Frederick,how can you say that about me?"

Serena looked shattered, tears in her eyes. "I told you I went to pay respects to my family, Maybe I picked up some smells at the cemetery,but that doesn't mean you can despise me like this! Charlotte, you're doing this on purpose, aren't you? You just want to embarrass me. How can you be so cruel?"

Charlotte covered her nose and looked at Serena.

Her voice was cold as she said, "I didn't want to make things too clear to save you some face, but if you think I'm afraid of you, I can say what I smelled. Do you want me to?"

"Whatever you say, it's just your word against mine."

Serena felt guilty but didn't believe Charlotte could smell anything.

Charlotte chuckled, "Do you think taking a shower half an hour ago would completely cover the smell?"


She raised an eyebrow at Serena, her sharp gaze resembling Frederick's.

"So what if I took a shower before going out? Is that a crime?"

Serena was genuinely afraid of Charlotte.

How could Charlotte guess the exact time she took a shower? Did she have some ability, or was it just a guess?

"Serena, everyone has their secrets. If you don't provoke me, I won't provoke you."

Charlotte's words were clear.

She wasn't just talking about this incident but also her pregnancy. She wanted to warn Serena to stop causing trouble and know when to stop.

Serena felt unwilling but had to keep her mouth shut.

She didn't dare to gamble. If Charlotte had some ability, her pure image inFrederick's mind would collapse.

That was something she didn't want to see.

Frederick, who had been ignored, squinted his eyes,hiding all his emotions.


These two women were both hiding secrets from him.

A knock on the door interrupted the conversation, and several doctors in white uniforms walked in.

Seeing no sign of Frederick onthe hospital bed, they were momentarily stunned before noticing the three people in the bathroom.

"Mr. Percy, we're here to conduct your discharge evaluation. Please cooperate a bit. If the evaluation shows you can be treated at home, you can go home today."

The head doctor, standing at the front, spoke kindly to Frederick.

"Okay."

Frederick noddled. He had instructed his subordinates to handle the discharge, and going home was preferable since he was uncomfortable in the hospital.

But as soon as Frederick returned to the hospital bed, he saw someone he didn't want to see.

"Charlotte."

Jasper emerged from behind the doctors, looking at Charlotte with eyes full of tenderness and a smile. The doctors who were somewhat familiar with Jasper teased, "Dr. Johnson,who is this? You two seem to have an unusualrelationship."

"Are you two a couple? I've never seen Dr. Johnson smile at any girl before."


"Haha, no wonder Dr. Johnson didn't want us to introduce him to anyone.He already has someone, and she's so pretty. Dr. Johnson, you're lucky."

Jasper listened to the teasing without refuting or correcting them, just smiling lightly.

Charlotte, on the other hand, felt a bit awkward.

Jasper had confessed his feelings to her, and she had just rejected him.Now,being talked about like this could easily lead to misunderstandings,especially in front of Frederick.

Although she didn't think Frederick would be jealous because of her,as a man, Frederick wouldn't let it go easily.

Charlotte sneaked a glance at Frederick, and sure enough, he looked grim.

Frederick pushed away the doctor checking his wound and looked over,"
Who did you say is whose girlfriend?"

The doctors who had spoken stiffened and fell silent.

The discharge evaluation didn't require so many people, but the head doctor,knowing Frederick's special status, had all the relevant doctors present. They had intended to chat and just go through the motions, not expecting to anger the famous CEO.

Everyone looked at Charlotte, and the atmosphere became awkward.Serena glanced at Charlotte, who was the center of attention, and said to Frederick,"Frederick, let's focus on the main issue."

Frederick ignored her, still looking in Charlotte's direction, his expression serious."Charlotte, aren't you going to explain?"

"What's there to explain? Stop being unreasonable." Charlotte didn't want so much attention, as it made her feel pressured.

"Unreasonable? Or are you just eager to find another man? Charlotte,can't you live without a man?"
###Chapter 82

Frederick sneered, his eyes cold as ice. "Mr. Percy,that's too much!"

Jasper stepped in front of Charlotte,blocking Frederick's view.

He and Frederick locked eyes. Although Jasper was usually gentle and never argued with anyone, at this moment, his aura was nó less intimidating than Frederick's.

Sparks flew between them.

Jasper's eyes were cold, but he still took the initiative to speak to everyone,
"Charlotte and I have been old friends for many years. Of course,we would greet each other. Sorry for the misunderstanding."

The doctor who had been joking earlier laughed dryly, "So you two are childhood friends. We misunderstood."

They wanted to brush the matter off, but Frederick's face darkened even more upon hearing the term "childhood friends."

"Jasper, do you think having a reputation for seducing a married woman is something to be proud of?" Frederick's voice was low, almost making the matter explicit.


Jasper was a bit surprised. He raised an eyebrow. "Mr. Percy,you have quite the jealousy. But before you hold others accountable, have you ever considered if you set a good example yourself?"

After speaking, Jasper's gaze subtly fell on Serena, making his point very clear.

He was implying that Frederick should take care of his affairs before meddling in others'.

Frederick's eyes darkened. "What does this have to do with you?"

Everyone present held their breath, not daring to breathe loudly, fearing they might accidentally offend Frederick.

Jasper smiled faintly.

He said. "I'm just saying, don't be so hypocritical. If you're not good to her,there are plenty of people who would be, even better than you."

Charlotte felt a headache coming on.

Jasper's words were practically a provocation, making it seem like there was something between them.

Even if others didn't misunderstand, they would now.

Frederick's domineering presence was evident as he said in a deep voice."I said, this is none of your business. Even if I don't want something, I won't allow others to touch it."

This was Frederick's most genuine thought.

When he proposed the divorce, he had specifically created a maintenance agreement to ensure that Charlotte wouldn't be touched by anyone else, no matter who it was.


"Enough!" Charlotte shouted. She looked at Frederick and said, "I'm not your possession. I'm a living person. My choices don't need your approval!


After saying this, Charlotte ran out, not wanting to stay and embarrass herself with Frederick.

Did Frederick think dliscussing such matters in public was honorable?

Jasper gave Frederick a deep look and then chased after her.

The remaining people in the room didn't know what to do,fearing they might be implicated and targeted by Frederick.

Serena's eyes followed Jasper's figure until he completely disappeared at the door, then she retracted her gaze.

Serena felt a sense of loss. In her heart, Jasper was always different.

"Doctor, continue," Serena said, asking the doctorto continue examining Frederick.


"Alright." The doctors, having received permission, got back to work. This time,they were very straightforward and directly told Frederick that he could be discharged and recuperate at home.

Frederick ignored them and just drove them out.

Serena watched from the side, not daring to say anything to Frederick.wanting to remain unnoticed.

Midnight.

Charlotte refused Taylor's invitation to stay and returned to the Percy Villa,mainly because Jasper had also moved into Taylor's apartment.

They were siblings, so it was fine for them, but it was inconvenient for her,especially since Jasper had just confessed to her.

Charlotte tiptoed into the living room. The house was pitch black. She didn't turn on the lights, not wanting to disturb anyone, and just wanted to go upstairs to rest. As soon as she stepped on the stairs, she heard Frederick's hoarse voice in the darkness. "You still know to come back?"

Frederick was smiling, but it was a cold smile, making Charlotte feel uneasy.

As she turned around, the living room lights came on, and the bright light momentarily blinded her.

When Charlotte reopened her eyes, Frederick was already in front of her.

"What are you doing here?" Charlotte didn't answer but asked back.

Frederick's expression was cold, but his eyes were dark as he stared at her."Were you with Jasper just now? Alone with him until midnight,afraid nothing would happen?"

Charlotte frowned. "Do you have to be so aggressive? I was at my friend's house. Jasper is her brother. That's all there is to our relationship. Why do you always have to assume the worst about mne?"

"Is it me assuming the worst, or are you feeling guilty?" Frederick grabbed her wrist.


"Let go! You're hurting me!" Charlotte cried out in pain but didn't struggle because she knew if she did, he would grip tighter.

Frederick wrapped his arm around her waist, turning and pushing them both onto the sofa.


He pinned Charlotte beneath him, his eyes red. "Why can't you just behave? Why do you have to leave me?" Charlotte almost laughed in anger at his words, "And what about you and Serena? What were you thinking when you were entangled with her? Is it me wanting to leave, or are you going too far? If Serena is the one you want, what difference does it make if I stay or go?"

She hadn't wanted to bring up anything about Serena.

Frederick's expression was cold, his eyes filled with dark emotions. "Do you also think I'm hypocritical? Charlotte, look me in the eye and tell me,have you ever caught me being ambiguous with Serena? When have I ever said I wanted to leave you?"

"No ambiguity?"

Charlotte almost laughed in anger, "Then explain why Serena is pregnant!If there's nothing between you two, how did she get pregnant? Is she a hermaphrodite?"

"That was an accident!" Frederick's voice was cold as he forced her to face him.

"Whatever, you say it was an accident, then let's call it an accident."Charlotte looked at him,her tone filled with sorrow.

She couldn't believe Frederick was such a person, someone who wouldn't take responsibility.

"Charlotte, I didn't say anything before because I didn't want to, but I can tell you, the night Serena returned, I picked her up from the airport. We drank too much at dinner, and that's how that night happened. But after that, I never touched her again. You know, she drugged me that day,and I didn't even touch her!"

Frederick didn't remember, but he saw the records of what he had done. When he saw that Serena had drugged him and was caught by Anouk and Charlotte, he became suspicious of Serena.

Charlotte's emotions were complicated.

He was doing it again.

Every time she decided to leave, to completely break away,Frederick would make her waver.


Charlotte looked at him, her eyes dark. "But what does it matter? What's done is done. Serena is pregnant. Are you saying you'll never touch her again after you marry her? Frederick, do you know how much it hurts me when you torment my heart like this? I'd rather you give me a clean break than keep dragging this out."

"No, I won't allow it."

Frederick felt a bit panicked.

He could use the records from his amnesia to understand what had happened in the past month, but he couldn't figure out how he had managed to keep Charlotte from leaving before.

He had made her give up the idea of leaving before, but now he had messed it up again.

For the first time in his life, Frederick felt defeated. He wanted to make up but didn't know how.

He said,"I won't allow you to leave me. You can't, and you mustn't leave me!"
###Chapter 83

Frederick stubbornly continued, his kisses falling all over.

His domineering lips and tongue tried to invade Charlotte's mouth, but Charlotte clenched her teeth, refusing to let the detestable Frederick succeed.


Frederick rubbed her lips for a while, realizing he couldn't pry her mouth open for the time being, so he turned to other means of teasing.

He yanked down Charlotte's pants, leaving only her pure white panties,revealing her smooth skin and long, straight legs. His fingertips touched her,feeling the soft and delicate texture, stirring his heart.

Frederick's blood surged, and he instantly became hard.

He pulled her panties aside, exposing Charlotte's pussy like a flower bud in front of him.

This was the first time Frederick had looked at Charlotte's body so closely.Previously,he had only known rough satisfaction, never such detailed foreplay.

"Don't look there." Charlotte felt extremely ashamed. She never expected Frederick to lower his head and look so closely at her pussy.

"Can't look? Then I won't." Frederick chuckled softly,then closed his eyes and kissed her pussy.

Charlotte was startled by the soft, slippery sensation, but was immediately overwhelmed by an intense pleasure that invaded her mind.

At first, Frederick's tongue only teased the edges, but as her juices flowed, 
he followed the direction of the flow, completely blocking the small hole with his tongue, gathering the liquid before swallowing it all.

"Not there... don't..." Charlotte weakly tried to push his head away,but she had no strength in her hands.

It seemed like a refusal, but more like an invitation.

Frederick became even more excited, his tongue moving faster.

Charlotte's whole body trembled. She never knew that sex could have so many variations, and she had never been treated like this before. Under the intense stimulation, she felt she was about to climax.

Frederick could feel her rapid breathing, knowing she was ready to explode.

Just at the critical moment, Frederick suddenly stopped, lifting his head to admire her expression.

As he pulled away, Charlotte felt an immense emptiness, the unbearable feeling making her whimper.

This was too torturous!

Charlotte opened her eyes, filled with endless allure, mixed with a hint of grievance and questioning.

She seemed to be accusing Frederick of why he stopped at her happiest moment.

Frederick caught her thoughts, a wicked smile spreading across his lips.

His penis was now as hard as it could be, eager to pin her down and fuck her hard. But the more desperate she was, the less he was willing to continue easily.

"Do you want it?"

Frederick's hand roamed over her body, paying special áttention to her erect nipples, which turned even redder under his large hand, almost bleeding.

Charlotte twisted her waist in discomfort, her tender skin brushing against Frederick's penis, causing him to lose his tight grip on reason.

Frederick punished her by slapping her firm buttocks, leaving a clear handprint.

The pink mark darkened Frederick's gaze, making him feel like Charlotte was entirely his.

Her vulva was glistening with fluid, completely soaked, looking both innocent and seductive, more like an invitation.

Frederick couldn't hold back any longer. He lifted her beautiful legs onto his shoulders and thrust in forcefully.

As their lower bodies fully connected, both couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief.


Frederick gave Charlotte no time to breathe, immediately moving his hips rapidly after entering, pounding her hard.

"Too..,too fast!"

Charlotte was pinned down, her legs spread wide, taking Frederick's thrusts one after another,begging for mercy.

Her lower body contracted violently, gripping Frederick painfully, making it hard for him to move.

Charlotte tried to curl up, but Frederick wouldn't let her go. He lifted her entirely, pressing her against the back of the sofa, thrusting even harder.

Charlotte's limbs went limp from the pounding, her fingers twisting in the air like a dying struggle as she climaxed.

Their bodies shook, moving faster and faster, Frederick's actions growing more and more intense.

Charlotte didn't know how many times she climaxed, her lower body covered in sticky fluids, climax after climax.

It wasn't until she was about to pass out that Frederick finally felt it.

He kissed the tears at the corners of her eyes, his movements becoming even more intense, thrusting hard a few more times before deeply entering her body, releasing inside her, their fluids mixing completely.

Frederick exhaled, the lingering pleasure making him feel completely relaxed.

He didn't leave Charlotte's body immediately, still holding her in their joined position.

His large hand roamed over her body soothingly, kissing the corners of her eyes,both encouraging and praising her.

Charlotte felt soft and weak,completely drained of strength.

But Frederick's gentle post-coital caresses made her feel unprecedented relaxation and comfort, even easing the fatigue from earlier.

Frederick's large hand brushed over her lower abdomen, a hint of surprise 
flashing in his mind.

Charlotte hadn't gained weight, her limbs slender and her waist supple.but her lower abdomen had a slighit bulge, and the touch was hard,not soft.


Though Frederick found it strange, he didn't mention it.thinking Charlotte had just gained weight.

Charlotte felt his touch, her heart tightening slightly, but since Frederick didn't ask anything, she assumed he hadn't noticed anything unusual, so she relaxed.


The next day.


Charlotte didn't want to accompany Frederick to the company, but he insisted firmly.


Serena walked out of the bedroom, looking in high spirits today, her whole being radiant.


Seeing Frederick, she approached shyly and said, "Frederick, I have a party to attend today, hosted by an agency under the Percy Group.There will be many big names from the film industry. I want to get to know them, but I'm worried that having been out of acting for so long,they might look down on me. Could you accompany me? I know you don't like these events, but I'm really at a loss. I've been out of the entertainment industry for five years, and I'm probably not even as good as a newcomer now."


As Serena spoke, tears welled up in her eyes, looking at Frederick with anticipation, waiting for his response.

Charlotte glanced at her, feeling Serena was exaggerating. With her ability to cry on cue, her acting skills would surely help her regain a foothold in the entertainment industry.

But that had nothing to do with him.
###Chapter 84

Frederick's frown was almost imperceptible. He first glanced at Charlotte before saying, "What time does it start? I'm very busy today."

"How can you be busy? I asked you yesterday, and you said you had already turned away many people who came to inquire. How can you be busy? Frederick, do you not want to go with me?"

Serena didn't realize that her intrusive behavior had already deeply displeased Frederick.


Frederick's brows furrowed tightly, and there was a hint of ruthlessness in his eyes, but he didn't show it. Instead, he agreed very straightforwardly.

"Okay."

"Great, Frederick! I knew you were the best to me! I'll send you the address and time of the party later. I need to go get ready now. See you there."


Serena was very happy.

She had long seen through the nature of the entertainment industry,where people are either praised or stepped on. If she didn't leverage Frederick's influence, she would be looked down upon. So,no matter what,she had to bring Frederick to support her.

When Serena left, she only gave Charlotte a fleeting glance. She was in a good mood today and didn't have time to pick a fight with Charlotte.

But in the evening, Serena was dumbfounded.

Frederick's car was parked outside the banquet hall, but the people in the car didn't get out, which inevitably drew attention. Everyone wanted to see who was so high and mighty that they wouldn't get out of the car.

Charlotte gripped the car door handle tightly, looking at Frederick angrily.
"If you want to go, go by yourself. Let the driver take me home."

"I said, I won't allow you to leave my sight. You must stay by my side."

Frederick said domineeringly, lifting her chin with his hand, and forcing her to look at him.

"You shameless!"

Charlotte punched him in the chest. "I shouldn't have listened to you. I knew you had ulterior motives when you gave me that dress. This place is full of people from the entertainment industry. I didn't even put on makeup. Do you want to see me make a fool of myself?"

"You don't need makeup to be more beautiful than anyone else."

Frederick's tone was light, but his gaze was focused on her,making Charlotte blush.


She was just glad the car was dimly lit. Otherwise, it would be embarrassing to be so easly flustered by a few sweet words from him.

Frederick's car window was knocked on, and it was Serena.

She raised her voice, bending down to get closer to the window."Frederick,why dlidn't you get out? Do I have to come out and get you?"

Serena's voice was loud, clearly meant for the people around to hear.

She wanted all eyes on her, especially since a few minor characters had dared to say they didn't recognize her earlier. 
Frederick rolled down the window, and Charlotte could no longer hide,being seen by everyone.

Serena's expression twisted for a moment when she saw Charlotte. "What are you doing here?"

Her tone was full of malice when she spoke to Charlotte. "Charlotte, don't force your way into circles you don't belong in. This is the entertainment industry, not a place for someone like you."

"Is that so?"

Charlotte replied coolly, "But if someone like you can get in, the standards can't be that high."

"You!"

Serena,frustrated by Charlotte, turned to Frederick and whined, "Frederick,didn't you promise to be my date? Can you make her leave?"

Charlotte rolled her eyes.

She didn't want to come in the first place. Frederick had tricked her into wearing a new dress and then went back on his word,bringing her here when he had promised to take her home from the Percy Group.

"I only promised to attend."

Frederick said indifferently, getting out of the car and walking around to the other side to open the door for Charlotte.

He extended his hand to invite Charlotte out, raising an eyebrow with a clear threat.

Charlotte was helpless, but since things had come to this point, there wasno need to be coy. She placed her delicate hand in Frederick's palm.

Serena's face turned pale, and she almost lost her balance.

Serena had spent a lot of time and effort on her appearance today to outshine everyone else. With Frederick's support, she believed she would be the most dazzling presence at the party.

But all her plans were ruined by Charlotte!

Damn it!

Charlotte deserved to die!

The people gathered at the entrance were all drawn to Frederick, curious about the beautiful woman who was with him.

Just seeing Charlotte's hand was enough to impress them. Her hand was delicate and smooth, with straight, well-proportioned fingers and a hint of color at the knuckles and fingertips.

When she stepped out of the car,she was even more stunning.

Charlotte was wearing a minimalist dress designed by a top designer.The moon-white dress outlined her curves, and her slightly rounded belly didn'
t detract from her beauty but added a touch of charm.

Especially her face, was flawless and exquisitely structured, with no signs of cosmetic surgery or makeup.

"Can you tell what foundation she's using? I need to buy the same one."

"The clearest foundation can't achieve that. Look closely,there's no color difference between her face and neck. She's not wearing makeup." "Yes! Not only is she not wearing foundation, but she also has no makeup at all. She's completely bare-faced."

"And her eyelashes are thicker than my extensions. She's like a fairy."

Seeing everyone captivated by Charlotte's beauty, Serena dug her nails into her palms in anger.


To her, Charlotte was just a pretty face, not as extraordinary as everyone said. It was just that the dress she wore today added to her charm.

Frederick stood proudly beside Charlotte, satisfied with the envious looks of others.

At this moment, the blockbuster director of the entertainment industry,Luke Wood, had just gotten out of his car.

He was initially annoyed that the car in front was taking so long, delaying his entrance. But when he saw who got out of the car, his annoyance vanished.


"Mr.Percy,I'm Luke Wood. We've met before."

Luke approached, greeting Frederick. This was not just a sign of respect but also recognition.

Although Luke was a top-tier director with significant power and resources,he was still far below someone like Frederick from a super-rich family.

Frederick had a vague impression of the bearded middle-aged man but remained indifferent.

"Hello." His attitude was cold and distant.

Luke wasn't offended. After smiling, he glanced at Charlotte. Just one look left him stunned.

###Chapter 85

Charlotte was startled by Luke's gaze.

Although there was no malice in Luke's eyes, the intensity of his gaze made her feel uneasy.

Frederick stepped forward and blocked Luke's view.

"What are you looking at?"

He didn't like the way people ogled Charlotte.

Luke snapped out of it and immediately apologized, "I'm sorry, I lost my composure.I just saw this lady's face and thought."

"Thought what?" Charlotte turned her head to look at him.

The way he looked at her seemed familiar and excited as if he had known her before.

"Nothing."

Luke paused for a moment, hiding the turmoil in his heart, and then smiled, "I just thought your face is so beautiful. If you entered the entertainment industry, you would become a big star. But then I thought,since you are Mr. Percy's person, how could you possibly want to join my crew and endure the hardships?"

"Thank you for the compliment, but I don't act."

Charlotte gracefully thanked Luke, politely declining while saving his face.

This man with an artistic-looking beard turned out to be a director. "That's a pity. It's a loss for the entertainment industry."

Luke joked, but his eyes still inadvertently fell on Charlotte's face, as if he couldn't get enough of it.

Serena, who had been ignored like a transparent person, wished she could strangle Charlotte on the spot.

Charlotte,that bitch!

Not only did she steal Frederick's affection, but now even a top domestic director was showing her favor!

Luke must be flattering Charlotte because of Frederick,not because of Charlotte herself.

Thinking this, Serena stepped forward and took Frederick's arm,pressing herself against his side.

"Mr. Wood, hello. I love all your works, especially that tragic movie that makes me cry every time I watch it. It's such a classic. It's a pity I've been retired for five years, otherwise, we might have had a chance to work together."

Serena felt a bit smug, having done her homework on famous directors and their works.

Luke looked at her, his brows furrowing involuntarily.

He didn't like women who threw themselves at men, even if she was clinging to Frederick. It was clear that the girl earlier was his companion.

"Thank you for your appreciation." Luke responded coldly, then nodded at Frederick but spoke kindly toCharlotte, "I won't keep you any longer. See you around."

Charlotte didn't speak, just nodded lightly.

Although Luke had no hostility towards her, she was still puzzled. But it had nothing to do with her; she didn't think she would have any further contact with him.


Serena felt utterly humiliated and wanted to go mad on the spot.

Serena cursed inside, 'That damn Luke! What did he mean by that?

He was so obsequious to Charlotte, smiling so warmly, but acted all aloof with her.


Couldn't Luke see that she, Serena, was the one closest to Frederick?

He must be blind!

Serena,filled with anger, questioned Charlotte,"What are you doing here?This isn't a place for nobodies like you. Are you deliberatelytrying to oppose me?"

Charlotte was a bit surprised.

"Serena, are you not even pretending anymore? You're threatening me right in front of Frederick?"

Previously, Serena would at least put on a show in front of Frederick,but now she wasn't even pretending, exposing her true self right in front of him.

Serena realized she might have misspoken and her expression became stiff.

She played the victim, turning to Frederick. "Frederick, you promised to come to the party with me. Why did you bring Charlotte too? Don't you care about my feelings? Do you know how hurtful this is for me?"

"Are you accusing me?" Frederick's gaze was cold, devoid of any.emotional fluctuation, but it still sent chills down Serena's spine.

"No, how could I accuse you, Frederick? I just care about you so much.I can't stand sharing you with anyone else. Can you understand how I feel?"

Serena tried to use her usual tactic of playing the victim, hoping to get away with it.

But this time, it didn't work.

"I can't understand." Frederick felt a wave of irritation at the thought of Serena's earlier malicious behavior.

He had always thought Serena was kind and fragile, so he indulged her,even letting Charlotte suffer to avoid hurting Serena.

But now, with all the evidence, he realized the little white rabbit he had been protecting was a cunning fox!

"Frederick, did Charlotte say something to you to make you misunderstand me?"

Serena still couldn't believe Frederick was truly done with her.

Frederick felt even more annoyed. He raised his arm and pushed Serena away.

He turned to face her, saying coldly, "I can tolerate your tantrums and unreasonable demands, but that's not a reason for you to target Charlotte.Until we are divorced, she is still my wife. What happened today better not happen again."

With that, Frederick grabbed Charlotte's hand.

Serena watched them leave, panic-stricken. "No, Frederick, don't go. You said you would come..."

"I only agreed to come, not to stay long. Now that I've been here, you can enjoy yourself." Frederick said, walking away decisively.

Charlotte almost stumbled as he pulled her along. His strides were so large that she had to jog to keep up.

Serena's eyes filled with tears. She felt abandoned.

The surrounding conversations were all mocking her.

"Who is that woman? She seems to have angered Mr. Percy. What's her relationship with him? They seem quite familiar."

"Maybe she's an old lover of Mr. Percy, and now that he has a new flame,he's discarded her. Didn't you see how beautiful that other woman was?"

"True, that woman is indeed very beautiful. If I were Mr. Percy, I'd choose her too."

"Haha, keep your voice down. Aren't you afraid she'll hear you?"

"Afraid of what? She's just a discarded plaything." The whispers around her felt like a cage trapping Serena.

Her body trembled, her eyes red with anger as she cursed, "Get lost! All of you! How dare you talk about me? Frederick will marry me, and you'll all be dead!"
###Chapter 86

Serena's crazed appearance made everyone avoid her.

These people weren't afraid of what she said; they just thought she was a madwoman abandoned by her benefactor and didn't want to get involved with her, so they stayed away.

"Charlotte, it's aIl your fault! You deserve to die!" Serena's eyes were dark,filled with resentment and unwillingness.

Even though these things had nothing to do with Charlotte,Serena still blamed everything on Charlotte.

If it weren't for Charlotte still holding onto the position of Frederick's wife,how could she be in such an awkward and illegitimate position now?

It was all Charlotte's fault. It was the existence of this woman that made her a laughingstock.

At this moment, Serena also forgot the task her master had given her,plotting in her heart how to take revenge on Charlotte. She must make Charlotte and the bastard in her belly pay for the humiliation she suffered today.


On the other side, Charlotte was also feeling miserable.

She hadn't spoken to Frederick the entire ride and didn't even want to look at him.

Several times Frederick tried to hold her hand, but she avoided him every time.

"What are you sulking about now?" Frederick's expression was cold, with a hint of anger.

Charlotte said angrily, "What right do I have to sulk? I'm just-a doormat between you and Serena."


Although Frederick had defended her in front of Serena earlier,his attitude was still unclear.

This emotional tug-of-war was driving her crazy.

Rather than this, she wished Frederick would give her a clean break.

"Do you know what you're saying? Charlotte, don't go too far. Do you know the consequences of your willfulness?" Frederick grabbed her wrist forcefully,completely unaware of why Charlotte was throwing a tantrum.

He had defended her earlier, and she didn't even thank him. Instead,she got angry, which was simply unreasonable.

"So what if I'm willful? Am I not even allowed to have normal human emotions? Frederick, I really can't understand you. Sometimes I feel like you love me, and we are so close, but other times you are so cold.You flirt with Serena while puling me along, making both women revolve around you,getting jealous and going crazy for you. Is this what you want?"

Charlotte didn't know why she suddenly got so angry.

When Frederick held her hand and left earlier, she saw Serena's expression when she looked back.

Serena's sinister and crazed look gave Charlotte a sense of impending doom. If she continued to entangle with Frederick,she feared she would become a madwoman like Serena."Charlotte!" Frederick shouted, his expression cold and dark, "Have I been spoiling you too much lately, making you forget your place?"

Frederick, disregarding the driver in front, pulled Charlotte over and tore open her collar, biting down on her.

The sudden change and intense shame made Charlotte panic.

Frederick gripped her neck tightly, biting hard as if he wanted to tear a piece of flesh from her.

Charlotte struggled desperately, the strong sense of suffocation making her afraid.


She had silently endured Frederick's sexual desires before, but today he did it in front of the driver, which crossed her bottom line.

Frederick bit her punitively, his hand about to reach into her clothes when he felt a heart-wrenching pain in his injured leg.

Charlotte had kicked him hard and quickly shrank to the other side,putting distance between them.

Charlotte looked at him warily.

Frederick's expression was terrifyingly dark. He hadn't expected Charlotte to strike him so hard.

After the doctor's careful treatment, he could walk normally without being noticed, but only if he didn't suffer a secondary injury.

Seeing his pained expression, Charlotte knew she had kicked too hard.

But in this situation, she couldn't back down or bow to him, or Frederick would do something even worse. The driver in the front didn't want to get involved, but seeing Frederick's expression, he had to speak up.

He asked. "Mr. Percy, should we go to the hospital?"

"Yes." Frederick answered, giving Charlotte a warning look.

Once he got his wound fixed, he would make Charlotte pay for her actions.

Charlotte felt the threat in his eyes, and a strong sense of unease rose in her heart.

"Unlock the door, I want to get out!" Charlotte pulled the door handle, but it didn't budge.

The driver felt confused; he couldn't make the decision and could only observe Frederick's expression through the rearview mirror.

Frederick's expression was dark, staring at Charlotte, gritting his teeth,"Charlotte, stop it! I need medical attention."

"I want to get out!" Charlotte reiterated her demand, the panic and fear in her eyes piercing Frederick.

He endured the pain, reaching out to calm her fear. "Are you afraid of me?



But before his hand could touch her, Charlotte forcefully knocked it away.

"Don't touch me! Let me out!" Charlotte's tears fell, her emotions so intense that even her breathing became rapid.

Frederick didn't understand why she was reacting so strongly this time,but her tears pained him. "Let her out." His voice was hoarse, filled with heartbreak and gloom.

"Yes." The driver didn't dare disobey, and despite the unsuitable location,he stopped and unlocked the door.

As soon as the door was unlocked, Charlotte got out and slammed the door shut.


The sound of the door slamming deeply struck Frederick's heart.

He watched Charlotte stummble towards the roadside, feeling that painful sting in his heart again.


Frederick clutched his chest, unable to describe the feeling at that moment.

This emotion felt very unfamiliar to him.

"Mr. Percy, should we go? Your leg can't wait." The driver spoke timidly.

"Drive." Frederick took one last look at Charlotte,who was now sitting on a roadside stone.

He closed his eyes and leaned back in the seat, feeling that the pain in his leg was nothing compared to the pain in his heart.

Had he done something wrong?

No,he would never'let Charlotte leave him, no matter how despicable the means.


The car sped away like lightning, while Charlotte sat by the roadside,feeling worse than she had imagined.

She thought that being away from Frederick would calm her emotions. But sitting there, Charlotte felt like she couldn't breathe, her breaths becoming more labored, gasping for air but getting very little, her hands and feet starting to tingle, and her fingers stiffening.
###Chapter 87

Charlotte wanted to call for help, but the road was filled with speeding cars and there were hardly any pedestrians.


Charlotte didn't know what was happening to her, she just felt it was getting harder and harder to breathe, and a greater sense of panic rose in her heart.

Could it be that she was going to die here?

Tears streamed down her face, and Charlotte didn't have time to regret it,forcing herself to breathe as steadily as possible.

She had to save herself, even if it was for the baby in her belly.

With difficulty, she took out her phone and instinctively wanted to call Frederick, but thinking about the situation just now, Charlotte believed he wouldn't answer her call at this time.

Without much hesitation, Charlotte called Jasper.

"Hello? Charlotte." Jasper answered almost immediately.

Charlotte tried to breathe steadily, but could only say brokenly, "I... can't breathe, my hands and feet are numb, what should I do?"

Charlotte tried to describe her symptoms as briefly as possible, but the numb and cold feeling was already spreading from the ends of her limbs.

"Don't be afraid, try to calm yourself down and stay calm." Jasper put down his work and guided Charlotte step by step to save herself, "Is there a plastic bag or paper bag around you?" "No." Charlotte was trying to control her fear, but she was still crying.

"Okay, it's fine. Now use your other hand to cover your mouth and nose completely, try to cover it tightly. Don't be afraid, your symptoms are just respiratory alkalosis. As long as you cover it and reduce the exhalation of carbon dioxide, it will slowly alleviate." Jasper's voice was gentle yet strong.which made Charlotte's uneasy emotions calm down a lot.

Charlotte tried to cover her mouth and nose, leaving only a small gap for air to pass through.

"Yes,you're doing great. Keep it up, the symptoms will disappear soon.This is not a serious condition, you were just too emotional just now.As long as you can retain the carbon dioxide, you'll be fine."

Sure enough, just as Jasper said, Charlotte soon felt her breathing was no longer so rapid, and she was no longer gasping for ai,but her body was still numb and weak.

"When you feel a bit better, tell me where you are, and I'll come find you,"Jasper said as he got up and started changing clothes.

The pregnancy hormones might make her more sensitive, but they wouldn't cause respiratory alkalosis for no reason. Charlotte must have been strongly stimulated to become so emotional.

No matter where she was, he had to find her as soon as possible.

Charlotte felt very touched.

Her breathing had gradually stabilized. "But I don't know where I am."

Because the party was held in a villa, it was on the outskirts of the city,not a place she usually went to. 
"Okay, no problem. Let's hang up first, and you send me your location."Jasper held his car keys and went downstairs, ready to find her as soon as she sent her location.


"Okay," Charlotte responded.


After hanging up the phone, Charlotte realized she had somehow slid off the stone block and was now sitting on the ground, her back against the stone block.


She felt a bit fortunate. If it weren't for the stone block by the roadside, she might not even have the strength to sit up straight.

After catching her breath for a while, Charlotte finally had a bit of strength and was about to send her locátion to Jasper when the light in front of her was suddenly blocked.

Charlotte looked up and saw two men dressed in shabby clothes, their eyes full of amazement and desire.

She wanted to get up, but she had no strength at all.

"Go away!" Charlotte shouted with all her might, trying to sound fierce.

But in her current weak state, even if she tried to act tough, she looked like a toothless kitten.


"Quite a temper, I like it." One of the men, with a lewd smile and yellow teeth, said, "You don't need to be so scared. We're not bad guys. We saw you sitting here alone from a distance, so we came over to see if you needed any help."

"No need! My friend will be here soon to pick me up." Charlotte tried to keep a stern face and hold herself up. 
If she didn't act tough now, the other party would only hurt her more carelessly. So she had to be strong now.

"You've got quite a temper, woman. My brother is gentle with women,but I don't play that gentlemanly game. You'd better cooperate with us, or you'Il suffer."


The red-haired man threatened Charlotte with a very bad attitude and then tried to pull her.

"Don't touch me! Get your dirty hands off me!" Charlotte tried to dodge,secretly unlocking her phone to call the police.

."You filthy bitch! Are you disgusted by me? I know you women are all the same,cheap and gold-digging! You throw yourselves at rich men, but act all high and mighty with us poor guys! You're all trash! Watch me ruin you today!"

The red-haired man,enraged,reached out to pull Charlotte's hair.

The yellow-toothed man stopped him, put his arm around his neck,and walked a few steps away, "Don't be impulsive! Did you forget what that person said..."

Charlotte couldn't hear what he said next, but she became suspicious.

Charlotte initially thought she was just unlucky to get out of the car early and run into thugs,but the yellow-toothed man mentioned 'that person,which meant someone might be behind this.

Charlotte's first thought was Serena because she hadn't offended anyone else.

No,there was also the Russell family... The last time theyhad such an unpleasant encounter, the Russell family might have wanted to take revenge on her.

Charlotte's mind was in turmoil, with various thoughts and guesses making her head hurt, but the most important thing now was to call the police.


Taking advantage of the two men whispering, Charlotte edited a distress message, but before she could send it, the red-haired man saw it.

He rushed over and snatched the phone from Charlotte's hand.

Charlotte had no strength to resist and could only watch him take it away.

"This filthy bitch wants to call the police! See, I told you we should have made her suffer first! Otherwise, she wouldn't behave."

The red-haired man waved the phone screen in front of the yellow-toothed man and then rushed over to slap Charlotte hard.

"You bitch! You're just like my gold-digging ex-girlfriend,all bitches who need to be taught a lesson!"

"Get up! I will fuck you today!"
###Chapter 88

Charlotte felt a sharp sting on her chee, like she'd been splashed with boiling water.

Already weak, the man's hard slap left her dizzy and seeing stars.

"Get up, you bitch!"

The red-haired man got more aggressive, grabbing her hair and yanking her off the ground.

Charlotte resisted with all her strength, knowing that giving in would only make things worse.

She couldn't let them take her. The outcome would be far more dire.

"Damn it, you stubborn woman! You look weak, but you're tough to handle."


The red-haired man struggled to pull Charlotte up, growing more frustrated by the second.

Charlotte seized the brief moment to speak, "Do you want money? I can give you double whatever they're offering. I swear."

Her voice was weak, but she had to speak up, fearing she might not get another chance.


"How much can you give?" The man with yellow teeth asked, his greed evident. More money was always better.

The red-haired man, however, was impatient. "The money they're offering is plenty, but women like her are rare. Just let me have my fun, please!" "You're pathetic! You just got dumped and haven't learned your lesson.You'll get burned by women again!" the yellow-toothed man scolded,then glanced at Charlotte.


He, too, found her attractive. Less money but a woman like her didn't seem like a bad deal.

He said, "Fine, but I go first. I want to see what it's like to be with a rich man's woman."


Hearing their conversation, Charlotte felt a deep sense of despair. Her offer hadn't swayed them.

Desperately, she said, "Name your price! Triple, five times, ten times. I'll pay anything. Just don't touch me."

The red-haired man squatted in front of her, his greasy fingers gripping her chin.


"No amount of money will do! I can always make more money, but a woman like you is priceless. If I don't have my way with you today,my manhood is worthless!"


His vulgar words made Charlotte realize her dire situation.

Regaining some strength, she saw his filthy mouth approaching and mustered all her energy to knee him in the groin.

She felt the impact and, despite the disgust, used the moment to scramble towards the traffic.

She'd rather die in traffic than be violated by these men.

"You bitch! How dare you run!" The yellow-toothed man chased after her,

while the red-haired man screamed in pain, "Kill her! She ruined me! My manhood hurts! I'll never marry!"

Charlotte ran towards the road, but her vision blurred, and her ears rang.

She saw a van approaching and tried to flag it down.

The driver, thinking she was a scammer, swerved around her and sped off.

As dusk fell and traffic thinned, Charlotte's hope dwindled.

She collapsed,overwhelmed by despair.

The yellow-toothed man. caught up, yanking her hair, "You bitch! You hurt my brother. No amount of money can fix this. Today, I'll ruin you!My brothers and I will fill every hole in your body!"

He lifted her roughly.

A car stopped, and a driver rolled down the window, "What's going on?Do you need the police?"

Charlotte found hope, but she couldn't speak.

The yellow-toothed man covered her mouth, shouting,"Mind your own business! This is my woman. She cheated, and I'm punishing her!"

To make his story convincing, he pointed to the red-haired man clutching his groin in paín.

"See? That's the lover! I caught them! Now get lost!"

Charlotte struggled, but she was no match for him.

The driver,believing the story, drove off, leaving Charlotte in despair. Would she never find a dignified way to die?

The yellow-toothed man hoisted her under his arm, the stench making her gag.


They threw her into their filthy car, the smell of sweat, gasoline,and something worse making her vomit.

"Why does she keep puking? Is she pregnant?"

"Pregnant? Great! I've never had a pregnant woman. Let's see if we can get some milk out of her." They laughed maniacally.

Charlotte's hands were tied behind her. Despite her fear, she forced herself to stay calm.

If she couldn't die in the car, she wouldn't give up. She'd fight to the end.

As the car started1, Charlotte memorized the route, trying to figure out where they were taking her.

A loud crash threw her from the back seat, slamming her into the front.
###Chapter 89

After the crash. Charlotte felt a warm flow from her lower body as her consciousness began to fade.

With great effort. she reached down and brought her hand back up.stained with bright red blood.

"My baby!" She cried out in agony, and everything went black.

"Charlotte! Charlotte!"

As she completely lost consciousness, it seemed like someone was calling her, but she couldn't respond and passed out entirely.

Charlotte didn't know how much time had passed when the sound of machines woke her up.

She slowly opened her eyes, seeing only pure white. A fluorescent light hung overhead, its harsh brightness making her pupils contract.

Where was she? Could this be heaven?

Just as Charlotte thought she might be dead, a gentle and concerned voice reached her ears.

"Charlotte, you're awake! Can you hear me? If you can hear me, blink your eyes."

Charlotte wanted to turn her head to see who was speaking, but she couldn't move.

The gentle voice continued, "The anesthesia hasn't worn off yet, so you can't move for now. Just blink your eyes."
Gradually calming down, Charlotte blinked in response.

"Great, as long as you're conscious. Rest a bit more, and the anesthesia will wear off soon."


Charlotte drifted back into a hazy sleep until she fully regained consciousness and recognized the voice.

She opened her eyes and turned her head, asking, "Jasper, my baby."

"Don't worry. The baby is fine." Jasper gently held Charlotte's arm. "Your abdomen took a hit, and there was some bleeding, but the baby is healthy.
You need to rest and recover."

"Okay."

Charlotte's tense nerves slowly relaxed.

This child was unfortunate to have a mother like her. She wasn't a competent mom. But since the baby had chosen to stay with her, she swore to make it up a thousand times over.

"Charlotte, keep resting. Don't worry, I'll be here with you. Just open your eyes, and you'll see me."


Jasper gently smoothed her hair, his eyes filled with deep affection.

Charlotte didn't want to close her eyes. She looked at him and asked,"How did you find me? My phone was taken by those two men, and I didn't send you my location."

Now that her mind was clear, Charlotte remembered hearing Jasper's voice during the crash. But that place was so remote. How did Jasper find the car that had kidnapped her so precisely? Mentioning those two men, a coId glint flashed in Jasper's eyes.

Jasper softly explained, "After you hung up, you didn't send your location for a long time. I thought your phone had died, but I could still call you.and no one answered. I figured you might be unconscious and unable to answer, so I contacted a tech-savvy friend to scan the cell towers and locate your phone."


He then apologized quietly, "I know it was intrusive to track you, but I was worried something had happened to you. I'm sorry."

Charlotte shook her head gently. "I'm grateful you came. Don't apologize."

Jasper looked at her intently. "When I saw your phone signal moving quickly, I thought someone might be taking you to the hospital. But the car was heading in a direction with no hospitals. I was so anxious that I accidentally crashed into the car you were in, almost hurting you and the baby. I owe you an apology."

Jasper's words were sincere, and his apology heartfelt.

Charlotte felt a lump in her throat.

If Jasper hadn't come to save her, she couldn't imagine what terrible things might have happened if those two men had taken her away.

Even if the baby hadn't survived, it wouldn't have been Jasper's fault.

It was her fault for being so helpless.

"What happened to those two men? Did you call the police?"

Charlotte's hands clenched involuntarily, and her body trembled with anger as she mentioned those scumbags. Jasper's expression darkened. "They're both dead."

"Dead?" Charlotte was surprised.

She had wanted those scumbags dead but hadn't expected it to happen."How did they die?"


Jasper continued, "When I crashed into the car, one of the men, the red-haired one, had a knife. He might have had it for protection, but the impact caused the knife to stab his artery, killing him instantly."

"Serves him right! He got what he deserved!" Charlotte said.

She remembered the red-haired man pulling out a knife to threaten her after forcing her into the car, saying he'd scar her face if she didn't behave.

Who knew the knife he prepared would end up taking his own life?

"And the other one?" Charlotte asked.

Jasper explained, "The other man was in the driver's seat. The carhit the guardrail, trapping his legs. I was in a hurry to get you out, so I left him there. The police just informed me that the car's gas tank leaked and caught fire after we left. He couldn't get out and was burned alive."

Jasper's tone was calm and deached, as if he were talking about an ant.

Charlotte felt a chill down her spine and shivered.

Being trapped and burned alive was a horrifying way to die.

Charlotte felt that those men got what they deserved, but their deaths seemed almost too easy, making it feel a bit unreal.

"Jasper,will their deaths cause trouble for you? If the police come after you,
don't admit to anything. I'll take the blame. I'm pregnant; they won't do much to me," Charlotte spoke earnestly.

Jasper had helped her so much. If this incident implicated him, she would feel guilty.


"Silly girl." Jasper's eyes softened. He raised his hand and gently stroked Charlotte's head. "Don't worry, I'll be fine. Those men were criminals,wanted fugitives. This time, the evidence is clear. Their deaths might even earn me a bravery award."

"That's good1." Charlotte smiled slightly, feeling a weight lift off her chest.

Though it was two lives lost, those men deserved it. If they had escaped,who knows how many more innocent people they would have harmed.
###Chapter 90

"Hey, don't sweat it. I wouldn't let you take the blame even if this is about me. What kind of guy would I be then?"


Jasper's eyes were so full of tenderness, that it looked like they might overflow.


Charlotte glanced away, feeling a bit awkward.

She felt a pang of guilt. It seemed like she kept troublng him,always owing him more and more, without being able to return his feelings.

How was she ever going to repay this debt?

"Jasper. I won't say much. , thank you."

Charlotte's gratitude was genúine. Besides a simple thank you, she didn't know what else to say.

Jasper shook his head, his gaze still gentle.

Just then, the door to the hospital room flew open, and someone rushed in.

"Charlotte! Are you okay? Who the hell did this to you? I'll kill them!"

Charlotte recognized the voice immediately and smiled indulgently."Calm down, I'm fine."


Taylor stormed over to the bed, shoving Jasper aside to take the chair next to Charlotte.

She looked at Charlotte's weary expression and reached to touch it, her voice trembling."Who did this to you? Are you hurt? I'll make them pay!" Charlotte felt a warm sensation in her heart seeing Taylor so worried about her.


But before she could respond. Jasper spoke up calmly, "No need. They're already dead."


There was a hint of darkness in Jasper's eyes, clearly displeased that Taylor had taken his place.

Taylor turned sharply to Jasper. "You..."

She hesitated, as if wanting to say something, but ultimately held back.

Charlotte found it odd. It'seemed like the siblings were hiding something from her.


Taylor frowned as Jaspergave her a warning look.

"Charlotte," Taylor turned back to her, "What happened? How did you end up getting kidnapped in such a remote place?"

Charlotte's eyes dimmed at the memory, but she recounted the day's events briefly, leaving out the vulgar things those men had said. She didn't want to worry them.

After all, those men were dead, and she hadn't been physically harmed.
There was no need to bring it up and make them angry.

"They deserved it!" Even so,Taylor was still furious.

She pounded the bed, making it rattle. "Those bastards! Death was too good for them. If they were still alive, I'd make them wish they were dead!"

Charlotte just smiled and patted her shoulder gently. Taylor,still frowning, couldn't let it go. She looked at Charlotte. "And what about Frederick? Something this big happens, and he doesn't even show up? You two aren't even divorced yet. Even if you were, he shouldn't just ignore you like this!"

"Don't mention him. I don't want to talk about him. I chose to get out of the car myself. I don't want to tell him about this."

At the mention of Frederick's name, a shadow crossed Charlotte's eyes.

"Why not tell him. Charlotte? Don't be foolish!"

Taylor was vehemently opposed to Charlotte's decision. "Even íf you chose to get out, he shouldn't have left you alone in such a place! It was getting dark, and it was dangerous for you to be alone! How could he just leave you there? Damn it! Men are all the same!"

Jasper coughed awkwardly, but Taylor shot him a glare.

"Don't cough. Men are all the same, always have been,always will be,"Taylor said coldly, her voice full of resentment.

Jasper gave her a long look, his tone slightly sarcastic. "Is that why you dress like a man?"


"Not worth discussing with you."

Taylor rolled her eyes at him. "I'm staying to take care of Charlotte tonight.You can leave,"


Jasper's eyes, which had been gentle, suddenly turned cold, and the atmosphere around him became intimidating.
 
But when Charlotte looked at him, he softened again. "I should stay. I'm a doctor. I cani spot any issues immediately. What do you know?"

Taylor wanted to argue but felt the pressure from Jasper.

But Charlotte was her friend, and she wouldn't back down. "Charlotte's fine now. There are doctors outside. If anything happens, I can call them.You're a man, and it's inconvenient for you to stay. No matter how much I dress like a man, I'ma still a woman. You can't compare to that."

Jasper didn't respond. The tension between the siblings was palpable.

Charlotte finally managed to get a word in. "Jasper, thank you, but I'm fine now. You should go home and rest. Taylor can stay with me."

Taylor had a point. It was a bit inconvenient with Jasper around.

Like now, she needed to use the bathroom but felt too embarrassed to say so in front of him.

"Alright, I'll go. The police want me to come in for a statement anyway.I Il probably be at the station all night. Call me if you need anything."

Jasper wanted to say more, but Taylor pushed him out.

"Enough with the nagging. We're not kids."

Taylor shut the door behind him, her triumphant expression making Charlotte laugh.

"I remember you used to be scared of Jasper. How come you're standing up to him now?"

Taylor's eyes flickered, then she shrugged it off with a laugh. "That was when I was younger. I'm grown up now, so I'm not scared anymore."


Charlotte shook her head with a smile. "Help me to the báthroom. I've been holding it in forever."

Taylor helped her to the bathroom and then stepped out.

Sitting on the toilet, Charlotte's smile faded.

Today's events had been too sudden. Those men had died too quickly,leaving her with no evidence to report to the police.

They weren't random strángers. Their reactions and conversations when she offered double the price made it clear they were following orders.

But who could it be?
###Chapter 91

Charlotte's first thoughts were of Serena, and then her so-called "good father" Oliver.


But it didn't matter who it was; there was no one left to confirm anything now.


Their deaths had severed all the clues, and Charlotte,not wanting to worry anyone, had to keep the secret to herself for the time being.

In the hospital room, Taylor noticed Charlotte's phone screen light up.

She saw that the caller was Frederick. Initially, she didn't want to deal with this irresponsible man, but after a moment's thought,she answered the call.


Before Taylor could muster up the anger to curse him out, Frederick's cold voice came through, "Where are you?"

Frederick's tone was accusatory. "Do you know what time it is? Why aren't you home yet? How long are you going to keep this up?I called you three times before you answered. Charlotte, have I been too lenient with you?"

"Seriously?"

Taylor blurted out, furious. "Frederick, who do you think you are to talk to Charlotte like that? You left her alone in that place. Did you even think about her safety? If you don't care about her, then stop bothering her! So what if she doesn't answer your calls? Do you think you're a king and everyone has to obey you?"

Frederick's expression darkened, almost dripping with anger. When had anyone ever spoken to him like this?

"Where's Charlotte? Put her on the phone." Frederick guessed who was on the other end but didn't want to argue with a woman. He just wanted to talk to Charlotte.


"Stop pretending to care about her. If you don't care, then stay away from her. You might as wel consider her dead since you've already hurt her so much!"


Taylor was genuinely angry. Charlotte had always been slim,but since the last time Taylor saw her, she had lost even more weight. Her face was gaunt, and she looked exhausted, which broke Taylor's heart.

"Don't push me. I don't argue with women, but don't go too far."

Frederick's voice was chilling. His self-control allowed him to remain calm while talkinng to Taylor. If it had been a man on the other end, Taylor would have been dead the moment she started cursing.

"How am I going too far? What, are you going to kill me?" Taylor's emotions were still running high.

Charlotte emerged from the bathroom, took the phone, and calmly said, "T'm staying at Taylor's tonight. We both need to cool down. Don't call again.11


With that, Charlotte hung up.

Frederick stared at the empty screen, feeling extremely frustrated, but he didn't call back.

Leaving Charlotte in the suburbs today was indeed his fault. But at the time, Charlotte had not only hurt his already injured leg but also looked at him with such fear that it pierced his heart.

He had only intended to scare her a little and planned to return after treating his wound.

However, he was delayed at the hospital, and the people he sent out couldn't find her nearby. When he went back to look for her himself, she was nowhere to be found.

He returned home in a huff, thinking Charlotte would come back obediently as she had before. But he waited until late at night, and she still didn't return.

Frederick had to admit he was a bit panicked.

He was afraid that Charlotte might have been hurt because of his deliberate punishment.

Fortunately, she was just with her friend, and she seemed fine. This eased his mind a bit.


Frederick clenched his phone tightly.

He had wanted to say that he regretted leaving her and wanted to apologize.

But those simple words just wouldn't come out.

Meanwhile, Serena was in a hotel room, getting cozy with an older man.

This man was Dorian Miles, a well-known director in the industry,talented but extremely lecherous. He wanted to taste every woman he met.

"Dorian, so it's settled? You'll give me a supporting role in your next film," Serena giggled, reclining on the sofa, and teasingly placing her toes on the bulge in Dorian's pants.

Dorian loved women who took the initiative. The more wanton they were,the more they pleased him in bed.

Feeling his erection grow even harder, he casually promised her a role and eagerly pounced on her.

"Come here, let me kiss you."

Dorian hungrily kissed Serena, wanting to cover her entire body with his saliva.


His stubble tickled Serena, but she didn't mind.

She had long been trained by her master to become a woman with an insatiable sexual appetite. Frederick's refusal to touch her for so long had left her desperate.

Rather than seeking out a gigolo, she might as well exchange her body for some resources.

With that thought, Serena eagerly sucked on Dorian's tongue, swallowing all his saliva without hesitation.

Dorian chuckled, roughly pulling down her pants and slapping her hard."I love how uninhibited you are. Those shy, reluctant ones don't interest me at all."

He hurriedly tore off his clothes and ripped Serena's dress, their naked bodies pressing together.

Dorian's hands roamed over Serena's chest, squeezing her breasts. Thoughnot large, they were well-shaped.

His hand slid down, finding her pussy already wet.

Serena moaned seductively, arching her back and wrapping her pussy around his fingers.


Feeling her warm, wet flesh enveloping his fingers, Dorian breathed heavily.

Serena moaned as well, moving her hips to make his fingers stir inside her,sending shivers through her body.

Dorian was so aroused by the sight that he grabbed his mini camera to capture the scene.

"Dorian, what are you doing?" Serena asked.

Serena was a bit alarmed, her pussy tightening even more in her nervousness, making her look even more enticing.

Dorian, satisfied with the footage, said, "Don't worry, I won't film your face.I just want to capture the most beautiful moments of sex so I can remember them when I'm old. Serena,your body is stunning."

Serena was initially displeased with being filmed, but his compliments made her more accepting.

She even suggested, "Then film the whole thing,but remember,no faces."

Seeing the camera pointed at her, Serena felt even more excited.

She spread her long legs, her wet pussy glistening under the light.

Dorian held the camera steady with one hand and guided his hard cock with the other, rubbing it against her wetness.

Once it was slick with her juiċes, he thrust into her.

Serena cried out in pleasure, feeling completely satisfied.

Dorian loved her wantonness, using all his skills to pleasure her,losing himself in the ecstasy.
###Chapter 92

Two bodies intertwined passionately,seemingly tireless.

"Oh. yes. I can't take it anymore." Serena murmured, her eyes rolling back in ecstasy.


Hearing her voice, Dorian felt a surge of energy, wishing he could freeze time in this moment forever. He wouldn't mind dying right here with her.

"Baby, once you join the team, I'm gonna do this to you every day,"Dorian whispered as he moved on top of her, already looking forward to the days ahead.

"Okay." Serena couldn't quite make out what he was saying, lost in the throes of passion. At this moment, she was just an animal driven by instinct.


Seeing her so wild, Dorian flipped her over, positioning her back towards him.


He slapped her butt hard, leaving a red handprint that excited him even more.


Spreading her cheeks, he revealed Serena's glistening pussy and thrust into her with force.


Tears welled up in Serena's eyes, rolling down her cheeks and nose. She licked them up with her tongue, looking utterly debauched.

Who would have thought that the usually innocent-looking Serena could be so wanton in bed?

Her pussy was being pounded relentlessly. Though Dorian's cock wasn't as large as her master's, it still reached her deepest parts,hitting her inner walls with every thrust.

Thanks to her master's previous training, Serena's pussy was incredibly sensitive. Any penetration would make her gush fluids without much effort.


Dorian's skilled movements made her lower body react like a fountain.soaking the sheets beneath them.


"Oh! You're amazing!" Dorian shouted in pleasure, feeling her inner muscles grip his cock as if they had a life of their own, reluctant to let him go.


Seeing her red, tender flesh being pulled out with each thrust only spurred him on, making his movements even more vigorous.

The position allowed him to penetrate fully, and he wished he could push his balls inside her too.


His balls slapped against her clit, sending waves of pleasure through Serena,pushing her to climax.

A torrent of fluids gushed out, and with each thrust, Dorian pulled out more of her juices.


Eventually, his cock couldn't even enter her anymore. As he pulled out,Serena's pussy sprayed like a faucet, drenching Dorian.

"You slut!" Only after Serena had finished did Dorian re-enter her, this time with no resistance. Each thrust was wild and intense.

His large glans hit her deepest parts, and after dozens of powerful thrusts,he reached his climax, trembling all over. "Open your mouth!" Dorian commanded,pulling out and thrusting into Serena's mouth.

A thick stream of cum filled her mouth, making her cheeks bulge.

Serena greedily swallowed every drop, not wasting a bit.

Dorian,still aroused by her lewdness, wanted to go again, but his phone rang.

Serena pouted as he answered. It was his wife, demanding he come home.

After hanging up, Dorian pulled out, patting her face. "My wife needs me.We'll continue this next time, you little slut."

"Alright, Dorian. Don't forget me for the next movie." Serena watched Dorian leave in a hurry, then quickly showered and left as well.

In the hospital.

It was already 2 AM.

The moonlight streamed into the quiet room, the ony sound being the faint hum of the machines.


Charlotte carefully sat up in bed, glancing at Taylor, who was asleep on the couch.


Seeing her peaceful face, Charlotte felt a warmth in her heart.


She quietly got up, moving like a thief to avoid making any noise.

Charlotte opened the door and stepped out. Though she still felt unwell,the rest had given her some strength. Walking through the long corridor, she turned into the hospital stairwell.

She wrinkled her nose at the smell of smoke, despite the no-smoking signs on the walls.


Covering her mouth and nose, Charlotte dialed a number.

After three rings, she hung up, looking out at the city's neon lights. The streets were quieter now, giving a sense of loneliness.

The phone rang back, and Charlotte answered immediately.

A man's raspy voice came through, "Hello? Is this Charlotte? It's been a while."

"It's me. How are you doing?"

"I'm fine. The people you hired to take care of me are great. I can even walk a bit now. Charlotte, what do you need?" Despite his rough voice,Charlotte spoke patiently and gently.

"I need your help with something. I need you to check some communications for me. Can you do that?"

"No problem!" The man agreed instantly. "Even though I've been bedridden for five years, my skills haven't dulled. I'll get you what you need."


"Thank you." Charlotte's tone was warm.

The man suddenly got angry,′′Don't thank me. If anyone should be grateful, it's me. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't be alive. My only wish now is to keep you safe."

"Alright, I won't say it. By the way, Jasper is back in the country.Do you want to see him?" Charlotte hesitated but asked.

There was a long silence on the other end, and just when Charlotte thought he had hung up, he spoke, "No, I don't want to see anyone but you."


"Okay, then. Take care of yourself. I'll visit you soon."

"Really? Can you leave the country?" The man's voice was filled with excitement.

"Almost. Don't get too excited. The doctor said you shouldn't strain your voice.Be good,okay?"

"Alright, I'll be good. Give me ten minutes, and I'll get you the information you need."
###Chapter 93

Charlotte wanted to tell him to slow down, but he hung up before she could get a word in.

"Still so impatient," she muttered with a fond smile.

Holding her belly, Charlotte slowly made her way back to her hospital room. Juast as she lay down, her phone buzzed with a message from him.

After reading the evidence he sent, her expression hardened.

Just as she suspected, Serena was involved. Serena had hired someone to harm her, and the Russell family.

While they weren't directly involved, the Russell family had been pulling strings behind the scenes.

Charlotte was livid. She hadn't provoked them; she just wanted to avoid any conflicts before her baby was born, focusing solely on her child's safety.But they kept pushing her, becoming more and more outrageous.

She remembered every single offense and planned to make them pay,one by one.


Before going to sleep, Charlotte sent a message to the anonymous number that had contacted her.

|Don't do anything reckless for me. If I need help, I'll reach out,but don't act on your own. Your abilities must remain hidden, and you can't use them too often. If anyone finds out, I might not be able to protect you.]

There was a long silence on the other end, so long that Charlotte thought he might not respond. Then, a short message came through:[Okay].

Only then did Charlotte feel at ease.

She still hadn't found any clues about what happened years ago. She didn't want him to be exposed again, couldn't risk it, and didn't want the tragedy from five years ago to repeat itself.

After three days of rest in the hospital, Charlotte's heaIth had recovered.

On the day of her discharge, she made an excuse to get rid of Taylor and arranged to meet Serena on the street where the incident had happened.

Serena stepped out of her car wearing sunglasses, looking annoyed when she saw Charlotte.


"What do you want to talk about? And why here? What are you up to?"Serena asked impatiently.

"What do you think I'm up to? Why don't you think about what you've done?" Charlotte's expression was icy, her eyes filled with murderous intent.

Serena felt guilty and avoided her gaze, wondering if her plan to deal with Charlotte had been exposed.


But then she thought it was impossible. She had hired someone else to do it, and it shouldn't be traced back to her. Besides, she hadn't heard anything since that day. If Charlotte hadn't brought it up, she would have forgotten about it.

Serena wasn't about to admit anything. "What did I do? Stop being so mysterious. If you have something to say, just say it. My time is valuable." Lately, she had been spending every night with Dorian, afraid of losing her benefits.


Seeing Serena's refusal to admit anything, Charlotte stepped forward and slapped her.


The ring on Charlotte's hand left a red mark on Serena's face, the sting making her scream.


"Charlotte, you bitch! Are you out of your mind?"

Before she could finish cursing, Charlotte slapped her again, leaving both sides of Serena's face red and swollen.

"You!" Serena warted to curse more, but the pain made her think twice.She stepped back, putting some distance between them. "If you touch me again, I'll tell Frederick about your pregnancy!"

Charlotte's eyes turned cold, but then she laughed. "You think you can threaten me with that? My baby is already gone. Go ahead and tell him."

Charlotte apologized to her baby in her heart. She wasn't cursing her child;she just wanted to protect them from Serena's schemes.

"What? You had a miscarriage?" Serena was shocked, then overjoyed."How did it happen?"

"Are you still pretending, Serena? If you hadn't hired someone to harm me,my baby wouldn't have been hurt. People like you and those two bastards deserve to die!"


Charlotte grew angrier and tried to hit her again.

But Serena had learned her lesson. They circled a lamppost a few times, and Charlotte couldn't catch her.

Both were panting from the effort. Charlotte stopped chasing, realizing it was futile.

Serena was also exhausted. "What did you say? Who deserves to die?"

"You don't know?" Charlotte snered. "The two men you sent to harm me are dead. Haven't you wondered why no one asked you for the rest of the payment?"

Serena's face turned pale.

A strong sense of unease filled her. She looked at Charlotte suspiciously,not believing her men could fail so miserably.

But how could two grown men die for no reason?

Despite her doubts, Serena wouldn't admit anything. Who knew if Charlotte was recording? Whether the men succeeded or not,she wouldn't confess.


Tears welled up in Serena's eyes as she covered her face. "Charlotte, you've been gone for days. Who knows if you lost the baby because of your own actions? I agreed to meet you out of concern, and you repay me by hitting me. Don't you think you're being unreasonable?"

"Serena, stop pretending. I don't have any recordings. Aren't you overacting a bit?" Charlotte's tone was mocking.

Serena watched her for a moment but still didn't trust her.

She was planning a comeback in the entertainment industry and couldn't afford any scandals. She had to be careful. "I don't understand what you're saying. I haven't done anything. Does Frederick know you're accusing me? Aren't you afraid he'll be angry?"

Charlotte's eyes grew colder at Serena's fake innocence.

"So whatif Frederick knows? So what if he's angry? Do you think I care at this point?"


"Then what do you want? You've hit me enough. If my face is rưined because of you, my fans won't let you off!"

Serena's threat was weak, her voice betraying her fear.

Charlotte looked at her coldly. "Two slaps will ruin your face? Is your face that fragile from all the plastic surgery?"
###Chapter 94

Charlotte had only meant to tease Serena, but she hadn't expected her words to hit so hard.


Serena snapped back, "Cut the crap. Charlotte! Just because you spread lies about me doesn't mean it'll make you look any better. Frederick doesn't love you and he never will. Stop fooling yourself."

"I'm done wasting my time on you," Charlotte shot back, climbing into the car she had ready.


Serena took a few steps back, planning to head to her car, but when she turned around, it was gone!

With the constant traffic, she had no clue when her car had disappeared.

That was when real fear set in for Serena.

She hadn't expected Charlotte to fight back. She always thought Charlotte was an easy mark, but now she knew she was wrong.

Charlotte had indeed hired a couple of guys and had reliable people nearby to keep an eye on things.

Since she hadn't hurt herself, she only planned to give Serena a taste of her own medicine, to make her feel the same fear and panic she had once felt.


As long as Serena experienced the helplessness and despair Charlotte had once felt, her goal would be achieved.

But not long after Charlotte left, she got a call from an unknown number. The caller had disguised their voices, saying, "If you want revenge, you can't be so soft-hearted. This time, I didn't manage my guys well, but next time,you won't be so lucky."

"Who are you?" Charlotte demanded, but the caller hung up immediately.

When she tried calling back, she got a message saying the number was invalid.


A sense of dread washed over her. Charlotte told the driver to turn around immediately. When she got back to the original spot, she found the actors she had hired standing there, looking confused.

Charlotte rolled down the window and asked, "Where is she?"

"Miss, didn't you just have someone pick her up? We had just arrived when a car came and said they were following your orders to take her away. We tried calling you, but you were on another call."

Hearing this, Charlotte's brow furrowed deeply.

Serena had been taken away.

By whom? Was it the person backing her?

She and Frederick, before he lost his memory,had suspected Serena's motives for returning to the country and had guessed she had someone behind her.


So what was the purpose of the call she just received?

Charlotte felt like things were slipping out of her control. Worried there might be a bigger conspiracy at play,she decided to consult Frederick.

"Take me to the Percy Group," Charlotte ordered. "Yes, ma'am," the driver responded, immediately driving away, leaving the two actors still standing there, unsure if they had completed their task.

In an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town, Serena was thrown to the ground, her face scraping against the rough gravel, causing a stinging pain. Compared to this, the slap from Charlotte earlier felt like nothing.


Serena struggled to open her eyes, but her prone position limited her view.

Serena thought this was all Charlotte's doing and pleaded, "Please, don't hurt me. Whatever you want, I can give you. No matter how much she's paying you. I can give you ten, twenty times more!"

But no matter what she said or promised, she was met with silence.

Realizing mnoney wasn't working, Serena tried a different tactic.

She panted softly, trying to sound seductive. "I can keep you entertained,but you can't be so rough with me. As long as you don't hurt me,you can do whatever you want."

"Slut," a cold voice came from above her, making Serena's face go pale.

"Sir?" She tried to look in the direction of the voice,"Sir, did you save me?If it weren't for you, I might have been taken by other men today. It was so scary."

She sounded pitiful, but the man was unmoved.

His voice was icy and merciless, "Scary? You seemed to be looking forward to it. What, that old man hasn't been satisfying you lately?"

Serena's face turned even paler. She hadn't realized her every move was being watched by her master.

Did he also know about her plot against Charlotte?

"Speak. Why did you disobey my orders and act on your ówn?" The man pressed his shoe against her face, grinding her head into the ground.

Serena's heart sank. It seemed her secret plot against Charlotte had been discovered.

But she quickly tried to shift the blame, "Sir, it was Calix Cross who said he wanted to have a taste of Charlotte. I had no choice but to reveal her whereabouts. But I don't know the details of what happened."

Her words were half-true. Calix was indeed one of her master's men,handling illegal activities with a group of thugs and ex-convicts.

After being humiliated by Charlotte, Serena slept with Calix in a fit of rage and asked him to keep an eye on Charlotte, looking for an opportunity to ruin her.


As for the latter part, Serena was telling the truth. She didn't know what Calix had planned.

Serena didn't know how much her master would believe, but she wanted to add more when she heard the man laugh darkly.

He spoke to someone in the shadow, "Did you hear what she said?Tonight, she's yours. Do whatever you want with her."

From the shadows emerged a burly man with a scarred face, covered in bruises.

It was Calix. His eyes were wide with anger as he glared at Serena. "You bitch! I helped you,and you betrayed me to our master! Tonight, I'll make you pay!"

Serena saw him and her heart sank. She immediately begged, "Sir, please don't hand me over to Calix! His methods are too cruel! And those men didn't succeed, Charlotte wasn't hurt at all."


In the darkness, the man's voice was cold and emotionless.

"I don't care who got hurt. What I care about is that you two dared to act behind my back. If I don't teach you a lesson, will you conspire against me next?"


"No, never!" Serena was truly terrified. She had never thought of betraying her master because she was too afraid to.


The man in the darkness heard her pleas but only laughed coldly,leaving without hesitation.


Calix,seeing the man leave, grinned wickedly and hoisted Serena over his shoulder.


"Bitch, I am too gentle for you. I brought six guys. Tonight,we'll make sure we have a good time!"

###Chapter 95

Calix ordered his men to hoist Serena up with a rope,leaving her dangling in the air.

Even though their boss had told them not to kill her, Calix couldIn't hold back his rage without punishing Serena, that wretched woman.

Calix slapped Serena's breasts hard and roughly twisted her nipples with his large hands. Serena wanted to beg for mercy, but her mouth was stuffed with a cloth, and she could only whimper.

One of Calix's men, stroking himself, asked, "Calix, why hasn't the drug we gave her kicked in yet?Once it does, we can all fuck her together, and she won't feel the pain."


"Take your time," Calix snapped, continuing to knead Serena's body. "It's already working. Can't you see her breasts have swollen?"

Indeed, Serena's chest had become much fuller, almost bursting through her skin, especially with the rope binding her, making her breasts even more pronounced. Under the influence of the drug, her nipples were swollen and sensitive, unable to withstand any stimulation.

Calix continued to torment her breasts, listening as Serena's sounds turned from pain to pleasure, signaling that the time was right. His hand slid down to her bound legs, which were spread wide open, exposing her dripping wetness.

"Slut!" Calix picked up his belt and whipped the inside of her thigh.

Serena, gagged, and endured the lashes, her body convulsing with pain,yet the fluids kept flowing. Sometimes, Calix's belt would strike her mostsensitive area, causing it to swell and making her shudder, but under the drug's influence. Serena bizarrely climaxed.

"Can't you handle it already? We're just getting started!" Calix said,positioning himself between her legs and thrusting into her.

Serena was lost in the pleasure of her climax, her mind blank. When she came to, she found herself surrounded by men, every part of her body being used, even her hands were forced to stroke them.

Her body trembled uncontrollably, unable to close, as Calix and his men took turns with her. Despite their boss's orders, they lined up to have their way with her.


While waiting, the men played with her breasts, sucking and biting her nipples, slapping her chest until it was red and swollen. Serena's soul seemed to leave her body, unsure if she was in heaven or hell.

Six or seven men, each releasing inside her at least three times. When they finally let her down, Serena's body was covered in their fluids,as if coated in a thick layer of grease.

"Slut," Calix said, pulling up his pants. "You better not tell our boss about this. We recorded everything. If you snitch, I'll sell the photos and videos to the tabloids. Even if you're not famous anymore, people will still want to see your filthy side!"

Without waiting for a response, Calix and his men left,leaving Serena lying in the mess, her body still twitching.

Charlotte arrived at the Percy Group, but Frederick was too busy to see her.

"Can you at least pass a message to him? It's urgent," Charlotte pleaded.worried that her revenge might have gone too far and harmed Serena. Buit no matter what she said, the secretary wouldn't budge. "Mrs. Percy,Mr. Percy is in a very important meeting about the Percy Family's overseas business. No one is allowed to interrupt, not even him."

"If you won't go, I will," Charlotte said, standing up to barge in.

The secretary quickly stopped her, whispering, "Mrs. Percy, if you go in now, we'll al be in trouble. We need this job. Please, don't make us stop you."


Seeing the guards lined up outside the meeting room, Charlotte had no choice but to wait. She knew the room was soundproof, and shouting wouldn't help.

Frustrated, she sat back down, muttering, "I tried. If something happens to Serena,it's not my fault. She started this."

But who was the mysterious caller who tipped her off? Why hidetheir voice? Could it be someone she knew?

Charlotte's mind was a mess, unable to make sense of it all. She waited so long that she dozed off on the couch, only waking when she heard people leaving the meeting room.

She grabbed someone, asking, "Is the meeting over? Is Frederick still in there?"


"Yes, Mr. Percy is inside. The meeting is over," came the reply.

Charlotte pushed through the crowd into the room, where she saw the secretary talking to Frederick. As she approached, the secretary finished and began clearing up the room.

Frederick didn't even glance at her, focused on organizing his papers.
###Chapter 96

Charlotte glanced at Frederick and could tell he was deliberately ignoring her, which made her feel a twinge of resentment.

She just wanted to wait until everyone left, quickly tell him that Serena had been kidnapped, and then leave. She had no intention of staying to endure his cold shoulder.


Frederick wvas indeed ignoring her on purpose to express his displeasure.

Charlotte had left him without a word for several days, completely disregarding him. He needed to make her understand that without his permission, she wouldn't even be able to see him.


But when Charlotte appeared in front of him, Frederick found his resolve crumbling.


Though he tried to avoid looking at her, his eyes kept drifting to the reflection of her in his water glass, making him miss her even more.

"Frederick," Charlotte called his name once everyone had left.

Frederick wanted to continue ignoring her, but his whole being was screaming to see her. He couldn't hold out any longer.

Feigning nonchalance, he looked up, frowning coldly at her. "What do you want? Next time, make an appointment with mysecretary before you come.I'm not that free."


"There's no need! I won't be coming to you for anything in the future!"

Charlotte was furious, her tone sharp. "I'm here to tell you that Serena has been kidnapped and might be in danger. How you handle it is up to you!" 
With that, Charlotte turned to leave.

Frederick immediately stood up and reached her before she could open the door, pinning her against it.

He lowered his head,greedily inhaling her scent.

After taking a couple of deep breaths to calm himself, F'rederick asked,"Did you say that Serena was kidnapped? By whom? And how do' you know this?"


Frederick didn't take it too seriously, thinking Charlotte was just using this as an excuse to see him.


"She was taken. Don't worry about how I know, I just do. Whether you save her or not is up to you. Now let me go!" Charlotte tried to pull the door,but Frederick's strength was too much for her.

Frederick held the door, trapping her in his arms, and demanded, "You can't just leave without explaining. If you're here to inform me, you need to be clear."


"Let me go first."

"No,talk like this."

"You!"

Charlotte was almost dizzy with anger at his shamelessness. They hadn't seen each other for a few days, and Frederick had become even more brazen!

After a brief standoff, Charlotte finally gave in, exhausted and unable to fight Frederick any longer. Sensing her body relax, Frederick lifted her and placed her on the conference table.

He spread her legs and pressed against her, encireling her with his arms.

"Now can you talk?" Frederick asked, moving his hips suggestively.

Charlotte tried to scoot back and then said, "Serena was with me before she disappeared. We argued, and right after I left, she was taken. The kidnapper even called me, saying they were going to teach her a lesson for me..."

As she spoke, she suddenly looked at Frederick suspiciously.

"Was it you? Did you kidnap Serena? The voice was altered, but it was a man. Who else would help me out of nowhere?"

"Me? Kidnap her? Charlotte, who have you been seeing behind my back?"

Frederick's focus shifted entirely. Hearing Charlotte mention another man made him unhappy.

His hand slipped under her shirt, checking if she had done anything inappropriate while they were apart.

"I haven't been seeing anyone. I'm talking about Serena. She might be in trouble. You need to find her quickly."

Charlotte pounded Frederick's shoulder, hoping to snap him out ofit.

Frederick stopped and finally took Charlotte's words seriously.

"If what you're saying is true, this isn't simple. Why did you meet her to argue, and what did she do to you that made you need someone else to teach her a lesson?" Charlotte hesitated. When Frederick was being playful, she was anxious. But now that he was serious, she was even more worried.

She had wanted to keep her near-miss a secret, fearing Frederick wouldn't believe her and would discover the pregnancy.

Seeing Charlotte's hesitation, Frederick grew more agitated.

His hand moved to her chest, squeezing through her clothes. "Speak up, or I'll take you right here."

Charlotte slapped his hand away and glared at him.

Reluctantly, she said, "She tried to hurt me, so I wanted revenge and arranged to meet her."

"Where?"

"At..." Charlotte bit her lip, unsure whether to tell the truth.

"If you don't tell me, how can I save her?" Frederick's hand moved to her waist.

Charlotte, feeling ticklish, dodged and slowly said, "At the place where you made me get out of the car. Now go save her."

She tried to leave, but Frederick suddenly hugged her.

Charlotte was startled and asked, "What are you doing?"

"Let me hold you for a bit." Frederick whispered in her ear.

Mentioning that day brought back memories for him. He had forced her out of the car and hadn't gone back to get her. Something had happened that night. "I'm sorry." Frederick's words were so soft that Charlotte didn't hear them.

"What did you say?" She asked.

"Nothing," Frederick still held her. "What happened that night? Did Serena do something to you?"

Charlotte's eyes turned cold.

Her tone was icy. "Does it matter now? It's over, and I'm fine. Isn't finding Serena more important?"


Saving Serena was urgent, and she didn't want Frederick to find out about the pregnancy. She hoped he wouldn't press further.

###Chapter 97

"If Serena did something to you, she should face some consequences."Frederick's voice was calm, but his eyes, hidden from Charlotte's view,burned with a dangerous intensity.

While Charlotte was away, Serena hadn't bothered him again. He thought she had finally learned her lesson and enjoyed the peace. But then he heard rumors about her chaotic personal life.

Frederick hadn't meant to invade her privacy; it was just that the people he had secretly assigned to protect Serena reported back to him. So, he withdrew his protection and surveillance over her.

"I don't want to talk about the past." Charlotte suppressed the slight warmth in her heart, deliberately putting on a stern face.

After all the drama of these past days, she no longer dared to trust Frederick's sincerity. What if he lost his memory again one day? What would she do then? Would she have to forget everything and start over too? She couldn't do it.

"Fine, let's not talk about the past. Let's talk about the present."

Frederick suddenly leaned in, pressing Charlotte down onto the table,his body over hers.

Charlotte's internal alarm bellswent off. She lowered her voice and hissed at him,"Are you crazy? There are still people outside! Get off me!"

"The soundproofing in the conference room is excellent. Didn't you already find that out last time?" Frederick chuckled softly, showing no sense of urgency. Charlotte's face turned red at his suggestive remark.

After their intimate encounter here last time, she had been extremely anxious when she left, fearing that people outside might have heard them.

To reassure her,Frederick had called in a bunch of people for a meeting and had her listen from outside the door.

That's when Charlotte realized just how soundproof this conference foom was. After all, it was the Percy Group's meeting room, and confidentiality was paramount.

"Get off me! I don't want to have sex with you." Charlotte pushed him away,still holding a grudge over what had happened that day.

Frederick's eyes darkened as he looked at her, his voice low, "You don't want to have sex with me, so who do you want to have sex with?"

"Anyone but you, you brute! Let go of me!" Charlotte shouted.

Frederick caught the loophole in her words and raised an eyebrow, "So,you're saying as long as I'm not a brute, it's okay?"

"I didn't say that!..." Before Charlotte could finish her sentence, a passionate kiss silenced her,swallowing the rest of her words.

This kiss was intense yet tender. Unlike before, Frederick didn't aggressively invade; instead, he gently caressed her lips.

His kisses moved from her lips to her nose, finally landing on the slightly pink corners of her eyes.

These light kisses sent a strange warmth through Charlotte's heart,a feeling she couldn't quite describe. Frederick had never treated her with such affection before, and now her mind was enveloped by this warmth, her resistance gradually fading.

Charlotte felt weak. She had sworn never to care about Frederick again,but his gentle kisses on her eyes made her crave more.

"Charlotte." Frederick's gaze was intense, his fingers gently tracing her flushed cheeks as if she were a precious gem.

Charlotte felt her face burning even hotter, the heat making it hard to breathe. She turned her head away, unable to meet Frederick's eyes.

But in the next moment, his large hand lifted her chin, forcing her to look at him.


"Do you still hate me when I'm being gentle like this?" He asked.

Frederick's eyes held a teasing glint, clearly sensing Charlotte's softening attitude.


His erection was already pressing against her, and by his habits, he would have already taken her without regard for her feelings. But today, he wasn't in a rush. He wanted Charlotte to truly feel pleasure. Physical connection was one thing, but the union of body and soul was his goal.

"I hate it." Charlotte managed to say, but her slightly parted lips and erratic breathing betrayed her arousal.

Frederick smiled at her contradictory words, burying his head in her chest.
Through her clothes, he gently nibbled on her nipples, years of familiarity
allowing him to find the spot even through her attire.

Charlotte's legs instinctively closed, but Frederick's knee was already between them. She felt herself getting wet, the sensation making her too embarrassed to lift her head.

Sensing her emotions. Frederick picked up a folder from his desk, opened it, and placed it on either side of Charlotte's head. This way, it blocked her view without hindering her breathing, and most importantly, it helped reduce her resistance.

Charlotte felt à bit relieved when she couldn't see Frederick or the light.but the thought of the folder, usually used for serious business,being used for this made her feel even more conflicted.

Frederick felt a bit regretful. He loved watching Charlotte's expressions during sex, seeing her beautiful face flush with desire because of him.It gave him immense satisfaction. But blocking her view like this also added a sense of mystery.

Frederick wasn't satisfied with just touching her through her clothes. He gently unbuttoned her shirt, his tongue immediately latching onto her exposed nipple,savoring it.

Charlotte let out a soft moan, her body arching upwards. Frederick knew this reaction meant she was feeling good, so he continued to suckle her more fervently while admiring her body.

Her tender pink nipples were squeezed and deformed between his fingers,the soft, elastic feel making it hard for him to let go.

Charlotte,however,was struggling to endure. She had never experienced such prolonged and detailed foreplay with Frederick before,so now,as he tasted her, her nipples felt as hard as little stones,aching slightly.

This throbbing pain mixed with a ticklish sensation, and as he played with her, waves of pleasure coursed through her, a mix of pain and delight.
###Chapter 97

Charlotte wanted to beg for mercy, but the words wouldn't come out. She could only let out soft whimpers, her hips gently writhing, like a silent invitation.
###Chapter 98

Frederick's eyes darkened.

When had Charlotte ever invited him so willingly? Was she already overwhelmed by just this level of affection?

He wanted to keep teasing the disobedient Charlotte, but seeing her struggle,his heart softened.

Frederick released her cherry-like nipple from his mouth. Charlotte felt a moment of relief, but also a fleeting sense of loss.

But she didn't have time to dwell on it.

Frederick removed her panties, and Charlotte thought he would enter her immediately. Instead, she felt a very wet and slippery sensation below.

A wave of intense pleasure spread from her clit throughout her entire body.

Charlotte gasped, trying to reach out to stop him, but her hands were caught and interlocked with his.

His tongue moved inside her wet pussy, taking away her juices while making her produce even more, like a perpetual motion machine.

Charlotte's fingers and toes curled tightly.

She felt like she was being electrocuted, the tingling sensation starting from her lower body and making her whole body tremble.

All her sensitive spots were invaded by this force,the intense stimulation making Charlotte gasp and breathe heavily.

Her naiIs dug deeply into Frederick's hand, her fingertips turning white from the pressure, and her legs clamped tightly around his head, her pussy contracting uncontrollably.

Frederick knew the time was right, so he lifted his head, pulled out his already throbbing desire, and entered her wet pussy directly.

He could feel her inner walls tighten sharply, so he didn't push hard,waiting until her body gradually relaxed before moving his hips and riding her.


Frederick gritted his teeth, avoiding violent thrusts, and controlling his strength, but his size still made Charlotte whimper and cry.

Hearing her, Frederick removed the folder, revealing the tear stains on her face.

Frederick bent down, kissing the tears at the corners of her eyes,stopping his movements, and asked in a hoarse voice, "Does it hurt? Should I stop?"

Charlotte didn't open her eyes, tears still flowing, but her pussy couldn't help but contract.

Frederick felt the change and began moving again, thrusting into her tight body with renewed effort.

Frederick usually went at it roughly, lasting so long that she couldn't handle it, but this time he deliberately slowed down, each thrust reaching deep inside, making it hard for him to last.

He held Charlotte tightly, not even changing positions, thrusting deeply and burying himself in her chest as he came.

After coming,Frederick didn't pull out, their bodies were still connected. The afterglow of the climax left them both very satisfied, especially Frederick, whofelt her pussy still gently contracting, making his penis feel like it was being softly massaged.

This feeling was incredibly pleasurable.

Charlotte was exhausted but felt an unprecedented sense of satisfaction and joy.

She didn't immediately push Frederick away,instead letting him hold her quietly.

After a while, they both calmed down, still holding each other quietly.

"I'm sorry." Frederick apologized again,this time with genuine sincerity.

Charlotte was slightly taken aback, her nose suddenly tingling.

Frederick saw she didn't respond and was about to ask what she was thinking when he looked up and saw Charlotte crying.

Frederick immediately felt at a loss, pulling away from her and finding tissues to carefully wipe her tears.

Charlotte awkwardly took the tissues, wiping her tears, but Frederick,unable to wipe her tears, started cleaning the mess between her legs with the tissues.


"Hey!" She exclaimed, sitting up abruptly, "I don't need you to wipe me,turn around!"

Frederick didn't know what he had done wrong again but obediently raised his hands.

Charlotte climbed off the table awkwardly, rushing into the conference room bathroom, and when she came out, she had tidied herself up.

She glanced at Frederick out of the corner of her eye, seeing he had put his penis back in his pants, and let out a sigh of relief.

"Why were you crying earlier?" Frederick asked.

His voice was hoarse, still tinged with lingering desire.

Charlotte bit her lip, unsure how to answer.

Frederick saw her hesitation and added, "I know whatever I say now sounds meaningless, but I was wrong that day. I shouldn't have ignored your feelings and forced you, and I defintely shouldn't have left you in such a dangerous place. I'm so grateful you're safe and sound; otherwise,I could never forgive myself." Frederick's voice was filled with endless regret.

He didn't want to make excuses for himself; going back to the hospital to treat his wound had indeed delayed him, exceeding his plan.

But wrong was wrong, and he shouldn't make any excuses for himself.

Hearing this, Charlotte's freshly stopped tears fell again.

She blinked, tears streaming down, her voice choked as she said, "I was in trouble, I was so scared! I thought I was going to die!"

The emotions she had bottled up for days finally erupted, and Charlotte sobbed uncontrollably.

Charlotte recounted the events after she got out of the car,making Frederick feel like his heart was being pounded painfully.

When he heard about the two men trying to harm Charlotte, he wanted to kill them immediately, but knowing they were already dead, he felt even that was too light a punishment!

When he learned that Jasper had saved her, he felt no resentment, only deep self-blame.

He had hurt Charlotte so deeply that in her moment of fear, she called someone else for help instead of him.

"Im sorry.I'm sorry!"

Frederick held her tightly, afraid that if he let go, Charlotte would disappear, "I regret it, I shouldn't have treated you that way, and I shouldn't have let you leave like that. Then you wouldn't have encountered those bad people."

All the blame was on him.

Charlotte hugged him back just as tightly.

The sense of security she felt holding Frederick was something no one else could give her.


"I regret it too. I shouldn't have gotten mad at you for no reason, shouldn't have kicked your wound, and shouldn't have left in a huff. If I hadn't been rescued in the end, I don't dare to think what would have happened to me..." Charlotte choked up, unable to continue.

Frederick kissed her forehead gently.′′NOmatter what happen to you, don't be afraid. As long as I'm here, I won't let anyone hurt you, ever."

The thought of Charlotte possibly being harmed made his heart ache and filled him with fear.

With Charlotte's strong personality, if those two bastards had succeeded,he 
might not have had the chance to see her today!

The thought of losing Charlotte made Frederick's heart unable to calm down.
###Chapter 99

Frederick held Charlotte close, comforting her like she was a child.

"How did we end up here?" Charlotte sobbed, more to herself than to Frederick. She couldn't wrap her head around how things had gotten so bad. Sure, their relationship had been pretty uneventful for the last five years,but at least they had space and companionship. They weren't constantly stressed over every little thing.


She missed those simpler times, not this constant state of fear and deceit.

"I'm sorry," Frederick kept saying, over and over. He wasn't the type to apologize much. Usually, he'd try to fix his mistakes rather than just say sorry. He figured if apologies were enough, there wouldn't be any conflicts in the world.


But looking at Charlotte's tear-streaked face, he realized all his usual methods and possessions were useless. All he could do was keep apologizing, hoping it would somehow heal her heart.

Charlotte cried in his arms for what felt like forever until her eyes hurt and her tears dried up. She finally stopped and looked up, her face red with embarrassment.


They were surrounded by trash cans filled with used tissues, some even scattered on the ground.

"Don't just throw stuff around like that. What will people think if they see this?" Charlotte's face burned with embarrassment.

"Well, I was wiping your tears. I wonder if people might think it's something else," Frederick teased, noticing her mood lighten a bit. Charlotte gave him a shy, reproachful look. "Clean it up. If someone misunderstands, I won't be able to show my face at your office again!"

"Alright. I'll clean it up," Frederick said, feeling a surprising sense of happiness rather than annoyance. He gathered the trash, completing the task despite his inexperience.

Watching his clumsy movements, Charlotte felt a pang of sadness.Despite the recent unpleasant events, one thing was clear: their interactions had become more genuine. Frederick was no longer just a man; he was becoming her husband, making her feel cherished and protected.

"What are you thinking.about?" Frederick asked, noticing her dazed expression. His gaze fell on her slightly rounded belly.

"Have you gained weight recently? Your stomach looks bigger than before,"he said, placing his hand on her belly with a puzzled look.

Charlotte's expression stiffened. She gently pushed his hand away,pretending to scratch her stomach casually. "Really? Maybe I've just been eating too much lately."

"Too much?" Frederick stood up slowly, sensing that Charlotte was hiding something from him. But this time, he didn't get angry. He just hoped she would be honest with him.

Charlotte knew he was suspicious. She lowered her head and said, "Let's not talk about this. What about Serena? She might be..."

"Don't change the subject," Frederick commanded.

"I'm not," Charlotte retorted.

"Then tell me," Frederick insisted. Charlotte tried to stay calm. She didn't want to reveal the pregnancy yet,but she also didn't want to lie to Frederick. "I don't have anything to worry about. I do have some things I can't say right now, but I'll tell you when I can,okay?"

"Why?" Frederick's tone softened, but he still wanted answers. He couldn't stand deceit and betrayal, but he wouldn't be angry if Charlotte was honest with him.


"Please, just give me some time,"she pleaded.

"Alright," Frederick agreed. Just as Charlotte was about to breathe a sigh of relief, he hugged her from.behind, his hand resting on her belly.

Charlotte froze.

Frederick thought she was afraid of his anger. "I can respect your choice,but I don't like being lied to. Just be honest with me," he said, his hand gently circling her belly. "If your stomach keeps growing, it would be like you're pregnant."

His casual joke made Charlotte's face turn pale, but luckily, he couldn't see her expression from behind.

Charlotte forced a laugh. "Don't joke about that. If I were pregnant,surviving that car accident would be a miracle."

She wasn't wrong. Although she was nearing the end of the risky period of her pregnancy, the accident had been terrifying. It was a miracle that both she and the baby were safe.

"It won't happen again. I won't let you get hurt," Frederick promised,tightening his embrace. He rested his chin on her shoulder, rubbing his cheek against hers. Charlotte squirmed, trying to avoid his stubble. Frederick,sensing her discomfort,moved closer. "Trying to escape? Do you think you can get away?"

"Let go of me. You're so annoying," she protested.

"Annoying? There's more where that came from. Do you want to try?"Frederick's warm breath made Charlotte's cheeks flush. She feared he might get carried away.

"I'm hungry. Let's go home and eat," she said quickly.

The word "home" struck a chord with Frederick. He turned her to face him. "Say that again."

"Say what?" Charlotte looked at him, confused.

Frederick's eyes shone with an emotion she couldn't decipher. Suddenly,he kissed her, catching her completely off guard.
###Chapter 100

Charlotte was too stunned to move, not because she was lost in his tenderness again, but simply out of fear that he might get carried away here.

At this moment, her body felt weak and soft, and she reallycouldn't handle any more of this.

Fortunately. Frederick only kissed her passionately for a while before stopping.

He held Charlotte in his arms, feeling the emptiness in his heart gradually being filled with a sense of happiness.

"It's so good to have you," Frederick murmured, his voice filled with lingering emotion.

Charlotte leaned against him, catching her breath and calming her emotions.


Hearing his words, Charlotte's face turned serious. "There are some things you might not remember, but I need to reiterate them."

She lifted her head and looked into Frederick's eyes, speaking earnestly,"The situation between you and Serena has become a chain and shackle between us. I trusted you once before and was willing to give you a fresh start, but then you lost your memory. This time, I'm still willing to give you a chance to handle it, but if your answer is still to be with her,then please let me go. If you can't give me a future, then set me free."

This time, Charlotte was giving Frederick an ultimatum.

Her previous plan was to leave quietly after the divorce, but now, she also
wanted to give Frederick a final explanation.

"No." Frederick felt a sudden panic in his heart. He held her tightly,afraid she would disappear the next moment.

Charlotte gently hugged him back, feeling an unprecedented sense of peace.

Previously, she hadn't thought things through and had been too selfish.When she found out about Frederick and Serena,she had unilaterally decided her and the child's future.


But that was also Frederick's fault at the time. His behavior only made her want to escape. If Frederick back then had been like he was now, she might have...

Never mind, she thought. Let's just consider this the last chance for both of them.


If nothing changes, she won't have any regrets.

When they returned to the villa from the company, Charlotte was stunned as soon as they entered the living room.

"What are you doing here?" Charlotte was shocked to see Serena,completely unprepared for her presence.

Serena was wearing a red velvet bathrobe, covering herself tightly, and holding a towel to dry her hair, clearly just having taken a shower.

"Why can't I be here? Charlotte, do you want to kick me out?" Serena questioned, moving closer to Frederick. "Frederick, please don't make me leave. I can't trust anyone else. I have nowhere else to go."

Charlotte was completely bewildered. Serena had been taken away by someone, and that person had even called her.

Charlotte asked. "After we met today, weren't you taken away by someone when I left? How did you get back?"

A flash of malice crossed Serena's eyes, but when she looked up, her big eyes were full of innocence.

With tears in her eyes, she said, "When was I taken away? After you left,I just took a cab home. Why are you telling Frederick I was..."

At this point, Serena's voice choked up. "Even though I know you don't like me, you can't ruin my reputation like this. If what you said were true,my reputation would be destroyed. Frederick,say something!"

Frederick frowned, his gaze sharp as he looked at Serena.

He fully believed Charlotte now, but he didn't speak rashly because he wanted to know what Serena was hiding.

If what Charlotte said was true, then Serena had been taken away. Given Serena's personality, if she had been taken by bad people, she would have made a huge fuss, not kept quiet like this.

So,what was Serena hiding?

Charlotte couldn't figure it out. She looked at Serena and asked, "Why are you lying? Who took you? Stop acting. We both know what happened today. If someone took you, they wouldn't have let you go so easily. Or do you know them?"

Serena was startled, not expecting Charlotte to be so perceptive.She had underestimated her. Serena immediately retorted, "What nonsense are you talking about? You asked me out, said some strange things, then left. I just took a cab home.There were no kidnappers! Charlotte, are you jealous that I'm about to return to the entertainment industry, sb you want to ruin me?"

Charlotte narrowed her eyes, feeling a bit of admiration for Serena's composure and acting skills, being able to lie so smoothly.

Charlotte didn't speak but walked closer to Serena, circling her.

Then Charlotte said confidently, "You still have that smell on you, and it's even stronger than before. It's the smell of a man's semen."

After saying this, Charlotte glanced at Frederick, her expression complicated.

Last time in the hospital, she hadn't recognized the smell immediately,but having just been intimate with Frederick, she made the connection.

The smell on Serena was semen. Although Serena had washed it off,Charlotte could still detect it.


And that was very strange. If Serena had encountered something bad,why wouldn't she say anything?

Was she afraid Frederick would abandon her if he found out?

"What smell? Stop making things up!" Serena was almost in shock.She had been bathing since she got back, washing herself repeatedly,but Charlotte still smelled it!

"Charlotte, don't think you can bully me. Tonight, you've repeatedly slandered me, first telling Frederick I was kidnapped, now sayingI have a man's semen on me. If you keep lying, I'll have my lawyer sue you! We'll both go down together."

Charlotte looked at her calmly. "Fine, I'll be waiting."

The more agitated Serena became, the more it proved Charlótte's nose hadn't deceived her.

"Frederick! Don't you believe me?" Serena turned to Frederick, holding her wrist up to him. "Smell me. How could I have the smell of semen? This is slander!"

Frederick's expression remained calm, but he did lean in to smell her.Apart from a faint scent of body wash, he didn't detect anything unusual.

But even so, he still believed Charlotte.






 

































 
 









 



































 





























 



























 








