
###chapter 1
*********
"A wolfless outcast branded as Alpha Dean’s mate. A vengeful hybrid hungry for his throne. When their unholy alliance ignites, Lia must choose: embrace her hidden power to protect her son, or watch her world burn. Destiny collides with vengeance in a battle where love is the deadliest curse."
*********

Lia's POV 

 Being a single mother has never been a simple job but try being a wolfless single mother. Your life would become hell, especially if you lived in Attic City where the majority were werewolves and little witches who risk their lives every day to be amid wolves.

 Unfortunately for me, I was neither a wolf nor a witch, or maybe I had a wolf but it was a silent one, almost useless. 

I don't know how the witches found me or why they kept me but one thing I know is this: I owe the witches a favor one day and I must put on this bracket made of coral to protect myself and make them think I am human.

 I am currently sitting on the stool staring directly at my beautiful reflection as I dry my hair. After so much rejection I have been able to get a job at a restaurant on the outskirts of Attics where I currently live. 


I dedicate the weekdays to work and the weekends to my son. A knock interrupts my beauty section as Merlin, my son, walks inside carrying a sad face. "Do you have to leave today?" He asks his five-year-old voice lower than usual. 

He hates it anytime I leave him, but I usually don't worry he is in safe hands. Benedicta, the oldest witch in Attic's coven, has decided to keep him under her protection. 

One thing I know for sure is that witches don't go back in their words unless you harm their own. 

I smile, drop the hair dryer on the table, and turn to him, "Yes dear, mummy has to work," I reply, holding his tender hands. 

He shoves his free hands into his pocket, something he does whenever he is nervous. It makes me wonder if this was his father's reaction when I told him I was a virgin.

 I am sure he would have thought it was a stupid idea for a girl to give her virginity to someone she just met but I wanted to. I felt my life had no fun, no pleasure in it and sex would be a great pleasure. He eventually took it but disappeared before I woke up. 

Exactly three weeks later, I found out that I was pregnant with Merlin. 

"Can I follow you?" he asks. He inhales deeply as if he is trying to form his words properly.

 "It's creepy in here. There is no kid to play with and you are never around. I am surrounded by old women, mama," he explained softly with a hint of pleading. 

He raises his head and stares at me with his honey brown eyes and my heart drops for a bit. I know how it is staying in the coven admits witches with no one around. I had grown up that same way too, and it has been fucking lonely.

 Therefore I understand his pain but I can't help it, the world outside is unsafe for us especially if they find out about his pitiful history. His grandparents were rogue, and his mother was roofless although the witches told me I had a wolf and it needed a strong event to awaken it. 

To me, it was unbelievable for a rogue to give birth to a full wolf. I mean it has never happened and if there is one thing I have learnt from my life, it is that good things never happen to me.

 "Please" he pleaded again before facing the ground again. 

"Look Merlin" I begin even though I know I don't have any excuse to give "Mummy has to work and you can't follow me but I promise to come more often. I will come at any chance I get and when I have enough money I will take you out of here. okay?"I ask, my voice shaking. I was on the edge of breaking down. 

"Promise?"

 "I promise" I replied and hugged him. He wraps his little arms around my neck. I break free from the arms and begin to tickle him and his young innocent laughter fills the air. 

After a while, I drop him down and watch him leave the room. I wear my clothes quickly. Lexie would kill me if I was late to work.

 "You said you don't remember the man you slept with?"Benedict asks as she leans against the door. I shake my head

 "No," I replied. When I first got pregnant with Merlin, Benedict did not care. I was in another country where only humans lived. Werewolfs had their school within their pack's territory. 

"Are you sure?" she asks with a cold voice. I rolled my eyes in frustration. She had been asking me this particular question since the day Merlin turned four. 

"Yes. Why do you keep asking me this sort of question Bendeticta? Is there something I need to know?" I ask my voice laced with concern. We had all concluded that he was human. After all, my wolf was silent. 

She stared at me intensely for a while, her eyes narrowing into a split " When Adeline beat him the other day he got angry and came to meet me to report what she did. I felt a strange feeling Lia," she said, allowing what she had just told me to sink into me. 

"He has a wolf. An unusually strong one is the type that only the gene of the Alphas contains."

 I furrowed my brow for a while confused about her explanation before it dawned on me.

"Wait. You mean his father might be an alpha!?" Surprise mixed with fear laced my voice. 

She gave me a light nod and walked up to me, "You must keep him safe Lia. An alpha Mateless heir is an abomination in Attics. They could kill both of you, especially if he is an enemy heir," she said I swallowed hard as I let her words sink into me.

  "It can't be. I mean I was in Miami. It is a land for only humans," I said in my voice, hoarse and weak with the realization that I might be the mother to an enemy heir and that we could be killed. 

The worst shot was that I did not even remember his face or anything. I was too drunk. The only conversation I remembered was the one I had when we were about to have sex and the scenes were blurry. 

"It's the earth, Lia. All creatures are allowed to live on it so be careful. The witches might not be able to save you," she said in a stern voice I nodded and watched her leave my room.

 "Lia, are you not done!?" Lexie's voice echoed around the house. 

"I'm coming!" I shouted and brushed whatever fear engulfed me. No one was going to take my son away from me. 


###chapter 2


 Lia's POV

 I hate working in restaurants. Male wolves hungry to defile anyone weak usually filled it. My case was worse. I had no wolf. It meant I could not even fight them whenever they tried to take advantage of me. 


 Thanks to Lexie and Adrian, they were always there to protect me.

  When Lexie and I arrived, we found the restaurant already filled with customers. We passed through the back door to avoid questions from our boss. 

 "You are late," Adrian whispered, standing between the both of us as we dished out orders. 

 "We know but we are here now, so can you go back to your work while we mind our work?" Lexie asked with a stern voice. She hated Adrian.

  To her, he was just another wolf waiting for the right time to have his way with me and she had to protect me since I had a soft heart. What she did not know was that Adrian had a crush on her, but he kept it to himself, afraid of her rejection. 

 "That was harsh," I whispered to her immediately after he left. She heaved a sigh. 

 "I was not a harsh lie. He always is. around can't you see that he is no different from others? He wants to take advantage of you," she said, her voice laced with concern. I picked up the plate that contained a customer's order. 

 "Has it ever occurred to you that he might want you and not me?" I said and walked past without waiting for another word. I looked at the order number and the people who sat at the table. 

 I tightened my grip on the tray as I approached Dimitri and his friend. Dimitri raised his head and watched me coming.

  "Ah, here she comes," he told his friends. They followed his eyes.

 I tightened my grip the more my knuckles were already white from nervousness. 

 "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have a wolf-less girl on the bed?" 

 Dimitri asked his friend as I set the plate down carefully.

  "I mean, imagine the pleasure you would get from fucking a girl without a wolf?" he added with a dirty smirk. They all laughed. 

 I raised my head to see Lexie staring at them with anger. I shook my head negatively, I could protect myself.

  Damien watched me as I saw them. He sipped his wine.

  "No, you are mistaken. It's fucking a human. Sometimes I wonder why the moon goddess would decide to make someone without a wolf. It's a waste of time and space," Damien said with a hint of sarcasm. 

 "They are created to satisfy us," Damien answered.

  "What do you think, lia?" I halted, trying to control whatever anger I was feeling. 

 "Satisfy us in bed. It would be a mark that you are not as useless as you seem," he said, and they started laughing.

  I swallowed hard and poured the last wine into a glass, without thinking I poured the wine on its face, I took the remaining bottle and poured the whole content on him. 

 "Sick bastard!" I muttered before leaving. 

 They watched me surprised that I stood up for myself for the first time. "You did a great job, lia. I'm proud" Lexie said as she rushed to my side after dropping the empty tray.

 "Don't you think the boss would fire me? I disgraced a customer in front of the others'' The boss already hated me for refusing to sleep with him. Imagine how he would feel if he found out that I did such a disgraceful thing" I added amidst tiny sobs

  "Hey look at me" she commanded softly. 

 "You don't have a wolf, it doesn't mean you are weak or you deserve all that they are doing to you. You should be proud of yourself. You stood up for yourself" she said as she rubbed my shoulders. With time the sniffing stopped.

  "Anyways have you heard?" she asked me with excitement, her face laced with joy. 

 "Heard what?" "The king is looking for his son's mate. Alpha Dean. He wants all the Mateless wolf to come to his place this Saturday" she said and watched my face. 

 "And?"I asked, knowing she was not done with her announcement.

  "And I want you to come with me." I shook my head negatively. I raised my brows with a sneer.

 "I don't have a wolf Lia, I am wolf-less. What makes you think the moon goddess would bless the Alpha with a curse like me?''I asked.

  "Oh please, the moon goddess can decide to give you an Alpha since she took your wolf and besides you can come because of me there would be fun," she said softly giving me puppy eyes.

  "There would be games and wine, you know. We could get drunk and besides I can't leave you alone with them," she said referring to Dimitri and his friend and the other men who wanted to take advantage of me. I was touched by her concern.

I wanted to go but It was a weekend and I was meant to spend it with Merlin , my son. And I could not tell her that I had a son. It was meant to remain a secret between me and the witches. 

 "I can't," I whispered slowly.

  "Please, for my sake," she added. I rolled my eyes and heaved a sigh.

 "Okay fine. I would come." 

 "Thank you!" She said, giving me a hug. I hugged her back and left. I walked towards the toilet and closed the door behind me. 

Everything this week was just so complicated, I promised my son that I would spend more time with him, I promised Lexie that I would go to one Alpha mating event with her and I was quite sure that I would lose my job immediately the boss found out what I did. 

 I used the restroom and stood over the sink splashing water on my face. I looked in the mirror to see Dimitri standing behind me with a scowl.

  "What are you doing here?" I asked turning to look at him. I tightened my hands around my trousers. Within a split second, my body was slammed flat against the wall, his hands tightened around my neck. 

 "Dim..itri leave me alone," I said amidst breath. Contrary to my request his hands tightened around me.

  "Now, let me make this clear. You are only alive because it is forbidden for a wolf to kill a fellow wolf and know this. You are weak. Useless. " He growled his eyes already turning gold.

 Don't tell me I will be killed by Dimitri in the toilet.

  "The next time you try what you did. I will make you and whoever you love pay for it" he said and leaned closer as he whispered. 

 "And contrary to what everyone thinks. I am sure you have a deep dark secret." My heart sank as my son's innocent face flashed before me. He drifted back and released me from his grip. I exhaled loudly.

  "Everyone has a secret," he said with a smirk and left. It took a while for me to stabilize my breath. I rearranged my clothes and went back to the restaurant. 

 Immediately I entered and my gaze fell on Dave, my boss. "Lia, you are fired immediately. Go home!" He ordered in a dismissive tone.

  My eyes met with Damien and I glared at him. He returned it with a smirk. These people were going to pay dearly for this.



###chapter 3


 Dean POV

 I sat on the chair opposite Lorenzo, playing chess. It has been my favorite game since childhood; I loved the tension that hung around trying to keep your king alive.

 Lorenzo stared at the board with split eyes and a furrowed brow. "I won't be home tonight," he says as he moves his knight towards my side.

 Ordinarily, I would have called him a twat. That one action had made him lose his game.

 "Why? We are meant to plan against the crescent pack. They attacked our workers last time if you can remember," I say and move my pawn to the middle side.

 He nods his head as he moves his knight forward. "I remember, Dean, but my mate needs me. I haven't been able to spend quality time with her and she is not happy about it," he explained, his eyes still on the board.

 I roll my eyes in anger. Ever since Lorenzo found his mate, it has always been "my mate this," "Izzie said," "wants this or that," and it was getting tiring. 

 He found it hard to say no to her. Something I was not comfortable with. He was gradually becoming weak, and it was not good for me or the pack. After all, he was going to be my beta after my father died.

 "Common man, tell her no. Give her some random excuse and then end it with a sorrowful emotional note. She will agree. They are women, after all," I said, trying to make him see reason with me. Something I knew would not work.

 He scoffed and leaned back into his chair to stare at me. "She is not just any woman, Dean. She is my mate. I can't refuse her," he said and paused, taking a gulp of the glass of tequila that was by his side.

 "You won't understand. You have never had a mate or decided to commit to a girl before," he added and drank the remaining wine.

 I rolled my eyes in anger. Why does everyone keep telling me that I need a mate? 

 For me, the moon goddess knew how cruel men would be and decided to create a version of herself and plant some weakness into our hearts toward only one girl.

 She strangely had to decide who it was that was the only explanation one could give me. Especially with the rapid change in Enzo since he found a mate. He was no longer the tough guy who killed at sight.

 Imagine my surprise when we caught a traitor and wanted to kill him. I called Enzo to give him the most brutal death. Something he usually enjoyed only for him to give me an excuse that pissed the hell out of me. "Lzzie does not like me coming home with bloodstains on my clothes," he said and left.

 If this was how weak mates made people be, then I sure as hell don't want a mate.

 "Oh please! I am not going to have my mate. I can't become a weakling like you," I scoffed.

 He smiled lightly and stood up, walking towards me. "Love is the greatest strength one can have," he said, tapping my shoulders and leaving.

 I did not bother asking him where he was going, as I was pretty sure it was to go and see Lzzie.

 "Tell Linda I want her in my room now!" I ordered. One guard left to inform Linda, my special whore.

 I liked her mentality a lot and if I wanted a mate, it would be someone like her, although not a whore.

 She understood me and acted accordingly. I give her protection. She gives me good sex anytime I need it.

 I walked into my room and locked the door behind me.

 She sat on the bed wearing only a pant and bra and a light robe that showed her inside.

 I dragged on my clothes, watching her as she stared seductively at me.

 Immediately, I was completely naked. I leaned forward, claiming her mouth in a kiss as my hands traveled down her hole. She moaned loudly as I shoved my hands deeper into her hole.

 "Dean.." She moaned messily just the way I liked it. A woman should not be able to control herself when I touch her.

 I felt a grip on my hand, making me stop. I looked at her list filled with eyes.

 "Why did you stop me, Puttana?" I growled.

 "Promise me this will continue even after your mating ceremony," she said in a low whisper as her hands drew lines around my back.

 I furrowed my eyebrow. "Mating ceremony?"

 "Yes," she replied as her hands traveled to my dick. "She said, 'Your father is holding a mating ceremony for you.'"

 "What the hell," I muttered as I forcefully removed my fingers from her hole. She gasped, surprised at my action.

 How on earth would my father organize a mating ceremony for me without my consent?

 I quickly got dressed and made my way towards my father's chambers where he had been for the past month seriously sick.

 "Father!" I shouted immediately. I got to the room, and my veins threatened to burst with anger.

 "How the hell would you organize a mating ceremony without letting me know?" I asked, pacing around the room, trying so hard to pacify my anger.

 His maid helped him to sit upright. He waved his hands, and she left, leaving the room that was filled with the warmth of my range.

 "Dean, you need it," came his croaked voice.

 "Have I failed you in any way, father?" I inquired, returning the spiteful glare.

 "No."

 "Ever since you fell, have I let any of our enemy attack and go scot-free?" I asked again.

 "No."

 "Then why do I need a mate? I can rule the entire pack without a mate. Maybe it is that the moon goddess or whatever you call her does not want me to have a mate."

 A glint of anger flashed through his eyes. "Now listen to me, Dean," he said in a stern voice.

 "Firstly, do not address the moon goddess disrespectfully or she will get angry and strike us and you are soon going to be an alpha. You need a mate to be by your side. A mate is a symbol of your strength."

 I balled my hands into a fist and shoved it down my pocket. "Oh, please spare me that. We both know I am feared amongst all the wolf packs. I don't need the presence of a woman to let the world know that I am power," I fervently argued.

 "You are going to find your mate this weekend and you are going to get married to her as soon as possible and that is final," he said with finality.

 "Fine! But know this, even though I find a mate, I will reject her immediately," I said with a sneer.

 "You will do no such thing!" He shouted and then coughed.

 I mockingly bowed my head. With a smile, I said to him, "Be my guest."

 "Dean!" He shouted as I slammed the door behind me.

 Woe betides the girl whom the moon goddess would choose to be my mate, for she would wish she was never born.


###chapter 4


Lia POV

"Make sure you wear your bracket Lia, don't take it out for any reason. It's going to protect you," Benedicta's voice echoed in my head. I watched as the houses flew past me in the cab.

Lexie had already fallen asleep in the car. We lived on the outskirts of Attics. It would take a long while to get to the place where the mating ceremony was going to be held.

I was going there for just one reason; to get food for me and some sweet delicacies for my son since I no longer had a job. Thanks to Damien and his friends.

Benedicta did not even know I was going to the mating ceremony. If she knew, she would have held me back or maybe cast a spell that would prevent me from passing the door.


I could still hear Tristan's tears as I told him I was not going to spend the entire weekend with him. However, after promising him that I would spend Monday and Tuesday with him, he started to smile again.

The cab stopped us at the front of the building and I woke Lexie up as we made our way towards the mansion.

"I will tell you something Lia, if Alpha Dean does not become my mate, I will take his beta," she said enthusiastically as her eyes wandered around the mansion.

I did not blame her, though. It was a beautiful sight to behold, screaming for money and power. It had this historical yet modern structure. A typical old money house with wonderful architectural windows. It had a water fountain in the middle. Three beautiful peacocks roamed around on the other side. They painted it fully gray with a touch of brown.

"I heard the Beta has a mate already," I notified her as we strolled inside, clinging to each other like inseparable twins.

"Whatever. There is also something called a second chance mate," she blurted out.

"They only happen when his first mate dies. Which is not going to happen"

She halted, making me stop. "Are you my friend?" She asked, her arms folded across her chest.

"Yes!" 

"Good. Then be on my side, support me in my fantasy," she retorted.

I nodded. She smiled and took my arms again.

"What will you do if you become his mate?" I asked her, trying to light up her mood.

"Oh, Lia. I would be the happiest person in this world. Imagine me being our Luna. I would find a good job for you and make Damien pay," she said enthusiastically.

I smiled, touched by her thought. I wonder how lonely I would have been if not for her.

"What will you do?" she asked me. I am interrupting my thoughts.

"Me? Nothing. I mean, we both know it is not going to happen. Why hope for something you would never get?" I replied to her.

She heaved a sigh, a sympathetic sigh. I smiled tightly as she squeezed my hands. I was already used to it...

To be pitied.

We entered inside and joined the other Girls waiting for him. Sooner than later, the royal member started joining us without Alpha Dean.

"I'm going to use the restroom," Lexie whispered, freeing herself from me before I could reply.

"Lexie!" I whispered yell and followed the direction she went. I roamed around the place for a while, looking for the female restroom that Lexie went to use.

One of the doors creaked open. I entered the next open room, which looked like a library. A female came outside the room, adjusting her black gown. "I hope nobody saw us," she asked, her voice tinged with concern.

"No, everyone is waiting outside for me to choose a mate. No one is around," Alpha Dean said, coming outside. He closed the door behind him and left. 

For the first time in a long time, I thanked the moon goddess for making me wolfless. I imagined his reaction as if he had perceived my scent.

Alpha Dean could kill me for knowing his secret. From what I had heard, he was ruthless. Makes me wonder why someone would want him for a mate.

I waited for a while until everything was silent before I left. I could not risk being caught.

I made my way towards the crowd, my eyes searching for Lexie.
"Hey, I have been looking for you," she whispered from behind me. I almost jumped at her sudden appearance.

"You scared me Lexie and I went away looking for you," I explained as she led me to the back.

"We would see everything from this angle." 

"But it's also means you will be the last, last," I replied.

"It doesn't matter, and keep in mind that after I leave, you will also leave."

"But-" I began.

"Don't bother giving me an excuse for you being wolfless. You will go!" she yelled.

"Fine!" I whispered in total acceptance.

A comfortable silence existed between us for a while before the event started.

Different girls, some from different parks, came to the event. He stood at the center rigid, emotionless, and watched as they walked around him.

Some are trying to seduce him. The girls were gradually reducing and within a short period; it got to Lexie's turn.

"Wish me good luck," she said in a nervous whisper before leaving.

"Good luck," I said and turned to the comfort of my coral bracket. It was the only familiar thing that I had.

Lexie walked around slowly. Her eyes were hopeful. Still, he did not move. She returned to me teary-eyed.

"Hey it's going to be alright," I said, giving her a tight squeeze.

"It's okay. Not like I expected it to be me," she said, a mist of silent sobs.
"Now go!" She ordered, resuming her stern voice.

Jeeze. I thought she was mourning her loss just now.

I took in deep breaths, and looked at Lexie one last time. She gave me an assuring nod, and I left.

With full awareness, I walked around slowly and nonchalantly, understanding that I could never be the Alpha's mate. The next Lycan.

The circle was completed, and nothing happened. Smiled and turned to walk towards my seat.
"You skipped one part" his lethal voice stopped me on my track.
Truthfully, I escaped that part on my own. I did not want to disgust him like the others did.
"Sorry Alpha," I quickly apologized and touched him.
My body felt a weak sensation pass through me as his hands tightened around me.
He growled, "mate".
That was not what caught my attention. Rather, what caught my attention was the tattoo he had on his hands. The same tattoo Tristan's father had on his hands the night we met.
My memory might be blurry, but I sure as hell remembered this tattoo. My heart sank into the depths of my stomach.
No, it can't be him.
He stood up and closed the space between us, adrenaline rushed within me with the idea of being close to him in front of everyone. He used his two fingers to raise my jaw making me look at his yellow eyes.

"Why don't you have a scent?" He asked sniffing around me.


###chapter 5


Lia POV

"Why don't you have a scent?" he asked, his voice filled with contempt and disgust.

I remained silent, I knew I had never been lucky but why on earth would the moon goddess mate me to an Alpha?

Alpha's brides are meant to be innocent, clean, and untouched. I was the opposite of the expectations for Luna. 

I have been touched and I had a child for a man who I did not know. Although he seemed to be bearing a similar tattoo to the father of my child it did not change anything.

I gasped as he grabbed me by my jaw "Answer me!" He shouts and I feel everyone around me flinching. His eyes sparkled with anger.

"I don't have a wolf?" I replied. He let go of my jaw with force. I glue my eyes to the ground to avoid everybody's eyes, particularly Lexie's own. I don't even know what her reaction will be.

He scoffed, "Can the moon goddess be more cruel?" He asks no one in particular to walk around me.

"Dean! She is your mate!" His father shouted from his seat, his voice sounding croaked because of his age and I heard he had been sick.

He growled "Oh please. I told you I did not need a mate and you forced me to find one only for me to discover that she decided to curse me with a woofless girl." he put his voice filled with venom.

He curses under his breath "She doesn't even have a scent. Father. She has nothing. What's the use of mating me to someone close to a human? I am an Alpha, I can't and I will not accept her as my mate!" He shouts pointing at me, his hands shaking with anger.

"You do not question the moon goddess. She gave her to you to protect her."

"Well, if I need to protect someone it should be someone who needs help not someone who is useless," he shouted, his voice cutting into my soul.

He was going to reject me. It wasn't new, I knew no one would want me but deep down within me I wanted my mate to accept me. To give me that comfortable warmth that is needed.

He turned back to me, his eyes glowing yellow. I closed my eyes trying as much as I could to numb the pain that would come from the rejection.
"I, Alpha Dean, reject you as my-"

"You cannot reject her and you will not reject her.'' A sharp feminine voice came from behind us. I turned around to look at her. She was in her fifties and wore a black gown with her hair painted black and white. She wore a long necklace that reached below her breast made with coral beads, beads that were similar to my bracelet.

She was a witch.

Alpha Dean furrowed his eyebrow, his eyes reduced to a split as he looked at her.

"She has a wolf. It's just locked within,'' she added, maintaining Alpha Dean's glare with square shoulders that screamed confidence.

She was a witch and she was confident about it. Witches were not allowed in this city.

"What do you mean Sabrina?" Alpha Dean asked.

"She has a wolf and it has been locked. Accept her and we will be able to break the curse."

He stared at her for a while and then he had a smirk on his face before he burst into laughter.

"Is this a ploy from my father to lure me into accepting her?"

"Believe me she-"

" Believe you? You are a witch, your people hate wolves. You are alive today because my father spared you from them using you as a harvest and you think I should believe you?"

Sabrina opened her mouth to explain but was cut short by Alpha Dean, "Guard! Take her away!" he shouted.

Two of his guards came to seize her. She put her hands in the air and walked up to me, leaning into my ears she whispered.

"Tell Benedicta I said be careful," she said and took a step backward, petting my shoulders.


"Remember you are our own," she said and walked away.


Alpha Dean's voice drew me back from thought.
"I, Alpha Dean, reject you as my mate," he said, finally uttering the words he had been waiting to say.

I inhaled sharply and looked at him. If I was to accept his rejection I should do it boldly after all he had not only rejected me but insulted me.

"I, Lia Pierce, accept your rejection," I replied, my voice sharp with pain.

Without wasting much time, I walked towards the door and left without waiting for Lexie. 

Immediately I was out of his mansion, I broke into tears. His rejection hurt me more than I expected, it was as if a part of me was being taken away.

I boarded a cab and went straight to Benedict's house to meet my son.
The house was unusually quiet. Tristian was meant to be around playing somewhere or maybe he was asleep.

I fastened my pace to his room and opened the door silently. He fell asleep on his bed. I heaved a sigh of relief. Thanks to the moon goddess.

I entered the room to caress his innocent face. Immediately the air at the back of my neck stood, I could feel someone's piercing gaze or should I say glare.

"Having an illegitimate royalty is a big threat, you know. You could be killed" A lethal voice spoke from the edge of the room where my back was facing.

I turned around and my eyes met with the burning red eyes.

"What are you talking about?"I asked, trying to hide the fear that was seething up my throat.

He waved his hands in the air, "Don't play dumb. I know this is Dean's child!"

"Well I, as his mother, is telling you that this is not Dean's child. His father is from Miami!" I replied.

"You saw the tattoo Ava, don't lie. You know within you that that is Dean's child."

"What do you want, did Dean send you?" I asked.

"No, I came on my own to offer you freedom. I would help you break your curse and in turn, you will go back to him or he will come looking for you and once you are inside you would destroy him for me," he replied with a grin.

"Who are you?"I asked, my voice laced with suspicion.
He grinned wilder, "That's for me to know and for you to dot.dot.dot," he said walking away.

"Think about it, the power of eventually becoming a Luna, which you will be given the fact that you are the mother to the heir." He said this time with a lethal voice.

"And note, I don't take no for an answer," he said and left.


###chapter 6

Luca pov
 
If you ask me what is more exciting than the smell of blood for a wolf, It is the fear in the eyes of the prey.
 
The same excitement rushed through me when I saw the look on Merlin and Lia's faces. To them, they have done nothing, but the mere connection they have with Dean is enough.
 
In fact, I have promised myself that I would burn any connection that would make Dean happy.
 
After soaking in the satisfaction that came from looking at Lia's blue eyes, I made my way back to Sabrina's house.
 
My hideout for the past years. I knock on the door for a while before she opens. She is dressed in her natural attire of a long flowing gown with a long coral bead necklace that touches below her breast.

She glared at me, while I returned her glare with a smile. Seriously, she needs to get used to the fact that I am not going to hide anymore. I killed a royal member, so what? One of them also killed my mate. I just decided to make it even.
 
She steps aside for me to enter inside and bangs the door immediately at her back. Ops, it seems someone is angry.
 
"I told you not to visit the palace yet. Do you want to get killed?" She asked immediately, and I sank into her soft white couch.
 
I rolled my eyes. "I did not go to the palace. I went to see my cousin's mate and his wife. Is there anything wrong with that?" I asked.
 
She rushed to me and gripped my chin, making me look at her with an amused smile. I think she really needs to cool off. No one is going to hurt me, be it the Alpha or his son, whose mystery I have made my personal assignments.

"Did I not tell you not to harm that child? Or his mother?" She asked, her voice laced with anger.
 
I remove her hands from my chin. "Relax Sabrina. I did not, and I thought you were a witch; don't you have the ability to see what everyone is doing?" I asked and stood up, walking to the kitchen to make coffee since she had banned me from taking alcohol.
 
"Yes, but I would rather waste my strength on something else than your mischief," she answered and walked up to me.
 
"Seriously, Luca, did you do anything that would make them suspect you? I have been hiding you from everyone, and just because I told you about your cousin mate, who has a child for him, you suddenly rush outside. Do you know what would happen if Dean got to you?" she asks, worry laced in her voice.
 
I scoff, "Nothing, Sabrina. He can't do anything. Besides it, Dean, the king of cowards," I said.

"So how did it go? Did she confirm it?" She asked.
 
"No, she did not need to. Her blue eyes said it all." I explain, remembering how intense her eyes were.
 
I run my hands over my hair. I need to take my mind off those fearful eyes. She is Dean's mate and needs to be punished.
 
"I just told her to do as I say and everyone. Would be happy, but for now. I am going to my home, I say and stand up, but Sabrina follows me.
 
"Your what?" she asked with concern dripping from her voice.
 
"My home. I need to tell my favorite uncle that I am alive," I say and walk out before she can say anything or for any of her spells.
 
I enter my car and drive around the pack for a while, enjoining the attention that comes from being known as a bad person.
 
Some of the pack members glare at me with anger while the girls blush as I wink at them. I make my way straight for the palace and enter the hall.
 
Some years back, I was known as a rogue, and I was worthless. The only worth attached to me was that my father was the Alpha son thereby making me a prince.
 
After the news of my abolishment, I got to find out everyone's true intention against means I have come to teach them a lesson.
 
I knock on my uncle's door for a while before entering. He is lying on his bed reading a book; he drifts his eyes from the book to me.
 
He stares at me for a while, and for a moment my heart drops. It stops breathing. What if he still hates me? Although I knew I deserved his anger, I thought he would forgive me. So many years had passed since he punished me.
 
"Luca," he calls out in a shaky voice. His voice was soft with affection. My heart drops a bit; he loves me. He still loves me.
 
"Uncle," I reply, still standing. 
 
He moves to sit up, which I help him to. He reached for my face with trembling hands.
 
"You are back! Where have you been?" he asked. I can clearly tell that he missed me.
 
"I have been-
 
Our conversation is interrupted by Dean, his son, and the Alpha. May he reign long after my death.
 
"Father! What is he doing here?" He asks with disdain.
 
His father opens his mouth to say something but i interrupts.
 
"I came to see my uncle and to stay. I am back from my punishment," I say with a poker grin.
 
He curls his hands into a fist. "Never! You can never live here," he commands as if he is expecting me to respect him.
 
I swallow hard and walk towards him, my arms crossed against my chest. I stare at him in the eye, or rather, I stare down at him, given the fact that I am taller than him.
 
"I don't remember asking you for permission, Dean. I am here to stay here and don't make the mistake of thinking I miss this place. I only came here to fulfill one wish, and that is to watch you burn," I whisper into his ears and leave.
 
###chapter 7


Dean's POV.

I watched as she shamefully walked away. All eyes were on her. A pang of guilt filled my heart as I wondered how people would mock and insult her.

She was a beautiful girl. Someone I would normally want to fuck, but not to keep as a wife.

To make matters worse, she was a rogue! Not a wolf or an omega, a fucking rogue!

Why did the moon goddess decide to be this wicked?

Anyway, that's not my business. I should remove her from my head. The earlier I did, the better for me. I would not want to find myself thinking about some rogue girl. Who is nobody?

My father cleared his throat, disrupting my thoughts. I straightened my shoulders, ready for him to lash out at me, or maybe insult me.

That would not really bother me. After all, I warned him.

His nostrils flared as he glared at me. In return, I gave him my best smile.

He stood up to address the pack, maybe to tell them to continue with the ceremony or tell them they will soon have their Luna. A promise I knew would never come to pass, at least not now.

"Wolves of Attics Pack. As you all saw today. My son, Dean, has rejected the gift the goddess gave to him for a mate. With this rejection, I am beginning to feel unsure about his potential as the next Alpha."

I furrowed my eyebrows as my muscles tensed. What was he trying to say?

Is he trying to say I am not going to be a worthy alpha?

Nah, I shook the thought away from me. I am his only child, the most feared Alpha among the other alphas.

I am a potential asset. He would not deny me of my throne because I rejected some rogue.

I could hear murmuring among my wolves.

He looked at me and I returned it with a glare; he returned it with a smile. "Therefore, I strip him of his position as the heir till he proves otherwise. Bear in mind that he might become the heir or Luca, his cousin, the rogue would become the Alpha.''

I burst into laughter. He glared at me, but I kept on laughing.

"You really thought of all the ways to threaten me and you came up with the idea of making Luca the next Alpha. Serious?" I inquired, my eyebrows raised as I glared at him.

"I can make anyone my heir."

"And the best option is Luca. The rogue? Have you forgotten what he did to us or should I reveal it to everyone?" I asked, pointing at the crowd.

The council of elders furrowed their eyebrows. As they whispered to each other. Of course, they did not know what he did. They would have killed him if they knew.

"Dean!" my father shouted, his hands rolled into a tight fist.

"Father!" I shouted back.

To think that he for once considered making Luca the Alpha was a painful discovery.

Anger was bottled up in my chest. I closed my eyes for a moment as I tried to control the anger that crept under my skin.

All this while, I have been a faithful son, a suitable heir. I have conquered more parks than he did when he was my age and then he just decided to blow everything up.

Why on earth should I feel surprised? He had never loved me, only seen me as an heir, someone to continue his throne.

It has always been Luca right from time.

When I was young and made a mistake, he gave me punishment too much for my age, but whenever it was Luca, he would say "he is just a kid".

A tap on my shoulders brought me back to reality, and I realized that all this while I had been glaring at my father.

Lorenzo came from my back and whispered into my ear "Dean, let's get out of here" he said, tapping my shoulders as he tried to calm me down.

I glared at my father once more and walked away. Straight to my room, with Lorenzo following me at my back.

Immediately we got to my room, I slammed the door so hard. In Fact, I was sure people outside would have heard.

"How dare he threaten me with Luca? Of all the wolves, Luca?" I asked him even though I knew we both knew the answer, but still.

He took a bottle of Scotch and poured it into two empty glasses. He handed one to me.

"Drink."

I took the glass from him and took it in one gulp and gave him to fill it again.

He watched me keenly for a while. I waited for him to speak up. Sometimes, it was hard for me to read him, especially when he wore a blank face.

"You have to apologize." 

My eyes narrowed to him. "To who?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"To your father. Let him win this time or else he will give your place to Luca, we know that he can do it."

I swallowed the Scotch in my glass, glaring at him with anger.

"Never!" I growled.

He smacked his tongue against his teeth, "The problem with you is that you never listen. Accept her and move on. She can become your Luna and nothing will happen except you want something to happen. '' he looked at me, allowing his words to sink in.

"You can even divorce her after your father's death. But now your priority should be being the Alpha and nothing else."

Whatever he said was true. I can't sacrifice my throne for a girl. And I could divorce her after the wedding.

I smiled at him. He smiled back with understanding. 

Gosh, whoever gave beta's, I am very happy you gave me Lorenzo.

"Now go," he said.

 

I smiled and went towards my father's chambers. I knocked at him and entered. He was pulling his crown.

"Have you changed your mind?" He asked as he took off his watch and wore his slippers.

I bowed my head and lowered my voice, trying to sound genuine. "Yes, Father, I am sorry," I pleaded.

He turned to me with a smile. "Good, that's my son," he said and walked up to me.

"Tomorrow, we will start the remaining ritual," he said. "Okay, you will eventually fall in love with her. The moon goddess made it that way."

I bowed to his height and let him kiss my forehead.

A knock came in, without waiting for an answer. The person came in. My eyes widened in shock.

Luca?

"Hi uncle," he greeted with a smile as he bowed toward him. My dad touched his head and raised him.

"You never said you were coming," he replied with a smile. His eyes glinted with happiness.

I closed my eyes. I needed to leave this room right now.

He turned to me. "Hi Dean, I heard you were holding a ceremony to find your mate, but when I came back, I was told you rejected her. May I ask why?" he said, giving me a mocking smirk.

I rolled my eyes. "it's none of your business."

He scoffed, "Of course, it is my business. Heard the girl you rejected is a rogue, just like me. You rejected your cousin's kind," he said, hitting me playfully on my chest. I glared at him.

"But don't worry, I am sure uncle will convince you as for now I have to go and settle something urgently," he said walking towards the door.

I released a deep breath, happy he was going to leave me. He stopped at the door and turned back with a grin.

"Hope you missed me," he said and left.

Immediately he left, and I turned towards my father.

"Did you invite him?"

"No, he came on his own and cheered up," he replied, tapping my shoulders. "He's your cousin."

I removed his hands from my shoulders.

"Over my dead body will I accept him as my cousin!" I said and left.
###chapter 8
Lia's POV

I stared at the letter in shock. How on earth did he know that my child was playing outside?

My chest tightened as fear gripped me. The last time he came, he had given Merlin a terrifying sight. 

What will he do this time? Take him away, but he knew he was the Alpha's child so why was he still trying to kill him?

"Why does he keep threatening Merlin?" I asked Benedicta.

She moved toward my bed and sat on it, placing her hands on the other side of the bed.

"Come and sit." 

I walked towards the bed and sat down. She gave my hands a little squeeze.

"Luca is Dean's cousin. He is called the ruthless rogue. They were best of cousins for a long time. Dean,  Lorenzo, and Luca were a perfect trio but then one morning. Dean's father sent him to his mother's park to be there and stay."

"Why," I ask. I mean whenever anyone commits a crime he is brought before the whole palace and the king recounts the crime the person committed.

And then he orders his death. Sadly most of the people were witches and people from opposite packs who came to seek refuge.

Anyway, Luca is his nephew he would not want any harm to come to him.

Benedicta smiled at my inquisitiveness"Well, it's simple. He must have committed an atrocity. I heard it was Dean who accuses him but we were never able to discover what the atrocity is. I wonder why he came back."

I furrowed my eyebrows, "Does the Alpha know about this?"

She smiled with curved lips, "I don't think so. Normally when someone tries to enter the park the Alpha will feel it and stop him and if it was someone he sent away they would bring him straight to the pack for cleansing and interrogation."

"So you are trying to say that he has his motives for coming?"

"Yes, according to the prophecy Sabrina had. He will come back for revenge and he will destroy everything precious to Dean." she paused for a while to let her explanation sink in through me. Then she added.

"And that includes you and your son," she said and gave my hands a light squeeze. I knew she was trying to comfort me but it was not working.

My skin was going pale.

"Lia?" she called

"Yes," I replied with a trembling voice. I was afraid that whatever she was about to say would confirm my worst fear.

"Pack your things we need to leave," she said, confirming my fears.

I withdrew my hands from her. All my life I had been in the Attics park. All the memories, the good and the bad were here.

Not to mention Lexie who was my best friend.

Merlin has just started having friends it would break his heart to live here. It would be like we were starting again.

"But if someone leaves the park Dean's father would feel it. They will think we were trying to run away and worse. We cannot let them discover who you are," I said trying to make her see reason with me as to why we can't leave.

She smiled and placed her warm palm on the side of my cheek, "Don't worry, I am fine and we will be fine. I can do some spell that would make us pass with ease but what I cannot do is bring back Merlin from the dead if he is killed."

Her words finally brought in the fear I was withholding for a while. I imagined Luca pulling the trigger at my son or doing something worse. 

I tried to wave off the images that formed through my head. Images that would mean death for me. Imagine Benedicta handing Merlin's ashes to me.

I dashed outside running to call Merlin. 

"Merlin!" I shouted, or I think I screamed.

"Yes mummy!" he answered from the corner and ran towards me with his small hands filled with sand.

I opened his palm and removed the sand."Come inside," I ordered.

"But I want to stay with my friend," he replied with a pleading tone.

I shot him a razor-bade glare, "Merlin, don't make me repeat myself". 
He bent his head and let go of the sand on his palm. It broke my heart to see him like this but there was nothing I could do.

He walked inside and watched me as I packed our clothes.

"Where are you going?" he asked with an angry pout."We are leaving" I replied as I arranged the clothes and the few ones we had.

"Leaving this place," he asked.

"Yes," I replied without glancing at him.

I expected him to frown but to my greatest surprise, he smiled.

His voice lit up with excitement as he asked, "Does it mean I will stay with you?"

My heart dropped. That means he was always missing me. He was ready to leave everything to stay with me.

"No, we are leaving the city."

The smile on his face dropped once.
"But why?"

I bent down towards him and cupped his face as I tried to hide the tears within mine."We don't have a choice dear. Remember that man who held a gun to your head?" I asked.

He nodded slowly"Yes. He had golden eyes."

I smiled sadly, "Well he wants to kill us and we have to run," I told him even though I knew he did not understand what I just said.

"I don't want to die," he mumbled.

I engulfed him in a hug "You won't die okay? I would not let that happen. So just bring out your favorite toys and we will leave."

He nodded against my head. "When do we leave?" he asked.

"Tonight. In the dark."

He nodded and started bringing out his toys and handing them over to me.

"Are we going to tell Dad before we go"? he asked as he gave me his black toy car.

I shrugged "He will find us."

He turned around and gave me the last toy "What about Aunt Lexie?"

I stopped right on track. How would Lexie feel if I left her without even saying goodbye?

It would be the worst betrayal. I would give her a text message.

"I would tell her."

"Okay."

Benedicta came in and gave us a necklace to put on. It was made of sea stones.

She gave Merlin toasted bread and tea. We watched as he drank it happily.

Immediately Merlin was done eating. We packed our things and made our way for the woods.

With Sabrina's necklace, we were immune to anything.

As we made our way towards the border, the hair at the back of my neck stood as I felt someone's piercing gaze at me.

I tried to shake the feeling off. I carried Merlin on my shoulders and clung to him as if my life depended on it.

Something moved in a flash around us.

I saw it and stopped. Benedicta stopped too as she sensed it.

It happened again. The wolf or creature ran at speed again.

Benedicta looked at me with fear in my eyes.

"Run!" She shouted.

It ran again and stood in front of us.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," the person replied with a smirk.

Merlin clung closer to me at his voice.

It was Luca. The man we were running away from.


###chapter 9
Lia's Pov

Benedicta brought out the white staff made from oak trees, known to be a good weapon for killing supernaturals.

"If you don't leave my side I will stab you with this thing," she said pointing it toward me as she moved to stand behind me and Merlin, to protect us.

He smiled for a while before he burst into laughter. Laughed and laughed.

"Before you kill me, I would have snapped your neck, Benedicta." He said, his eyes reduced to a split as he watched her keenly.

Within a split second, he snatched the white oak from her and threw it far into the woods.

He dusted his hands as he walked towards me." I mean no harm. Although I promised dear Lia that if she ever tried to double cross me I would kill Merlin," he said glaring at me.

I swallowed deeply. He stared at me for a while, his eyes boring into my soul sending strange sensations to my skin.

He turned away after a while and walked back to Benedicta. "But, you see. Merlin is my cousin and the rule of the Attics Pack says you do not kill your kind," he said with his hands on his waist.

"So I will let this slide but-" he said and within a second he was in front of me.

"Drop the child!" he ordered.

I looked at Benedicta, she nodded and took Merlin from me.

Immediately she took him, his rough hands circles around my neck.
"The next time you do this. I would make you scream so badly that you would never want to double-cross me. Do I make myself clear?" He asked he asked.

I nodded immediately. He was too close to me. His hot breath fanned my skin erupting unwavering excitement within me.

He leaned close to my ears.
"You would not want to fuck with me little wolf," he said and moved backward.

I exhaled loudly even though I did not know I was holding my breath.

Slowly three others came out from the place. They were all out in black clothes. Two females one male. 

I quickly recognized one of the females. It was Sabrina. The witch from the palace.

"Greeting my fellow witches," Benedicta said bowing her head slightly.

I could tell that they were older than her.

They nodded. I looked at Luca begging him with my eyes for an explanation.

" They are here to do a ritual that would unlock your wolf. We would know if you are a rogue or an omega or you have a wolf."

I held the helm of my gown to myself, afraid of how brutal the ritual was going to go.

Luca took my hands and pressed them softly, "Everything is going to be fine," he reassured me.

We stared at each other for a while before he left me.

Sabrina poured water on me.

"For this ritual, we will be needing the blood of an Alpha or the blood of a royal member."

Were on earth they going to find the blood of an Alpha?

Luca stretched forth his hands, "Take my blood."

Sabrina gave him a cold look. She took the bowl and slit Luca's wrist and watched as the blood rushed.

She slit apart from Merlin's hand spread her hands and did some spell the cut quickly healed.

They stretched forth their hands towards the bowl and began to do some incarnation.

Benedicta joined them too.

I looked at Luca to find him staring at me. Something about his eyes made me uncomfortable. 

His stare made me aware of my surroundings and suddenly the gown I was wearing felt too long. I wanted to lose my hair. To show him that I am beautiful.

I snapped out of the thoughts as Sabrina walked towards me. She took a transparent mirror and aimed it at the sky. 

There was a moon but it was not a full moon. She directed it towards the bowl and slowly, the bowl began to boil.

Then she handed it over to me and made me drink it.

My body began to shake, and my joints broke into shapes as I watched myself turn into a wolf. 

They watched me with keen eyes. Benedicta and Sabrina smiled.

I was a wolf a full one. Not a rogue, not an omega.

I slowly turned back into myself but I was naked, only left with pants and a bra.

They watched me, no one even bothered to give me a robe.

Sabrina spoke "You must one day repay us for the kindness we have shown you. You will teach Merlin that magic is a blessing. So that one day when he is an Alpha he would allow us to come back to our land.

She said and they left. Entering into the thin air which they came from.

Luca walked up to me with a blue bathrobe. It had his scent.

He whispered in my ear "You look too sexy for a Luna" I shot him a glare and he returned it with a smile


"So you should return to your home. The Alpha might have sent someone to look for you."

"But he rejected me."

He smiled with pride, "And I told him, he will accept you."

He said and walked up to me he pecked me on my cheek "Good night, Lia." He said and left the same mysterious way he came.

I and Sabrina ran home and settled in.

In no time we heard a knock on the door. I opened it only to find Luca staring at me with a creepy smile.

"I want to tell you that you have a nice scent. One I will never forget."

Somehow the thought of him never forgetting my scent warmed me up.

###chapter 10


Lia's POV

After Luca left I followed Benedicta and started arranging my things. Merlin was already fast asleep.

We had to arrange everything before anyone suspected we tried to escape.

"I can't believe you now have a wolf. I am so happy!" Benedicta said smiling with happiness.

"Yes, but what about what Luca told me?" I asked arranging my shoe rack.

She dropped whatever she was doing and rushed to me, her eyebrows furrowed deeply, "What did he say? Did he threaten you?" 

"No. He said Dean would come back to make me his Luna. Do you think that will be possible? Because he just rejected me."

She heaved a sigh and sat down on the chair.

"Well, it might be his father who is forcing him to marry you. But don't worry it will be okay. If you are thinking about Merlin I would take good care of him. After all, you have Luca-"

She added, "You have Luca with a smile."

I stopped what I was doing I  looked at her with a raised eyebrow and glared at her. 

"Benedicta, what do you mean?" 

She shrugged with a smile, "Oh don't act so innocent. I saw the way he was looking at you."

I knew that whatever she was saying was true. I still felt his burning gaze anytime I thought about it. My skin still shivered at the thought of his blue eyes.

But nothing can happen between us. After all, he was Dean's cousin and he had threatened me before with my child life.

For all I know I might be a game to him.

"You warned me of him, Benedicta. Let's not forget the fact that he threatened Merlin's life." I said and added.

"He is Dean's cousin. Nothing can happen between us." I said and continued arranging my clothes.

"Oh please. It's Luca. The king of rogues. If he wants someone he gets it. He is the only one Dean fears."

"I thought you said he hated him."

"Yes but-"

A knock on the door interrupted us. Benedicta quickly hid our unarranged clothes and went to answer the door.

They were the palace guards.
"Is this where Lia lives?" he asked.

"Yes," Benedicta replied and stood aside for me to answer them.

"The Alpha has requested for your presence tomorrow."

I leaned against the door frame with my hands crossed around my chest, "Why?" 

"You do not question the Alpha." he retorted.

"Mummy?" Merlin called from inside the room.

My heart dropped at once. Benedicta rushed towards him to answer me.

"Is that your son?" one of the guards asked.

"No, it's Benedicta's sister's own," I answered.

He glared at me, glancing all over my body as if to find some proof.

"Nine tomorrow morning," he said and left.

I watched them disappear into the night darkness before I shut the door.

I heaved a sigh. I was nearly caught. No one can know about Merlin at least for now.

Dean will not accept him since he does not remember what happened between us and Luca's intention was still uncertain.

"More people are getting to know about Merlin. We need to take him out of here since they know the place." Benedicta said drawing me from my thoughts.

"You can take him to Lexie's place," she said with finality in her voice.

***
The next morning

As early as six o'clock I was already on my way to Lexie's house. I knocked fervently at her door.

"Who is that?" She asked as she unlocked her door lock.

She stared at me with sleepy eyes, "What happened lia you-" I rushed inside cutting her short before anyone would see me.

She locked the door and followed me from behind.

"Lia, what is it? Is he okay?" she asked as I laid Merlin on the bed.

I clasped my palms together and apologized. "I'm sorry that I have not called you since the party."

She nodded and took my hands, "I understand. It's okay, but why are you here this morning?"

"I came to drop Merlin here. Please take good care of him. I have to go to the palace. The guards came to look for me yesterday night and almost saw Merlin. I don't want anyone to know about him yet. Lexie please." I begged.

"Fine, but do you know why they came to look for you?" She asked as she brought out a blanket to cover him.

"No, but I will find out. Thank you."

"No problem. Just be careful. Okay?"

I smiled, "Okay," I said and left her house.

***
The palace
I sucked in a deep breath as I walked into the palace. The guards immediately opened the door for me without asking.

I sucked in my breath as I tried to control the emotions that flooded me.

The last time I was here I was humiliated but it was different, last time I had no wolf.

This time I had a wolf. 

"Yes, we are together," Lzzie my wolf growled within me. I smiled.

I was led into the Alpha's presence.

He walked up to me smiling as if he had known me before. "Lia, he said with a smile. Welcome," he said and opened his arm to a warm embrace. I hugged him back.

"Go and call Dean tell him Lia is here," he said he ordered one of the guards.

Dean came back a few minutes late, entering inside with a stoic face. He spared a glare at me before turning to his father.

"You called me?"

"Yes, take Lia your mate to her quarters. We will do the relating ceremony tomorrow," his father ordered.

He glared at me, "She can help herself," he said and walked back without sparing me a glance.

Luca came in with his usual smile.

"Hello, love. Can I help you?" he said lifting my bags.

Everybody watched with keen attention. It's as if they hardly saw this side of him.

I followed him and left the palace.
"Welcome to the lion's den," he said as he opened a door for me.
###chapter 11
Lia's POV

I took in shaky breaths as I went into the room. I did not know what to do or who to talk to.

My so-called mate did not even recognize me as his mate. He looked at me with disdainful eyes.

And the Alpha had just ordered my marriage with Dean and he could not even look me in the eye.

The only person who acted nice to me was Luca and I was not even sure of his intentions.

He had threatened my son's life and had still gone ahead to become close to me. He was so nice to me and made his gaze so intense that it made heat erupt my whole body.

I shook my head at whatever feeling I was having. He was my husband-to-be cousin and enemy for all I know he could be using me as a pawn in his game.

A knock on the door interrupted my thought. I sat upright and straightened my shoulders.

A fair lady walked inside and greeted me, "Good evening my lady. I am Maguse, your new maid," she said beaming with a smile.

Maid? I have not even gotten married and I already had a maid?

I smiled back at her, "I am Lia." I replied.

She nodded, "I am always at your service. Do you need anything?" She asked.

"Not yet, but I will tell you," I said.

Her eyes wandered around the room and landed on my bag of clothes, "I can help you arrange your clothes, while you can ask me any questions."

I looked at her and then at my clothes. She seems to like me. I shrugged and nodded, "Yes. Sure." I said.

She immediately opened the bag and started arranging my clothes.

I lay on my bed. I took out my phone to text Lexie.

"I am to get married to the Alpha tomorrow. Please don't let anyone know about Merlin. The Alpha presently hates me," I texted.

"Sure. I will do it. We played a game today. He has already fallen asleep but I did not want to wake him up," she replied.

"Thank you for being a good friend," I texted back.

"Nahh you are the best," she replied feeling touched. 

She had always been a good friend. I don't know what I would have done without her.

"Are you going to come down for dinner or should I send your food," she asked interrupting my thoughts.

I nodded. "Yes, bring my food here." Besides Dean does not even like me. After a few minutes, she came back with my food and placed it on the table. She nodded and left.

A few minutes later someone knocked on the door.

"Come in," I ordered.

Luca breezed In as if he owned the room.

"I see you are already avoiding your husband," he said with a grin.

I rolled my eyes and focused on my food. The room suddenly became too hot, his intoxicating scent filled the air.

"I love my personal space," I replied with my attention still on my food.

He took two steps closer, his scent becoming more intoxicating. How could I have such a strange feeling for him?

Gosh! I need this mating ceremony to happen fast before I commit an atrocity.

"So it means I am interrupting your personal space."

"Yes".

" It did not seem like that in the forest," he said.

My skin flushed at the thought of what transpired last night. I closed my eyes as I remembered how his musky breath intoxicated me.

He moved closer. His hands touched my jaw as he attempted to make me look at him.

I dodged. I can't look at him. I was afraid that I would lose myself in his eyes.

"Lia look at me," he said with a low pleading voice.

I took in shaky breaths and looked at him.

"My room is next to yours. The palace is not the way you seem it to be. So many people want you dead. If you need anything call me," he said.

"Why?"

"What?" He asked his eyebrows farrowed.

"Why should I trust you? You also want me dead."

His eyes darkened as he swallowed hard.

"You think I want you dead?" He asked disbelief laced his voice.

I shrugged, "Yes, after all, you threatened me."

He scoffed as his jaw tightened.

"I made you get back your wolf. I would have killed you. That was my intention but not anymore," he supplied his gaze burned into my soul.

"If there is anyone who wants your safety. It is me" he added and took a step back and somehow, the space took something away from me.

His gaze was still on me. He opened the door and came back with a bag.

He placed it on my bed. "These are your wedding clothes."

I furrowed my eyebrows. Dean was meant to be the one who sent me my clothes.

I stood up from my table and walked towards the bed.

"Did Dean send you?"?

He shook his head, "Dean can never order me," he said and opened the bag.

"Red suit you. I bought the dress for you because. You don't get it. Dean hates you. He will not waste his time."

"What if he does?"

He shook his head with pity. As if he was secretly mocking my hope.

"You wear the one you chose but if he does not put on min," he said and walked towards me.

I stood transfigured on the ground. His height hovering around me.

He moved a strand of my hair behind my ears. His eye moved to my lips as it darkened.

He took hold of my hands and I shivered at his touch.

He removed his eyes from me and pecked my head.

"Good night sister-in-law," he said and turned to leave.

I took in and exhaled a shaky breath as I tried to steady myself at the effects of his space.
###chapter 12
Dean's POV

She has a scent, I smelt it immediately when she came into my father.

How did she have a scent? The last time I rejected her she had no scent. How come she has now?

And why did she look more beautiful as if her wolf enhanced her beauty?

I needed to shake off any thought about her. I am marrying her to please my father so that he would make me the next of kin.

Once, he makes me the Alpha I would wait till he dies, then I'll divorce her.

But I didn't think that was possible because the last time I rejected her it broke me.

Her face kept reappearing in my head. To make matters worse Luca was always friendly towards her.

I knew Luca. He would never do something if he was not going to benefit from him.

I closed my eyes to sleep as fear crept into me.

Anytime I closed my eyes, I always saw myself having sex with a girl. Then I will see a little boy who looks exactly like me.

The baby's face was always clear but the woman's face was not clear.

No matter how hard I tried, it remained blurry.

"Ahh," a loud female piercing voice interrupted my sleep.

I sprang up immediately and made my way downstairs in haste.

I met Lorenzo on the way. "Do you know where that noise came from?" I asked.

He shook his head in a hurry. "I think it came from Lia's room," he said.

Immediately I heard Lia. I rushed downstairs without thinking. My heart fell down my chest.

I shouldn't be feeling this way because I hate her but she was under my custody. 

I switched on the whole light. Lorenzo ran behind me.

I stopped when I got to her corridor. A lady was lying on the ground in a pool of blood.

I stood transfigured, It can't be her. But she had the same hair and wore a nightwear that someone like her would wear.

Plain but beautiful."Let's go!'Lorenzo shouted, drawing me from my thoughts.

We quickened our step till we got to her door. The person lauded her body and stabbed her. A knife was by the side.

It was organized. Her maid. I tried to open the door but it was locked.

"Please don't hurt me. Please" she pleaded.

She was in danger, so we had to move and break the door.

Without thinking twice, I pushed the door, using my full weight against it.

One!
Two!
Three！

I hit the door and it opened. We rushed inside, and the intruder immediately jumped through her window.

I rushed toward her and glanced through her whole trembling body.

"Are you okay?" I asked concern laced in my voice.

She nodded even though it was clear that she was not okay.

She took in shaky breaths and steadied herself.

"I am fine," she said with a shrug.

Luca burst in immediately, breathing hard.

She raised her eyes and it met Luca.

She immediately ran to him and engulfed him in a tight hug.

Luca's eyes widened for a while before he wrapped his arms around her.

"Are you okay?" He asked with pure concern.

I have never seen him this concerned about someone.

I looked at Lorenzo, and he raised his eyebrow at me.

"I'm fine. I called you. Where did you go?" she asked, still hugging him tightly.

My heart dropped at the site. Anger surged through me.

She was meant to be my wife. To hug me instead and not him.

"I went to see you," he said.

She immediately pulled from the hug, her face laced with concern.

"Do you mean Mer? Like Mer?" She asked.

He nodded, "Yes."

Her breathing increased, "Is he okay? Is he already?"

"Yes I took care of it, Mer will be fine,"  he said with a smile.

I cleared my throat "And who is Mer?" I asked.

"Nobody!" They both chorused at once.

I lowered my eyebrow and reduced my eyes to a split. They were obviously hiding something.

I would make sure I have guards follow them.

"Lia, go to bed. I will send the guards down." I ordered.

She stood in the same position. She looked at Luca and he nodded.

"I will be around," he said.

She made her way towards the bed. "I need to sleep," she said, stating that she wanted us to leave her.

We nodded and left. Immediately we were outside. I pushed Luca to the wall. As I tried to control the anger in me.

"What the hell do you think you are doing?" I growled.

He smiled, "What do you mean?" He asked feigning ignorance.

"Trying to impress my mate."

He laughed, "Point of correction she is no longer your mate, not at least till tomorrow. Besides we are just friends."

I watched him with a glare from the hollow of his toes to his head.

"I will make you drown in your blood if you try anything funny with her," I warned, venom-filled my voice.

His grin grew wilder. "Do I sense jealousy?" He asked.

I scoffed and stepped backward. I did not know what got over me that made me so protective of her.

Or so jealous of what she and Luca had. In Fact, I would not call it jealousy, I am trying to protect my wife.

"Lia is a beautiful girl. I would never hurt her but you?" He said pointing at my chest.

"I would hunt you down and make you pay for what you did."

We glared at each other. Our eyes beamed with raw range.

"if you try anything stupid I will kill you."

"You saw your wife's reaction just now. If you hurt me she might just kill you," he warned.

My jaw thickened. He was trying to use Lia to get to me.

I glanced at him once again and walked away. Lorenzo followed me at the back.

"We need to end whatever is going on between them," he said as we climbed the stairs.

I nodded in agreement. 

She was my wife and mine alone.


###chapter 13
I lay on the bed, eyes opened throughout the night. I did not even bother sleeping.
My mind kept racing back to what Luca said. 

Merlin had almost been attacked. Hope Lexie was okay.

At four o'clock I stood up and started pacing around the room. Once it was five o'clock I would go to Lexie's house.

Confused thoughts ran through me. Merlin has never been attacked. Up until now, I had succeeded in keeping Merlin a secret from everyone.

No one knew about him. So how come the first night I spent in the palace, they attacked him.

It only meant someone knew about Merlin's father. The only person who knew about it was Luca.


Could Luca be the one who tried to hurt him? I mean how did he know he was about to be attacked?

No. Luca would never want to hurt me.

"He might not want to hurt you but remember he is Dean's enemy. His anger might hurt Merlin," my wolf said.


This was the first time she was talking to me since the night they unlocked her. 

I smiled with courage, I now had someone to be around me.

"Who do you think it might be?" I asked my wolf.

"I don't know," she replied in a sad voice. Obviously, she was sad that my child was in danger.

"I think Dean is suspicious of you and Luca after the affection you showed his cousin," she added.

I knew it was going to make us seem suspicious but I could not control my emotions yesterday. Luca was the only one I felt comfortable around.

Immediately it was 5 o'clock and I wore my dress. A pair of trousers and a white shirt left my room and walked towards the gate.

The guards stood in front of the gate with a stoic face. Their overly body-built body hovered over me as they tried to intimidate me.

"Move out of my way. I need to see someone." I said with a frown.

"The Alpha has insisted one of us follow you if you are going out," he said.

I scoffed, Dean can't be serious. I knew he was doing it because of what happened yesterday.

He was trying to find out whatever we were hiding.

Coward! He will never know anything about me and my loved ones after all he hated me.

I crossed my arms over my chest "I don't want to go with a guard I can go on my own."

They remained in the same position as one of them spoke, "Then I am afraid we can't allow you." 

I tried to push them away but they did not flinch. 

Ahhh! I hated Alpha Dean with my life. I needed to see Merlin even though today was my wedding day.

I glared at them for the last time and made my way inside blind with rage and fear when I bumped into a hard chest.

I looked up with relief, it was Luca.

He raised his eyebrows as he asked "Are you going somewhere?"

I nodded, "I was but your annoying Cousin told his guards to make sure I don't leave this palace without them." I said.

"Is it about Mer?" He asked.

I nodded with a smile. I like the fact that he gave Merlin a nickname.

"I want to see if he is fine," I added with a low pleading voice.

He stared at me for a while and heaved a sigh.

He took hold of my hands and we went to his car. He opened the door for me and I entered. I beamed with a smile at him.

The guard remained standing at the front of the gate.

The guard stood by the gate, "You can't take her with you," he said.

"On whose orders?" He asked his voice deep with anger.

"Alpha Dean," he said.

Luca took in deep breaths and looked at me "Whatever you do. Don't panic and know that I will never hurt you," he said.

I nodded wondering what he was going to do. 

"Open the gates or I will blow you off," he threatened. 

A cold shiver ran down my spine at his threat.

They stood there untouched. He drew a gun from the back of his pocket and shot them on the spot.

He pressed the button as the gate rolled out.

He entered his car and banged the car door. I watched with awe as he turned on the car.

Did he just kill for me?

"Are you okay?" He asked his eyes on the road that led to Lexi's house.

"Yes."

He spared me a glance, his eyes lingered on my top, his jaws tightened and then he looked away.

"You are not scared about what just happened."

"No. You will never hurt me." I said.

A little smile appeared on his lips, "Good."

A comfortable silence evolved around us as I took my time to take in the intricate details of his body.

He wore a tight long shirt that enhanced his muscles. His black shining hair was perfectly combed with some strands falling on his forehead. His perfectly curved heart-shaped lips made it irresistible for me to look away.

"I think you are going to be committing adultery anytime soon," my wolf spoke from within.

I nodded with a smile, my skin lit with fire.

"Forgive me but I made Benedicta do a spell around Lexie's house. That was how I knew he was being attacked."

No wonder he knew about the attack and here I was suspecting him. The car stopped at Lexie's house.

"I will drive off to Benedict's house while you go in. Dean might send people to follow me and I want them to think we are with Benedicta'' he said.

I nodded with a smile. "Thank you," I said and sneaked into  Lexie's house.

Immediately I opened the door and Merlin rushed towards me and jumped on me.

"The man who came that day. He saved me. They wanted to kill me," he said in a low shivering voice.

I hugged him tight as I caressed his hair. "It's okay. I'm here" I said.

Lexie walked towards me. With watery eyes. Gosh, she must be so scared.

"The ruthless rogue was the one who saved us. There were five. They wanted to kill Merlin but somehow he killed three. Two ran away." Lexie said.

"I'm sorry." I apologized.

It's okay. Just be careful," she said with a smile.

I spent the last hour with Merlin. Immediately Luca honked at me and I bade goodbye to Merlin.

He started crying. He did not want to leave me. He was so scared. I consoled him and promised to be back and left.

The ride back home was silent. Luca seemed tense.

Immediately we got into the palace. The guard stood in front of us. "The Alpha wants to see you."

Luca nodded and we walked inside the house.

Dean's father together with all the royal members stood there staring at us.

"Why did the both of you visit a witch this morning?" He asked.

My heart sank into my chest. It meant Benedicta was in trouble

###chapter 14


Dean POV

Knock!Knock!Knock!

The loud knock on my door interrupted my sleep. I looked at the time I was just five o'clock in the morning.

What could be so urgent that they had come to knock on my door?

It better be something reasonable. I rubbed off the sleep from my eyelid and went to open the door.

I met Alberto, the head of the palace guard panting several beads of sweat dropped off his head.

"What is the matter?" I asked as I closed my door behind me.

He bowed his head "Two of our men were killed"

"What?" I asked my voice low with surprise.

"Are we under attack?" I asked

"No." They were the ones you appointed at the gate. Lia woke up a few minutes ago to go out and we refused as you instructed" he said and paused for a while.

Goosebumps filled my skin. Could it be that Lia was the one who killed them?

But she looked too innocent for that.

"She went back and came out with Luca. They told him what you said and he told them to leave the gate. When they refused he shot the both of them and went out with Lia" he explained.

I groaned, where could they have gone this early morning? Could they be having an -

No, Lia does not look like someone who would fall for Luca. Besides, Luca has never been the faithful type.

"Send our men to trace them and tell us as soon as they can. Or better still, track them if they can!" I shouted.

He bowed immediately and left. I went inside my room and closed the door with a bang.

Lorenzo came in a few minutes later. His eyes widened as if he had heard what had happened.

"We need to stop Luca. Or he might kill Lia, there is no other reason he could decide to help her. He is trying to be an angel" he said as he sat on my bed.

While I paced around, I walked toward the window where I could have a clear view of the park.

"Or, he might be having feelings for her."

The Luca I knew would not kill someone for just any woman.

This made my body itch the more, I wanted to dig into his heart to know if he wanted to kill her or if he wanted to have her.

I got the information later on that they had gone to visit Sabrina. At least that was where his car stopped.

I immediately told my father and he had decided to wait till they returned to punish Luca if he could not give a good reason.

Minutes later he drove into the palace at full speed.

Blood riled up within me as I saw Lia and Luca step out of the car.  Like what in "stay away from my mate" did he not understand?

Although he pointed out that she was not yet my wife. I could not just wrap my head around the fact that she spent more time with him than with me.

Even though I knew I had made myself unavailable she could have grown a bond with someone else. 

Not  Luca.

After the scene last night, I had concluded that I would stop whatever bond they had before it became too risky.

Luca was a sly, cunning snake. For all I might know he might be using Lia as a pawn in his game.

Worst still was that Lia was innocent. 

I thought he was going to listen to me and stay away from Lia. 

So imagine my fucking surprise he came out and even opened the door for Lia to come out.

"Why did the both of you visit a witch this morning?" my father asked immediately as they entered.

He smiled and his eyes darted to mine
"So you had me followed," Luca asked with a crooked smile. 

I glared at him.

"Where did you take the future Luna to?" My father asked with a stern voice.

Luca swallowed "We went to see Sabrina. You allowed her to be in the park even though she is a witch. So you can't tell me we can't visit her," he said and glanced at Lia, his lips raised at one side.

Lia nodded with relief. That only meant one thing. 

Luca had tricked us. They did not visit Sabrina.

He smiled at me as if he knew what I was thinking.

Bloody bastard! I muttered.

"Why did you go with Luca?" My father asked Lia.

Lia tightened her grip around her bag "Your son refused to allow me to go on my own" she reported.

"And why were you going to Sabrina "

"For protection" She answered with confidence.

"For protection?"

"Yes, my maid was killed last night. A man attacked me and almost stabbed me. An outsider because he did not have our scent" she replied. It was clear that they had planned this together.

My father turned to look at me with a lowered eyebrow of course I skipped the path of Lia being attacked.

"Dean, were we attacked?" he asked me in a deep voice.

I nodded

"And you did not deem to tell me?" He asked again.

I kept quiet. How was I meant to tell him that if I had to tell him? I would have told him that my mate openly hugged Luca.

Confided in Luca in front of me.

He shook his head and turned to them "You all can go. And Luca we do not kill our own. Put it at the back of your mind" he warned him

"Get ready for the mating ceremony this evening," he said and left.

Luca walked up to me and leaned into my ear "Try harder next time" he whispered and left me.

I glared at him. Of course, there will be no next time because I would have marked her as my mate.

I walked inside to prepare for the re-mating ceremony.

###chapter 15


Lia POV.

When we entered the palace and met the Alpha waiting for us. My heart sank deep into the depths of my stomach.

They had followed us. How much information did they get?

Did they find out about me and Merlin?

What were they going to do?

Did they trace Luca's car to Benedicta's house?

To confirm my fear the Alpha asked "Why did the both of you visit a witch today?"

It only met one thing. They had found out that Luca had gone to visit Benedicta.

But Benedicta was not old. She was a middle-aged woman. In her early fifties.

If they knew that she was a witch it meant that they were going to kill her.

I looked at Luca who seemed to care less about what they said. 

Many thoughts ran through my mind as I tried to fathom the reason why he seemed so unbothered.

Did he allow them to see him?

Gosh! Benedicta was the only parental figure in my life. I could not lose her.

Immediately he confirmed that it was Sabrina, I heaved a sigh., I think Dean noticed my reaction because he immediately raised an eyebrow.

He looked too pissed. As if he was angry that I was spending time with Luca.

I rolled my eyes as bile riled up within me in disgust. He was just pretending.

I was sure that he wanted me dead and out of sight.

Luckily for us or should I say thanks to Luca we were spared.

Like we were spared! After Luca killed two bodyguards we were spared. 

Wow! The king held him in high regard because it was a law in our park.

"You do not hurt your kind."

If you killed a werewolf you were liable to death with an oak treatment.

Meaning they would slowly use the oak to stab you until. you die.

After announcing my engagement, the king left. Luca whispered something to Dean and walked away.

Not after he winked at me. A gesture that made my body grow warm.

"You are in front of your mate!" My wolf growled within me.

I looked up to see Dean glaring at me. I glared at him back. What the hell was his problem?

After all, he did not want me.

I sighed and walked towards my room. A lady dressed in maid clothes stood at the front of my door.

"Who are you?" I asked her.

She smiled and bowed her head "I am Sasha. I will be your maid till Magause gets well" she explained.

I nodded at her. I glanced at her from her head to her toe. For some reason, I felt very uncomfortable around her.

"Okay. You can go" I dismissed her and walked into my room.

I laid all the bed as I turned around on my bed as I waited for the evening to come.

Luca felt so unbothered about the wedding. Or maybe he was trying to feign ignorance.

A few hours later, Sasha knocked on my door with some makeup kits to get me ready.

"I would make you the most beautiful bride ever," she said with a smile, a forced smile. I could detect it was a fake smile from the line of her lips.

I smiled, nodded, and watched as she did it. "So are you happy about today's ceremony?" she asked as she applied the makeup.

I held her hands for a while. She stopped to look at me."What do you mean?" I asked with a steel voice. My eyebrows lowered with anger.

What was she trying to imply?

She smiled at me. A smile I found genuinely irrigated about.

"I was just trying to start a conversion. You seemed quiet for a bride" she said and continued with her makeup.

"Well, I am happy for my wedding. I am going to be Luna after all. Besides I don't have anyone to talk to about it" I retorted.

"You could talk to me. I am your maid" she said.

I gave her a forced smile "Exactly. You are my maid and not a friend. Now will you finish up" I blurted out.

She smiled at me and continued doing the makeup.

I wore the exact clothes Luca gave me. A red gown with a silver necklace and shoes.

Just as Luca said, Dean did not bother to send me my dress. He did not care about me.

As I walked toward the hall, I realized that I was meant to have a bridesmaid to hold my flower.

I also needed a man, or relative to walk me down the altar. I had no one. Benedicta was a witch and Lexie was meant to stay with Merlin.

I squared my shoulder and walked towards the door. Luca stood at the side, in white trousers and a suit. His inner shirt tightened around him enhancing his features.

He cleared his throat and gave me his arms with a smile, I took it and made my way towards the altar.

When we got to the altar, Dean stretched forth his hands and took my hands from Luca.

They immediately commenced their mating rights.

And I was crowned the Luna, however one thing was missing.

Dean was not my mate. The moon goddess has refused to rematch us.

Dean looked worried, on the other hand, I was happy, I was free and even though I did not know who my mate was at least I was not Dean's mate and that was all that mattered.

I looked at Luca's eyes and even though he tried to keep his face blank I saw a glint of joy in his eyes.


###chapter 16


Dean's POV

I stood rotted in my spot after I kissed Lia and nothing happened.

Like no connection, nothing happened. Adrenaline rushed through my spine as my chest tightened.

She was not my mate. The moon goddess had refused to remate us together after I had rejected her.

Then who was her mate and who was my mate? Although I still feel drawn to her. I did not know why.

I looked at her face which shone with a smile. She was really happy that she was not mated to me.

I am meant to feel the same way too but a pang of sadness missed with fear gripped me.

She looked at Luca, whose eyes shone with relief. 

Were they mated together and refused to tell anyone?

I stood at the edge of the hall where they used to hold the ceremony. I watched as dignified people walked in.

Alpha and Luna are accompanied by their Betta. 

I searched for Lia but she was not in the crowd. Maybe she went to change her clothes.

I sipped my wine as I smiled at the some familiar faces 

I looked at the time it was six-fifty and Lia was nowhere to be found.

Where was she? Don't tell me she wants to be late for our first appearance as couples 

"What are you going to do?" Lorenzo asked as he stood beside me. His hands were in his pocket while the other held a glass of wine.

"About what?" I asked my attention while still in the crowd.

"About lia. We both know she is not your mate" he whispered.

I shrugged "I don't know. I mean she was meant to be my mate. I wonder why we were not mated together" I said with a little bit of sadness in my voice.

"Who do you think is her mate? Could it be Luca" he asked.

I shook my head in disbelief "No, it can't be" If it was Luca he would have made sure he marked her and made it known to me.

"Then who could he be," he asked, his voice masked with worry.

I knew why he was worried. I was also worried as well. We did not know who both our mates were.

It meant our pack was in trouble. I imagined her mate to be an alpha from an enemy pack.

It would bring in war as he would do everything within his power to have her.

Let's not talk about me. Although I felt relieved. It's not like I wanted to have a mate before. 

I would be free to fuck with whoever I wanted without fear of commitment.

But with Lia it was different. After seeing her, taking in her scent. All I wanted was to be with her.

To make her mine and make Luca burn with unending jealousy 

Tuah! Tuah!

Gunshots filled the air. Everyone scattered around as they ran for safety. Bodyguards protected their Alpha.

I searched around for Lia. She was not around. Lorenzo had already left my side to go and organize our men.

Luca's eyes went with mine. He mouthed "Have you seen Lia?"

I shook my head. He immediately drifted out of the hall even with the gunshot and for the first time, I thanked my stars that Lia had someone else who cared about her.

Lia POV.

Up until now. I thought only bad things happened to me. And to some extent,  I felt it was true.

Like I had a one-night stand and got pregnant. 

My mate rejected me.

I started falling for my husband's cousin.

Until the moon goddess decided not to remate me and Dean again.

I thanked the moon goddess within me. I did not want to go through the excruciating pain I went through the first time when he rejected me.

And I was sure that if we were related he would cheat on me again.

Immediately after the ceremony was over, I walked toward my room to change my clothes and put on something more Luna.

I knew that after a while, Dean would start greeting the other Alphas then I would slip to Luca's side to tease him.

I retouched my makeup, smeared my lips with red lip gloss, and sprayed perfume.

I made my way towards my corridor. I had to get to the corridor before seven o'clock.

Tuah!Tuah!

I heard a gunshot. It meant that we were being attacked. By who? I thought we were at peace with all the packs.

I immediately entered the next open room and hid.

I heard footsteps coming this way " Search the whole room we have to find their Luna" a lethal male voice ordered.

My heartbeat increased as beads of sweat gathered around my forehead.

They were looking for me. I moved towards the shelf to hide.

A flower vase fell and shattered on the ground.

Someone immediately entered the room, pointing a gun around.

I peeped through the books and saw him.

"Where are you? Come out!" He shouted.

I sighed, what a stupid twat. Who asks someone to come outside when they know that they can hide?

Little by little he made his way towards my direction. My heartbeat increased rapidly.

He came closer and soon he was in front of me. 

I stared in horror at the man standing in front of me. My heartbeat increased. 

We were wolves, guns could not kill us but they made us weak.

And I was sure they wanted to kill me after all they were looking for Luna.

And then, amid this confusion and tension. 

We stared at each other and chorused "Mate"

He stared at me in disbelief as he put his gun down. "Who are you?" He asked.

I swallowed hard, he did not think I was going to reveal my identity because I was his mate. Hell no!

He stepped towards me as my heartbeat increased, and heat oozed out from my body.

I was already reacting to the presence of my mate. He moved the strand of my hair behind my ear. He leaned towards me.

I closed my eyes as sensation flowed through me. I was already wet by the mere touch.

"Tell me who you are and I promise not to hurt you" he whispered against my ear. His hot breath fanned my face.

"I'm a.. I'm Luna" I whispered back.

He immediately drew back, his eyes wide with shock.

"How come you are my mate?" He asked with disbelief. "Are you not meant to be Dean's mate?" he asked.

"Dean rejected me once. We were not related" I said.

"Fuck!" He shouted as he punched the wall.

The door opened as someone entered"Finn have you found her!" he asked

In a split second, he hid me under the table.

"No," he answered.

"Fuck!" We searched for her everywhere, "the voice said.

" send the men back to the cars. Dean would soon retaliate" he ordered.

The other one left immediately after his order.

"Come outside" he ordered.

I came out of the table. He gazed at me. His eyes filled with desire.

He walked towards me and sniffed me in.

"I would come back for you," he said and left immediately.

I heaved a sigh of relief. "Now who was on earth is Finn and what park is he from"


###chapter 17

Lia POV

The room was silent, dead silent, gunshots continued outside until they died down, and all this time I stood by the back of the library shelf. My back was pressed against the shelf.

They came to get me, maybe use me as bait to make Dean do something for them since he was my mate. What they did not know was that Dean hated me.

He would see their attack as good riddance to bad rubbish but that was not my main problem.

The main issue for me was that I had a mate. A mate from an enemy pack. I did not know what position he obtained in the pack.

All I knew was that he saved me, he let me leave and he promised to get me. 

This meant that in no time, there might be a war between two packs just because of me. Not because Dean cared but because it would hurt his ego to let another take his Luna.

After all, he did not have a Luna.

The door clicked open, and someone entered inside. I peeped through the frame and it was Luca.

"Lia, are you here?" He whispered looking around still pointing his gun in every possible direction his gun could go.

"Luca!" I answered with a smile, my voice low. He turned around and caught sight of me. 

I expected him to walk towards me and ask me if I was okay. Instead, he walked back to lock the door.

Then he walked towards me quickly. He stood at my front staring at me. His eyes were darker than usual.

"Are you hurt?" he asked as his eyes moved around my body causing heat at every part he played his sinful eyes on.

I shook my head "I'm fine. They were not able to catch me" I lied easily.

If he learned about my mate's appearance he might not be pleased because he was from an enemy park.

"Are you sure?" He asked again, this time his hot palms cupped my cheek as he examined my face.

"Yes," I replied in a whisper.

"Who were the people who attacked us?" I asked in a whisper because he was too close to me. I could not think.

He drifted backwards as if he too noticed my reaction.

"They are from the Bloodhound Pack. They claimed our Alpha killed their luna a long time ago and they always make sure they kill every luna. They come across"

My heart sank into my chest as he explained their intention. It meant that sooner than later they would come for me and if they could, they would kill me.

My skin turned pale with fear, and I took in shaky breaths. What have I gotten myself into?

As if Luca noticed my worry, he took my palm into his own hands. "Lia, we will protect you. You will be fine. We would not let them attack you again. Thank God that Finn did not see you. We would have been  in trouble "

At the mention of Finn's name, I almost fainted. Like my knees got weak and I had to hold on to him for a while before I got stable.


"Lia, is something wrong?" Luca asked, his voice filled with concern. 

I shook my head "I'm fine. It seems as if I am still in shock" I replied.

He heaved a sigh of relief. "You can come and sit down," he said

"Are they gone?" I asked just to be sure.

"Yes, they left immediately they did not see you although they shot Dean, he will recover," he said with a smile.

"Who is Finn to the pack," I asked with a plain voice as I tried to hide my fear or the excitement that came with the memory of him.

"Oh, he is the Lycan's son," Luca answered, his eyes reduced to a split as he stared at me. "You seem so interested in him lia" he noted

"Oh. Nothing, because I heard someone call Finn when they passed through here" I replied as I tried to balance my voice.

"Thanks to the moon goddess that he did not see you. Come let's go" he said, leading the way.

As we walked towards our corridor, I  stopped on my track. My mind went to Dean and I could not help but wonder how he was.
"Let me see Dean," I said and made my way towards the stairs, Luca's hands gripped me.

"Why, I thought you said you did not care about him," he asked, his voice low with dark eyes.

I shrugged"He is my Alpha, and I am his Luna" I replied.

His grip tightened his grip around my hands as he drew me closer."For context he is not your Alpha. You have not yet found your mate" he warned his voice deep with unknown anger.

If only he knew I had found my mate or that Finn was my mate.

"Have you found yours?" I asked him. He furrowed his eyebrows "Your mate" I added

"Yeah but she died?" he answered with sad eyes

"I'm sorry what killed her," I asked.

He chuckled dryly as if he was unentertained "Your question should be who killed her"

"Who?"

He gave me a creepy smile"Dean. So I leaked his mother's whereabouts to Finn and he killed her"

My eyes widened in shock. No wonder the Alpha sent him away."So that was why you, the Alpha asked you to leave somewhere else?"

He nodded with pride"Yes"

Cold feet eloped me. What if he also wanted to kill me to avenge Dean? Maybe he thought we would be re-mated"Why are you telling me this?"

He shrugged"Because you should consider yourself lucky that you are not Dean's mate"

"Now go to your room" he ordered.

I nodded and quickened my steps towards my room. Everyone around this place was so weird and they had different goals.

I entered my room and locked the door, I switched on the light

Someone was on my bed, no not someone, Finn was on my bed, completely shirtless.

"Hello mate," he said with a creepy smile.

###chapter 18

Lia POV

My heart sank into my stomach at the sight of Finn in my room not just in my room, but on my bed, and not only was he in my bed he was shirtless. Displaying his godly abs.

"What are you doing here," I asked in a whisper. It was meant to come as a bold threatening voice.

He was our enemy, even though he was our mate. His father wanted my head.

Could it be that he came to take me secretly, lure me out of the palace maybe fuck me once or twice, and then kill me.

Different thoughts ran through my mind. The air in the room became so thick that I could not breathe, beads of sweat laced on my forehead.

He stood up from the bed and walked towards me. I bent my head in fear, and my hands trembled.

His two middle fingers found my chin as he lifted my head to him making me stare at him.

All the fear vanished, it was replaced by a burning sensation that crept on my skin as I looked at his dark blue eyes.

"Breath" he ordered slowly.

I inhaled and exhaled for a while trying my best to control whatever emotion that was flooding me. Whatever feeling made my nipples rise and my core wet.

When he noticed that I had managed to steady my breaths he took a step backwards.

"I'm not here to hurt you if that's what you are thinking." He said softly and walked towards my bed and a sardonic smile crept on his face.

He brought out his gun and placed it on the table.

It was loaded. I could tell from the way he placed it carefully, then he looked at me again.

Fear gushed within me, and my tongue turned dry. I had no weapons with me, not even a knife.

"Please don't kill me" I begged as my thoughts ran to my son. He can't be left alone in the world.

He took the gun and walked up to me. I sucked in my breath as I watched him raise the gun to caress my face. It stopped at my lips and for a moment, just one moment I was tempted to scream Luca's name but his recent behaviour made me stop.

"You are my mate, I would never let any harm come to you lia," he said and took my hand.

Still staring at me he placed the gun in my hands "It's the only weapon I have. It's in your hands. I can't hurt you" he said.

I swallowed whatever lump in my throat. He had made himself available at my mercy.

He was my second chance mate. I might not find another mate after him.

"Let's talk," he said and walked back to the bed, he sat down and placed his palm on the other side signaling me to sit beside him.

I walked up to him and sat beside him.

He cleared his throat and spoke. His deep, rich husky voice caressed my skin "Are you going to tell him or should I do the honors" he asked as his eyes bore holes into my skin.

I furrowed my eyebrows "Who are we talking about here?" I was confused.

He raised an eyebrow as he watched my face for some trace of mischief. I sincerely did not know who he was talking about.

"Dean. When are you going to tell him that I am your mate?" He asked calmly.

I turned my eyes away from his. Why has the moon goddess decided to be this wicked? How can she put me in this dilemma? I was Dean's Luna, Luca's friend, or whatever was going on between us and Finn's mate who was my enemy, and worst still I had a child for Dean.

His pack would not accept an illegitimate child, Dean did not remember that night or anything that happened between that night.

I cleared my throat "Your father wants me dead" I said as I tried to avoid the question.

"That was because he thought you were Dean's mate but since you are my mate. He would be happy. Besides, I have been dying to see my mate" he replied with a smile. I could tell that he was genuinely happy.

His smile watched away as it came "Are you in love?" He asked me.

"With whom?" I asked

"Dean. Is that why you are hesitating?"

I shook my head immediately "No!" I shouted as irritation crept on my face. That man had no feelings for anyone.

"We were mates but he rejected me" I noted.

He nodded with a smile "Good!. If not I would be forced to kill him" he added and stared at me before his eyes landed on my pink lip. His gaze darkened then he looked away.

"So when are you going to tell him? I need an exact time so that when I come to claim you. You will be ready" he said and smiled.

"A week or two," I said. I  needed to see Benedicta and Lexie and arrange things out.

He nodded with a smile and leaned towards me. 

I sucked my breath, and fire erupted around me as a sensual sensation washed through me.

His lips met mine, his lips soft and tender, I closed my eyes and opened my mouth to take in his warm scent.

The kiss was sweet, soft, and delicate. He broke it. We were breathing heavily. A smile placed on his lips.

Our eyes burned off desires "I will come back for you in two weeks" he said and put on his white shirt he dropped his gun on my table.

"Use it to protect yourself" he ordered. I nodded even though I did not know how to shake a gun. He pecked my forehead and left the way he came through the window.

I smiled as I watched him walk. For the first time in my whole life. I felt loved, I felt valued. Even after he left his eyes still bored into my skin.

A loud bang brought me from my thoughts. It was Luca's voice.

I rushed towards the door and opened it. "What happened?" I asked.

He ignored me and burst into my room searching around for someone"Dean's father was killed by Leo, Finn's beta. He had escaped but we think Finn might still be around?" he informed me.

###chapter 19


Dean's father was dead. He was killed by Leo, Finn's beta. The same Finn who was my mate. The same Finn who had been in my room and kissed me.

Here I thought he risked his life to see me. I suddenly felt dirty and used. He did not come here because he valued me. He came to my room to pass the time while his friend killed my Alpha.

He knew he would be safe with me after all I was his mate. No one would come here so he let himself play with my feelings.

I curled my palms into a fist as anger swept through me.

"Did you see him?" Luca asked me. His eyes were red with anger. Dean's father was the only one whom he had on his side.

Even though he committed such an atrocity he still welcomed him when he came back. Losing him must have been painful to him.

I shook my head "No. I don't even know who he is"

Luca sniffed around the room. I sucked in my breath. Hope he did not smell him. I would be dead. It would mean I harbored a killer in my room.

Luca's eyes reduced to a split, he glanced through me from my shoes to my top. He glanced around the room looking for some clue. He walked towards me steadily with baby steps.

"What do you know?" Luca asked as his rough palm caressed my neck. 

I took in a shaky breath, my palm became sweaty like a wet towel. I swallowed hard "What do.. Do you mean? If I knew somethingI would tell you" I stuttered looking at him.

He glared at me for a while before he stepped back. "Keep your door open. I will be back" he ordered and left.

I took in a shaky breath as he closed the door. I took my pillow but it smelt different. It smelt of Finn. I took out my perfume and sprayed it around my pillow before lying on it.

I closed my eyes as my mind went back to his full pink lip, his smell, the kiss. I moved my hands to feel my lips, and my thumb caressed his impact on it.

I suddenly drew my hands from what I was doing. Gosh! Why would I let such a memory get to me? 

Knock! Knock! Knock!
I stood up and went to open the door. Luca came inside. His shoulders tensed. His face carried a sardonic tone.

"What's wrong?" I asked immediately I closed the door behind me.

He kept quiet for a while and sat in my bed. Up until now, I had known Luca to always carry a blank face. His emotions were calculative but seeing him like this with his head bent. I knew that his uncle's death had pained him.

"Dean thinks I killed his father." He said in a low voice. He ran his hands across his head vigorously, when he raised his head his eyes were tear-stained.

"How could he think so low about me? I mean he is my uncle. He was the only one who loved me even though I was a rogue. My father hated me for being a rogue. How could he think that I wanted to kill him" he asked. His voice sounded broken.

I walked towards him and rubbed his shoulders. The fact that he came to me meant he valued me, he saw me in a higher way.


"you can explain yourself besides you said it was Leo. Right?"I asked.

He nodded. "They caught him. But he still thinks that I am responsible maybe I sneaked him in or something"

He sniffed in loudly with shaky breaths. His veiny hands trembled. He was in so much pain, seeing him like this made my heart ache.

"I mean he is my uncle. Why on earth would I want to hurt him? I don't hurt the people I love" he said and the last part felt as if it was directed at me.

I swallowed hard. He took in unsteady breath "He thinks I did it for you," he said.

I furrowed my eyebrows "What?" I asked.

He shook his head and nodded " He thinks we are fucking each other" he said.

My face grew pale. " why would he think about us like that " 

"Dean is very observant. He saw the way you hugged me. He said he sees the way we look at each other" he said.

I stared at him, he stared at me for a while. Our eyes moved to our lips, and we drew closer to each other"

The door burst open. Dean, Lorenzo, and Sasha came in all glaring at us.

Sasha pointed at me "I heard her talking to Finn"  she said.

I opened my mouth in shock. I stared at her. Luca burst into laughter.

"Is this a joke? What will Finn be doing with her?" he asked still laughing.

"I heard him talking to her," she said again.

"You are not even my mate. You are going to pay dearly" he said and ordered some men to take me.

In a split moment,, Luca had his dagger pressed against Sasha's neck. Her eyes shone with fear.

"Touch her and I promise to throw your fucking buddy into the den or give the pieces of her body to the dogs" he threatened. His voice was so lethal.

So Sasha was his mistress. No wonder I was not okay with being friends with her. 

Dean's jaw clenched. "Luca let her go"

"Let Lia go" he retorted.

"Or else what?" Dean asked him.

"Or else I am going to do to you what you did to me. Lia is not your mate so she is safe and I will keep her but I will make sure I kill your mate the instant you set your eyes on her" he warned.

They glared at each other for a while. Luca pressed the blade against her.

" let her go" Dean ordered.

###chapter 20
Dean POV

Immediately I found out that Lia was not my mate, and my heart sank into the depths of my stomach. I knew I was in an impending doom. It seems that the moon goddess has decided to punish me.

Truth be told, I wanted Lia to be my mate again. The concept of Luca or someone else having her did not just sit well with me but I said nothing or did nothing.

Now she was my Luna and my father was dead and she was not my mate neither was I her mate.

If I am being honest I knew that the Bloodhound Park was going to attack. I did not just know it would be on the day of our coronation.

They not only attacked us, they decided to kill my father when they did not see Lia.

My heart burned with raw anger for them. The fact that they had killed him on his bed was most insulting.

I sat beside my father staring at his dead ash body. I swallowed whatever lump was in my throat. Hate it or not he had been my father all the skills I had learned had been from him.

Now he is gone. Gone with his old croaky voice, his one-sided smile, his glare anytime we had a quarrel and most importantly he was done with his counsel.

I was clinging to his cold hands when Sasha knocked on the door. 

"Come in," I said as I cleared my throat and wiped whatever sad face I had. I put on a dark blank face meant for Alphas.

She came inside silently, her spicy scent filled the air. She wore a white sleeveless gown with brown scandal.

She had come here to seduce me but I needed to put boundaries. I now had a Luna and like it or not, I cared about her opinion. 

"Sasha, why are you not putting on your garment?" I asked her with a steel voice.

She smiled a sexual smile. "But I am putting on a garment" she answered as she drew her hands across her body.

I shook my head if it was another maid I would have had her head since but because I knew that Lia was not going to let me touch her at least not now I said" I am married Sasha I am not saying I am not going to visit you I am saying dress properly, you are going to be Lia's maid" I ordered

She scoffed "Oh please, you sit here and try to be faithful to a woman that had Finn in her room while Leo killed your father. Come-"

I turned to her, glaring at her "What?"

She smiled and sat beside me "You heard what I said. I came to give her food and heard Finn talking to her"

First of all, I took her hands from my chest and secondly, I made my way towards Lorenzo's room. What would Finn be doing with Lia?

Lorenzo received the news with his usual dry composure as he thought of what to do.

"She could be lying, you know. It might be that she just wants you to get to her bed, "he said after a long silence.

" I know, but why would she tag lia with Finn, she could have said they were with Luca" I reasoned. "I mean it does not make sense," I added.

Luca stared at the ceiling for a while thinking. Why would Finn be with Lia?

Lorenzo jumped as if he got the solution to the puzzle. He sat up and stared at me.

"Maybe Finn is her mate" he suggested

I searched his face for mischief but there was none, I chuckled "Is that the great idea you have?" I asked.

He nodded"Yes"

It took me everything within me not to call him a twat."Seriously, that's your great idea" I asked again.

He nodded and sat upright to explain his useless theory"Yes. Come to think of it Dean, there is no way Finn would have searched the entire mansion and not found Lia. She is not a warrior. She did not even know"

"Meaning?" I asked because I saw no sense in what he was talking about.

Lorenzo shook his head in disbelief, he opened his mouth and I was sure whatever was about to come out would be a curse, I glared at him and he shut his mouth.

"But seriously, it could be that he spared her life because she is his mate."

"And you think Finn would decide to leave his mate in his enemy's territory?"I asked 

"No but maybe he left her to get accompanied by the fact she is his mate and use her as a spy," he said. Everything began to make sense to me.

"That was why he killed my father because he could not kill her?"

He nodded. That meant he might still be with her in her room. 

"We have to arrest her," I said. I would not let her go scot-free and if we had his mate, Finn would surely come to look for her and we would make him pay for what he did

I burst into the room to see another annoying sight. Lia had her hands run resting on his shoulders.

I hissed with annoyance, Luca was a coward for falling for his mate while I had his mate locked somewhere.

How would his mate feel when she discovered that he was falling for his cousin's wife?

I needed to get her out of there before she caught me in her web because no matter how I did it I still felt a sickening feeling anytime I saw her with someone else.

I brought in Sasha to testify against her and told my men to arrest her. My thought was that Luca would not let her go freely. Maybe he would challenge me. What I did not know was that he was ready to kill Sasha for her.

I watched in awe as he pressed his knife to her neck and his eyes held raw anger. If I forced him he would kill Sasha and feel nothing.

No one knew he was a bloodthirsty wolf.

"Let her go" I ordered my men. They let Lia go and I turned to Luca with a smile.

"Has Lia told you that she knows her mate?" I asked with a crooked smile.

His face grew pale as he turned to Lia, in that swift instance I brought the white steak and daggered his chest with it.

He would remain there till I deemed it fit to let him go.

I turned to the already pale Lia with a smile "Now no one would come to your rescue" I said.

###chapter 21
Lia POV

I watched as Dean stabbed Luca with the white oak, being the Alpha he was the only one who could drag the oak away. It therefore means that Luca will not be away for now.

He looks at me with an evil grin "Now no one can rescue you" It seems as if he has evil plans against me.

What was he going to do?  Ask me if I was Finn's mate. Of course, I am going to deny it. I looked at Sasha who had a grin on her face.

My blood boils with anger, and I clench my fist to restrain myself from what I am going to do.

"Take her," he orders me. My eyes meet Lorenzo and his usual blank look. God help them if they do something stupid. I would tell them how I feel.

The guards grab my hands and take me out of the room. They throw me into a dark stinky room and chain my hands.

I immediately know that I am going to go through hell.  They did not bring me before the court which means they are not going to kill me.

I sit on the ground for a while, and my mind travels back to Merlin my child, he must have missed me. I can't imagine that I have not been in this palace for up to a month and I am already passing through hell.

The gate opened, and a familiar smell hit my nose. It's Dean. 

One of the guards turned on the light and brought a chair for him and his beta Lorenzo.

I glare at them, and they return it with blank faces. I wonder why he went in with the coronation after he knew I was not his mate. I just pray Merlin does not have his characters.

He clears his throat. A maid enters inside with a bowl of pepper, and a whip soaked into it. Fear grips me at the thought of what they are about to do to me.

Don't tell me they are going to use that whip on me. I close my eyes as tears fall. If Luca was here he would not let this happen. I am suddenly happy that Merlin was not brought to the palace.

I would keep his birth a secret till I die.

"Why the tears? Are you already imagining what we are going to do to you?  he asks with a grin.

I raise my face to look at him, my hands still chained to the wall.
"What do you want?" I ask him, my eyes bloodshot from tears and anger.

"I want to know why you decided to keep my father's killer within the pack?" He asks.

"I did not see Finn. I do not know Finn" I answer.

He signals to the guard. He takes the pepper-soaked whip and whips my back once. I close my eyes as my back explodes in pain. The pain is so raw, it gets into my brain.

"Well if you must know Finn is your mate. The one you let into your bedroom" he answers.

I wish I had told  Finn to take me with him, this nonsense would have not happened but then I would have not been able to see my son or tell Luca or Benedicta goodbye.

"The only person that came to my room was Luca"

Lorenzo chuckled "So you have finally accepted that you are offering your body to your husband's cousin"

Anger mixed with pain rushed within me.  He was always walking at the back of Dean like a slave.

I closed my eyes as I suck in all the pain "One, I  did not offer my body to Luca. He is my friend, it is not my fault that he has a heart that you don't have. And as for people who sleep around, why don't you ask your friend? Or-"

Before I complete the sentence a loud thud sounds across the room. Dean had just slapped me.  I taste metal on my lips.

No man has ever slapped me. In that instance,  I vow to never be quiet or succumb to their laws.

" The next time you call me a name like that I will give your body to the lions to feed on" he warns me.

I curse him under my breath, and another whip lands on my back this time it is twice.

Ah,h I scream in pain. One thing I know for sure is that I have a long way to go and it is not like they are going to release me anytime soon.

My body starts becoming weak as my wolf growls slowly.

"Is Finn your mate or not?" He asks me as he sits down back in his chair.

"Is the dog your mate or not?" I retorted back.

He furrowed his eyebrow as he narrowed his eyes ``Did you just ask me if I have a dog as a mate?" He asks as he lowers his height to mine.

I am weak,  really weak but I would not let him see my weakness. 

"I don't know because you rejected your first mate and the moon goddess has refused to remate you" 

He curls his hands into a fist and drives it into my face. I groan in pain. The worst thing is that I cannot do anything because I am chained,  not like I have the strength though.

"Do you know what your mate did? He killed my father. He killed the Alpha of your pack. I could banish you for harboring an enemy in your room" he asks, his voice cold like steel.

"Then banish me" 

He chuckled and shook his head. "That will be too easy. I will.make.you. pay"  he says pointing towards me.

He stands up and so does Lorenzo. "Give her twelve strokes," he says.

The guard nodes and bows his head as he leaves. They start whipping me with the pain gushing through me.

I kept on counting until it got to twelve. I writhe in pain, as fresh wounds open up and the pain worsens with the pepper.

They release my hands and legs. I am grateful that they would leave me alone to cry.

Then they lift me, taking me to where I do not know.


###chapter 22

Lia POV

"Where are you taking me to?" I asked as I tried to struggle from their grip. Their fingers dig into my skin the more.

I watch as they take me to the rooftop and make me kneel. One of the maids steps forward toward me.

"Forgive me, my Luna," she says as she begins to Zip my gown down.

"What are you doing?" I ask as fear creeps into me. Why am I on the rooftop, a possible place for conviction, why are they undressing me? Are they about to behead me?

But people who they have beheaded in the past wore their clothes. If I knew a way to stop them and remove the dagger from his heart, at least he would not wish for my death like this.

Luca could have protected me. I wish I had told him about my mate, he would have advised me. Told me to be careful and secure me. Then I would not be in this room with people who want to see me fall apart 

"The Alpha has asked that we strip you naked and give you punishment meant for treason" she informed me as she pulled off my clothes.

Treason! The punishment for treason is death. If they were not going to kill me they were going to give me punishment meant for death.

I kneel in front of them and two other guards completely naked. Tears rolled down my eyes. I have never been this humiliated.

To think that he allowed a common guard to look at Luna's body. It means he does not have any regard for me.

To make my pain worse the sun is at its highest temperature increasing the pepper pain.

She brings in the same bowl with pepper, wraps something in her hand, and begins to pour the pepper all over me from my neck downwards.

By this time I have no strength within me so I let them carry on with their work. 

Seconds turn into minutes and minutes into hours. The pepper had already dried on my skin and I think I have become numb to the pain. Is a surprise that I am still alive.

Suddenly the guard poured cold water. I mean ice chilling water on me. I groan in pain. My wolf has been silent throughout.

I close my eyes as I welcome myself to the familiar world called darkness. As I close my eyes I pray I die.

And intact I think I died.

I opened my eyes to a comforting darkness, scenes of what happened from Merlin's birth to my last moment played before me. I feel every pain,  every tear.

"Please stop" I beg whoever is playing it as the pain becomes deeper reaching my bane.

It stops for a while and a woman who has skin like milk appears before me. She is wearing a silk white gown that shines so bright.

Her necklace is made up of stars, and her white hair is so long that it flows down the ground. She has deep blue eyes and the moon is placed just above her crown. She smiles at me and bends to my height.

"My child" she calls out as she stretches her hands to me, I flinch and move backward. She smiles even more.

"I am not your child. A mother would not allow her child to suffer in the hands of other people." I retorted.

"I did not allow you to suffer," she said with a smile. A gesture that is becoming annoying.

"So what do you call what you did? Making me get pregnant for Dean then making him reject me and mate me to someone who does not care about me or make me have feelings for his cousin?  What do you call that!?''I ask.

"Destiny" she answers

I lower my eyebrow "What?" I ask

"Destiny,  my child's destiny. It was your destiny to meet Dean,  Finn, and Luca. And don't be deceived Luca cares about you" She answers.

I chuckle "You can't be serious". Her face remained the same way "Wait,  you are serious. You want me to die in Dean's hands. Anyway I am dead as you planned what do you do next"

"I will send you back. To live, to correct things. You will bring the end of Dean's rule"

"And who will take over"

"Whoever you decide"

"I don't want to go back. please" I beg. The torture I suffered in Dean's hands is enough.

"You have to go, my child. If you don't, many people will die,  Merlin will be killed and his blood will be on your hands" she says.

She points her hands toward the front and a picture of Merlin running towards the forest and someone pursuing him. He keeps on shouting my name, the person finally catches up with him and is about to slit his throat.

"No!" I shouted as I shut my eyes.

She stretches her hands toward me "Go and save your kind and your child" she orders. My eyes close again as I welcome myself to another long silence.

I open my eyes to find myself in a White painted room.  The smell of antiseptic hit my nose. I look around to see myself in a hospital. With the machine on. I have an oxygen mask around my nose.

"Oh, she's awake. She's alive" a middle-aged woman who I guess is a nurse shouts as she runs to meet the doctor.

The doctor rushed in a few minutes later with his stethoscope hanging around his neck. He checks my heartbeat with a smile.

"Welcome back Luna," he says.

I nod with a smile. He removed the mask from my nose and I heaved a sigh. Finally, I can breathe in fresh air.

"I am going to ask you a few questions before I let you go." he says and brings out his five fingers before me "How many is that?" He asks

"Five" I answer. He keeps on asking me the same questions as he reduces his hands.

"Okay good. You will take some rest. Tomorrow we will discharge you and take you back home".

I nod my head relieved that I am going to be away from Dean for a day.

The door bursts open with a bang as Dean walks inside with the doctor.


###chapter 23

" Discharge her. We have a ceremony today" he orders.

"your father just died and besides the doctor said I need bed rest. Right?" I ask the doctor. The last thing I want to do is to go to that hell hole.

"You can survive ma" he answers me as he removes my drip.

"you have been unconscious for three days' 'he informs me with a disgusted face. "Let's go," he says. I walk down slowly. When he discovers that I don't have enough strength he carries me over his shoulder as pain grips me again.


Immediately we get to the car he throws me into the seat and slams the door against me. My skin is still red from the pepper that was rubbed on me.

He enters the car through the other door and slams it against himself. 

I roll my eyes. Does he always have to be this grumpy? Maybe if he showed me a little mercy, I would not fulfill the moon goddess' wish but how did she expect me to end his reign?

"We are having my father's burial ceremony this evening. So get dressed. Put on something appropriate "he ordered me. His attention is on his iPad.

I nod my head in understanding when he says something appropriate it means something that will cover my body marks.

We soon reached the palace. Immediately the car stopped at the palace and my face turned white. My lips start trembling. I press it tight to keep it from trembling. The Alpha would not see me fall apart. Never!.

All the dreadful memories associated with this night rush back to my head. From the day I made my mistake by entering into the palace. To my rejection, every time I was humiliated and dejected.

I searched around for Luca. If they are going to bury his uncle he should have released him by now. Dean would surely know how dear his father was to him.

As if Dean read my mind he says"If you are looking for your lover, he is not here" Dean says with a mocking tone.

I glare at him. He smiles and looks forward "Glare at me all you want but he will remain there for a very long time. After all you don't even know where he is kept," he says with a smile.

I open my mouth to ask him why but instead "It's no use talking to you" I murmur enough for him to hear me and walk away. I can feel his glare at the back of my neck.

I walk into my room and slam the door against me. My nostrils flare with anger. I quickly take my bath and put on new clothes.

I close my eyes as I think of ways to escape from the palace to see my son without the guards following me. 

As I ponder on my way out, sleep eludes me. 

A knock on the door interrupted my sleep. I roll over to the other side of the bed and check the time. It is already five o'clock.

"Come in" I shouted as I sat upright.

Sasha enters with a smile, my face grows red with anger as I see her. What is she doing here? She dared to show herself after what she did to me.

"What are you doing here?" I asked her.

She smiled as she closed the door. "Oh my Luna I came to get you ready for the party" she answered in a mocking tone.

I stare at her face as I think about a thousand ways to kill her without anyone noticing. I still had the gun that Finn gave me under my pillow.

I could just bring it out and waste her disdainful life but that would make Dean punish me again. And I have to be around to be able to plan his downfall. However, I make it a note that as he is dying she will die with him and so will that twat called Lorenzo.

"Drop it so I can dress up by myself" I ordered.

She replied with a smile "Of course my Luna you can dress up by yourself. No one is going to dress you up but the king has particularly instructed me to make sure you dress up and put on the best makeup"

I hiss and stand up and I look at the mirror "Best makeup indeed. Why don't you just leave me and go and fuck him"

She smiled shyly, a blush appearing on her face "Oh, that is only done at night. But I am not sure you know after all he has never touched you" and paused for a while ".He is very good in bed" she added.

I smile "of course. I have been there before you came" I told her with a smile.

No one knows that I have slept with Dean or had a child for him except for Luca. And Luca has promised me his secrecy.

I sit down on the chair "Come and give me makeup meant for a Luna and not for a prostitute" I say and turn to her and watch as her face turns red.

A moment of silence exists between both of us for a while and I am grateful for that. Until she opens her mouth to talk.

"You know Luna. You should not be deceived by the title. You might be Luna but I hold his heart. Just imagine all the pain you passed through because I testified against you." She whispers into my ear.

Anger rushed through me but I replaced it with a smile. I stay silent and watch as she finishes my makeup with a triumphant smile.

She stands up and walks toward the door when I stop her "You should not be so assured about his intention. You are a whore to him. If you should learn something from me, you should learn that Dean does not care about anyone. Now get out "I ordered her.

Her face turns red as she opens her mouth to talk " I said get.out." she curls her hand into a fist and slams the door on me.


###chapter 24


Lia POV

I stand at the front of my dressing mirror to look at myself. I am putting on a purple flowing gown with white embroidery designs. My hair is packed into a bun. My gown has sleeves so it covers the mark and pain.

I smile at myself. That is how I am going to hide my pain until I find a way to get Luca out of wherever he has been placed and kill Dean. I can't imagine I am going to kill the father of my child.

To succeed, I need a loyal circle. I need someone out there among the maids and guards who hear the gossip of the people.

I need a loyal maid and since Sasha has decided to be against me. I decided tonight that it is either I give her out to an enemy or I kill her myself.

I open the door and walk outside towards the stairs. Two guards follow me to my back.

"My lady" Sasha bows as she joins them working beside me as a maid should do.

"Step back" I order as I continue walking fast.

"What?" She asks, her face laced with confusion.

"Walk behind me"

She smiles "I know we have our differences my lady, but maids are meant to work beside their Luna. And don't forget that we are meant to offer a good presentation. It is dean-

I grit my teeth in anger. Can someone's voice be this annoying?

"I don't care about what Dean or anyone thinks. Walk two steps behind me or I will give your body to the lions"

"Ohh, you can't do that," she says with a mocking smile.

I stop for a moment and everyone including her halts. I turn to look at her, with a glare "I am your Luna. I will forever be your  Luna and I will kill you if I want to. I am not the Lia you once knew" I warn her.

She swallows hard, and a glint of fear passes through her eyes. She bows her head "Yes my lady" she says.

"Good," I say and continue walking. By the time I get to the hall. Dean is already standing there waiting for me. I give him a smile In return he glares at me.

Of course, he is surprised that I am smiling. I don't know what came over me but all I know is that the sight of his bigheaded body gives me great joy.

He gives me his hands which I take with a smile and walk towards his seat.

"Don't tell me you are planning on doing something stupid,lia. If you do, I will have your head" he whispers to my ear as we take our site.

I smile at the crowd as I whisper back. " Get that idea out of your head. Having my head is not happening. Having my tears will neither happen"  I warn.

He scoffs and chuckles. He glared at me from the hollow of my shoes to my shining crown and looked away.

He looks at Lorenzo "You were late"

I shrug with a smile "I know. It was deliberate".

Truly I did not have any strength within me to watch as the Alpha was burned. I wanted the reception. The official announcement of me as Luna.

Damon, the head of the elder council, signals to both of us to go on our knees as he brings forward the crown.

"With the authority bestowed on me I crown you both Dean and Lia as the Alpha and Luna of the pack"  he announces as he places the crowns on our heads.

The crowd cheered on. Dean and I waved at them. I turn to look at Sasha with a smile.

Sooner than later all the Alphas and their Luna came to greet us. Finn and his people were absent.

One of the Luna walked up to me with a smile "May I have a word with you,  my lady" she asked.

I nod in approval and walk away. They guarded both of us till we got to the conference room.

"We need privacy," she says. They nod their heads and walk away.

Immediately they walked away, the woman turned to me and said."In all, you do. Do not shout" she ordered. I am about to ask her what she was talking about when her skin starts shedding off.

What the f**k!  I exclaim as I stare at Sabrina. I knew witches had power but not this amount of power.

"What would you do if you got caught?" I ask her.

A smile creeps into her face. "They will never catch me,lia," she says. The smile quickly disappears and is replaced with a frown.

"Where is Luca?" she asks as she walks towards me.

"I don't know," I answered sincerely. The fact that she is glaring at me makes fear rush within me.

"What do you mean you don't know?" She asks me.

"Dean stabbed him with the white oak because he tried to save me. I was locked up afterward. I don't know where he is''

"He was stabbed. You were locked up? By who?" She asks

"Dean," I answered.

Anger flashes through her eyes as she searches around me. "Do you have any marks?" She asks me.

Marks?How about I tell her that my skin is red from the pepper that was poured on my skin?

Without waiting for my reply. She locks the door and zips my gown. She gasped at the marks on my back that I suffered from the whip.

"He did this to you?" She asks in a shaky voice.

"Yes, but I am fine," I assure her. I need to ask her to help me remove the oak from Luca.

"I need your help. I need to remove the oak from him," I said.

"Was he around for the Alpha burial?"

"No?"

She heaved a sigh "What happened?" She asks. I begin to narrate everything to her, skipping the part of Finn being my mate.

"Damn it!" She shouts as she curls her palm into a fist. "I told him to be careful!" She shouts.

After a long time of silence, she says "I will get it out of him and place it on your bed. You will now hold the white oak. I will also take him out of there so that he can recover quickly"  she informs me.

"Okay. What should I do?" I ask.

"Distract Dean. That's all" she says with a smile.

A bang is heard on the door. "My lady, the woman, is an impostor!" "Are you okay?!" They shout banging at the door.

###chapter 25

Fear grips me. I stare at Sabrina and then at the door. I don't want her to get caught.

"Go. I will find my way out" she says.  the door banged again and it opened. Dean barges in with his men. I stare at him with bulging eyes.

"Where is she?  "he asks me.

I looked at my back and Sabrina was gone. I heaved a sigh.

Dean's rough hand grabs my shoulder as he turns me around "Where is the lady you were talking to?" He asks glaring at me.

I square my shoulders and swallow hard "I don't know. Let go of my hands!" I shout at him.

He glared at me for a while, his alcoholic breath fanning my face, I cringed in disgust. He let go of me at once pushing me into the air. I stagger and try to get my balance for a while.

"Look for her!  "he orders the guard to look for her.

I rearrange my dress and storm out of the hall making my way towards the hall. I sit on my seat and watch as the dancers skillfully dance.

Dean barges in later with his guards "You are associating with a sorcerer!" He shouts as he advances towards me. Everyone turned to us.

I close my eyes for a while using my hands to massage my forehead. I am sure I will have a headache at the end of the ceremony.

"No. I did not!"

"Oh yes, you did. The woman was nowhere to be found and you waited for us to break into the room! You have arranged your meeting!" He shouted. The crowd gasped in surprise.

I knew what he was trying to do. Getting the crowd to hate me just like he does.

"I did not. I did not know who she was"

"Of course you did!" He shouts

I scoff and stand up "How am I supposed to arrange a meeting with a sorcerer when you had me locked up all this while?" His jaw tightened.

"Don't bring this into this issue"  he growls at me.

I nodded back "Oh yes, I will. Since you think everyone is trying to be as evil as you are."

"I am not evil. You know witches are not  allowed here"

"Locking someone up,  beating a woman up, pouring pepper on her and almost killing her is called what? You did this to me and I did not say anything yet you stand here trying to educate me about what is right or wrong! You are all covered up with evil. You don't know good!"I shouted back.

He glares at me as I take in shaky breaths. Lorenzo clears his throat and we face the crowd.

"Let the party begin!" Lorenzo shouts. The crowd kept quiet for a while looking at the both of us. 

Gradually they turn back to their usual business. I am sure the women must be murmuring among themselves. 

I square up my shoulder and sit on my throne. The other co-alphas come forward with their gift.

A fellow Luna walked up to me with a basket of fruit and other things. "They are for you," she says and puts them down.

I nod with a smile. "That's so thoughtful of you,"I reply with a smile touched by her kindness.

She smiles back. "I must reward you back," I say. She furrowed her eyebrow to look at me

"What do you mean? "she asked me. I smiled at her. 

"Just wait" I replied "Sasha!" I called out.

Sasha rushed towards me acting all naive and submissive. I place my hands on her shoulders "Take her as my gift to you. Help me watch her. She is my maid but she lied to me. I want you to keep her as a slave to do anything. Just make sure you keep her out of the royalty's bed for she is a slut!"I say with the last part with much anger.

Something shines within Luna's eyes and I am afraid that she would refuse me. Then Sasha would mock me. She smiles at me "Very well then" she nods with understanding

"No! You can't do that!" She shouts, drawing everyone's attention including her lover, Dean.

Just as I planned Dean excuses himself from the men he is talking to and walks towards me with a confident aura. 

"What are you doing?" he asks.

"She is-

I raised my hands in the air and shut her up " I am giving out Sasha as a gift to my fellow Luna" I replied with a smile well aware of everybody's eyes.

He furrowed his eyebrows at me "What? Who gave you the right?" He asks, looking at Sasha whose eyes are already filled with tears.

"Oh! Don't you remember? You said I could punish her any way I want for lying against me and making you treat me badly"  I replied with a low pitiful voice.

He stared at me as confusion masked his face. I am sure he is trying to unveil what I am planning.

I have put him at a crossroads. He can't say no. It would make him look bad before his people.

"Lia" he calls out in a low angry voice. I smile and turn to him and hug him. I whisper against his ears "Try to do anything stupid and I will tell the people what you and her have been doing and how you treated me badly" he tries to free himself from my grip but I tighten myself around him.

"That's not all, my oh my. I will make your people turn against you if you try to ruin my day"

He is silent for a while before he grabs my hair. "I will make you pay for this" he whispers back with a voice.

"Be my guest" I replied and stepped back.

He clears his throat "Take her with you" he says addressing Luna.

Sasha's eyes widened in shock. I smiled at her as I turned to hug her one last time. I whisper into her ear "See you when I see you"

I give a plastered bitter smile at her. The Luna nods and leaves with Sasha

A bold smile creeps on my face with pride. My eyes gaze round the hall and land on a familiar face with a smirk.

Finn

###chapter 26


Lia POV

What the hell is he doing here? How the hell did he get in here without their notice? I thought I told him to give me two weeks. I turn around to see Dean glaring at me. I return it with a smile. I look towards Dean's direction but he is nowhere to be found.

I search around the crowd with my eyes, he is not there. Was I hallucinating?

Goosebumps creep into my skin at the thought of our last encounter. How deep his voice was, how soft his hands were, or how clean his chest was.

I shake my head and steady myself. I can't think of a Finn at this moment although he is my mate.

Sooner than later they start playing classical songs in the background. I have always hated classical songs,  they seemed too boring, and too slow for me and they came with a little melodrama between couples.

For those who were in love, they would spend time professing feelings to one another for couples like me and Dean who would rather die than stay in the same room.  It was torture,  cruel torture.

But we had to do it. If we did not our people would not be pleased. I was sure he was going to promise me hell for sending his concubine away but it was high time he knew that if he did not allow me to have my peace I would seize his own.

Dean offers me his hands and I take it as we make our way to the centre of the hall prepared for us.

Immediately we take our bow, we start dancing. He wraps his arms around my waist drawing me closer to his chest. 

"What do you think you are doing?" He asks as he leans forward into my ear and whispers.

I lower my eyebrows feigning ignorance. "What do you mean my Lord? '' I ask.

He hiss "Don't play dumb with me Lia" he says as he turns me around.

"Maybe if you tried to explain more I would understand what you are talking about" I replied to him with a smile.

His jaw tightened, and he squeezed my waist maybe to cause me pain which was not going to work.

"What you did do out there with Sasha"

"Oh!" I reply with a smile as if I am just remembering what I did. "I gifted the widowed Luna a gift" I reply 

"And it had to be Sasha, hun?"  he asks.

"It could be anybody"  I reply and add with a mocking voice. "But I have zero tolerance for prostitutes so I decided to give her out"

He grits his teeth. I can tell I am successfully getting on his nerves. Something I am doing with joy.

"You may think sending Sasha away will make me look at you but just know that you are highly mistaken. I would never be drawn to someone like you" he says.

His words pierce me a little, just a little. "We are on the same spot, Alpha. I too would never be drawn to someone like you but I am your Luna. Like it or not you have obligations to me" and added "I would rather die than lay in bed with you" I reply.

The door to the hall opens at once revealing an angry Luca. Our eyes meet for a while and I smile, and he nods.

"Dean!" He shouted his voice echoing round the hall.

Dean halted and looked at me "What have you done*he ask in a whisper

" What do you mean.?"

"How did he get up?" He asks with a lethal voice and a glaring eye.

I shrug with a smile " I don't know " I reply to him.

Luca walks towards him, and the guard rushes towards him pointing all sorts of weapons at him.

He glares at all of them and at Dean "Tell them to leave my way or"

"Or what?" Dean asks as he strolls toward him. "What will you do? Kill them? But you can't because you are a rogue? And even if you were a wolf, you had too much injury to fight"

Luca starts laughing, and to everyone's surprise, he looks at Dean and keeps on laughing for a long time. The guards lower their guns and stare at him.

In a split second, he shot one of them. Press one against his chest with a knife pressed to his neck. The people around gasp.

Sooner than later they start leaving the hall one after the other, slowly. 

"Do anything stupid and I will cut his head off" he warns breathing heavily.

"Luca don't you dear!" Dean warns. They glare at each other for a while and Dean signals his men to drop their weapon.

They drop their arms waiting for him. Surprisingly he slit the head of the man and watched as the skull fell on the floor. 

Blood fills his white shirt and the rug. Everyone immediately leaves. Left with only us and Lorenzo.

"That is for daring to use your weaklings to threaten me, " he says with a smile.

Dean clenches his fist "What do you want" he asks.

"Nothing,"  he says and turns to me "Follow me" I nod and walk towards him but Dean stops me.

"She is my Luna. Not yours"

Luca's muscles tighten "We both know that that is a lie. Let her go or I will do something terrible" he warns.
Dean let go of my hand, I smiled inwardly as I walked towards Luca.

I immediately promised myself to give myself out to someone this evening.

###chapter 27


Lia pov.

Benedicta told me that the only person Dean feared was Luca. I thought it was a lie, a monster cannot be afraid of anyone until I saw the fear in Dean's eyes today when he threatened to do something stupid.

I saw the fear in Dean's eyes. Even the monster can be afraid of his creator. I gave one last glance at Dean whose face was laced with fear before I took Luca's hands.

Still, the men decide to be foolish. As we approach the door they stop us in the hallway. Luca gives them one last glare.

"Get out of my way before I send your skin to your beloved families" one of them trembles as he drops the sword,  the other still pointing their gun towards us. And steadily they increase in numbers forming a circle around us.

"What is the meaning of this?" He asks them.

One of them clears their throat "Alpha Dean has announced that anyone who can kill you will get a higher promotion. He will be the second beta"

I roll my eyes. Dean has always been a cunning man but how he was able to make his people cowards too was an unknown myth to me.

There was no position as "Second Beta" dumbass.

"And you think you can kill me?" He asks with a surprised voice. His muscles tighten. I can't tell if he is scared or surprised that his cousin wants him dead.

One of them bursts into laughter, and the rest join him although some of them focus on him with prying eyes." of course, you are the rogue" he says amidst their laughter

Luca turned to me. I gasp at the color of his eyes "Go" he orders.

I open my mouth to say something but the way he looks at me makes me leave the place.

Only that I don't entirely leave, I just hide in a safe place.

They rush towards him with their swords and guns. He takes out his gun and starts shooting back but before you know his bullet is finished.

I resist the urge to run to him and save him,  he is becoming weaker. I wonder why Dean would ask for his death.

What did he do this time?

I watch with gripping pain in my heart as he gets weaker. He stops fighting. Dean, together with Lorenzo, strolls towards him. His body is covered with blood and cuts.

He raises his head to look at Dean "Why brother?" He asks with a croaky voice 

Dean raises an eyebrow, his side lips lift to a side, and he turns to Lorenzo who is standing at his back"He just called me brother" his tone is filled with mockery and anger.

He points towards him, his tone  with mockery"This twat just called me brother?"

He squats to Luca's level "You were never my brother and your privilege as a royalty died with my father's reign. I am the Alpha. I dictate how things happen in my reign "
He says.

Luca bursts into laughter, and everyone goes silent. His laughter echoed around the room. 
What is also strange is that his laughter is filled with life. Is he not meant to be weak?

Dean together with Lorenzo stares at him as he stands up still laughing, his teeth covered with blood.

"Just tell me you are jealous of me. You are not happy that you are never going to be me. Or admit that you get jealous seeing me with your Luna"

What? What the hell is he saying? Oh,  he does not know what Dean did to me when he was awake. If he did he would not be here?

Dean breaks into laughter, an unhinged one. "You think I want Lia. Seriously? Do you think I would look after a girl like her? I want you dead because you want me dead not because of some infatuation you have with Lia. She is my Luna and will continue to be one."

" No, you are just angry because she is the only one who has refused to bow down to you"

Dean scoffs as he folds his arm "Did she tell you that? Because if I can recall I almost made her die because she dared to defy me and bring Finn, her mate, into our home which killed our father!" He shouted.

In a split moment Luca rushes to him pulling him by his collar "You did what?" He asks.

"You heard me. I made her skin bleed!" He said, staring at Luca.

Within a moment Luca drags out the white oak from under his shirt, Lorenzo rushes to meet him but he is too late, he has already stabbed Dean. He watches as Dean turns white and falls to the ground.

Lorenzo rushes to him with range, he drives a blow into Luca's chest but he seems unaffected. He continues raining blows on him until Luca grabs his hand stopping him.

"Dean will only rise if he wants to and contrary to mine he does not have any supernatural to help him" he blurts out.

Lorenzo glared at him one last time,  panting heavily "I will deal with you!" He shouts as he storms away.

Luca turns to the men who bow immediately to him and an evil smile creeps into his face. He pulls out his blood-soaked shirt, gives it to one of them, and walks away in my direction.

I hide behind the pillars. For some reason, I am scared of Luca right now. I have never seen him this ruthless.

He walked past me, and I heaved a sigh. 

"Tell Lia to see me now!" he shouts. He is not heading to his room. He is heading to Dean's room.

For the time being Lorenzo is going to be in charge. This will give a glimpse of his rule. I walk towards my room and change my clothes.

My new maid knocks on my door.

"Alpha Luca wants to see you," she informs me.

I give her a light nod and make my way towards Dean's room. This is the first time I will be seeing him.

###chapter 28


Immediately I get to Luca's chamber, I knock on the door for a while. He opens it and steps aside for me to enter.

My eyes widen as it scans through the room. The room is so huge and beautiful. What the hell does a man do with so much space?

My eyes moved from his big spacious bed covered with expensive beddings to the sandstone table decorated with glass by the side. Different oil paintings hang on the wall by the side of a walk-in closet.

Finally, my eyes land on Luca who is standing by the large glass window. He is shirtless, he is holding a glass of wine with his left hand and his right hand is tucked into the pocket of his grey sweat pants revealing his masculine physique.

"Shut the door" he orders. His voice is cold and lacks emotion.

I shut the door behind me and stand at a far distance. A heavy awkward uncomfortable silence exists between us. Tension fills the air.

We stay in that position for about three whole minutes. I am tempted to ask him why he called me but with how tense his shoulders are I decide to shut up.

Finally, he decides to break the silence "Is it true?"

I swallowed whatever fear that gripped me. "He would not hurt me" I keep on chanting in my mind. He killed me,  but then again, I lied to him.

"What are you talking about?" I ask in a low voice.

In a split second the glass he is holding hits the wall. "Don't you dare pretend to me or feign ignorance? Is it true?" He asks as he approaches me,  both hands tucked into his pocket.

"Yes," I answered. Of course, I know he is asking me about Finn.

He halts for a while, a few steps away from me. His eyes darken in anger and so does his voice "Look at me Lia" he orders. Even though he is angry,  I can't help but feel the softness with which he used to call my name.

I raise my head to look at him. I tighten my grip around my clothes as I keep on chanting in my mind "he won't hurt me"

"Yes," I reply in a whisper.

His jaw tightened, "why did you not tell me?"  he asked.

I swallowed hard as beads of sweat covered my forehead "There was no time?" I answer.

He gives a sardonic laugh "No time?"

I nod "Yes"

"When I met you in the room there was no time? When we were walking to the room, no time? When I came to your fucking bedroom, there was still no time?" He asks.

What am I meant to say? How do I explain it to him without him feeling angry? I didn't even know who he was when I felt the mate bond. Even when we discussed our way to our room it was an uncomfortable one. He had just informed me that he killed Dean's mother. Should I have told him at that time? Hell no.

Or when he came to my room? There was no time.

"Answer me!" He shouts at the top of his voice. I flinch in surprise.

"I wanted to tell you. I did not just know how to put it." I reply with a shaky voice. My eyes are already filled with tears.

"Suck in those tears. I don't want to see it roll" he warns.

I take in a shaky breath. What have I gotten myself into?

"Did you have him in your room the day our Alpha died?" He asked.

"I came to my room and met him. He-"

"Damit!" He curses under his breath.

"I fucking came to you to complain about the same situation"

"Let me explain" I plead, allowing the tears to finally flow.

"I said wipe those tears of yours!" He ordered.

I use the back of my hand to wipe them off as I start to explain "I did not know about his motive. I was hiding when he saw me and our bond connected. He said he would come back for me. After our discussion, I opened my door only to see him there. He said he came to check up on me. I swear I did not know his motive" I explained with a shaky voice.

"You are sure?"

"I will never lie to you"  I assure him even though I had lied to him.

He scoffs" You have lied to me lia. But let's walk on that?"  he said.

I heaved a sigh of relief. He strolled toward me slowly. "What did you tell him"

I swallow hard. I can't tell him that Finn almost kissed me. He will be mad at me. So I decided to lie. I don't see the reason why the moon goddess would decide to trap me between two men.

"He said he would come and get me. I told him okay" I responded.

His rough hands circle my neck.  as he leans forward. His musky scent hit my nostrils. He lifts my chin, making me stare at him.

"You are my lia and no one can change that" he growls into my ear.

Shivers run down my spine. He brings his face from my ear back to my face. He stares at me for a while and his eyes move to my lips as his face darkens.

His lips land on mine, I stay mobile for a while as my brain tries to process what just happened. He keeps on kissing me as his tongue begs for access. I open my mouth, and his hot breath mixes with mine.

My arms willingly wrap around his neck as I deepen the kiss. A moan escapes me. He pulls from me panting as we both gasp for air. 

I expect him to continue but he steps away. I furrow my eyebrow "Get out.!" He orders.

"What?" I ask with disbelief. What did I do now?

"I. said.get.out" he shouts.

"You can't just kiss me and ask me to leave. That's not how things are done." I retorted.

He takes a deep breath as he glares at me. "I said get out," he orders.

I take in soft breaths and leave the room.

###chapter 29
Luca's POV.

I knew I was done immediately. I set my eyes on Lia in the bar where she worked. She didn't know I existed back then. Nobody knew I was around, not even my uncle.

After being sent away for five years I had managed to come back with my full power. To everybody, I was a rogue because when everyone was getting their wolf I was still weak. Like really weak, but with the help of Sabrina I was able to awaken my wolf. Turns out that I am a hybrid. 

My mother left me immediately after she gave birth to me because somebody had already found out that she was a vampire. She and my dad did not want another person to discover my secret.

I got to know about this through Sabrina. Then I discovered that Jenny was my mate. She loved me regardless of who I was or my kind. She was the only one who took me for who I was. Then I woke up one morning to discover that she had been killed by one of our bodyguards. When I asked whose orders he said it was Dean
 

Gosh!  I  wanted to murder him right there but I could not. He was the crown prince and my uncle would not allow me. So when I heard that the bloodlust park had a rivalry with us, I helped them kill his mother.

Call me fucking wicked but I wanted vengeance. Ever since then my life has been a mess especially when I was sent out of the park. I just wandered around till I met Sabrina who helped me.

When I came back I promised myself to end Dean's miserable life then I found out about Lia and Merlin who was his son.

The obsession to have her crept slowly into my skin and I made up my mind that I was going to have her irrespective of who she was. Be it Dean's Luna or Finn's mate,  they could all go to hell.

And if I am being serious I would have fucked her right this instant or called her back to me as I watched her go away but I did not. I had things to attend to. I needed to make sure that Dean remained where he was and most importantly I needed to visit Sabrina or instead send for her.

And so I did.

Lia POV

I curl my hands into a fist as I storm out of his room. I have never been this humiliated. What the hell was his problem? I ask as I bang the door behind me.

I pace around the room wondering what I did round.

My phone rings. I look at the caller ID. It's Lexie. My heart skips a bit as I pick up the call and hope everything is alright.

I pick up the call "Hello Lexie"

The phone is silent for a while before she picks up. "How are you lia?" She asks me if her voice sounds low or maybe it's the fear in me.

"Am fine. How is Merlin? Is he fine?" I ask her.

"Yes. But he has a little headache. When will you be coming to see him? He has been asking after you"

My heart dropped at the thought of him asking for him. My mother was not present with me when I was growing up because she was dead but I am alive. My son's health is meant to come before anything.

"I can come and see him today, or now. If he is awake" I reply to her without thinking. All that matters is that my son needs me. 

"Are you sure?" She asks me her voice laced with doubt.

"Yes."

"Okay. He will be waiting" she says and hangs up the phone.

I take my bath as I try to wash Luca's hands or scent from me. I put on my clothes, do a little makeup, and close the door behind me.

As I pass through the gates I am tempted to tell Luca that I am going to see Merlin but after what happened today. I refuse. After all, he does not care about me. What good will it do if I tell him?

I make my way toward the car I was gifted at my remating ceremony with Dean. The palace guard don't even bother stopping me, instead, they bow their heads and leave.

Within thirty minutes I arrive at Lexie's house. I knock for a while before Lexie opens the door.

"Mummy!" Merlin shouts as he runs to hug me. I squat to his night and engulf him in a tight hug rubbing his hair.

"I missed you," he said in a low voice as he clung to me tighter.

"I missed you too" I whispered back to him. We stayed in that position for a while.

I spend a lot of time with Lexie and Merlin. Merlin soon fell asleep leaving me and Lexie to talk.

After a while, I bade her goodbye, kissed Merlin on the forehead, and got into my car.

Immediately I entered the car, my muscles stiffened. I felt something was wrong. The car smelt different.

A large masculine hand covered my mouth with a handkerchief. I fought hard to remove it but to no avail. Slowly my eyelid became heavy and I closed my eyes. Welcoming myself to darkness once more.

###chapter 30
Lia POV

Consciousness slips into me slowly. I open my eyes to meet myself in a pitch-dark room. I try to move but my hands are tied to my back together with my legs. I try to move the rope but it is tightly tied. To make things worse my mouth is tied too. Therefore I can speak.

I lay on the cold tiled floor for a while. Who could have decided to kidnap me? The only enemy I had was Sasha and I made sure I let go of her a long time ago.

The door creaked open. Two huge masked men enter inside and turn on the light. The brightness of the light hit my eyes as I shut it.

"She's awake," one of the men said.  The other white-haired one nodded. He narrowed his eyes to look at me. His eyes travelled from my legs and stopped at my laps which were exposed because of the way I was positioned. He licked his lips. His eyes finally left there and moved to the top.

The other one hit him lightly, bringing him back from whatever previous thought going on in his mind.

"What do we do?" He asked.

The white-haired one looked at me and then at him then back to me. A smile crept on his lips.

"Boss said we should wait," he said and looked at me again "But I think that we torture her. Boss might add to our pay," he said, licking his lips.

Fear crept into me. My body became cold. Don't tell me that I am about to be raped. 

"Mmm," I said as I tried to make them untie me. I struggled on the floor trying to loosen the rope that was around my waist.

The white-haired one moved to me with an eerie smile and squatted before me. He raised his hands to my face and I drifted backwards. His hands stopped in the air "I don't like stressing myself, Lia" he warned saying my name with anger.

I stayed still, my heartbeat fastened as his warm hands caressed my cold cheek. "Do you want to talk?" He asked me. His eyes dropped down to my mouth.

I nodded quickly. Maybe if I could tell them that I was the Luna they would release me.
"What would it benefit us if we release you? Don't you know that your gender has a specialty in nagging and talking?" he asked.

I shook my head. His eyes bore into mine instilling fear. What if they end up killing me?

He moved to my back and untied my mouth. I gasp in relief. He stood up and threw the bind to me.

"Please release me. I will pay you. I am Luna of Attic Pack. We have money to give you" I pleaded, my voice breaking at the end as I choked on my tears.

The white-haired one gave the other one a signal. He nodded and left while the white-haired one fixed his eyes on me. He came back minutes later with a can of water.

My throat watered at the sight. I was thirsty and tired. As if he sensed my thirst he asked "Do you want water?"

I nodded my head. He opened the can and bent before me. Fear gripped me. What if the water was poisoned? But I am thirsty and I might even die at the end. It would be a shame to die thirsty.

I opened my mouth for him to pour in the content. He smiled, and immediately the liquid touched my mouth and I spat it out on his face. 

It was not water. It was vinegar and it was excessively bitter. I glared at him. "What was that for?" I asked.

I mean how would you not be able to give someone a little amount of water? He stood up and answered me "That's for thinking you would be able to buy us with your position and loyalty"

"Boss is here" the other one announced. The white-haired one nodded and brought a chair for him and placed it in front of me.

I swallowed hard. Waiting to see my enemy. He walked inside a few minutes later. He was wearing grey sweatpants and a white hoodie with a black face mask. 

He looked familiar. The eyes, the face, the scent, even the godforsaken aura. He sat on the chair provided for him as he removed his hoodie and face mask.

Adrenaline rushed within me at the person who had kidnapped me. Blonde hair,  sleepy eyes, and dull green eyes. Lorenzo.

"Lorenzo?"I asked. Anger gushed through me. What the hell? What was this for?

"Lia," he replied. His voice is low and smooth. I had always taken him for a fool until this moment.

"What is this about?" I asked my voice sharp to the edge as I glared at me.

A smile tugged at the side of his lips "Believe me, it's nothing personal. I just want to convince your lover to release my best friend" he explained.

An 'o 'left my mouth. So this was meant to make Luca remove the white oak from Dean. Well, unfortunately for him Luca is not interested in me. Because he asked me to leave his room

I hissed "is a wasteful effort. Luca does not care about anyone but himself" I said.

He sat upright. "You and I know that is a lie," he said as he brought out his phone and took photos of me.

I furrowed my eyebrows "What do you think you are doing?" I asked

"Sending your photo to your lover" he replies to me with a smile.

"We got your girl" he read as he typed.

"This is not going to make Luca remove the dagger from Dean," I said.

"Well, I will say you pray he removes it. The more my best friend remains there. The more I will torture you" he warned.

He stood up and tucked his phone into his pocket and strolled towards the door. He stooped and looked at them as they bowed their heads.

"Once you receive my call, start the torturing. Introduce her to the real meaning of pain" he said and left.

###chapter 31
Luca POV

I sigh heavily as my heartbeat increases. Lia's face and laughter fill my head. I drive my punching gloves into the bag. I have been boxing for over an hour now. 

I am seriously meant to be exhausted but I am not. I increase my pace, punching and punching trying to drive every anger and feeling into the bag.

An effort that fails miserably.

I should never have started anything with Lia. I should have stayed clear from her and her son. 

Fuck! I shouted as I drove my hand into the punching bag. To think that she has been occupying my mind for the past few hours.

A knock on the door stops me from my boxing session. 

"Come in"  I ordered. The door opens slightly revealing a bodyguard. He bows his head 
"Sabrina is around" he informs me. I nod my head slightly. He walks away after bowing to me.

I heaved a sigh of relief. I walk towards my chambers and change my clothes to the royal Alpha clothes with a smile on my face.

I make my way towards the sitting room. Sabrina smiles immediately when she sees me in the royal robe.

" Royalty suits you," she says with a smile as she bows her head. I know she does not mean it. Sabrina has never bowed to anyone, even my father.

We move towards our respective chairs and sit. A maid comes in later to serve her drinks and food. She thanks her and starts eating.

"So how fun is it being a leader?" She asks me about her eating.

I smile evenly tapping my hands on the throne arm. I gulp down my breath to stay quiet. I have to keep putting her in a good mood before I bring forth my intentions.

"It's fine. Everyone seems to be complying although I have not made an official announcement" I say.

She scoffs and rests her back on the chair "It's a lie. The news is everywhere" I ask.

I furrow my eyebrows "How?". I mean It has not been long since I took over.

Her smile grows wilder"Never underestimate the power of gossip" she says.

She clears her throat "When are you going to ask my kind to return to their land"

"As soon as I get crowned. After all, you are the one who put me in this position" I replied with a smile.

She nods her head with a smile. Her blue eyes shine wilder "good"

I take in a shaky breath. Is time to make my request. "I kissed Lia"

She pauses to look at me. Her eyes widened with shock. She drops her glass of juice on the table.

"Are you serious?" She asks. Her voice was on the edge.

"Yes," I reply, waiting for her to lash out. Falling for Lia has never been the plan.

She takes a deep breath and plasters a smile although her blue eyes darken. " That was never the plan, Luca"

I sigh heavily as I rub my forehead. "I know but I could not help it."I pause for a while to see her reaction. "I want her out of our plan"

She raises her eyebrow"Only her?" She asks.

"Her and her son, of course," I add.

Sabrina was the one who told me about Merlin and Lia. She was meant to use her as a medium to get to Dean and kill all of them thereby making me the Alpha.

I would in turn become the next Alpha and bring the witches. Then I set my eyes on Lia's milky skin and blue enchanting eyes. I just made up my mind to have her.

"No Luca. This was not the plan" she replied quietly with a low voice.

"I -" I began

"End it" she replied with a voice of reproach. Her voice was at the edge.

I closed my eyes. Gosh! Witches were a pain in the ass. Although she was the one who saved me from being kept in the room with Dean.

"I am saying we can handle them without ending Lia and Merlin. I can't hurt her, Sabrina" I explained.

Her eyes reduce to a split then her eyes widen "Oh my god. You have fallen for her" she says more of a statement than a question.

I shrug."I won't say fallen". My mind goes back to her pale face when I told her to get out of my room. When she arrives I am going to have to explain even though I don't have an explanation, or I don't know how I would explain myself to her understanding.

How do I tell her that I was meant to destroy her, to kill her and her son, and ended up falling for her? If I should let her know about my plan she would never look at me the same way.

She might slip out of my hands into Finn's hand. That is something I cannot bear to see.

My gaze rises to her eyes. "Her son is a threat to us. If Dean discovers that she has a son with him he will not let her go. If he dies he will become the next Alpha and not you. Don't you want your blood to sit on the throne?" She asks.

I nod weakly. "Good, then she must go"

I shake my head "No, Sabrina. I can't"

"You have to or else I will turn my back against you" she warns me. Her eyes darken. 

My phone peeps with a message notification. I tab on it. My skin turns pale, and my heart drops for a while.

Lia has been kidnapped.

What the fuck? How did she go out without telling me?

"What happened?" She asked, seeing the worry on my face.

"Lia has been kidnapped"

###chapter 32

Luca POV

A smile tugged on Sabrina's lips. "That serves her right" 

What the hell does she mean by "that serves her right"? They took her so that they could get me. Who could have done that? 

I look at my phone and click on the sender's contact. It's Lorenzo. Anger brewed within me as I clenched my fist.

Of course, I knew the cunning bastard would do anything to make me release Dean. And I thought Lia was in her room. How come I never noticed that she went out?

Worse still is how she went out without telling me.

Fuck! I screamed. What was I going to do? If I bring Dean back because of Lia ,Sabrina would not be on my side again because she has already told me to see her as collateral damage. A means to an end.

Sabrina's voice brings me back from my thoughts "Don't tell me you are thinking of saving her?'' she asks, glaring at me.

I squirm in the chair as I try to roll off the agitation on my shoulder. An effort I am sure I am failing miserably at. 

"I have to save her" I reply to her with a low yet strong voice.

I expect her to insult me for trying to save her. After all, she is a witch. She might just use her powers to trap me.

My mind goes back to the picture they sent to me. Her hands tied, her eyes tied, her eyes filled with dry tears. I shook my head. I have to save her. I can't let her go.

"Who?" She asks with a sharp tone.

"Lorenzo," I replied.

"And you are still thinking of going to save her? He will make sure you remove the white oak from Dean's body before he releases her!" She shouted 

"I know. You think I don't know about the risk involved but I can't just let them hurt her" I explained.

She cocked her head to the side and folded her arms. Her eyes came back to me holding a dark note.

"So what do you want to do?" she asked me.

I stand up and walk towards her as I explain"I will try to save her myself. Only I can remove the oak. If I can outsmart them I can release her and come back" 

The corner of her lips lifted "And how do you intend to do that?" She asked.

I smiled "I am a hybrid, Sabrina. Or have you forgotten? I can take them on my own" I reassured her.

She took a step closer to me and I immediately knew that she was going to say something spiteful. Her middle finger poked my chest as she spoke.

"Here's what you do not know, you dump fool. If you go there they will leave Lia at gunpoint till you release her and if you don't they will kill her. I will be happy if it is executed because you seem to have a delicate part for her "She took a step away from me and took her glass of juice.

Whatever she said was true. If I didn't do it that way, they could kill her and I would not be able to do anything. I ran my hands through my hair.

What the hell was I going to do? I turned to Sabrina as my eyes softened. "You have to help me," I pleaded with her.

She choked on the juice and then coughed then smacked her chest. "What?" she asked with raised eyebrows.

I am sure she must have insulted me or called me names in her mind. Worse still she would be regretting why she even tried to ally with me.

"Sabrina please" I pleaded. I can't imagine pleading with someone over a girl I pushed out of my room.

Everything boils down to me. If I had not pushed her away she would be here or be on my bed and not in the hands of cruel Enzo.

She drank in her remaining juice ensuring to make a throat sound. She looked at me "You are pathetic" she said and dropped the glass.

She glanced at me once more from my head to my toe and left.

I heaved an exasperated breath as she left. Frustration brewed through me as I watched her leave.

To hell with her and her opinion. I am going to save her and there is nothing she can do about it.

Another message notification popped up on my phone. Another video from Lorenzo. They placed Lia inside a bath filled with ice. Her skin had turned pale but that did not annoy me. What annoyed me was the fact that she was naked. He had stripped her naked. They poured another bucket of ice on her and she flinched a little bit. It was obvious that her body was getting cold.

I bit my bottom lip till it drew blood. I had to save her but I did not know Sabrina's mind. She could decide to help Dean when I am gone.

I shook my head and rushed towards my room and picked up my car keys and my gun. I rushed down to meet a maid waiting for me at the end of the stairrail.

She bent her head "Alpha you have a letter" she said.

I furrowed my eyebrows. Who on earth sent letters wrapped in envelopes when there was a phone to send anything?

I grabbed it from her hand and opened it. Maybe it was from Lorenzo. Did the twat not get tired of sending photos and videos?

My jaw dropped as I opened the photo. It was Sabrina, her hands were about Dean's chest as if she was doing an incantation to release him.

I turned to the back to see the note she left "The moment you step outside I will release him and I will turn against you" she warned.

What.the.hell?

I dashed upstairs,  towards the room where I kept Dean. I barged into the room. She stood there saying some incarnation.

"Stop!" I shouted at her.

A smile tugged her lips as she dropped her hands. 

###chapter 33
Lia pov

After Lorenzo left they switched off the light and locked the door, darkness welcomed me in again.

Was this the plan the moon goddess had? To make me a sacrificial lamb for my kind to live. Because I knew one thing for sure and that is Luca would not give up Dean for me. 

He asked me out of his room,  he was just using me as a pawn just like Dean said. And the foolish me ended up having feelings for him.

Gosh! I can believe how foolish I was to ever imagine that he was going to love me. For crying out loud I was not even his mate.

Something moves in the darkness drawing my attention. Fear gripped me as my feet became colder. What the hell was that?

Did it come again? This time closer than before.

! My heart sank into the depths of my chest. Don't tell me it was a snake. Then it came crawling towards my leg around my skin.

"Help!" I screamed. "Somebody help me!" I screamed again as fear gripped me again.

I can't die like this. I can't leave Merlin alone in this world.

Something sharp pressed through my arm "!"

It removed his teeth and slowly left my body. My eyelids become heavy. I tried to stay awake but I could not. I gradually closed my eyes and welcomed myself to a more comforting darkness.

A cold liquid touched me. I opened my eyes slowly. My eyelids feel heavy. I shook my head as I tried to remember everything that happened.

I looked around me, my hands and legs were untied. I was in a bathtub not just in the bathtub I was naked. Like completely naked.

Who the hell put me in here? The door opened as Lorenzo and the two other guys entered. They carried a bucket filled with ice. What were they about to do to me?

Lorenzo stood by the side of the tomb, his right hand tucked into his pocket. "Your lover refused to pick up my calls or answer me"

I shrugged. It was not a new thing. Although a small part of me hoped that he would come for me.

"I told you, he does not care about anyone" I replied nonchalantly.

He nodded with a smile "Yes, I know. That is why I am going to make you suffer as my friend is suffering right now" he replied, his voice laced with disdain. He poured the remaining drink on my breast.

My nipples tightened with fear. Shame breeds within me. The fact that he had stripped me naked before the three of them. Different thoughts ran through my mind. Was he going to rape me, or kill m?? Was it going to be a gang rape?.  For crying out loud, why should I suffer for the aims of others?

"Lorenzo, please. You can't just keep me here" I pleaded, my voice shaking with fear 

He nodded "Of course I can and I will keep you here," he said and turned to them.

"Make sure you torture her till she passes out," he told them.

"Yes boss" They nodded and he walked away.

The white-haired one carried a bucket of ice and poured it into the bathtub. The other one joined him. Soon the whole bathtub was filled with ice.

I knew what they were trying to do. They were trying to make me freeze till death like those in the Titanic.

Seriously I wished I was in there rather than being here. At least they were allowed to run. They sat before me watching me.

One of them brought out a cigarette. Oh no! How the hell was I going to tell them that I was asthmatic? I am sure they knew, that was why they did it.

He brought out his lighter and turned it on. Soon the smoke filled the air. At first, I seized my breath, then I released it. Seizing my breath was another way to die.

He smiled at me. My nostrils started blocking. I found it hard to breathe as I gasped for breath. The ice on my body made it worse. It seemed as if my blood had stopped flowing.

My skin turned pale. I took in a shaky breath as my chest hurt the more "Please, can you take it outside" I pleaded.

He stooped for a while and raised his eyebrows. "Why?"

"I am..am asthmatic" I replied.


He glanced at me and turned away. He took in a Long deep breath and exhaled. I watched as the plume of smoke came out.

My gasping increased. I tried to stand up but he pointed a gun at me. "Don't you dare take a step?" He warned sternly.

The other tapped him, and they communicated through their eyes. He stood up and left me there.

I heaved a sigh of relief as he left although the smell was still there. The other one opened the window.

"Thank you," I said with gratitude.

His jaw tightened as he replied to me "Don't be" he said and sat down back.

By this time my feet had become numb.    I could not feel my feet again. The cold came with pain and when I mean pain I mean a great deal of pain.

My skin had already turned white. The other guard came inside but he was not with a cigarette.

He sat down facing me. His eyes were hollow and emotionless.

"Stand up" he ordered.

Finally! I mustered. I tried to stand up but fell back into the bathtub. My body was stiff. I could not move.

He stood up and carried me from the tub and placed me on the ground.

I lay there naked and cold.

###chapter 34
Luca's pov

"I thought you were not going to come," she said as she turned to me with a smile.

"What did you think you were going to do?"I asked.

She shrugged and tilted her head towards Dean's direction. "I was raising another ally. since you decided to fail me" she replied.

My nostrils flared, and  I shoved my fist into my pocket. Can't believe she was about to release Dean. Of all the people, Dean!

"And you decided to make your next ally my brother?"

She nodded "Yes"

I scoffed and turned around the room for a while. I stopped a few meters away from her, my hands on my waist as I called on patience. Because I could seriously snap this woman's neck.

"Are you serious? My brother! Dean who has insisted that the witches are not meant to be human? You decide to raise him to destroy me. Seriously Sabrina, what the fuck is wrong with you?" I asked my voice above the rooftop. I took in shaky breaths as I tried to control my anger, I could feel my veins throbbing.

Her face turned into a little frown. She pointed her fingers towards me, her eyes dark "Firstly you do not shout at me. Secondly, I would make anybody my ally since you decided to be a disappointment"

I narrowed my eyes to a split, my voice dark with range "Me? A disappointment?" I asked.

She rolled her eyes, increasing the anger within me. How on earth did I not see this side of her?

"Yes my Alpha" she replied, her tone laced with mockery as she mockingly bowed to me.

I scoffed "Me an imbecile. Have you taken a good look at yourself?"I asked.

Anger passed through her. "What do you mean?" She asked.

I shrugged and took a step back "You know what I mean" I replied.

"I am trying to save you, Luca. I am trying to make you the Alpha you have always dreamt of. With Lia and Merlin, you will never be the Alpha. Your blood will never be the heir" she replied her voice low as she tried to make me see reasons with her.

"It doesn't matter if my son sits there if it's not Lia's son. So let me save her." I pleaded and moved towards her and held her arms "She will die if we don't help" I pleaded.

She stared at me for a while and gradually removed my hands from her arms. "If you cross this gate, I will turn my back against you"

I swallowed her threat "If you turn against me. You and your kind will suffer especially if Dean gets to know that you helped me" I replied.

We glared at each other for a while, our eyes screaming anger and rage. She walks away and bangs the door behind her.

I take one more glance at Dean and lock the door with my key. I have already been able to track Lia's location.

I hurry downstairs and get into my car to drive to her location.  What if Sabrina comes in and helps Dean while I am away? What will I do? I ask myself.

For a minute I am tempted to stay back and heed Sabrina's warning but then Lia's face flashes through my mind. Her blue eyes, her laughter, her soft lips. Gosh! I tighten my grip around my steering as heat well up through my body.

I stretched a little to relieve myself of whatever tension that had flowed to my groin.

I pack my car at the location. It is surprising a modern building unlike most of the kidnappers who hide their victims in creepy, cobwebbed places. 

I step outside and move towards the building holding my gun. I push the gate open and it opens.

Cold creeps into me. Why do I feel like this is a trap? I ask myself.

The building is two-storied. I don't even know what floor she is on. Gosh! This feels like a mistake. 

I decide to follow my guts, I can already feel eyes on me. The only reason why I came alone was because I knew that this was what they wanted. Unknowingly to them I am a hybrid, I cannot be killed.

Immediately I entered the door shut behind me. I turn around to face Lorenzo who has a cigarette trapped in between his lips. He has an amused smirk on his face.

He inhales for a while before he exhales "You know I told Lia that you were going to come and she said no. She called you a selfish person who did not love her. But here you are" his tone is lacking with mockery.

My heart drops at the thought of those words. Did she think that about me?

Lorenzo's eyes changed into gold color as his teeth drew out. I burst into laughter. For fuck sake he is a wolf, I would tear him apart in one bite.

He jumps on me and bites me on my neck. "Argh," I wrote in pain. I roll over making him be on top of me.

I growl as my eyes change into gold and red. His eyebrow furrows as he takes in his teeth "You are a hybrid?" He asks. His voice was laced with surprise.

I tilt my head "Surprise?" I asked him and bit his neck. He screamed harder, two men in black who I immediately guessed were lia kidnappers rushed downstairs and started shooting at me.

I don't flinch but focus on Lorenzo making sure I inflict more pain on him. When I am done drinking some of his blood I leave him, even though I am thirsty for more.

"Now tell me where she is?" I ask him.

He points upstairs. Without wasting time I rush up to meet Lia. I open the first door, which is a bedroom. I burst into all the rooms and to the last one which is a bathroom.

Lia is lying on the floor unconscious. Her skin is pale and worst of all she is naked. My eyes move to the bathtub beside her which is filled with ice. Let it not be what I am thinking.

###chapter 35


Lia pov

A loud piercing groan filled the house drawing me out of my unconsciousness. I opened my eyes slowly. The two men stood at my front pointing the gun around the room.

"Did you hear the scream?" The white-haired one asked.

"Shh," the other one signaled to him as they kept quiet.

Who could have made that noise or maybe they had other captives. I sat up and looked over my naked body. I did not try hiding my body. I am sure they must have seen enough.

The groan came again. This time it was louder. They rushed downstairs leaving me on the wet cold floor. Gunshots followed. I am sure whoever tried to break through their house would not survive this because the bullets they fired were many.

The bullet was followed by a loud silence from both sides. After a while, I heard a heavy footstep approaching. It was likely to be a man.


I prayed whosoever found them did not get me. Maybe another enemy or someone who wanted Luna dead. 

The door opened and he walked inside and searched around the room before he made his way to the bathroom.

The door creaked open and I closed my eyes as fear overtook me. Then the scent hit my nose, I don't think I can ever forget that scent. So masculine and addictive.

I felt him walk towards me, his Shadow hovering around me. He knelt before me immediately and his hand touched me. I shivered.

He cupped my cheek hitting me a little "Lia!    Lia open your eyes" he said with a low desperate pleading voice.

I opened my eyes to meet his tear-stained eyes. Why did he come? I mean it is not like he cares for me or anything. Or maybe he needed me to fulfill my duty as his Luna.

"Lia. Lia, are you okay?   he asked. His voice is deep with concern or maybe a fake concern. I sat upright. He shook my head.

" Answer me. Say something" he pleaded.

"I'm fine," I said and sat up. He heaved a sigh of relief. 
"You scared me, ''he said in a hoarse voice. I raised an eyebrow. There was no need for pretense. We both knew he felt nothing for me. I tried to stand up with the little strength I had but fell back to the floor.

I looked at Luca, he looked older and his mouth was stained with blood. "Where are your clothes? Did they hurt you?" he asked as he searched around.

"I don't know. I am sure it will be so were around"

His eyes searched around the bathroom but it was not there. He dashed to the room and soon came back with the clothes.

"Can you wear it alone?" he asked.

I glared at him. Even if I could not wear it alone I would never allow him to touch me, not after what he did. He was the one that made them kidnap me. If he was around none of this could have happened.

"I need to change?" I told him with a weak cold voice.

His face was washed with sadness. He took one final step at me and left. I took my time to wear my clothes. I leaped outside to meet him at the door wearing a worried face.

He moved forward to help me but I raised my palm to the air signaling him to stop. 

"Lia are-

The door burst open with the men. They rushed towards me. One wrapped his arms around my neck as he pointed a gun toward my head. 

Fear crept into me. Don't tell me I am about to die. I thought he had already taken care of them before coming to get me.

Luca glared at Lorenzo. Lorenzo returned his glare with a smile. "Let her go," Luca warned.

Lorenzo burst into laughter, he kept on laughing as he pointed fingers at Luca. He stopped for a while and continued laughing then his expression turned cold. His eyes were emotionless.

"You must be a fool to think that you can order me around. It is either you release Dean or we kill her" he said.

Luca's hands balled into a fist. He growled loudly as his eyes turned into two different colors. He advanced towards Lorenzo. They fought for a while until Luca took over his weight on top of LLorenzo and punched him.

The men had already wasted all their bullets towards them. He advanced the other one and bit his neck, sucking his blood as the boy writhed in pain. 

By the time he was done. The other one faced him with fear. His eyes widened as his skin grew pale. He rushed towards the door but Luca outsmarted him. Luca snapped his neck and drank his blood as he did to the other one.

Adrenaline rushed within me at the sight of this man. His eye gradually changes back to its usual color, blood still dripping off him.

The thought of who he was scared me but the thought that he had shown his true nature because of me warmed my heart.

He advanced towards me breathing heavily, his white shirt soaked with blood.

He looked at me as his eyes softened. He cupped my cheek and this time I did not flinch. I let his warm hands warm my face.``Look I am sorry for my reaction earlier on and I know you have every right to be mad at me but I am deeply sorry"  he apologized.

I nodded. "Is okay," I replied. I don't think I can ever be angry with this side of Luca.

He stared at me for a while as if he tried to read my expression then in a split moment he carried me to the car. 

A few seconds passed, his eyes fixed on the road. "You are a reaper?" I said more of a question.

His muscles tightened. He looked at me and then at the road. "Yes. I discovered it when I turned into a hybrid," he said.

I nodded "Does Dean know?" I asked.

"No, he did not know but I am sure he will know now. Lorenzo will tell him once I release him"  he said.

So in conclusion, Luca was a hybrid, and not just a hybrid he was a reaper. A very dangerous combination.

Immediately we entered I felt an uneasy feeling. We entered the parlor. My jaw dropped.

Dean sat on the throne with Sabrina by his side.

Luca laughed. "Seriously?" He asked. I was sure his question was directed at Sabrina but why?

A guard stabbed Luca, he shouted with great pain as he fell.

I looked at Luca and then at Dean and I immediately knew I was in great trouble and no one was going to save me.

###chapter 36


Dean pov

I watch as the guard drags Luca's body away. Lia stands there watching him with horror. She looks too pale for someone who just came back with her lover.

Or maybe Luca got to show her the jerk in him. A smile tugged on my lips. That rogue of a brother thinks he can pretend for long. We all know he is soulless. How dare he try to stab me. 

I searched around for Lorenzo. I have been looking for him since I returned. 

"Lia, what's wrong? You look worried" Sabrina said as she walked towards Lia. She reaches out to Lia but she takes a step back. I tilt my head, I thought they were friends because she supported her when I rejected her.

What made Sabrina release me is something I don't know about. I think she wants to propose an alliance. Something I will eagerly accept.

She places her hands on her chest "It's me, Lia. Are you okay?. Did Luca do something to you?" She asked, her voice laced with pretense. 

Lia nods slightly and walks away. I watch as she disappears into the corridor that leads to her room.

Sabrina's blank face creeps in with a smile. The maid comes in and offers her a glass of Orange juice. She nods her head at the maid and watches her leave.

She raises her glass in the air towards me with a smile. I nod at her. She takes in a sip of the juice with a plastered smile.

"It seems your brother has done something wrong to his love interest" 

I scoff and resist the urge to roll my eyes. " He is not my brother," I replied. I am sure she knows he is not my brother. She just wants to get on my nerves.

She playfully taps her head "Oh, my bad" she replies with an eerie smile. 
 
Silence exists between us for a while. Just her sitting on a chair by my side with her legs crossed sipping wine and staring at me.

I clear my throat as I decide to break the silence " What do you want from me, Sabrina?" I ask my voice deep with seriousness.

She smiles at me and takes down the remaining wine in her glass with a gulp before facing me. "I will help you destroy your cousin. In turn, you would let all the witches come back to the Attic land" she says.

I shake my head "It's park Sabrina, it is for wolves and not witches" I retorted my voice deep with anger.

"If you walk with me it will be for the benefit of both of our kind" she replied.

"Witches don't have a kind. You all are evil. You don't have a kind" I reply to her with a glare.

Her eyes darken and for a moment I thought she was contemplating the best way to kill me. "I saved you, Dean. You owe me a favor, " she replied.

"I am your Alpha, Sabrina" I reply, pronouncing the Sabrina softly "I owe you no favor" I reply.

She stands up immediately, her voice deep with anger "I will take you back to where I met you if you dare me" she warned.

I chuckle "Well, unfortunately. You can't stab me while I am alive "

"You are forgetting that we are witches. I will search through you and find your weak point. I am from old magic and if I wish I will make you ridiculed by all men" she warns meaning every word she says.

I swallow hard at the thought of her threat. If she could remove a white oak from my chest she could do anything.

That reminds me, the guard had complained that they did not see her enter. Could she have used magic too? My father had always warned me that witches are the most powerful creatures.

They can make or break you. But they hated wolves. I am sure they love vampires more than us. Having an alliance on her side would be beneficial for my reign.

It would help me get rid of Luca easily. But what if she turns her back against us just like they did to my father?

I raise my head to meet her glare "I will think about it" I reply to her.

A smile tugs on her lips as she bows and leaves. Just when she is about to go, Lorenzo walks inside blood-stained. His neck had been bitten.

"Lorenzo," Sabrina says with a smile. Lorenzo looks at her for a while or maybe for too long. She turned to me with a smile. 

"I will be on my way" Immediately she leaves and I turn to Lorenzo. I stand up and walk towards him.

"Who bit you?" I asked. The skin is already swollen. My eyes widened in shock, he was bitten by a hybrid. Hybrid bites are poisonous but I thought my father made sure he erased all the hybrids.

He shakes his head, his eyes shaking as if he is confused. "I can't remember," he said.

I furrow my eyebrow. "What do you mean by" you can't remember," I ask.

"What was Sabrina doing here?

" Don't skip the question, who bit you?

"Answer me, Dean. What is she doing here" he asked with a sharp tone.

Sensing his anger I answered him "She released me from Luca's stab. In return, she asks "I bring back the witches". I answer his question.

" And?"

Why Is he so bent on knowing about Sabrina? Is not like I ever lie to him about something. "I told her that I would think about it," I replied.

"Don't even try thinking about it. She does not mean well" he replied.

I lower my eyebrow. How does she not mean well? I mean, I just told him that she released me. The least he can do is to be happy.

"Why?" I ask.

He raises his head to look at me "Immediately I stared at her, my memory vanished including the memory of the hybrid who bit me" he replies and walks away.

What the hell is Sabrina up to? and who could be the hybrid?

###chapter 37
Dean's POV.

I paced around the room trying to unveil whatever she was hiding and who could be a hybrid. Hybrids are more powerful than wolves and they sometimes turn into tyrants and decide to challenge the throne. The fact that she has decided to wipe Lorenzo's memory means that the person can be of harm to us.

But if I don't get her on my side it will be worse and I will never get to know about her plans or who the hybrid is.

Sooner than later I settle down to face more pressing problems such as the administration of the pack and how I am going to have a second chance mate.

A knock came on my door interrupting my work. I am sure it is Lorenzo. I had sent someone to knock on his door but he had refused to reply, meaning he wanted to be left alone.

"Come in" I shouted, my attention still fixed on the paper in front of me.

"My lord, Sabrina is here" he informs me.

I furrow my eyebrows, what the hell is she doing here? I had not sent for her. I shrug, let me hear whatever she wants to say.

"Let her in"

The guard nods his head and leaves. A few minutes later Sabrina walks in with a smile on her face, an expression I am beginning to find annoying. How can you be evil and keep on smiling?

She takes a seat without me asking her to sit. My face turns into a frown as I stare at her.

"What do you want, Sabrina?" I ask. "I don't remember sending for you"

She shrugs and picks up a pen on my desk "Well I did not think that there would be a need to inform my ally that I am coming to see him" she says

"We are not yet allies, Sabrina and I don't think we will ever be" I warn her,   her over-familiarity is beginning to itch my skin.

Her smile washes away immediately and it is replaced with a frown. "What do you mean?" She asks me.

"You heard me Sabrina, I said I would think about your proposal"

She swallowed whatever lump was in her throat and sat upright, her hands placed on my table and I resisted the urge to remove her hands. "What do you say about my proposal?" She asked.

I pack up all the paper, close my laptop, and walk toward her side. I sit on the edge of the table beside her. "I will only agree on one condition"

"What is that?" She asks.

"You tell me who is the hybrid who bit Lorenzo" I reply with a deep note.

She furrowed her eyebrows ``And how am I meant to know who that is?" She asks me.

My muscles tighten as I try to control the anger that is growing within me. How can she look me in the eyes and play dumb?

"Lorenzo can't remember the person who bit him and according to him he said its memory faded when you looked at him"  I explained to her.

She stares at me keenly for a long period and it is becoming creepy. My frown deepened "Why are you staring at me?" I ask.

She shrugs and leans against the chair "Do you remember what we last discussed?" She asked.

"Yes, why?"

"Oh, nothing. I was just wondering how my eyes remove someone's memory. I mean that question should be directed at you supernaturals. Wolves and vampires are the ones who can erase memory. Not a witch like me.  Witches walk with charms and most of the time the charms can't work if I don't do some incarnation. Did you see me doing any incarnation?" She asks with a raised eyebrow.

My mouth immediately ran dry. I opened my mouth to reply but closed it back. I know she is trying to deceive me.

"Lorenzo can't lie" I reply with a firm voice depicting my trust in him.

She chuckled a little bit. "Is this a way to refuse my alliance?"  she asks with a frown.

"Well-

The door burst open. Lorenzo entered inside. Immediately he sees Sabrina, his face turning into a frown as he glares at me.

Sabrina turned to him with a smile "Oh Lorenzo, I heard you claimed I removed your memory"

Enzo looks at me with the thought that it was meant to be between us. I shrugged, I mean what did he expect me to do?

"Yes. You wiped my memory about the hybrid" he replied, shooting me with a death glare.

"Ahh, how are you sure that it was a hybrid that bit you? Why do you think I would want to erase a memory of a hybrid?" She asks with a calculated calmness.

"I don't know. You always have personal ambition Sabrina and even if you can deceive Dean you can't deceive me" he replied the last part with a deep warning.

Anger flashes through her eyes "I saved your friend and for some reason, you think I want your downfall" she asks.

Lorenzo rolled his eyes as he tried to control whatever anger he was feeling. "Sabrina, an alliance with you is impossible."

She turns to me " Are you going to let your beta make decisions for you?" she asks.

I look at Lorenzo who is staring at me with a dare-devil eye. I walk back to my chair and stare at the two options before me.

An alliance with Sabrina would have been a good option but witches can't be trusted and for all I know it could be the hybrid who sent her.

"We are not going to become your ally, Sabrina. My father ruled the kingdom without witches and it was -

" It was a failed reign. Your mother died even when he knew magic could cure her. People were sacrificed for no reason because they were sorcerers, something he knew they were born with. Is that how you want to rule?  As a tyrant?" she asked me.

I clear my throat "Well I would rather be feared than have anything to do with witches" I reply to her.

An eerie smile creeps into her lip. " You are as pathetic as your father "she replied and stood up.

" You will regret this?" she replied, glaring at me and Lorenzo and banging the door at us.


###chapter 38
Luca pov

A strange raw pain rushed from my chest and spread around my whole body. I can feel something being dragged from my chest but my eyelid is too heavy to open for me to see who is removing whatever from my body.

Something twits in the middle of my heart causing me immense pain "Argh!" I shouted with agony.

Slowly my eyes open even though it is blurry,  and someone is bending over me. Who could that be? Slowly my vision begins to clear, revealing the lady bending over me.

Deep blue eyes, pale-looking skin, coral bead necklace. "Sabrina," I mumble.

Finally, my vision is clear. I glance around my room. The plane was painted black with an iron bar.

Where am I? I ask her as I sit up.

Then like a tornado, my memories rush back accompanied by a painful headache. I and Lia's kiss, the kidnapped, Lia's rescue and me being stabbed.

"What are you doing here?" I ask her. She betrayed me and decided to ally with my brother.

She sits beside me "Is that the thank you I get for saving you?" She asks.

Anger rushed within me as I glared at her "I should thank you for betraying me and taking my brother's side?" I ask.

She chuckled "I did not betray you, Luca"

A dark chuckle escaped me "Of course, you did not Sabrina" I replied with a smile. "You showed your true cunning nature," I retorted.

She glared at me as her eyes darkened. I smiled, and I awakened her anger. "Mind your tongue boy" she warns. "I wanted to teach you a lesson"

I run my tongue over my teeth. Well, you have taught me a good lesson. You have taught me to never trust you" I reply.

She tilts her head to the side and then to me her face glints with anger."I did not leave you alone. I came to save you that is why you are here"

I chuckle of course she must think that I am a fool to believe she genuinely cared about me. "Don't lie to me, Sabrina. You only came here because my brother refused you" I replied with my voice deep.

She gives me a blank face 
"Oh, and if you came to tell me to let go of Lia then I think you should just leave because I am not going to harm her" I warn her as I state matter of factly.

A smile tugged her lips "Seems the mighty Luca had fallen for his brother's wife. You do know that is against our morals" she replied with a mocking tune.

I roll my eyes. Of all the excuses she could give is about morals``Well when you give me a law written by the moon goddess that says love should be selective I would consider it but for now no. Moreover, they are not mates''

She smacks her lip"She has a mate, Luca, he will soon come for her"

"And he will be damned if he would think I am going to let go of her easily without killing him" I can't imagine living with someone else. I run my hand through my hair.

"He is an Alpha," she reminds me. An annoying fact that I know.

"I am a hybrid" I remind her

I sit up and face her, my face dark with seriousness"What do you want Sabrina" I ask her. 

"To join our hands together," she replied with a smile.

I give her a little laughter " I am not doing anything to hurt Lia"

"I know. I am restating our claim. Lia and Merlin would be protected" she supplied.

I lowered my eyebrow. She seems hell-bent on punishing Dean. I have no grudge against the witches. They helped me.

"Fine," I reply. A smile tugged her lips as she stood up, dusted her hands, and then squatted making sure she was on the same level with me. She pointed a finger at me.

"Don't be a fool, Luca. Do not let Lorenzo know that you are a hybrid, "she warns.

I kiss my teeth as I remember how I tore his skin. He must be looking for me or writing in pain"Ahh, that can be dangerous but I don't care" I reply nonchalantly.

"Well, I will help you wipe his memory away since you decided to be a fool. We will need to attack them with a big surprise and I will not let you destroy my plan" she warned.

A smile tugged my lips "So he does not remember me?" I ask. It would be such a pity trying to remember a hybrid especially after they had made sure they killed all my kind.

"No you dumb ass" she reply then smile "Though he was badly beaten. You were rough" she reply with a mocking tone.

I shrug."I was angry. They left Lia unconscious. I don't know what would have happened if I had not come"

A moment of silence passes "What is next" I ask because the twat has decided to spoil my plan by releasing Dean.

She grips my chin making me face her"You must be careful. They are looking for the hybrid then we will just lie down for a while. When we get out you must lay low. Don't make trouble, don't anger him. You can fuck his wife for all you can but do not flop my plan" she warns and let go of my chin. I rub my chin to remember to release the pain in my jaw.

She stands up and stretches her hands for me to take."I have heard, thank you" I reply as I pull my shirt which is soaked with my blood.

She turned to me"We are allies, Luca. We do favors not thank you" she replied and escorted me outside the cell. I think I am invisible because the guards did not try to stop me.

I make my way to my room after bidding her goodbye.

###chapter 39

Lia pov.

I watched as they dragged Luca. Pain gripped me. What pained me the most was that I did not know how to save him. I am quite sure he had a business with Sabrina because of the way he looked at her.

"Go to your room Lia," Sabrina said in a steel voice standing beside Luca. I furrowed my eyebrows. I thought she was on his side. I knew she was not meant to be trusted.

I glared at her as I inwardly blamed myself for what happened. If I had told Luca that I wanted to go he would have followed me and Lorenzo would have not been able to trick me into his way.

Dean cleared his throat bringing me out of my thoughts " You seem to be glaring at Sabrina. Do you have a problem with that?  Or is it because I stabbed your lover?" he asked with a smirk on his face.

I swallowed the anger in me and replaced it with a smile. "No, I don't have a problem with it" which was a very big lie. "I was just wondering who would be a mate to a soulless man like you" Immediately I said those words one of the men brought out his gun pointing it at me.

Dean's eyes darkened with anger "You-" he began but Sabrina cut him shut resting her hands on his own.

"Lia go to your room," she said with finality in her voice.

I glared at the both of them and entered into my room. Immediately I entered,  I locked the door behind me with anger and began to unzip my clothes when I caught sight of something on my table.

A rose flower with a letter. Who could have brought this for me? Had Luca been released? Then the familiar scent hit my nose. I turned around to meet Finn at the corner of my room staring intensively at me with a smirk on his face.

I turned back to zip my clothes back "How did you get in?" I asked.

He chuckled a little bit "Don't you think that is a very funny question?" He asked as he walked towards me with his hands tucked into the pocket of his sweat pants, his white long-sleeve shirt hugged his body enhancing his abs. Is it just the mate bond or does this man happen to appear more attractive day by day?

I turned around to look at him his eyes darkened but he was not staring at me. He was staring at my body, at the Mark and every other thing.
"What happened? Who did this to you?" I bent my head naively. I was not even meant to be with him after what I promised Luca. I remained quiet, it seemed as if my quietness irritated the hell out of him.

He strolled towards me until it was just the air keeping us apart, he bent his face to my ear and whispered harshly "Lia, for the sake of our relationship when I ask you a question, especially one that has to do with someone harming you. You answer me. You don't keep quiet" he whispered as his hot breath fanned my ear lobe.

I refused to talk, why would he pretend that he cared when all he did was come to my room to have fun while his beta killed my father-in-law?

"It's none of your business" I answered quietly.

He took in a shaky breath, his ear reddened In anger "You are my mate Lia and the future Luna to my pack. It is my business"   he warned.

"There is no need to act like you care. Why are you here? Is your beta also here to kill Dean since all he does is kill people while you visit your mate's bed to comfort while you kill her Alpha"

A glint of anger passed through his eyes. He brushed his hair roughly. "I spared your life lia. We were meant to kill his  Luna but I spared your life because you are my mate. Someone had to fill in for it" he explained his eyes gradually softened.

My heart skipped a bit. Should I believe him? What If he was lying? He came closer his hands cupped my cheeks hot warmth passed through me. I leaned into my palm and closed my eyes.

"Who did this to you?" He asked again softly. I opened my eyes to meet his blue one staring at me.

Memories of what Dean did to me flashed before my eyes. The pepper rub, the whip, I even died for a minute. 

"Dean" I whispered.

His eyes darkened as he withdrew his palm from my face leaving a vacuum. He walked around the room as he cursed under his breath. He turned to look at me his voice filled with determination. "We are leaving," he said and took my hand.

I dragged my hands out of his own "No"

"What?" He asked, his forehead folded.

"I said no. I told you to give me two weeks and you said okay" I told him.

"Are you so interested in dying? A man like him can kill you next time. Have you taken a good look at yourself? You look weak, pale like a pack of bones and you want me to leave you here?  So that when next I come you will be dead? " he asked me.

His words touched me a lot but I can't. Luca risked his life for me. How would he feel if he had found out that I left with my mate, he had made me promise him that I was going to stay with me. He needed me but this mate bond willed me to go with Finn, my mind still went back to him when I was alone.

"Just give me one week, please. I am about to live my life and follow you and I had a life before you came. I have friends and I have a guardian. I need to tell them goodbye" he looked at me and nodded.

He walked towards me and pressed his lips to mine quickly and mumbled "One week before you become mine" he said and left.

A knock immediately came to my door, and my heart dropped. Hope I did not do anything to them again.

###chapter 40


Lia pov.

I made sure he had left through my window and sprayed perfume throughout the room. Wolves can smell an outsider and it would be hell if Dean found out that he was here.

I  walked towards the door to open it. It was my maid she was carrying a box. "Come in" I replied.

She bowed her head and came inside. I stood behind her back and watched as she dropped the box on the bed.

"What is in there?" I asked. She shook her head negatively. "I don't know but I think it's clothes or a gift. They were sent by Lorenzo" she said.

"Lorenzo? I thought Lorenzo was badly wounded?" I asked.

"Yes, but he had recovered quickly. I think Sabrina healed him" she said. 

I walked towards the box but Luca came in. The maid looked at me, and I waved at her to go. I immediately left the clothes and went to meet him.

My eyes turned water by seeing the scar on his chest. "I am so sorry Luca" I apologized.

He furrowed his bushy eyebrow "Sorry for what?" He asked.

How could he possibly forget what just happened so quickly? It was my fault that he was kidnapped or stabbed. Although he hurt my feelings when he rejected me I think he had a reason why.

"For putting you in this condition. For leaving without telling you and making you show Lorenzo who you truly are. Also for making Dean stab you. Is.. All.. My fault "I said with a trembling voice.

A smile tugged on his lips "Come here" he said opening his arms for me. I engulfed him in a tight hug. I closed my eyes as I felt his body warmth increase. I don't even know what I was doing but the thought of not seeing him again scared a whole lot of me even more than Finn my mate.

"I am fine Lia and besides I caused it. If I did not react that way you would have not left and don't worry about Lorenzo finding out about my identity. Sabrina whipped his memory" he said and placed a soft kiss on my head.

What did he mean by Sabrina wiped his memory? I looked at him, and he stared back at me smiling "So you mean Lorenzo does not know about you?" I asked.

"No. Okay, so we are safe. And besides you are safe and that is what matters" he said and it warmed my heart.

I immediately removed the box from my bed for him to sit. "Do you feel any pain? Should I apply oil or something to ease the pain?" I asked with a concern-filled voice.

He smiled "As much as I enjoy you caring for me I am fine. Sabrina said she is on our side. She had to devise a way to make Lorenzo trust her,"   he said.

I nod absent-mindedly. I let go of my packed black hair, removed my necklace, and started zipping my clothes.

"What are you doing?" He asked with a husky voice.

A pink hue covered my cheek but I shrugged "I don't know. I am changing my clothes" I said.

He smiled "in front of me?"

"In front of you"

I pulled my skirt leaving only my underwear,    a my shirt leaving only my singlet which pierced my nipples. His eyes darkened as he watched me climb the bed.

What was I doing? I don't even know but what I do know is that I wanted him. More than anything and I was going to have him today regardless of anything.

I lay behind him for a while before I climbed on top of his chest. His arms encircled my waist, and desire rolled through us. We stared at each other for a while. I lifted my head and pressed my lips against his. He stood there for a while, his eyes wide open. "What are you doing lia?" He asked his voice filled with lust and desire.

"Kissing you" I whispered. He swallowed hard as if he was trying to control himself. I began planting soft kisses from his mouth down to his nipple. I stopped at his nipple and licked it. He groaned loudly. 

"Fuck this!" he cursed at his breath. In a split second, he turned me over and started kissing me. Desire roed out of his mouth. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and a moan escaped me.

We kissed each other for a while, rolling desire with lust. He started planting soft kisses on my neck down to my nipples. His lips encircled my nipples. He sucked it for a while, while his hands played with the other one.

"Ahh!" I moaned desire filled my voice. He worked his way to the other one repeating the same circle giving it a little bit and squeeze.

He worked his way down to my navel leaking my skin. His hands stopped at my underwear. He gently pulled the underwear away leaving me completely naked. He stared at my body for a while with his dark eyes filled with lust.

I raised my body to meet him and started kissing him before he left me turned on just like he did the last time.

He laid me back carefully and worked his way in between my laps. He started planting soft kisses on each side of my lap. I moaned loudly waiting for him to walk his way to my honey pot. His tongue finally touched my  clit. He kept on licking it. Adrenaline rushed through me.

I increased my moans as I grabbed the duvet. I closed my eyes in ecstasy as warmth rushed through me.

"Arrg!" I shouted as he drove his middle finger into my hole and started thrusting. He increased his pace with mine. 

"Luca.. I .. am  .about to come!" I moaned out loud. I could feel myself reaching the spot.

Then suddenly he removed his hands from my hole. My eyes widened. Why did he stop?

?You don't get to come except I say so," he said and started pulling his clothes. 

###chapter 41


Lia pov

I watched him take off his clothes leaving him bare naked without anything. His erection staring at me. I swallowed,  it was so hard. Just as I was imagining how I was he was going to fit into me.

He cleared his throat drawing me back from my thoughts. "Get down" he instructed in a deep husky voice.

I climbed down from my bed and stood before him. He drew me closer to himself till our bodies touched each other. He began to kiss me hungrily. His tongue walked deeper into my mouth as his hands traveled down to my stomach.

His hands dug into my hole. I moaned in response. Just as the sex was becoming steamier my phone ran. His kisses stopped pissing me off. Who could that be

"Go and pick it," he said. I shook my head and deepened my tongue to his mouth. Gradually he reciprocated it, wrapping his arms around my waist.

The phone call came again and he cursed under his breath. I smiled, good he did not want to let go just like I did not want to.

"We.kiss. can. Kiss. ignore. it "I mumbled against his lips. He shook his head and detached himself from me. " It might be Lexie" for Merlin," he said.

It touched me that he still thought about my son at this moment even though his father wanted to kill him. I moved to my dressing table where I had dropped the phone. I turned it on it was Lexie. 

I called her back in no time she picked the call up "Lia.. Is..me. Please can you come to the house" she asked her voice trembling with fear.

My heart sank immediately all the joy from sex washed away. Luca walked up to me and encircled his arms around me while planting soft kisses on my neck.

"what happened? Is he okay?"I asked her. My heart sank at the thought of Merlin being sick, especially at this time when everything was still messed up. As sad as it may be I knew Merlin would never have a bond with his father. I would not even want him to be trained by him.

There was silence from the other side "Lexie?"

"Lorenzo is here, he has me at gunpoint", she said and burst into tears.

"Lorenzo?" I asked and Luca stopped right on track. He turned me around to face him his eyebrow furrowed. "What?" He mounted.

"Lexie I am-" the line went off.

Fear gripped me I stared at the phone. My feet grew cold. "Is everything all right?" Luca asked sensing my worry.

"Lorenzo is with Lexie" I, said my voice trembling with fear. Luca's eyes widened, of course, he knew that we would be in a really bad situation if Lorenzo was with Lexie.

"What the fuck is wrong with this man?" he shouted angrily the veins on his head throbbing threatening to pop out of anger.

"What did he say he wanted?"  he asked me.

I shook my head with tears-filled eyes "He did not say what he wanted. But I am sure he wants me. What if he kills me, what if he hkikillse-"

My thoughts immediately went to Merlin. Oh no,  if he saw Merlin he would immediately know that he was Dean's child. They looked alike a lot. He would take him away from me. That was something I could not bear. Merlin was my life, my joy my everything.

My throat clustered together, and the air became too heavy as I struggled to breathe. My heartbeat increased while my skin grew pale. 

"Hey, hey. Breath" Luca said softly encircling me in a hug as he rubbed my exposed skin. 

Little by little everything came back to normal. My breathing stabilized.

"We are going to get dressed and go there."

My body still shook in fear "What..what if he has Merlin? " I raised my head to stare at him. "What if he wants to kill him,"  she asked.

He took a deep breath and heaved a sigh "He might not be there. He might be at Benedicta" he said trying to sound as calm and collected as he could

I nodded and began to dress up, he wore his clothes and left my room also to get dressed. He came back a few minutes later and we made our way towards the gate, both of us uncertain of what was going to happen.

The drive to Lexie's house was silent. Immediately he stopped the car engine he gave me a wooden knife to stab Lorenzo if he came towards me.

"If it comes to worse turn into your wolf form and run away with your child," he said his voice deep with anger.

"What about you?" I asked. I would not want him to get hurt because of me.

He looked at me or rather he stared at my soul "I am a hybrid, I will be fine"  he said with an assuring smile.

I nodded grateful that I had him with me all the time. We got out of his car and heaved a sigh. 

He squeezed my hand gently with a smile.  we walked towards the door and opened it. 

My jaw dropped immediately after I opened the door. Lorenzo sat on his couch facing the door with Lexie sitting on the ground. His knife pressed against Lexie's pale skin.

My eyes immediately search around for Merlin. Thankfully he was not there.

###chapter 42
Lia pov

Lorenzo plastered a mocking smile on his face "Awwn can you see" he said pointing at Luca who was behind me glaring at him "Your friend brought her man to fight for her" he said and added chuckling "She brought a rogue to fight a beta,  isn't that stupidity at its peak" he asked.

I looked at  Luca, his jaw tightened as he crossed his arms around his chest. 

He cleared his throat, " What do you want Lorenzo?" he asked him.

He pointed at me, "Her, or the secret you are keeping," he said.

I furrowed my eyebrows, what secret was he talking about? Luca's eyes were reduced to a split.

"What are you talking about?" He asked.

Lorenzo stood up from the couch. And strolled towards us with a plastered smile, his blonde hair scattered and his neck still had marks of Luca's bite in it. I am not even sure he has taken his bath because he still had his blood-stained clothes on.

"You know I have been following you all around and I discovered that your mistress here always visits this place so often. I am pretty sure I kidnapped her but don't remember what happened next. Then it occurred to me, "Is either your mistress cheating on you with someone who is a hybrid or Lexie is the hybrid" he explained.

Luca and I stood there watching him. Without showing any emotions. At least Merlin was out of the question. We could fight on our own without worrying about him and I know for certain that Luca would tame Lorenzo when the time comes.

Luca cleared his throat "You kidnapped her?" He asked feigning ignorance.

Lorenzo cracked a smile "Oh yes but her savior came to release her" he said.

What did he mean? Did he mean that he knew that Luca was a hybrid?

"So you think I am a hybrid, but you just called me a rogue?" Luca said.

"Of course not, I know you are a valueless rogue known only for his tyranny." he said and turned to her "But I do know that she is the hybrid,"  he said pointing at Lexie.

Luca burst into laughter, he laughed and laughed and kept quiet and continued laughing "Seriously, you think Lexie is the hybrid. Did you smell any hybrid in her? You think if she was a hybrid you would not be dead by now?"  he asked, still laughing.

Lorenzo swallowed hard, and Lexie stared at me with pitiful tear-filled eyes. Her mouth was covered with a bind "Release her and ask her to attack me" Luca said.

I glared at Luca, he knew that Lexie was not a hybrid then what was he trying to do? Lorenzo looked at him and foolishly went to Lia asking.

"Stand up and change to your wolf form. I want to see you." He ordered.

Lexie quickly changed to her wolf form and back. Lorenzo curled his hands into a fiat as his eyes reddened. He narrowed his eyes at me and Luca and turned away, of course, he will never suspect us.

"So?" Luca asked "I can't see a hybrid anywhere?  "he said looking around.

Lorenzo narrowed his gaze to me and advanced me, fear gripped me at the thought of whatever he was going to do. I brought out the wooden stake Luca had given me but Luca stepped in front of me. 

"Don't you dare" he growled.

Lorenzo scoffed "What do you think people are going to say about you? You will be a symbol of pity. Look at the rogue who decided to fuck his lose brother's wife to comfort himself for his mate that was killed", he said.

Luca's shoulders tightened. He never liked people talking about his mate around him. I am sure he missed her from time to time because they shared a bond unlike me who never had a bond with my mate except Finn who seems protective but sometimes it crosses my mind that he might just be pretending to care.

"Call her loose again and I will make you lose your head" Luca growled.

"How? Do you want to kill a beta? Your cousin would sentence you for that?" He said.

Luca tilted his head and scoffed "You seem to be so proud about this beta position."

"Of course, I am," Lorenzo answered with a hint of pride.

"Has it ever occurred to you that a weak-minded Alpha with an ignorant beta would be the worst combination"

"I mean it's pathetic because you were bitten by a hybrid and you come to threaten the life of a wolf thinking she is a hybrid. I mean, is that the best you can do?"

"I would find that hybrid, and I will bring him to hurt you," he said pointing at Luca.

A smile crept into my lips. He is never going to find the hybrid because the hybrid is the one standing before him.

"Why don't you ask the person that healed you of your bite? I am sure she will know" Luca suggested with a smile.

Lorenzo took a step backward and started pacing around the room. "You don't get it Luca, we will be in trouble if the hybrid decides to attack, the park would be in trouble. We don't even know how many of them are still existing,  "he ponders.

Luca nodded his head as if he was thinking with him. "What are you trying to say?" He asked Lorenzo.

Lorenzo walked up to him and squeezed his shoulder, he raised his gaze to meet Luca's own.

"I am saying that we join hands together and bring that hybrid down. We were once brothers, you know, and I still see you as one even though Dean is blinded by revenge. You don't know who the hybrid would attack next it might be Lia or Lexie or even you" he implored.

Luca scoffed with a smile. "I thought I was a rogue. Useless, right? Is that not what you Guys called me.?"  he asked Lorenzo and pulled him by his collar "We were never friends and we will never be and if you think Dean is the one thirsty for power then you thought wrong. Because I am throne thirsty for vengeance and I will -

The door cracked open. I turned to see who it was, and my heart dropped at once. It was Merlin. He stood there looking at us, his hair wet with water. He smiled "Mummy!"



###chapter 43
Lia pov.

Everyone paused to look at him. Luca let go of Lorenzo's collar. My eyes widened with fear. Oh no, I have been caught. He will ask me who the father of the child was and why he was calling me mother and for all is worth I can't deny my son.

Different thoughts raised through my mind "What if he is caught? What If they mistook him for Luca's child? What will Dean do if he finds out? He might take Merlin from me.

Lorenzo advanced his quality and squatted before him. Of course, he must have seen the resemblance between him and his best friend.

"Hello boy? "he said. I knew he was trying to get some truth out of him.

"Hi," Merlin answered.

"What is your name?" He asked.

Merlin looked at Lexie who shook her head at him. Merli kept quiet. Lorenzo turned around to glare at us.

"Who is your mother?"Lorenzo asked him in a calm collected cunning voice. Merlin looked at him and raised his head to look at us, Lexie was standing beside me. He raised his hands as I closed my eyes waiting for him to point at me then I would be done for and all my secrets would be exposed. Then in a split second, the door opened and someone carried him away. No,    t someone Benedicta carried him away. I knew it from her scent.

I heaved a sigh of relief as tears of joy slipped through my eyes. I quickly wiped it away before Lorenzo could see it. 

Lorenzo turned to look at me and Lexie. He glared at both of us. "Who owns that child?" He asked. I swallowed hard, lexie grabbed my palms and rubbed the top with her thumb.

"We don't know the child" she replied, her face laced with boldness. Luca and I turned to her, surprised at her claim. What if they discovered she was lying? She is not even meant to be talking.

"Liar! How can a child walk in and call one of you his mother? How would I believe that? One of you is his mother!" he shouted, making the both of us flinch.  fear crept up within me.

"Well Lia is my best friend and she has never slept with someone. I on the other hand have no child. How am I not sure that the child belongs to you? You seem so concerned about a child that is not ours" she asked him.

Lorenzo's nostrils flared as he glared at her, he rushed towards her slamming her back against the nearest wall his hands wrapped around her neck"That child is a carbon copy of the Alpha's family" he said.

"Then..it..could be Luca's Child?" She said breathing.

I lowered my eyebrows. What game was she trying to play? It seemed as if whatever game she was playing worked because Lorenzo let go of her and faced Luca. She fell on the floor gasping for breath. I rushed towards her to raise her.

"Is he your child?" He asked Luca.

Luca stared at me and shook his head "Unlike you and Dean I don't fuck around and impregnate people. I am sure the child is for someone around the neighborhood so ask them. Maybe they will let you know that Dean had a child. Then you can let him know that he has an heir" he said.

"A bastard can't be an heir"

Luca scoffed "Right now, Dean has rejected his mate. I doubt if there is any other person who will be his mate so he better take the child as his son or I will take the throne"  he warned.

Lorenzo turned to look at us " I will tell the Alpha about what I just saw  "he said.

What he just saw. What did he mean by what he just saw? "About the magic that happened just now and he will have you both punished for it" he warned and added "The only way you would be free is if you tell me who owns the child" he shouted.

No one talked, we just stared at us. Seeing that we were never going to talk to him he said "I will come for you all" he said pointing at both of us apart from Luca.

He took his knife and left. Luca stood at the door watching him go with no one by his side. Immediately Luca confirmed that he had gone, he locked the door and heaved a sigh of relief. He turned to us.
"Merlin is no longer safe here. I will go and tell Benedicta about the attack while you deal with Lexie" he said and turned to Lexie "Thank you" he said. Lexie nodded in approval.

My heart warmed with the thought of Luca thanking Lexie for Merlin's sake. Something only a father would do. Gosh! now I wish I had slept with Luca and not Dean

"Why don't you go tomorrow? I will go with you. Lorenzo might come back to attack us" I said with a low voice.

Luca's eyes softened as he stared at me. "Don't worry about Lorenzo. He is cunning but not a coward; he only attacks when it is needed and if it is not he will stay away" he explained with a smooth assuring voice and a comforting smile.

He walked up to me and pecked me on my forehead. "I am going to be back in no time," he said and walked away locking the door behind me.

I watched as he drove away before turning to Lexie who had a questioning look on her forehead.

"Don't tell me you have fallen in love with him?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

I heaved a deep sigh "We need to talk"


###chapter 44


Lia POV

Lexie glared at me "Talk about what?" She asked, disbelief laced in her voice. "don't tell me it is what I am thinking about"

I took a deep breath. I knew so many questions were running in Lexie's mind. The last time we talked I told her how much I hated Luca.

"Can I explain?"I asked softly, trying to pacify her anger.

She took a deep breath and glared at me "Fine but just to make it make sense she said and sat on the sofa" her face laced with a frown.

I sat down beside her "I think I like him?" I said with a bent head.

"What?" She asked with surprise. I nodded my head. "Oh, good lord!" She groaned as she rubbed her forehead. "Lia you can't be with him, he might be using you for all I know and he is bad '' she said.

I shook my head disagreeing with her "I don't think so and what makes you think he is bad"

"Because... Because'' she raised her eyebrow. "Because it is Luca. He is like the symbol of evil for our pack. A man that made us lose our Luna is not even meant to be with you who is Dean Luna '' she explained.

I nodded. I knew she would be worried about me. That has been the reason I had kept it from her but with what we did before we came here, how he let go of control while kissing me. I knew that I was going to have him and keep him with me for as long as I could.

"Whatever enmity he had with Dean ended when he killed his mother. It has nothing to do with me, besides he has saved me multiple times and has stood up for me, is that not how love works?" I asked her. I mean that was what we both shared as our idea of love. Someone who loved us and put us before himself and Luca had proven himself countless times without number.

"No! That is how manipulation works" she exclaimed "He would prove himself worthy make you trust him then go away like he always does" she shouted.

I pressed my eyelids together for a while. She should just try to trust him. I mean he will never hurt me.

"How long?" She asked me to draw my thoughts.

"What?" I asked with a raised eyebrow.

"How long has this been going on?" she asked me again, her voice deep with anger.

"I don't know... I mean. I think since I got married not like we just jumped into bed but he became my friend and then we started seeing each other. Okay. I don't think I can call it an affair, um, we haven't had sex just kissing and smooching" I explained.

"That's a long time lia. I don't want anything bad to happen to you" she said.

"How is our Alpha taking it? I mean surely he must have noticed you guys' closeness. Is he okay with sharing with you?" She asked

I nodded "Yeah, he does not care about me only about himself and you know we are not mates"

"Even though he seems like a nice man he must have cared about you," she said. 

I shook my head. It seemed as if the pack did not know the type of wolf they had as an Alpha. I stood up and zipped down my dress to show the marks I sustained from him.

She gasped at the mark, and she ran her hand over my back. "Who did this to you?" She asked in a soft voice.

I turned towards her "Your Alpha" I said.

"Oh my gosh, this can't be true and why would he do such a thing?" she asked.

"Because he found out about my mate and it was my mate's friend that killed his father," he said.

She widened her eyes with shock as she covered her mouth. She stared at me, "Who is your mate?" She asked.

I swallowed hard ready to spill the truth "It is Finn, Finn from the bloodlust pack. The one that killed Dean's father" I explained.

"Seriously? What sought of fate do you have? Why would the moon goddess put you in such a tight condition?" she asked with concern, laced in her voice.

I shrugged as turned my back to zip my clothes "Maybe the moon goddess wants me to end Dean's life"

"What? End the Alpha's life? Don't let someone hear about this, not even your so-called Luca" she warned.

I nodded and turned to her "While Dean was tormenting me I passed out, I think I died and the moon goddess gave me the right to end Dean's life. If I don't do so our kind will suffer "I told her.

A smile curved on her lips and she burst into laughter "Were you hallucinating? I mean how would you see the moon goddess and be alive, you only see her when you die!" she shouted, hitting my head.

I glared at her with a serious face "Wait, you weren't joking?'' she asked. I shook my head in return.

Her eyes widened with disbelief "Wait you mean all this while when I have been here, you died and came back?" she asked.

"See it like a second chance" I replied to her and sat down. I wish I would just have one day where I would not do anything and I would not have to worry about Merlin or Dean or Luca or Finn.

"And what did your mate say?" she asked.

"He wants to take me next week, I have not made up my decision although Luca had made it clear that he would rather die than have my mate take me away from him he does not know of the one-week ultimatum though" I added.

She nodded "I feel you should tell him. It would be a good thing and just follow your heart, okay?"

I nodded "Okay"

Luca horned from outside indicating that he was back. "I have to go," I said.

"Come back before you go. It had been a long time since we spent time together and I kind of miss my friend, '' she said with a low voice.

My smile widened "Aww, don't worry I will come back" I said and hugged her before leaving.

As I stepped out of the house I made up my mind to tell Luca about Finn.

###chapter 45


Lia pov.

I stepped out of the house and went into Luca's car. Immediately I closed the car and his intoxicating smell hit my nostrils.

"How is he?" I asked buckling my seat belt.

"He's okay" he said "Same old" he added. I could feel his eyes on me.

Immediately he was sure that I had toked in my seat belt and he started driving. Uncomfortable silence filled the air, his shoulders tightened and his lips formed into a tight line which was unusual for Luca considering the fact that he was always carefree when he was driving.

Come to think about it, he was driving slowly instead of the usual Luca who drove about the normal speed limit.

I placed my hands on top of his hands that were on the gear "Are you okay?" I asked.

He nodded his eyes still focused on the road "Why?" He asked.

I shrugged "you seem quiet. Is everything alright?"
He tilted his head to my side and back to the road.

"I am fine. It just..is just that Merlin called me Dad today" he explained.

I sat up right trying to process whatever he just said "what?" I asked.

He nodded "Surprising right"he said as he made a u-turn on the road.

I cleared my throat "What did you say?" I asked with a low voice. Please don't tell me he broke his heart.

"I played along. He said Benedicta said I was his dad, and you were with me. Said you should visit more often so that he misses you" he said.

I knew my boy missed me and I missed him too, much more than I can explain. But spending time with him was a big risk I was not about to take, not after what just happened.

"Well just for further preference when you visit him let him know that I am not his dad"he said with a sharp voice.

I furrow my eyes. Why did he respond with such a tone? Was he angry? Did I do something to anger him? And why was he so bent on making me point it out to Merlin that he was not his dad?.

"Okay, but I think he will know that as time goes on" I said.

"No need for him to discover it. Just let him know that I am not his dad. I don't want him mixing me up with Dean. I don't want any of Dean's property" he retorted harshly.

Pain bottled in my chest. Was I a fool for trusting him and why was he being a two tongued person? He acts like he likes me,kisses me and he even almost had sex with me and just some minutes ago he was playing all Mr hero.

"He's my child Luca" I said, trying to pacify whatever anger was breeding within me.

He looked at me ,this time with a glare "Doesn't matter" he shrugged and focused on the road back.

"Have I done something?"

"Like what lia?" He asked even though he replied with a sharp glare he still called my name a little softer.

"I don't know. Anything that would make you treat me this way!"I shouted, my voice trembling with pain.

"I haven't touched you or treated you badly, I was just staring at you," he replied nonchalantly, cutting my heart deeply.

"Yes but you know you don't have to touch me to hurt me. Your words are doing just fine. You have saved my son, risked your life for me and even almost had your true identity exposed and almost had sex with me, in fact you touched me!" I shouted as tears filled my eyes why the hell was he doing this.

"I would have risked my life for my maid as long as I get her on my bed whenever I want. And plus maybe you grew up in a toxic environment. Gentlemen are normally nice to people, especially girls. Put that at the back of your mind the next time you mistake kindness for lust or love"he said nonchalantly. 

Tick silence filled the car as I watched him break my heart. He has given me reason countless times to not trust him. I was right,lexie was true, he was bad and selfish. 

"So you were just playing with my feelings all this while?" I asked.

He chuckled and licked his pink lips "Surprised right? You are surprised that you are not the only one who know how to play with people fucking emotions?" He shouted at me, his eyes darkened with anger.

"What do you mean? Are you trying to call me a player or trying to accuse me of being manipulative because you are the definition of a manipulative person. You act like you care while you don't!''I screamed on top of my voice.

"So you do not think you are not being manipulative?''he asked with an eerie quiet tone.

"Yes!" I screamed I was really done with him and his two faced personality.

"How about Finn? You never told me he was going or that he usually visits your room. Have you ever stopped for once to think of how I will feel when I discover that you  still reassured Finn that you were going to leave with him then a few minutes later you kiss me!" He shouted at me with a shaky voice. His vein throbbed from his forehead.

How did he find out? How did he know about Finn's secret visit?

"I was about to tell you" I implored in a pleading voice.

He quickly diverted the car to the side of the road, almost hitting the wall beside us. "When ? When were you going to tell me? When you were leaving with him for a day?"he asked.

"Just now. I promise you I told Lexie about it that I was going to tell you" I begged. His tone was scaring me a whole lot.

He glared at me then unblocked his seat belt and turned around to open my door. I watched him with wide eyes.

"Get out," he ordered.

"What?" I asked. He can't be doing this.

"I said get.out!" I remained in the car. He couldn't drop me on the road  in the middle of nowhere.

He grabbed my hands and pulled me out. He looked at me, his eyes softened for a while before it darkened again. He pulled out his wallet and dropped some money into it.

"It is either me or him when you are done picking, inform me till then goodbye. I am not a toy you play with because you need some masculine support or a masculine presence for you and your son!"he shouted and closed the door and drove off. Leaving me in the middle of nowhere with money and no cab in sight.

###chapter 46


Dean pov

I sat on my table flipping the documents containing this year's records. Now that Luca was in jail I had enough time to do whatever without thinking that anyone was planning my death.

Seriously, it is tiring. Having to watch your back every blessed day. I sighed deeply, I miss the time when we were just three brothers without any feud. Life was much more fun.

"Let me in!" Someone shouted at the door side.

I rolled my eyes in frustration. I have asked my bodyguards to make sure I am not disturbed. Who could that be?

"Dean!" Lorenzo shouted, his voice echoing around the floor. "Tell your mother fucking guards to let me in" he shouted banging the door.

I stood up and walked towards the door and opened it. "Let him in," I ordered.

The guards stood aside for him to come in. 
He entered inside and locked the door.

I furrowed my eyebrows and watched him turn to me. "We need to talk," he said, his voice filled with urgency.

As I walked towards my chair I said "Seriously, can't I have peace for once? Whatever you have to say, tell my guards Lorenzo. I have duties as an Alpha, not your best friend as an Alpha and I haven't touched any record because of what has been happening. Now that Luca is out can you hold out on every other emergency? They can wait"  I sighed deeply as I sat down leaning my back against the chair.

He scoffed "Except you do not want to remain the Alpha you would listen to me. You do know that Luca is not the only opposition you have, right? "He asked with a raised eyebrow.

I narrowed my eyes " What are you talking about?". To me,  the only enemy I had was Luca or at least he is the inky one that is a bad opposition. He wants my crown and he wants my whore of a Luna.

He stood up and went to the bar where my expensive collection of wines was arranged and poured tequila into a glass. He turned to me grimly as he watched the surprise on my face.

"Lorenzo" I warned sternly, he had better have something meaningful to say.

His grin widened, he took the wine in a gulp and I watched as his Adam's apple moved as the wine passed his throat. He squeezed his eyes slightly suppressing the harsh taste of the wine.

He poured another one and walked up to me "Well, for starters. Luca is awake" he announced.

My jaw dropped as I watched his face to see if he was lying or not "How do you know"

He dropped the half-filled glass on my seat and sat upright. "Well, I have been tracing Lia's movement. She seemed to be visiting a particular place so often so I went there to propose a truce"

"A truce?" I asked. "How can you propose a truce with Lia's friend? Why will you want it from her?"I asked. He remained silent, staring at me. I hated Lorenzo at times like this, especially when he had decided to drop the tip of information and let me figure it out myself.

My eyes narrowed. "Don't tell me you went to ask her for sex?"

He groaned and rolled his eyes. He rubbed his forehead. I could see annoyance building up within me " I have a mate!" he shouted, hitting his hands on my table. His eyes were red with anger.

I flinched at his outburst. Of course,  I knew he would never cheat on his mate. He was too smitten to cheat on her but then again who visits the best friend of his best friend's wife?

I shrugged "Well, what did you want me to say? You have never visited a lady's house except for business. So it was surprising that you visited her to form a truce" I explained.

His glare reduced as his eyebrow turned to normal. He took in a deep breath "It was not for her. I used her to draw Lia out of this place because according to you, Luca was gone. I thought it would be a perfect time to ask her if she could join hands with me"

I shook my head. Seriously, whatever he was saying did not make any sense. Why would he ask her to help him when he knew that she was neither a hybrid nor a witch?

"Why her?" I asked "And how does this lead to Luca being awake because for all I know.

"Well maybe you have not noticed but Sabrina has a soft spot for Lia. She had always protected her" he explained.

"Sabrina? The last time I checked Sabrina was on my side. She even forced Lia to go to her room" I have explained countering whatever he has just said. 

"Why did you put Luca in the cell and allow Lia to go?" He asked quietly.

"Well because she is a woman and beside Sabrina-

Then I remembered how Sabrina had vehemently advised me against putting her in the cell according to her she was a woman
Fuck! I have been fooled.

"On arrival, she came with Luca,  "he said.

My heart sank into my stomach. How did Luca get out? I groaned in anger. It only meant two things: either I had removed it while I was drunk, which was something I knew would never happen or Sabrina had helped her just as she helped me.

I looked at Lorenzo who had a mischievous smile on his face. He was getting satisfaction from watching me put things together.

"Well, when I got there I saw

He explained everything from beginning to end. Including the strange child and the disappearance.

"We need to add fast. I think the witches, particularly Sabrina, are on their side" he warned.

I sat up, "What do you want me to do?" I asked.

"Change"

I furrowed my eyebrows "Change?"

He nodded "Win lia over, is the only way out. Without Lia Luca will not be that motivated to go against you"


###chapter 47

Lia pov.

I managed to get home after Luca and I disagreed. I have never seen him this angry. The fact that he left me on the road explained how angry he was at me.

Immediately I opened my room door I pulled my clothes off and fell on the bed. My thoughts wandered back to what would have happened if Benedicta had not come in to save Merlin.

I close my eyes to part for Lexie's safety. She is a very sweet girl and does not deserve any of the stress I have put her through as a friend. Gosh! I need to get her out of Lorenzo's mind. He might come back for her later when I am not around. 

Just when I was about to sleep a knock came. Knock! Knock! Knock!

I groaned as I raised my tired body to open the door. Maybe it was Luca.

I opened my door to reveal my maid. She stood at the front of the door carrying some clothes with her head bowed "My lady may I come in"

I seriously wanted to close the door and sleep but then again it was not her fault. I stepped aside and watched her drop the clothes on my bed.

Not just clothes but royal decorative material with brackets and other royal things.

"What is the occasion?" I asked her as she separated the items on my bed.

"I don't know, Luna," she said quietly.

"Who sent you?" I asked with a stern voice. How would she say she did not know about the event? The maids were the first to get wind of any gossip.

I walked towards her calmly trying to detect if she was lying through her face.

"The Alpha asked the cooks to cook for a feast but we do not know what it's for. He has invited the whole park and he seems to be in a happy mood. That's all I know ma"  she said.

I took a good look at her, from her toes which were decorated with scandals to her hair which was packed in a bun. She bent her head down shyly. 

"You can go," I ordered.

She nodded and hastily left. I walked towards my bed. I picked up the purple velvet gown that he bought for me. It had red embroidery around the edges. It came with a gold crown and a black shoe.

Maybe if I asked Luca he would have an answer even though I knew that the probability of knowing was little.

Or maybe I  just wanted to talk to him. To see if he was still angry.

I knocked on his door twice before he opened. Immediately he saw that I was the one his face changed into a frown and my heart dropped immediately.

"What?" He asked so loudly that I grew cold feet. Was he this angry? He surely cannot blame me at all times when whenever I started getting close to him he would drop my hopes immediately.

"I came to see you, ''I replied quietly. He glared at me for a while before letting me in. I gasped at the sight of his room. Clothes were scattered everywhere, drawers flung open and luggage on top of his bed.

"Are you packing?" I asked. My voice sounded almost like a whisper. Was he leaving me? Just like that? That means if I had not come to his room he would have gone without a word.

"What does it look like I am doing?" He asked as he folded more of his clothes.

"And you did not bother telling me?

He rolled his eyes, one of his hands rested on his waist while the other rubbed his head. Irritation filled his face.

"Why should I tell you? Are you my wife or my lover?" He asked, shattering my heart once more.

I would have stayed in my room and just wallowed in self-pity till sleep took over me
 Instead, I came here expecting him to do what? Beg me? Because he gave me some heads and kissed me a few times or told me he loved me even though I was his cousin's wife. Someone he despised so much.

Tears filled my eyes. I took in a deep shaky breath as I tried to stop the tears from falling.

He looked at me and his eyes softened for a while before they retook the dark eyes "If you came here to cry please. leave " he ordered with a cold voice.

I gathered whatever dignity I had left and walked towards the door. Just as I was about to open the door he called.

"Lia," he called softly. I paused for a while, and my heartbeat quickened. I could feel his eyes boring into the back of my neck as he made his way towards me.

Goosebumps filled my skin as warmth crept within me. What was he going to do? What was he going to say?

"Turn around" 

I was meant to be angry and stand my ground. You can't just treat me like trash and expect me to fall at his feet whenever he needs someone to warm his bed. But I foolishly turned around.

He leaned towards me and pressed my body against it till there was no space left.
He stared at me with warm blue eyes, and my heartbeat fastened. His masculine Cologne filled the air.

"I will be gone for a few days. Just make sure you are safe" he said quietly and pecked me on my cheeks.

He stared at me for a while before he stepped backward. 

"You have this whole time to make up your mind," he said in a more pleading voice.

I nodded. I opened my mouth to say something. Say I would willing to choose him over everything but I closed it and left

###chapter 48
Lia pov.

A few minutes later Luca's door opened and then closed and he was gone but all I found myself thinking about was what he said before he left. How his voice sounded so weak because even if I knew he did not say please he was indirectly pleading with me to not leave him.

I tossed around my bed as our few cherished memories replayed in my head. Unlike Finn who just came in here to remind me of who he was. Finn was my mate for sure and I was bound to feel emotionally or sexually drawn to but all I could find myself thinking about was how he would have treated me if I was his mate.

He would have probably killed me, unlike Luca who would do everything within his grasp to make sure I was happy. Finn simply viewed our bond as a business deal. He cannot lose because of me that is why he killed my Alpha in my place.

I wanted Luca, I wanted him so badly. I wanted him inside me, wanted to feel the heat of his mouth against my nipples. Memories of our last encounter flooded my mind and sent strange warmth to the bottom of my belly and between my toes.

A knock on my door disrupted me from my thoughts. I groaned in frustration. Who could that be and what did he want from me now?

"Come in!" I shouted, too tired to stand up and open the door. 

Of course, it would be the maid  I would ask her to wash some of my clothes but then the door opened revealing a sweaty shirtless Dean.

What the hell was he doing here? And why was he here like this dressed in grey sweatpants? What was he trying to do? seduce me? Eww, bile welled up in my tummy at the thought of it.

"Like what you see?" He asked with raised eyebrows.

I rolled my eyes "You need to get rid of that pickup line. It is getting old. Don't you think? "I asked sharply. Making him know that I was not impressed by whatever he was trying to do.

He smiled a little bit, " That does not answer my question," he replied lazily.

I sat upright. "Well, if it was Luca it would have been a dream come true but it is you so no need" I replied.

A glint of anger passed through his eyes and I smiled satisfied at what I just did. He needed to know that there was no place for him within me.

He cleared his throat " That's my cousin we are talking about "he replied casually trying to hide his anger which was evident in his tightened muscles.

I shrugged " Well I am a whore" I replied using his words against him "What would you expect?" I asked.

He swallowed hard, and a moment of silence passed through us. Each second my irritation grew larger. "What do you want, husband?" I asked with a smile, a smile that was evident enough for everyone to know it was fake.

A smile tugged on his lips "At least you remember that I am your husband. May I sit?" He asked

I nodded and tapped my side for him to sit.
"We will be having a party this evening," he said.

I nodded "Well, I have already figured that out" I replied trying to sound happy and not over bored.

"Good. I want you to put in your best outfit and come to the party without any grudges toward me" he said lowly

I nodded, unsure of what he meant by "Without any grudge toward me". Oh, mean why would he think I would not have a grudge against him after what he did?

" Okay, I will try to act like a good couple. Although you should not blame me if my facial expression acts otherwise" I replied.

A smile tugged at the side of his lips "Good. I sent you some clothes. I am sure you have gotten them," he said and stood up to leave.

"Wait. I am not comfortable with the clothes. I want to put on something that will show my shape and beauty" I said, turning around for him to see me.

"Something that will show my back a little and will show the marks on my body, "I said teasingly.

His eyes darkened with strange emotions. Maybe it was annoyance or guilt. Although I was very certain that someone like that would feel guilt.

"Please," he added.

My jaw dropped as my eyes widened. Did he just say please? Then the realization hit me suddenly. He was up to something. Something that I would not know until the party.

I decided to play along by nodding slightly "Okay" I said.

His eyes brightened, he nodded with a smile and left. Immediately he closed the door behind him. I let out a sigh and moved quickly to lock the door in case he came to show his confusing face again in front.

I rushed back to the clothes he had sent my maid to deliver to me. I searched thoroughly for a trace. Something that would tell me he had evil intentions against me. Like maybe he poisoned the cloth because this man wanted me dead just a week ago. Surely he can't just fall in love with me and want me to put everything aside.

He surely had a motive but what could that motive be? I asked myself.

The sound of my phone interrupted my thoughts. I rushed towards it. It was an unknown number. Who could this be? I asked myself as I picked up the call.

"Hello, gorgeous," the caller said.

I furrowed my eyebrows. Was this a trick or something? Who sits down and calls someone gorgeous?

"Who is this?"

"Ouch, thought you would recognize your mate," the caller said.

My heart dropped for a minute "Finn?" I asked.

"Yes, love. I heard they would be having a party at your palace today. Just wanted to ask if you would spare me just a few minutes to dance with you?" He asked.

"Don't be ridiculous, Finn. I don't have time for that. What do you want?"I asked.

"Nothing. Just a dance with you" he replied with a teasing tone and hung up before I could reply.

I groaned, can a day be more hectic?


###chapter 49

Lia pov.

Hours passed by and the most anticipated moment came. I finished taking my bath and watched as two maids dressed me. Dean had sent two other people to dress me up. Which was strange. Maybe he was expecting a very important person or maybe the moon goddess was paying a visit. Whatever he had in mind remained a mystery to me.

I watched as they did my makeup carefully and wore my accessories. Ava, one of the maids, took out the necklace from the jewelry box and wore it on my neck.

It felt heavy, too heavy to wear with an already suspicious husband. If need be I needed to be as light as I could in case he decided to kill me.

"Remove it. It's too heavy" I complained, trying to remove it on my own.

"Sorry, but you can't. Alpha Dean had made us promise that you would wear everything he sent to you" she replied.

A hiss escaped my mouth. What the hell was he trying to do?

I turned to her "Well as your Luna I am telling you to remove it" I said with a stern voice. 

The room fell silent with my outburst. Ava flinched at my outburst.

"But- she began.

" Don't make me repeat myself," I replied. She removed it quickly and put it back into the box.

"You can go," I ordered.

She stared at me with surprise and I returned with a glare. She bowed her head and left.

The rest finished their work in complete utter silence making sure they followed my instructions.

The door opened revealing a well-dressed Dean. Everyone bowed their heads except me. 

"Are you done with the makeup?" he asked my servant. She nodded and he dismissed them leaving only me and him in the room.

"What do you want?" I asked Dean while putting on my shoe since he had decided to dismiss all my maids.

"I heard you refused to put on the jewelry I sent to you. So I brought you a much lighter customized diamond according to your taste" he said and placed it on the front of my dressing table.

I opened the box. A gasp escaped my mouth at the sight of the jewelry. It looked so beautiful with my name spelled on it.

"Do you like it?" he asked.

Did I like it? Yes. Was I going to tell him that I loved it? No. Why? Because it would mean that I had decided to accept whatever truce he was offering.

"Well, it is impressive but it doesn't mean I like it. Though I would love to keep it" I replied.

A smile crept to his lips "Good" he said and added. "Now that you are done with your dressing. Can we go?" He asked.

I furrowed my eyebrows. Since when did we start arriving at parties together? What would Finn think if he saw me and him like this? Looking all happy. Would he get jealous? No, he would not. He knew that he could be killed. My mind went back to Luca. I was pretty sure that if he was here he would do something to make everyone know that I belonged to him. A smile crept on my lips at the thought of his possessiveness.

"May I know what is occupying the mind of my beloved wife?"Dean asked.

I stood up and walked towards the door. His sweet words were like stinging my ear. " Your cousin" I replied and watched his reaction. His eyes darkened, his jaw clenched but he did a good job by trying to keep a blank face.

I stretched forth my hands towards me "Shall we?" I asked. He glared at my hands before taking it.

His guards and maid followed us at our back as we made our way towards the hall. The crowd's shouts increased as we walked in. We both waved our hands to them.

Then the eerie feeling crept in. The hair at the back of my neck stood, and goosebumps crept into my body. Someone was watching me or rather, Finn was watching me.

We sat in our seats beside each other. Dean kept his hands enclosed in mine throughout the time and it caused me great difficulty to move or do anything.

I leaned towards his ear and whispered "You are making me feel uncomfortable" I replied.

He smiled his attention still on the wonderful dancers who were entertaining us. "You are my wife lia, a fact you seem to have forgotten so I will do everything to remind you of it even if it means holding your hands throughout the event. You need to get that infatuation you feel towards Luca away" he replied harshly.

I scoffed and smiled. Whatever he was trying to do was not going to get to me. 

"If this is your attempt to deceive me into thinking that you are jealous. Then I would love to tell you that you have failed drastically" I replied.

He tightened his grip around me. Sooner than later the dancers stopped dancing and they started playing classical music.

He took my hands and led me to the dance floor. My feet grew cold as all the eyes fell on me.

He wrapped his arm around my waist and drew me closer to himself. "What are you trying to do?" I asked him.

"Trying to win my wife over," he said with a smile. An uneasy feeling crept into my core.

We danced for a while, and everyone's eyes rested on us. Then he drew me closer and whispered.

"I don't give two fucks about whatever is going on between you and Luca but it has to stop. If it does not stop I will have his neck for it. You are my wife and it is time you start performing your duty and that includes bearing my kids' 'he whispered harshly.

I chuckled a little to hide the anger that was building within me.

Immediately the songs stopped. I walked towards my seat without wasting any more time. I raised my eyes and it locked with Finn down.

I groaned in frustration and took a glass of wine from the servant.

My heartbeat increased, and anger welled up within me. How dare he threaten me with Luca's life.

"May I talk to you?" he said and dragged my hands towards the door. As he dragged me my head started spinning, his arms wrapped around my waist. "Easy girl. I need you to be alive. I like loud lively moans" he whispered against my ear and at that moment I knew that I had been drugged.

###chapter 50


Lia pov

Easy girl. I need you to be awake. I like loud lively moans" Dean whispered against my ear his voice was filled with loathe.

Cold crept into my feet, and my heartbeat increased faster than I expected. I tried to free myself from his grip but he tightened his grip around my waist and his nails dug painfully into my skin.

"Let me go, you fucking bastard," I said lowly which annoyed me because I wanted to shout but it came out as a whisper.

He chuckled before he drew me to himself, he raised my chin with his two middle fingers making me look at him. "Did you think I was joking about you having babies for me?" He asked with a chill emotionless voice. His alcoholic breath hit my nose making me look away.

How the hell did I have a child for him? I knew if I did not leave now there would be no going back and besides my eyelids were getting heavier and I felt like a sack of sand. Too heavy to walk alone.

Fuck! Each time Luca was not around something always happened to me. And I was always helpless. If I did not act fast he would have his way with me and no one, not even Finn, would save me. The only person who could do that had traveled.

He resumed walking me to his room when one of the guests came, "Alpha dean!" He shouted.

He was an Alpha from another pack. "How is your Luna feeling?" He asked. I wanted to tell him that I was not fine and that he was about to rape me but then again my mouth felt too heavy. 

And even if I talked to them they would not even believe me because he was my husband he had the right to have me at any time he wanted without any sort of refusal.

He called a guard to come "Take her to the room" he said. The guard nodded and walked me to his room and locked me inside.

I dragged whatever energy I had within me and went to the bathroom. I stuck my two middle fingers into my throat for a while until all my food rushed down to the toilet together with the wine.

Did it help? Maybe a little bit. But I still felt sleepy. I flushed the toilet before he could come and sat on the bed, gradually sleeping helped me. I fell on the bed.

A few minutes or hours later my eyes opened. My head was banging seriously and for a moment my vision was blurry. Then everything reduced gradually and then the memories of the few hours ago played around my head.

Panic spread through me. I quickly stood up searching around me. A sigh of relief escaped me when I looked at my clothes and they were still intact. My eyes glanced around the room, I saw a dagger by the side of the bed and picked it up, shoving it into my pocket.

The door opened and Dean walked inside. He glanced at me and licked his lips before he closed the door. I sat up watching him as he took off his shirt.

He walked towards me "You are such an obedient girl. You managed to stay awake just like I ordered" he said with a dirty smirk.

Bile welled up within me at the sound of his voice. He was so irritating. "You would be a bastard if you think I would let you touch me"

He narrowed his eyes to me. Confusion watched his face then it washed away replacing it with a blank face. Fear crept into me. His eyes darkened "Well, for starters" he said pulling his trousers "My father is dead so I am practically a bastard" he said with a smile and said, "How the hell are you lucid?" He asked me.

I shrugged and got up "This is not going to happen," I said trying to control whatever suicidal emotions within me because if we were sincere I wanted to kill him. right now like slit his throat.

Immediately I walked past him and he grabbed my arms and dragged me back, shoving me on the bed.

"I am your husband and I am going to do anything I want to do with you" he growled as he let go of his boxers leaving him fully naked.

He moved towards his drawer and opened one of his drawers. A gasp escaped me at the sight of what I saw. handcuffs, belts, vibrators, and other sexual material. A shiver ran through my spine.

If I allow him to handcuff me then I will be powerless and have nothing to do. I immediately brought out the knife and pointed it towards him.

He scoffed when he saw what I did. He did not feel touched by the incident. "Don't do something stupid. If that knife touches me I am going to be more brutal than I want to be" he warned, his eyes growing darker.

I tightened my grip on the knife. I held onto it like I held it into my knife. He threw his handcuffs into his bed. He advanced towards me, completely naked. I rolled my eyes in disgust. Luca's dick was bigger than his.

"If you come close I am going to cut you" I warned even though my voice was shaky I tried to be bold. My heartbeat fastened as he advanced towards me. Immediately my skin touched the cold wall I knew I was done for.

He stood right in front of me with a grin "Do it lia, stab me" he ordered.

In that position, I knew I could not stab him. I did not have the mind or whatever it took to stab him.

He slowly took the knife from me and threw it on the bed. He grabbed me by my arms and threw me on his bed.

Gosh! This can't be happening. Tears flowed freely from my eyes.

Bang!Bang! Someone was trying to open his door. He stopped on track and hissed in anger. "Raphael tells that person that the Alpha is busy," he said.

There was no response. Using the opportunity. I shouted, "Somebody help me!" He glared at me covering my mouth with a large palm.

Bang! And the door flew open. A familiar scent hit me, it was Luca. His blue eyes met mine for a while and I smiled with gratitude. He smiled back before he advanced on Dean and drove his fist into him.

"How dare you touch her!" He shouted. As he advanced he drove more blows into his face. Dean fell on the floor.

He advanced towards me and carried me in bridal style towards his room and laid me on his bed.

###chapter 51


Luca pov.

I had left my phone on recording mode and left it with Lia. I overheard all their conversation. Anger welled up at the thought of her finding it difficult to know who she belonged to. Even though I told her I would not let her mate,  even though all I had done was to protect her from my brothers and enemies.

To make matters worse Merlin called me his father and I can swear my heart melted at the thought of being Merlin's dad. My heart melted at the thought of owning Lia and everything she had.

It was easy for me. Even if they had told me to choose between my mate and her I would gladly choose her. However, I felt a pang of pain when I discovered that she was not my mate because I was drawn to her rather than Jenny, my mate.

To cool off whatever ache within me I decided to go and visit my mother's mother or Sabrina. Anybody that would help me nurse my wounded heart.

When she had knocked on my door I had made up my mind to act like I did not care. To make her afraid of losing me just like the way I was afraid of losing her and trust me it was working until water gathered her eyes and I knew I had hurt her more than I wanted to.

I just had to pacify her. Then I walked away. I was on my way to the outskirts of the pack when Sabrina texted me telling me to come to her house. It is very urgent to read the text message.

I knocked on her door twice before she opened it. She was wearing a blue long-sleeve gown with her usual necklace made of coral beads. She smiled at me and stepped aside for me to come in.

I breezed in with my normal pride "What is it you wanted to tell me that was so urgent" I asked impatiently. It irritated me that  I was still in this place.

She smiled and walked towards the kitchen and returned with a cup of tea. I glared at her then at the tea "On a scale of one to ten, how much poison did you put into this tea?"I asked her.

She smiled and sat down on her couch "You are still useful to me so don't be afraid. By the way, where are you going?" she asked.

I shrugged and sat on her chair "Going to meet my grandmother"

She smiled "Awwn, is there trouble at Love Island?" She asked.

I rolled my eyes in disgust. Of course, she knew I quarreled with Lia. "What do you want?" I asked her.

"Nothing, just want you to go back to the palace," she said with a stern voice.

I raised my eyebrow. Don't tell me she called you just to tell me to go to the palace. Why did she not tell me on the phone or maybe she knew I was not going to obey her? Witches are a pain in my ass. "Why should I?" I asked her with nonchalance. 

She smiled as she sipped her tea making a throaty noise "You haven't drunk your tea" she said gesturing at the filled cup that I had laid on her table. "Are you still afraid that I am going to poison you?'' she added, her voice laced with teasing.

I pressed my lips together stopping myself from spilling whatever I had in mind. I looked at my wristwatch, impatience was rumbling within me. I took the tea and sipped a little.

"Sabrina," I called sternly. She raised her eyebrow in feigned ignorance. I rolled my eyes in anger.

"Lovers do quarrel. It does not mean you would treat her like trash and leave. Your brother is holding a party for her and I promise you that if you don't get there early. You are going to blame yourself for whatever happened, "she warned.

"First we are not lovers and if you are talking about lia. Dean is her husband he can do whatever he wants with her" I replied nonchalantly even though it felt forbidden to call Dean her husband.

And I cared so much for whatever he did to her but I was not a toy or a bodyguard to her. I needed her to value my presence to appreciate it.

She smiled at me "We both know that is a lie." She said I hated the fact that she was telling the truth. "Well, if you don't Lia might end up getting raped by your cousin or even get killed" she added and watched my reaction.

My jaw tightened at the thought of coming back and discovering that Lia was dead or that she was raped by Dean. My reaction would be bloody. I might as well kill him.

I glared at her "If you happen to be lying I would kill you with my own hands" I warned as I stood up.

A little chuckle escaped her lips. "You can't harm me." She said and opened the door for me.

I glared at her once more before I entered my car and drove away. I sped up towards the palace. I met a large crowd outside eating and drinking.

Everyone created a path for me as I entered. Of course, everyone knew how brutal I could be or maybe they still saw me as the forbidden one who killed their Luna. Either way, it was their business and not mine.

I beckoned Ava one of Lia's maids. "Where is your Luna?" I asked.

"She went with the Alpha to his room" she informed me, fear lacing her voice, her shoulders tightened with hesitation.

"What are you hiding? Tell me, I won't tell anyone" I said.

"She was drunk. She went with the Alpha to his bed" she said.

I nodded and left her advancing towards the Dean's room. His bodyguards stood there. I tried to knock but they stopped me. 

"The Alpha is busy with his Luna," he said with triumph in his voice. I smiled, he has always been a loyal twat.

I brought out my knife and stabbed one, then I snapped Raphael's neck.

"Help!" Lia screamed. My desperation increased. The door was tightly locked. I kept on hitting the door with my full weight until it opened.

Blood filled my vision at the sight. Lia was lying on the bed with tear-stained eyes with a naked Luca. He was obviously forcing himself on her.

She smiled when she saw me and at that moment all the anger I had toward her washed away. It was replaced with anger, I made up my mind that the next time he would do such a thing I would kill him. I don't care how the pack would see me.


###chapter 52


Lia pov

Luca placed me carefully on his bed. He stared at me for a while, my heartbeat increased as his dark blue eyes bored into my soul. His eyes dropped to my lips as his eyes darkened. I licked my dry lips. His shoulder tended at my gesture. I prayed within me that he would just put everything behind me and kiss me.

"Fuck!" He cursed under his breath as his eyes drew from mine. He dropped his head in the crook of my neck. His hot breath fanned my neck, sending shivers down my spine. 

"Did he touch you?" He asked his head still on my neck. 

"Answer me lia" he pleaded quietly and planted a soft kiss on my neck.

I shook my head carefully, afraid of what he might snap out of this moment.

"Words lia, words" he growled.

"No, but he almost did. '' I answered quietly. He remained quiet, taking in my scent. My body grew warm with anticipation. He started planting kisses from my neck back to my lips. He stopped at the corner of my lips and raised his head a little bit. The space between us was so small that if I raised my head just a little bit his lips would meet with mine.

Our gaze locked with each other screaming a strange feeling of lust, desire, and love. No, not love. We have not even gotten there. He was still angry with me; he was just acting on his impulse.

He did not want me, he only wanted someone to be his bed even though a feeling within me knew whatever he said was not true.

His lips touched mine as warmth spread through my body. I shivered at how soft his lips felt on mine. How could I get over these soft lips? His tongue lingered around my lips for a while begging for entrance. I parted my lips slightly and he rushed inside roughly filled with a mixture of lust and anger.

I wrapped my arms around his neck and snaked my hands around his hair, he groaned as my hands grappled his air. Then he stopped, and I could feel the tension rising. His breathing reduced.

Then he stood up immediately, a cold laced my body replacing the warmth that I had felt earlier on. I groaned in frustration as I sat up. He stared at me intensely.

"Are you hurt?" He asked with concern.

"I am fine," I replied curtly.

An awkward silence existed between us. He just sat on his table, his eyes fixed on me. I just looked at him with expectation.

Then his words started repeating himself before me. 

I would risk my life for a maid as long as I could get her on my bed anytime I wanted. Gentlemen are normally kind to people, put that at the back of your mind the next time you decide to mistake kindness for love or lust. 

He was just being kind. I repeated in my mind. I searched around in case I had forgotten something. I had to go before he would shamelessly order me to get out.

I looked at him once more "Thank you" I mumbled and stood up to leave his room.

"Where do you think you are going to go?" He asked stopping me on my track. What was he expecting? For me to wait till he rubbed it off on my face that I was an whore.

"I am going before you ask me to get out. Just preserving my little dignity" I replied.

He swallowed hard before his eyes landed on mine. His eyes softened with remorse "I was angry and you know it" he said softly.

I shrugged "Oh really. It seems the men in the Attics family always spilled out things when they were angry. Whether it be his cousin or the Alpha himself" he glared at me. 

I knew I had annoyed him with whatever I just said but I was tired of being tossed around and each cousin calling me a whore. The only difference was that Dean outrightly called me a whore, while Luca indirectly called me a whore.

"Don't ever compare me to Dean because we are not the same," he warned.

I maintained eye contact with him. "Oh really, because the last time I checked. He directly called me a whore while you indirectly called me one. The bottom line is that the both of you don't respect me, you just see me as a tool to use against your cousin while he sees me as a common piece that he can easily rape!" I shouted at his face.

"I would have had you a long time ago if I was Dean, trust me" he replied with some sort of pride.

Anger mixed with frustration welled up within me. "Then what is stopping you? I asked with a daring tone.

I seriously did not know what I was doing, one minute I was angry and the next minute I was daring him to bed me.

He stood up making me stare at him, he pointed at my chest with his middle finger and for some reason, just the idea of his middle finger trapped in between my chest warmed me up. "You, lia. You. Until you choose me I am not going to lay my hands on you no matter how hard I want to"

I stepped backward to take in his words. There was no time hiding it or thinking about it "I chose you" I said.

A glint of joy passed through his eyes before he replaced it with a frown "You are saying this because you are horny" he replied.

"No, Luca. I mean every bit of what I just said. I have always wanted you" I replied.

I expected him to reply to me back or kiss me or take me to bed and fuck me till I lose my voice instead he asked me.

"What do you want?"

"You"

He shook his head "I mean what do you want to do with Dean who almost raped you?" He explained.

Adrenaline rushed within me at the thought of what would have happened if he was not here.

I looked at him back, this time my voice was filled with determination. "I want his head"


###chapter 53


Dean's pov.

I watched as Lorenzo threw his glass at the wall. The glass scattered on the floor. He turned to me, his nostrils flared with anger, his eyes were red and his veins throbbed out of his head.

"Why do you always have to scatter everything?" He shouted at me. I rolled my eyes, it wasn't my fault that Lia was that attractive. My plan had been normal just to woo her into confiding in me.

But it was a long risky process,  plus I wasn't even sure she would ever trust me because I almost killed her and caused her much pain.

When I went to see her yesterday afternoon she kept comparing me with Luca. He is better in bed, he is this, he is that, Aggh! It was getting into my head.

To make matters worse she was staring at me with those pink-filled lips and all I could imagine was her perfect full lips around my cock. Taking my whole length in and licking the cum of me and I knew this was not possible so I tried another way. I wonder why Lorenzo was angry, I mean he also forced himself into his mate's life.


I shrugged "I don't see why you are angry. I was just trying to have sex with my wife" I replied, playing with the black pen in my hand.

We were currently in my office. After that wanker called Luca left with Lia I locked my door. I knew Lorenzo would be next and I did not have time for his lecture. I had bruises all over my face. I did not need his old-school lecture.

"You were trying to rape her Dean!" He shouted, slamming his hands on my table. "You fucking spiked her drink. How did you want her to feel tomorrow? I made myself clear to win her over not make her hate you"

I shook my head and gulped down my drink "She kept on comparing me with Luca even if she had not had sex with me. I just wanted her to have a taste of me to see if he will still have her within his grasp"

"Have you gone mad?" He asked, his voice laced with utter disbelief.

I shook my head and stood up walking towards him "Nah, I am just tired of trying to win her over. If Luca had not interrupted us I would have been able to fuck some sense into her" I said with a smile.

He glared at me intensively, he curled his hands into a fist and drove it into my cheek. I staggered for a while "Everything does not have to involve sex Dean"

I straightened up even though my jaw was screaming in pain. I could confidently say I had received enough blows for this week. My face was already swollen. How would I face my people with this sort of face?

"That's where you are wrong, Enzo. She is wrapped around his finger because he is good in bed. She is an immature whore. If she had me she would know there is a great difference"

He looked at me with disgust. I heaved a sigh and raised my hands in submission "Fine I was wrong but it was not entirely my fault. I'm sorry" I said.

He glared at me once more "That should be for Lia and not me " he corrected. I nodded my head.

I knew I had fucked up but I seriously wanted Lia. Even though it would make her my lifetime enemy. Wanted to see what was so special about her that made Luca act this way. He fucking killed my bodyguard to save her. Luca had never been this protective even with  Jenny, his mate. 

"What do we do?" I asked with an exhausted tone.

Lorenzo shook his head "I don't know. Seriously, you got everything so fucked up. Maybe you can try striking an alliance with Sabrina"

A little laughter escaped my mouth "Seriously, the only alliance Sabrina wants is for the witches to live with us" I pointed out.

"Then maybe you could just allow them" I rolled my eyes. "Think about it Dean, she is the only leverage they have against us. If we have her on our side we can win" he explained.

"Well, no. The witches hate us and could kill us if we allow them. Betrayal flows in their vein" I said and added "Besides Luca wants my woman, not my throne"

Lorenzo laughed "That is the dumbest thing you have said since I knew you"

I knew, but did he want my throne? He has never claimed my throne any day. He wanted me dead for his mate and then for Lia but never on my throne.

"Look, Dean, we need the witches on your side," he said in a more serious tone.

I nodded "I know-

A knock on the door interrupted our discussion. Lorenzo rolled his eyes to suppress his anger.

"Come in," I ordered.

A guard came inside with a letter. "Who sent it?" I asked. I was not expecting any letter.

"It is from Finn," the guard said.

Immediately he called Finn's name Lorenzo and snatched the letter from his hands. He quickly opened it.

"You can go," I told the guard.

We stared at the letter and read it together.

"I know you are aware of the fact that your Luna is my mate and I wish to take her as soon as possible considering the marks you have inflicted on her. For the next three days take care of her and make sure that she is alright. If you aren't prepared to make countless wolves, hybrids, and witches your enemy.
                                        Yours sincerely
                                          Finn"

Lorenzo smiled at me and said "The game is about to begin"

###chapter 54

Dean pov

Lorenzo smirked "Let the game begin"

I furrowed my eyebrows and asked, "What do you mean by let the game begin?" I asked.

"Can't you see that final arrival would be in our favor?" He asked.

I shook my head. If he meant his taking my wife would be in his favor, then I was not interested. It would be an insult to our park, and it might lead to war.

I can order him to reject her, although that was near impossible because he was an Alpha, plus it would be inhuman to order someone to reject his mate.

"It would weaken Luca's thirst against us, and we will be in power once again," Lorenzo implied.

I shook my head. "If you think I am going to let Lia go just like that, then you would be joking," I said without mincing words.

Lorenzo's face turned blank. "Why?"

I shrugged as I walked back to my seat. "She is my wife; if she goes, the pack would be without a Luna, which is not good for the pack," I explained.

Luna grabbed a chair and sat on the chair "Who told you that the absence of a Luna is bad for the park?" He asked.

"Look-" I began

"Your mother died and the park ruled just fine. No one was affected except her immediate family"

Whatever he said was true, but I was looking at the future harm it might cause the park. 

Luca might decide to fight back and even attack the park. He was a restless rogue, and he had killed Lia. He would not bother to kill more for her.

And the idea of lia being with Finn did not sit down with me. He had a rough way of living. I agree that all wolves are rogue but his own was worse. 

"Except you have started falling for her," Lorenzo said, his eyes narrowed to a split.

I sighed as I rubbed my heels with my hands. How the hell did I end up with someone this stupid? How would he think I was falling for her?

Irritation laced my face. "Eww, why would you say such a thing? I am thinking about the park security and nothing else," I replied, admonishing his thoughts.

I could never fall for Lia. She was annoying, always finding a way to crawl into my skin. Either by disobeying me or by reminding me of how incompetent I was compared to Luca.

I never knew she was that into Luca until yesterday when she managed to rub all her fantasies on my face. 

I wonder how Luca managed to win the hearts of girls into being faithful to him. Every girl I tried to get close to always saw me as a means to an end.

To either become the Luna OE or gain favor from my father for her father. 

My mind raced back to Lia's full pink lip. My groin increased in anticipation. I was going to have her before Finn took her away, even if it meant harming Luca.

"Dean!Dean!" Lorenzo called but it sounded far off.

He tapped my hands bringing me back to reality, making me flinch a little bit. "Did you hear what I said?" He asked, his voice laced with excitement.

I shook my head as I sat up and faced him. "Sorry, what did you say?"I asked.

He narrowed his eyes. "What were you thinking about?"

I was thinking about how I was going to make Lia give in to me willingly. Was I going to tell him? No.

"Nothing," I said with a finality tone.

He watched me for a while before he began "I was thinking about forming an alliance with Sabrina against Luca" 

I groaned in frustration. He was always seeking the help of the witches knowing fully well that they hated us. They almost killed my parents.

Allying with Sabrina would be the dumbest idea.

"Listen to me. We still have three days to rub it off on Luca's face that Finn is going to take his lover. We would instigate him into fighting with Finn. And we all know that he is a rogue. Finn will come with his armed men, and together we will kill him," he explained.

I nodded. It was a perfect idea. But then again, that was not what I wanted. If I could make Luca surrender without killing him I would happily do that. He was my cousin after all.

And before Jenny came into the picture, we were good friends. I knew he would retaliate if Finn took her. Maybe I would stab him for a week or more.

"What if he does not fight with Finn? I mean Luca is a cunning person. You can't know his next move. He might want Lia, but he would take her in another way," I said.

"If he does not fight him then it would be a good course. After all, he does not want your throne." He said with a shrug.

My eyes fell on the letter. I took it and smiled at Lorenzo. He returned the smile knowing my next move.

I stood up and made my way to Lia's room. I was sure he had dropped her there. Lorenzo followed me to my back.

I knocked on Lia's door, but there was no response. I knocked again before moving to Luca's door.

Anger filled me at the thought of seeing them together, but then again, I was holding greater news.

I knocked on the door. Luca half opened the door. He was wearing sweatpants but had a bare chest.

He narrowed his eyes "What do you want?" He asked.

A smile tugged my lips. I stretched forth the letter. He glared at the letter and then at me.

"What is this?" He asked with anger.

"A Letter from your lover's mate," I replied.

He glanced at me and then at the letter. His jaw clenched.

He took the letter and banged the door against me.

Lorenzo tapped my shoulders. "Step one is done".

###chapter 55
Luca's pov

When I asked Lia what she wanted. I thought she was going to tell me to stab Dean or make him pay or maybe wait till he got his mate but what she told me today surprised me a lot. Not in a bad way. In a good way, I was proud of her.

It was really surprising that she had requested his head" she said.

A gasp escaped my mouth but I quickly shielded it. It would grow her ego if she found out that she managed to make me.

"What?" I asked in a whisper. My hands were on my waist as I walked to her.

She stared at me with her blue eyes, and for some stupid reason, the sight of her eyes caused warmth to the bottom of my belly.

She opened her mouth again to spill out the formidable word "I want his head" she said again.

"I want him to suffer for trying to rape me, for trying to kill me or even killing me while you were away. For inflicting injury on me for no reason" she added her voice filled with disgust and rage.

"But he is your son's father. If we kill him your son can't lay claim to the throne" I explained trying to make her see reasons with me.

I knew if she begged me she would convince me to do it even though I did not want to. Up until now, I have never thought of killing Dean. Even when he killed my mate, I saw it as collateral damage, a quick escape so I killed his mother instead.

And even when I had the power to kill him I did not. For example, I did not drag the white stake out of his head. 

If I did he would die and part of me did not want that. He was my cousin and a good friend before Jenny's incident and I did not sum up for becoming an Alpha.

I would never qualify to be one. To the pack, I was a rogue, and rogues don't become Alpha except they found their group of rogues and decided to head them.

I can't also become an Alpha with my hybrid nature. They would see me as forbidden.

" That does not matter. He has never been in Merlin's life and besides Merlin now sees you as his father" she added in a more convincing tone.

When Merlin called me father, I was not angry even if I appeared to be angry before Lia. I was happy.

It made me want to be a dad. He might have had a striking resemblance with Dean but he had our family eyes and hair.

I shook my head "If he dies the pack will have no ruler" 

She stood up to me, her warm body coming in contact with my cold body. "You can be the pack leader," she said as she moved her hands towards my chest.

In moments like this, thinking was impossible, not when her hands were crawling around my chest, not when she stopped at my nipple and gave it a tight squeeze.

She moved her hands to my shoulders and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. "Think about it. You as my Alpha and the Alpha of the people and me as your Luna" she whispered slowly.

Nothing pleased my ear than me being her Alpha and her being my Luna. 

"I would think about it," I said with a growl.

A smile tugged her lips "Good boy" 

What the hell! Did she just call me a good boy? If I was in my normal sense, I would be angry. I was not a boy, I was a man and it sounded belittling.

But coming from Lia, it had another impact on my body and my brain. My cock was getting bigger and all I found myself thinking about was bending her over and fucking the hell out of her.

My eyes moved to her full pink lips and I fought the urge to go away. But I knew I would not be able to.

I was already filled with desire and lust. I groaned and moved my eyes away. We were talking about something serious.

Such a thing was not meant to happen. "Luca," she called out in a low voice.

"Yes," I answered, looking at her eyes and not her whole face so that I wouldn't find myself wanting to kiss her again.

"Kiss me," she said in a pleading tone.

And just like that, all the morals and patience I had was gone. I smashed my lips into her own.

Claiming her soft lips. I  bit her lips a little as my tongue begged for entrance. She finally opened her mouth. Her sweet cinnamon warmth drove desire down my groin.

A moan escaped her lips. Her tongue fought with mine fighting for dominance for a while. A smile tugged my lips; I couldn't believe Lia was finally fighting for Dominance.

I left her mouth and started planting kisses on her neck, and her collarbone. Moans escaped her lips, exciting me the more.

I returned to her lips as I moved my hands to her breast. Her gown was still on. She quickly turned around while I helped her zip down. The gown fell on the floor revealing her bra top and her underwear

I stood at a distance as she removed her underwear. Her hands slowly moved to her bra top.

"Stop" I ordered. Her nipples were already pointed out and I wanted to tease her for a while, fondling her nipples while she begged for my tongue.

She walked towards me again, and I claimed her in a hot, intimate kiss. I moved my hands down her nipples and pinched it a little.

A moan escaped her and a cracked smile tugged my lips. Good. I would make her want me, make her beg for my touch, and only when I am satisfied would my lips excite her nipples.

###chapter 56

Lia  pov

Fire erupted on my skin as he moved his hands to the other nipple and brushed it a little bit making it harden the more.

Moans of pleasure escaped my mouth as he moved his hands to the other one and brushed it for a while before squeezing the other hand.

I was wet. God, I wanted his tongue on my skin anywhere but not my mouth. I wanted him to lips my nipple till I cum but for some reason, he avoided direct contact with my nipples.

He just played with them, making me anticipate and this anticipation was driving me crazy.

"Luca.." I begged. He looked at me with a devilish grin and continued. He sure as hell knew what he was doing. 

He finally moved his tongue to my nipple. I heaved a sigh of relief as he made his way towards my bra. He would finally unlock it and give me the pleasure I wanted, but contrary to my expectations.

He used his tongue to caress my nipple through my bra. Making my nipple harden the more.

Another moan escaped my lips. After a while, he kissed his way back to my neck planting soft wet kisses on my neck while his other hand found his way to my pants.

By the time he got there,, I was sure my pants were soaked from all the crazy teasing. He felt my wetness, moved his hands up and down around my pants, and then attempted to remove his hands, but I held it. My eyes widened with pleading. He glared at me as I mouthed, please.

His eyes darkened "If you want to cum free my hands" he ordered.

And just like that I released his hand, allowing myself to be at his mercy once more.

He finally moved his hands behind my back and unclasped my bra, freeing my pointed pink nipples. He stared at it for a while before he moved his hands to my pants and helped me pull it away. Tossing it into a place I was not sure of.

His eyes darkened as they filled with desire and luck. His stare made me feel like the only person there, the only thing around me.

He kissed me again before his lips moved to my nipples. His mouth finally encircled my nipple, his warmth exciting me the more.

Finally, his tongue touched my nipples. Loud moans of pleasure escaped my mouth as his tongue played with it, while his other hands played with the other one.

He bit it a little not and then hard. Nipples of pleasure pressed through my skin.

He moved his mouth to the other one and repeated the same circle. Sooner than later the room echoed with my moans.

He picked me up and carried me to his bed and laid me there. He knelt before me and muttered "Beautiful" A pink hue covered my cheeks. We were finally going to have sex.

He launched towards me and planted soft kisses down my navel until it stopped at my Virgina.

He went below and started kissing his way up there. I moaned with expectation. 

He planted soft kisses on my left thigh then licked my clit just once and moved to the right one.

Then he stopped and looked at me. His eyes bore into my soul.

"If I fuck you lia, I am going to be the only man that is permitted to touch you" 

I nodded with anticipation; I doubted if anyone would make me feel this way again.

"Words, lia."

"No one would touch me," I said in a whisper.

"You will be mine and mine alone" he ordered.

What he did not know is that I have been his own since the day he kissed me. I touched myself at night with his face on my mind and I sometimes moaned his name just because I always had a pillow over my mouth.

"I will be yours," I said.

"Not Finn and not Dean. Mine. And If you ever let your mate touch you because of the mate bond. I would kill him not minding if it would cause a war between the two parks," he warned. His voice is deep with possessiveness.

I nodded even though I was told the mate bond was stronger than the normal one. That was not my business anymore.

With that, he came back to my thighs and planted soft kisses all along. His tongue finally touched my clit.

He licked me up taking in all my juice, then he thrust his hands into my pussy.

"Arr..gh" a loud moan escaped my lips. Maybe it was because it had been a long time since I had sex.

"Luca" I called out as I came close to Cummings. One last thirst with a scream came and he licked me up.

He removed his grey sweat pants revealing his full length to me.

I gasped. It was even bigger than I thought. What the fuck? How was that going to fit into my hole?

"Kneel" he ordered.

I quickly knelt and took his whole length into my mouth little by little until I was okay with his length.

Then I started sucking him. He groaned as he closed his eyes and laced his hands on top of my hair, grabbing it.

With time, he started driving deeper and deeper. I could feel his length widen. He was about to cum.

Then he filled my lips with hot liquid. I swallowed everything in and licked the little ones off his dick.

"Good girl," he muttered. I laid back on his bed and watched as he thrust into my Virgina.

I gasped as I tried to take his full length. I closed my eyes for a while. Then he removed it and slid in slowly until I was comfortable before he increased his pace.

"Luca..l" I called out. I was close to Cumming.

He let me cum, I cummed thrice before he cum and fell on me.

We were both breathing heavily before our breath steadied. He planted a soft kiss on my lips and murmured,, "You are amazing", before he rolled to the other side and drew me closer for a cuddle.

After a while, a knock came on the door. We both murmured. Who the hell was that?

Luca opened the door,, and when he came back,, his face was carrying a frown.

I immediately knew that something was amiss.

###chapter 57


Luca pov

I have had a variety of sex with different women. Most of them were good in bed, the others were just lazy and wanted me to do everything.

I did not mind. After all, there was love in sharing, and I did not mind sharing my dick.
,
I never believed in commitment that much until I met Jenny. I was faithful to her in a way. She had my type of desire.

We sometimes organized threesomes together with a harlot from the brothel but with Lia it was different.

It was as if she was made only for me. Yes, there were times in the past when I imagined what our first sex together would be like.

But this experience was more than my expectations. It was as if she was wholly made for me.

Everything about her. Her smile, her nipple, her pussy, her moans, and, everything fucking thing which she was made up of.

We lay peacefully on the bed after the mind-blowing sex. A smile tugged my lips at the thought of making sure she knew who she was.

Dean was quite lucky that I had not had sex with her before he tried to touch her because I could guarantee you that if it was now.

I would have killed him outrightly. She belonged to me and no one else. The moon goddess would be damned if she thought I would let go of her because she mated her to someone else.

Speaking of her mate Finn, I have to find a way to convince him to leave Lia alone or, better still, kill him without leaving any trace behind.

A knock on the door interrupted our peaceful moment. We stayed the same way, not bothering to move.

The knock came again but we stayed. "Are you not going to answer your visitor?" She asked.

I shook my head. No, if I did. They might bring news that will scatter our joy. Talking from experience our union never lasted before a storm came and I was getting used to that fact.

"When they are tired of knocking they will go "I assured her and buried my head in her neck.

The knock came again on the door and I squeezed her tighter not wanting to leave her warmth. A laughter escaped her lips  " Luca just open the door and see who it is"

I groaned in frustration. Being a prince was tiring. You would have to keep being disrupted whether a higher authority wanted to see you needed your presence for something or wanted to deliver a message.

It was seriously frustrating and now I had to leave my comfort zone for it. I looked at the beautiful smile on her face and planted a kiss.

The kiss lasted longer than expected; warmth had already started feeling in my body before it stopped me.

I heaved a sigh as I wore my grey sweatpants. I was never going to get enough of her.

I walked towards the door and opened it expecting to see a guard or someone else. My frown deepened when I saw Dean.

"What do you want?" I asked not to try to hide my displeasure.

A smile tugged on his lips and my irritation increased. Seriously, does he have to be this annoying? He stretched forth his hands with a piece of paper written.

I glared at him and then at the paper. "What is this?" I asked.

"A letter from your lover's mate," he said.

My heart stopped beating for a while. What could be in this letter? I looked at Dean to see a mocking smile on his face.

I slammed the door on his face. I opened the letter and began to read.

 Colour drenched my skin at the Letter. Anger mixed with dark possessives wrapped around my insides. Who the hell did he think he was to give us three days?

Lia sat up immediately and she saw my face. I guessed she knew something was wrong.

"Is everything okay?" She asked, covering her breast with a blanket.

I threw the letter at her and lay beside her. She read the letter quickly and turned to me.

"He is giving us a three-day ultimatum?" She asked. I nodded.

Pain tightened around my throat. Why did the moon goddess have to be cruel? Why not plant the both of us together as mates? After all, it's been a while since I have lost my mate.

I was meant to have a second chance mate. Everybody did, so why did my case have to be different?

Adrenaline rushed within me. I could not bear the thought of losing her. Her being my cousin's wife was different. At least I got to see her and talk to her.

Being away felt like hell. It was as if a hole was plugged into my heart.

She placed her soft palm on my chest as she caressed my shirt. Gradually my body returned to normalcy.

"I have already made a promise to you. I will be with you and not with Finn. When that day comes with you by my side, I will deny him, and it will be over," she assured me.

My heart warmed at her promises "Are you sure?" I asked my voice soft with vulnerability. Gosh! I hated being vulnerable, but Lia was worth it.

She nodded with a smile "Yes, babe,," she said.

I turned my attention to her as my eyes widened. "Did you just call me babe?" I asked, unsure of what I had just heard.

She nodded with a smile. "Yes," she said and rested her head on my chest.

I  smiled, satisfied with her words. Things were getting better. She now showed that she also wanted me as much as I wanted her.

A smile tugged my lips as I tickled her. She burst into laughter. Her sweet laughter filled the room, sounding like a rhythm to my ears.

After a while the laughter died down and she looked at me "I am never going to leave you"

It was not just a statement. It was a promise.


###chapter 58


Dean POV.

Ever since the letter I have been having cold feet about letting it go. Not that I love her or anything thing. I would rather die than fall for her.

But she is our Luna. How would our pack feel when they discover that I let her go to someone who killed my mother?

Let's not forget the blood bath that would flow if he tried to force Lia away from Luca. I heavy a sigh as I rub my forehead.

"I don't see the reason why you are getting all worked up about letting her go," Lorenzo asked. He is currently sitting opposite me in my office.

"He killed my mother. The people would see me as a weak Alpha. When he killed my mum. I did not retaliate publicly I just made sure they sentenced Luca. Giving out my Luna to him would make me look weak," I explained, even though I knew he was not going to care.

He shrugged. "Well, she is Finn, mate. Are you going to tea two mates apart because of the park's opinion?" He asked.

A tight smile crept onto my lips "Their opinion is needed they are the wolves whom I am ruling"

He sat up and narrowed his eyes to mine. "So what do you think we should do?" He asks, his voice laced with a tint of uncertainty.

I shrugged "Don't know. Maybe ask Luca what is their current plan or maybe ask Lia to reject him"

He nods slowly with a clenched jaw. He is angry with the arrangement even though I am also angry with the arrangement

"You do know that keeping Lia is giving Luca more reason to eliminate you," he said,d, his voice with concern.

I nod. Maybe Luca would one day gain the mind to kill me but I don't think he has that ambition right now.

"Luca has ambitions, but I doubt if it is for the throne. He has had serval times to kill me but he let me go"

"I know but-

A knock on the door interrupts our discussion. I groan as I sit upright. Who could that be?

" come in" I shout.

A guard strolls in and bows "The elders are here to see me"

That's strange. The elders only summon the Alpha when there is something bad going on. Is there a crop disease or a foretold bad omen?

"All of them?" Lorenzo ask. Of course, he is also as surprised as I am. 

The guard nods. "Yes, Beta." Lorenzo nods and waves his hands, dismissing him away.

He turned to me. "Why do you think they ask for us?" He asks. He always dreads the council meeting.

He saw it as a waste of time and the elders were always trying to go through the most peaceful way. Something that Lorenzo found very annoying. He has always loved violence, to him. It is the best way to eliminate something.

I take in a heavy breath. "I don't know." I stand up and start arranging my desk.
Lorenzo follows me at my back.

Immediately we get to the conference hall. They all stand up and bow at me, every single one of them except the power-drunk Sabrina.

"I never knew we have two Alphas under one room," I say as they sit down, glaring at Sabrina.

She returns it with a smile.  Witches are a pain in the ass.

"Forgive me your Highness. Witches are observing a fast. We don't bow to anyone, and secondly, I do not know why I am here because I am not a member of the council. So, if it pleases the Alpha can you tell me why I am here?" She asked ed, her voice laced with amusement.

Of course, she is not observing any sort of fast. She just takes pleasure in annoying me.

" I don't know. We would wait for Ares to tell us," I reply, facing Ares.

"Oh, and I thought the Alpha gets involved in everything that is happening around the people," she murmur loud enough for everyone to hear.

I glare at her. "Are you suggesting that the Alpha is inattentive about the needs of his people? Enzo asks in a deep, angry voice.

" I don't know. He is meant to know about everything that happens around us," she defended.

The whole council remained silent. If it was someone else, their head would be on a spike by now. But it was Sabrina, one enchantment and you are gone.

"I understand, but I have been busy with more pressing matters," I defend myself. I would not let her get what she wants.

She nods as if she understands whatever I just said. "Busy with your wife, stabbing, or your cousin," she replies.

I curl my hand into a fist. "Tell me, what are you so busy with that you don't know about the bloodthirsty hybrid who feeds on our wolves, inflicting them with injuries?" She asks.

What? There has been a hybrid lurking around. I thought Enzo was pulling my legs when he told me, and now the best is inflicting injuries on people.

I sit upright and stare at the people waiting for my decision. I have no experience with hybrids.

"We would find a hunter, and also, I would send troops to surround the pack. They would catch him" I assure them.

"Send strong men. I have heard that once he senses the blood of werewolves, he makes sure he sucks them dry," Ares explains.

"Or we could ask Sabrina to track him down. He has his blood everywhere in the park. That was the reason we invited you, Sabrina. To help us," Ares says,s, his voice soft with a plead.

A chuckle escaped Sabrina's lips. "What would I get in return?"

"A seat at the council" 

She waves her hand in the air. "That would pass. Not attractive enough. Only if you allow my people in," she demands.

"Yes!" Ares replies immediately but keeps quiet when he sees my glare.

He bows his head "Sorry my Alpha. Is .. Is just that the people are scared. Twenty of us have been injured and seven of us died before we could do anything about it. If we let Sabrina in she would help us" he explained trying to make me see reasons with him.

I shake my head. I can't. The witches had disloyalty in their blood they might turn against us. I can't be inviting my enemy in.

I look at Sabrina, who has a smile on her face. "A seat on the council or nothing," I tell her.

She nods with a smile "If Luca was offering me this position I would take it. Do you know why? Because he would make a better Alpha than you but if not. It's time I take my leave" she says as she stands io and leaves.

Fury burns within me. Did she just imply that I am not good, Alpha?
###chapter 59
Luca POV

Before Lia came into my life I had my good and bad days. There were some days where I was driven with utter range. Guess this range came from the way I was treated because I am a rogue.

Discovering I am a hybrid has been a curse and a blessing. A blessing because I was now stronger than those who mocked me. A curse because it was forbidden.

I knew Lorenzo had tried once or thrice to convince Dean to kill me and he had refused. Because he feels that I am not a threat to him. But if he should discover that I am a hybrid, it would be the death of me.

During those days of unending pain, I would drink to stupor or have brutal sex maybe fuck a girl who is having sex for the first time very hard.

Was it a gruesome sight? Yes. Did it affect me in any way? Well, yes if you mean pleasure. The scream, the tears, the blood. It gave me pleasure that I could inflict pain on someone too.

But with lia appearance in my life, everything had changed. Just the sight of her and all my gruesome feelings washed away.

I stare at my laptop in front of me. I can't believe I am the one doing this. I can't believe I am the one watching videos of me and her together.

I click on the next video. We went out for skating and stopped to have ice cream. I shouted at her when I noticed that she had ice cream on my nose and allowed me to work around it.

Ever since the last time we made promises to each other, we have been going out more often. Doing things a couple does together including having the best sex every night. Her pants are still on the side of my bed from last night.

A smile tugged at my lips at the thought of last night. I made sure she had orgasms like five times.

A knock on the door interrupted my thought. I sit up straight as I try to hide the bulge that is already growing because of her.

"Come in"

The door clicks open and Lia walks in with a smile. I smile back at her even though I have no idea why she is smiling.

She is wearing a blue trouser and a white sleeveless top. Her hair is packed into a high ponytail. She is holding my iPad on the other hand as she walks toward me.

She leans towards me and places a soft teasing kiss, leaving me begging for more." I have found the place where I think we should visit."

I roll my eyes. She has been bent on making sure we visit a fancy place or I take her on a date. 

At first, I refused because I was still her husband's cousin. It would make a bad impression if they see us together but after so much persuasion I agree. "Where are we visiting?" I ask.

 Her smile widened with anticipation "Guess".

I heaved a sigh " I am not good at guessing lia. Just tell me" 

"Just guess Luca. Don't be such a boring boyfriend "

 "Dominoes?" 

"No" 

"k&M?" 

"No" she replied with a smile clearly enjoining the fact that I was failing. 

"Rissa?" 

"NO!" I roll my eyes. I have mentioned all the popular places in the park. What other place is there to mention? 

"Please don't tell me it is a magna cinema. We can't have a date there and I hate watching movies" 

"Fine, since you could not guess a single puzzle I am going to help you, The Attics Museum!" She shouts with a higher pitch.

The Museum? Why would she pick the Museum of all the places she could think of. I hate the Museum. It reminds me of things I would rather sweep under the closet.

"Luca! Luca" she calls but her voice sounds far away. She taps my hands, bringing me from my thoughts. "Don't you like the Museum?" She asks.

I nod and shake whatever dreadful feeling that is creeping up my skin. "I am okay with it" I answer.

She smiles "I knew you would love it since you have decided that you hate all the fancy restaurants and besides I love the Museum"

And besides I love the Museum. Jenny once said this exact same word.

A gust of wind filled my room. I furrowed my eyebrows as I looked at the window. The trees outside are calm. Then what is this?

"Aggh!" Lia screamed. I turn around to see Sabrina standing before us. I glare at her as I use my fingers to smooth Lia's shoulders.

"Don't you think this could give someone a nightmare? Why would you just appear in front of my room like this?" I ask with a calm angry tone.

"I would not visit you like this if it is not urgent," she says and looks at Lia "Go" she orders.

I open my mouth to stop her and tell her that Lia is my girlfriend but she has already run away. She was obviously scared.

"I don't appreciate you barging into my room unexpectedly," I say with a bored expression.

"And I don't expect you to kill innocent people for fun?"

I narrow my eyes. "For fun? What are you talking about?" I ask.

"The news is everywhere. A hybrid is killing people. You are the only one of your kind left so why are you doing this?" She asked. Her voice was laced with anger, I am sure if she could kill me she would have done that already.

"I. I did not kill anyone. Why would I do something as foolish as that?" I ask.

I can't seem to wrap my head around the fact that there is another hybrid. Who could it be?

"Oh don't lie to me!" She snaps.

I swallow hard "I am not lying Sabrina. I would never lie to you."

She glared at me for a while before her expression softened. Seems she has discovered that I wasn't lying after all. 

"Well, you need to be careful. If anyone finds out they would think you are the one and might even execute you" she warns.

I nod but I have to find that hybrid. It cannot be roaming around and hurting us.

###chapter 60
Dean pov.

"We would urge you to give it a rethink", Ares says as we watch Sabrina leave. I glare at him.

" Is there no other way?"Lorenzo asked in a collected voice, ignoring the fact that Sabrina just insulted me.

Ares shakes his head. "The hybrid seems brutal. Maybe our men can kill him but how many men would we send before we kill him?"

Lorenzo nods. "We will do a rough calculation. Have you visited the people who were killed?" He asked.

Ares shakes his head "I tried. They are requesting for their Alpha" he says drawing my attention.

I nod absentmindedly. The door opens revealing a guard. He walks inside and drops a note on my table before leaving.

A surge of anger rushed through me as I stared at the name who delivered the letter. It came from Finn.

I opened it and began to read it "It has come to my notice that you have a hybrid lurking around. Please endeavor to keep my mate safe or what happened with your mother will be the tip of an iceberg" it read.

Anger surged within me. Who did he think he was to threaten me with all the things in the world after my mother's death? When he knows he is fully responsible for it.

Did he think that I was some weakling that he could just offend and get away with it?  He did not bother to negotiate, just started dashing out orders.

No. In fact, I refuse to let Lia go with him. I would rather kill him than let him take Lia. He made me motherless. I would make him Mateless. If it gets worse, I would make Luca convince her to reject him.

"Alpha what do you think? Should we send for Sabrina?" Ares asked again.

My jaw clenched as I glared at him. What was his problem? "I said no witches! This meeting is over!" I shouted, stamping my hand on the table.

Everyone flinched at my outburst. They stood up and bowed before leaving.

Immediately they closed the door. Lorenzo began to shout, making an irritating noise in my ear. "What was the meaning of that?" he asked. Clearly angry.

I sighed. In Times like this, I wished to be left alone. I threw the letter at him and he read it. Its face softened for a while.

"How would he bring your mother's death to the topic?" He asked in an angry tone.

"I don't know. How can he be so immature?"I asked, anger rolling out with my words.

"We have to call liars," he said.

A few minutes later I walked in with a stony face. Seriously, does she always have to be frowning or have a stony face.

It would make her look more old than the way she is. I don't know what Luca sees in her or what my father saw in her that made him decide she would be my wife.

She took a seat beside me and crossed her chest. "Why did you call me?" she asked.

I closed my eyes to call on patience. She did not even address me as her Alpha. In Times like this I wish she was not so important, getting rid of her would have been easier.

Here I was trying to find a solution for us and she sat there playing away my time being unnecessarily rude.

"He is your Alpha!" Lorenzo shouted at her. He obviously noted the fact that she did not bother greeting me or even bowing.

My cousin is seriously making this girl audacious.

"And he is my husband," she said as if we did not know about that.

Lorenzo took in a shaky breath "You are meant to greet or at least bow" he said in a calm voice. It was obvious that he was trying to control his temper.

She smiled, "yeah, I will try and remember next time," she said. Meaning, I would not remember.

"I want you to go with Finn when he comes," I said.

Her jaw dropped and I could feel Lorenzo's eyes burning into my skin. This was not what we had planned.

"What?. I am not going with him" she said with a glaring face. She squirmed on her chair.

"You are going" I ordered.

"I am not going," she replied, staring at me into my eyes. 

"I am your husband", I reminded her. She rolled her eyes like she seriously rolled her eyes. What audacity!

She scoffed "That's a title. You do not order me," she said and tried to stand up

"You do not walk away from me lia!" I shouted my voice echoing around the house. She flinched a bit.  A glint of fear passed through her eyes.

She leaned towards my side and pointed a hand at me. "Last month I would have been scared. I would have done as you said because I felt you are a man you had what it took to be an Alpha but after the night when you tried to rape me. I now see you as a weakling and not my Alpha!" She said her voice was cold as steel.

Something warm moved within my body. How did one night destroy her respect for me?

She made to walk away but I drew her back. "Your godforsaken mate killed my mothers and even sent threats to me. You would go with him and kill his sister too. An eye for an eye. I am sending you as your husband and Alpha" I ordered.

A light chuckle left her mouth, and the door opened revealing Luca. He walked in, his jaw tightened seeing me with Lia.

"Never!" She said and left.

She walked towards the door and stopped "And lest I forget. I would be asking for a divorce" she said



###chapter 61


Lia pov.

"A what!" All of them ask at once. A good smile tugged at my face. Dean is the definition of shock and anger. Well, Lorenzo is quiet for the first time since I knew him. His mouth is slightly open, revealing his extent of surprise. Luca's eyes are wide in the face, and I think it is about to fall out of his eye socket.

I burst into laughter. Dean narrows his eyes, and for some reason, the scene is very funny. I burst into laughter the second time, I laughed and laughed and laughed. I stopped to examine their faces and burst into laughter.

"Are you joking?" Luca asks. His voice is soft, almost like a whisper. 

My smile widened. Luca's voice is never soft. It's always rough even in his vulnerable moments.

"He asked you a question!" The obnoxious twat called Lorenzo shouts. I roll my eyes. Seriously, why does he always have to be this annoying every time?

"Lia" Dean growls. I smile. Last week he was trying to rape me and this week I am rendering him speechless.

I stop smiling; the smile washes off my face in a second and is replaced with a blank, emotionless face.

"You heard me, Dean. I need a divorce. I am asking for a divorce. We are not even mates, so it's not going to affect you, " I explain in a cold voice.

I should also tell him that if he does not do as I say I would tell the whole park the way he treats me or maybe ask the moon goddess for a curse on him.

Men like him are not meant to live. "Who convinced you into this? Luca? You want to leave an Alpha for a rogue?" He asks his tone laced with mockery.

I am tempted to tell him that Luca is not just a rogue anymore that he is a hybrid but that would make Luca angry with me so instead I bit my tongue till it almost drew blood.

"Well, whomever I want to follow after leaving you is none of my business, and just so you know. If you took your time to examine Luca's face when I made the announcement. You would discover that he was as surprised as you are".

Just as I expected, Lorenzo opened his mouth to talk. Gosh! I don't even know how I hate Lorenzo more than Dean despite all he did to me.

Maybe it is because Lorenzo is like a baby who is clinging to Dean for help and would do anything to remain in his good books.

"You do know that is not possible. He can banish you" 

My eyes darted to Luca's own. He swallows hard at the threat, his hands tighten around the door knob and for some reason, this is suddenly too attractive to look at. He is wearing a white long sleeve but I can still see his muscles inside.

Lorenzo bangs the table ."Answer me, and, stop staring at your husband's cousin when he is here!" He shouts his voice containing venom and anger.

I roll my eyes as I reluctantly take my eyes off Luca and back to Dean.

"Lorenzo!" Luca warns his voice is lethal with anger.

Lorenzo stands up and walks towards him "What? What are you going to do? Kill me because I called her a whore? Or what. Huh, you are the one who convinced her to this nonsense idea you should at least stand up for her!" He shouts as if he made any sense from what he just said.

Luca releases him from the door, his hands fall to his waist,  and then he pinches the bridge of his nose. "I did not conceive her into this and I don't even know what she is doing. I can't read her mind, but what I do know is that if you say another humiliating word against her, there will be a bloodbath here, and trust me, I will win. I might be a rogue but I will win" he warns.

Lorenzo curls his hands into a fist and sits down. The whole time Dean's eyes have been on me.

"If I divorce you, who will you be with?" He asks calmly, drumming his pen on his table.

I shrug. "Luca," I answered. The name flows out of my mouth in melody.

"Luca" he repeats as he nods his head. His hands are still drumming on the table.

He moves his eyes from mine to Luca's own. "Is this what you're doing?" He asks.

Luca shakes his head. "No," he answers. His voice is low as if he is gaining cold feet about it.

I sigh. He could say before everyone that he did not want me. Will I be heartbroken?. Yes. Will I be surprised? No. Why? Because all Attic men are hypocrites. 

I would just either tell Finn when he comes that I have a child for Dean or run away. Either way, I am escaping. I don't think I would be able to watch his betrayed face for a while.

As if Dean senses my insecurity, he asks, "Do you want to? Do you want to marry her? Is she a sort of vengeance for Jenny? I thought my mother was enough?" He asks, and for some reason, Dean's voice is filled with pain.

A moment of silence passes, and then another passes; dread creeps into my skin. I closed my eyes for a while waiting for him to tell me no. To show me that, for once, I have done something stupid again.

"Answer me!" Dean shouts.

"At first I did it as revenge to you for Jenny. Then I truly fell for her regardless of who she is to you. So she is not for vengeance," he says, leaving the part of marriage.

Tears flood my eyes as I suddenly realize my worth to him. He has indirectly said he loves me, but I am not someone to keep.

Dean opens his mouth to talk again but I open the door and leave.

"Lia! Lia!" Luca calls but I am already running to my room.

###chapter 62


Lia pov

I can feel his footsteps pursuing me. "Lia, I am talking to you!" He shouts as he tries to catch up with me.

I break into a run. I have to get to my room on time without him following me. 

Immediately I get into my room I lock the door. I press my back against the cold door and gradually squat on the ground. Fresh tears flowed more than I thought it would.

I curl my hand into a small fist as I hit the tilted floor. I have been a fool. A big one to think that a hybrid would ever make me his wife.

If I am being truthful I don't even know what I asked for a divorce. Maybe I was tired of being a side piece. Tired of being Dean's wife and Luca's side Chick. I wanted to be someone's whole option.

Where they would pick me against anything. I curse under my breath. "Fuck!"I shouted.

What the hell was wrong with my thinking? 

"Lia open the fucking door!" Luca shouts, hitting the door. His voice seems like a voice that is filled with pain but Luca can't be pained. He would be jubilating, he just passed a bullet.

"Go away, Luca. Go away!" I scream at him. What does he want to tell me? I love you but I can't wed you. You are my cousin's wife but I would love to keep you because your pussy fits into me and swallows my cock like it is made for me.

Or maybe he would issue a live note like most of the boys only that his love confession would be filled without emotions.

"No lie. I am not going until I talk to you!" He shouts back, hitting the door the more. The vibration sends warmth to my body, not my heart.

Just this morning, he had fucked me my pant is still in his room. Maybe he has thrown them away.

A rush of guilt mixed with shame rushed through me. I would have just stayed with Dean as his wife. Even though I do not love him, at least I have a child for him. I am meant to be securing Merlin's place in the palace; instead, I feel like a heartless rogue.

I rush to my phone and dial Dean's number while I have the chance to do so.

"Lia I am about to break this door so if you are there either you leave or you open the door. I would not want you to get hurt!" He shouts.

Hurt indeed. He has already shattered my heart beyond repair. What else does he want, or maybe he does not understand the meaning of hurt.?
Bang! Bang! I can feel his full weight against the door as he tries to break in. I look at Dean's number with shaky hands. It is ringing.

I close my eyes as I say a one-minute prayer. Please moon goddess. Let him pick before Luca enters. Before he convinced him against me and my child.

"What do you want, lia?" he asks as he picks up the call, and the door falls open. Luca walks inside.

For some reason, I grow cold feet about what I am about to do. How would Luca feel? Then I remembered what he said. There is no way he is going to feel bad.

"Lia, I am a very busy person. What do you want?" He is lacking impatience.

Luca furrows his eyebrow, confusion laced over his face as he mouths, "What are you doing? " to me.

" I am sorry-" I begin, but Luca snatches the phone for me, smashing it on the wall. O  as I watch my phone on the floor with a broken screen. I don't even think I can repair that screen 

"What were you about to do?" He asked me. His voice was laced with anger and disbelief.

I cross my hands around my chest. "What do you want?" I ask.

I bend my head to avoid me from staring at him. I seem to be filled with desire anytime I do so, especially with the fact that he is currently sweaty.

"Lia, I am asking you a question! What were you about to do? Tell Dean that you are sorry and what?" He shouts at me, his voice echoed around the room.

Anger well up within me. He lost the right to shout at me when he did what he did just now.

"Yes! I wanted to tell him that I was sorry and that I would not want to divorce him. At least with all I have done, he has never asked me to divorce him. He tolerates the fact that I am having an affair with his cousin, and he is my child's father, which you are not and would never be!" I shout back at him. Frustration is breeding in my veins.

A glint of anger passed through his eyes "Really?" He asks his voice low with pain. "I might not be his father but I have sacrificed my life for him. Do you think Dean is going to accept you with his child? He does not even recall that night of you guys together. And do you know why he would never value you or even treat you right?" He asks me, his face a few meters away from mine as he stares into my soul.

"You don't know what you want. He is the father of your child today, and by tomorrow, he is not. He is a twat today but you want him on your bed tomorrow. You want a divorce today, you don't want a divorce at the moment. You loved me yesterday, you don't love me today." 

"I loved you! I loved you. That was why I asked for a divorce. That was why I shamelessly offered myself to you, but each time I do that, you remind me that I am just a piece of trash. I loved you but you don't! "I snapped at him.

Who does he think he is to ask me to tell me I don't know what I want? He clearly does not value me.

"I love you, Lia! I even told him that I want you"

A chuckle escaped my lips. "You want me but don't want to get married to me. You want to keep fucking me with no strings attached!"

Fuck! He curses under his breath as he takes his veiny hands in his black shining hair.

"You never warned me. You just announced it. I needed time to think and I would have said yes Liao. I would have said yes. Of course, I want to spend my life with you, travel with you around the whole wolf lands, take you on your fancy date, and share your annoying room with you. I want to do all that and I will so I am begging you, Lia, do not lose faith in us" he pleaded.

###chapter 63

Luca's pov.

When Lia asked Dean for a divorce before my very own eyes. I was shocked. Extremely shocked. Why would she ask him for a divorce?

I knew we were already dating. We were like an actual couple but Dean could banish her from the park. If Dean banishes her, she would have to take Merlin with her, and Dean would finally know that she had a child with him.

He might ask for the custody of the child or might kill him. As illegitimate heirs are not allowed and this would break both me and him.

I knew I was kind of wrong by being quiet when Dean asked me if I wanted to marry her or when I finished  my love confession leaving the part out if me willing to marry her

But in my defense, the question came suddenly. The fact that they thought I convinced her added more shock to me but I am happy that she wants me.

I was happy that she was finally craving me as much as I did. So imagine my surprise when she left the room with tear-filled eyes. I followed her out of pure instinct only to find out that she was on a phone call with Dean, trying to tell him she was sorry.

Sorry for what? Sorry for wanting me as much as I wanted her. Sorry for asking for a divorce from someone who has never treated her right. Anger filled up in my veins when she said she was trying to do it for Merlin.

A needle of pain stabbed me when she said that she would rather be with Dean because he is his father. Like seriously? How would she ask to say such a thing?

I loved her. I always did. I have taken everything that belonged to her as mine, including Merlin who by the way would end up reminding me of the same Dean she asked me to kill the other day.

I am not saying that she should be selfish; what I am saying is that she should love me and choose me as her first, not her second or last.

"I should not lose faith in you? You don't want to be with me? You want me to be your dirty little secret for only you to know and no one else. You don't want to be seen with me in public, you deny all my requests for a date or a Cinema, and when I ask you for a date to the museum, you are not even delighted. You just agreed, maybe because you are bored, or you were angry and wanted me to leave you alone, "she said, tears streaming down her eyes, making her blue eyes darker.

My chest is filled with pain at the thought of visiting the museum with her. At the thought of having all those memories replay in my head.

I heaved a sigh as I pinched the bridge of my nose and explained calmly, " I am not the type who goes on dates, lia. It is not as if I don't want to be seen with you. I do. I would want the whole world to know you are mine if you wish. And although all this sounds foreign to me, I would go because it is you. After all, every moment I spend with you is worth more than anything, and I was not reluctant with the Museum date. I would go with you. It just reminded me of something I wanted to forget. But I love you, Lia, I do. And it would pain me if you decide to leave me for Dean because of some quarrel or because of Merlin. You asked me to kill him; I will for your sake, I will, but please don't leave me," I pleaded with her. Her eyes softened for a while as she stared at me with disbelief.

I can't imagine I am the one being this vulnerable. I am never vulnerable but here I am doing just that.

I lean forward and cup her face as I press my forehead against her own "Please, don't leave, me" I whisper in a soft voice.

I don't think I would be able to survive if she left me again. Or chose Dean over me.

We stayed in that moment for a while before she gradually warped her hands around me. "I am not going to leave you, Luca," she says in a soft, reassuring voice.

My heart melted at the assurance. "I won't leave you" she adds. She removed her head from mine and looked me in the eye.

Her eyes scan my face and land on my lips. I swallow hard as emotions flow through me. An overwhelming urge to kiss her feels my body.

Before I can remove my mouth from her she kisses me. Her soft lips pressed against my mouth, and I smiled; I bit her lip a little, and a moan escaped her lips. She opens her mouth for me as I gain access to her lips. We kissed each other for a while, unlike my other kisses which are rough and filled with lust. This one is gentle and filled with love.

We break from each other, panting. A smile tugged on her lips. "That means you are going to go to the museum with me," she says.

I nod my head in acceptance. I would rather spend time with her than allow my memories to snatch her from me.

Her smile widened, and for some reason, that sent warmth to my heart. I smile at her back. She places a soft kiss on my lips.

"I made a reservation for two," she tells me as she walks away.

I grab her wrist, drawing her back to me; this time, my grin is wider. "I would do that in one account," I say.

She furrowed her eyebrows. "And what is that, my love?" She asked.

"When we come back, you will reward me with sex."

A chuckle escaped her lips. "No way," she answered, still laughing.

I glare at her. "Okay, okay. I would reward you with a lot of sex," she replied.

"Good," I say as I let her go. She runs toward the bathroom door and stops "Get dressed and make sure you are putting on a suit" she says.

I burst into laughter. I am always in a trouser or sweatpants, but I now need to arrange a suit for this date. Maybe we will visit a restaurant or cinema afterward.

###chapter 64
Luca POV

I look at my reflection and I can't help it as a chuckle escapes me. I am wearing a three-piece suit, and a diamond wristwatch and all I can think about is how Lia has reduced me to this.

Don't get me wrong, I usually wear shirts and trousers but it is only for meetings even when I have decided to ask a girl out on a date. I had never worn a suit or put on my favorite perfume to impress her. Everybody knows who I am and every girl would kill to have me on her bed.

But here I am trying to look as perfect as I can for Lia. This is the first time I am going on an actual date with someone.

A knock on the door interrupts my thoughts, my muscles tighten, and I take one last look at myself. Hope she would be okay with my dressing.

"Come in," I say and the door opens slowly revealing a breathtaking lie. She is putting on a sky-blue satin gown with matching shoes. Her hair is packed high in a bun decorated with some hair pieces. My eyes travel around her body before it lands on her perfect oval face. 

My breath seize for a bit, I am normally used to Lia's beauty. She is just simply beautiful. It is as if God created time to create her but with the addition of the makeup on her face and the red lip gloss on her lip.. damn. She looks breathtaking.

She clears her throat, drawing me to my present. "You look handsome Luca" she complements me with a smile.

Pride gushes over me at her compliment. I find myself really happy that I can meet her expectations.

I clear my throat as I compliment her "You. You look breathtaking Lia. So beautiful" A pink hue covers her face at my complement and my groin twitches in reaction.

What the fuck. How can her blushing affect me this much? I smile and stretch forth my hands. "Let's go," I say.

Immediately we are outside, I return to my usually masked face. All the guards bow at us as we pass. I am pretty sure they are going to gossip about us immediately when they get to their private room.

They might see me as a home wrecker or even call me one, but to hell with their opinion. The one way I would lose control is if I hear someone call her a whore or a loose girl. That would be the death of the person.

Immediately we got to where my car was.. I open the door for her to enter and close it behind her. I turn around and get into the car.

Immediately I entered the car, and she handed over our ticket to me with a smile. "You do know that frowning on your date is seen as bad manners. Especially for the men," she says her voice laced with amusement.

A silly smile shadows my face as I turn on the car. "You could just ask me to give you a smile and I would"

She nods and studies my face for a while, with her eyes all over me I find it hard to control myself. "I know, Luca. But I want it to come naturally. You are always guarded. You really smile and-

But I cite her off. "I always smirk at Lia. Especially after I have made you come," I say and move my hands in between her gown. Thank god she is wearing a short gown.

A hiss escapes her as she tries to control herself "Luca I am serious, smile often" she commands with a stern voice.

A smile appears on my face when I hit her g-spot and a loud moan escapes her mouth, filling my car with her rhythmic voice "I am smiling lia" I say and thrust in deeper.

She tightens her grip on her dress as I thrust in deeper and faster. "Please," she moans. "Luca, please," she pleads.

I slow my pace down and remove my hands from her pants. I shove it into my mouth and lick every bit of her juice. I am seriously tempted to shove to the back of the car and fuck her.

"Luca, please," she begs, her voice filled with desperation. Desperate to feel my hands on her pussy.

"Please what," I ask and creep my way back to her pants and tease her clit.

"Please let me cum," she begs. 

With that, I thrust my hands into her pants and started increasing my pace. Satisfaction burns in me as she moans my name. A few minutes later she cums in my hand. I watch her for a while as her breathing is steady.

I stop our car at the museum. "we are here," I announce.

"Where?" she asks as she scans our environment. Her eyes widened with realization. "We are at the museum," she says.

I nod with a smile. "You were fucking me while driving?. What if we had an accident?" She asks anxiety mixed with anger dances around her face.

"That would never happen, princess. Besides, I use my fingers, not my cock, and be rest assured my driving skills are the best," I assure her.

She scans my face for a while before leaning forward to place a kiss on my lips. Surprise fills my face, and my heart dances with excitement. I tighten my grip on her hair before she can stop me. I deepen the kiss and a moan escapes my lips.

"Fuck Lia," I say and stop before I lose control. I stare at her swollen lips as desire rushes through me.

She moves her hands to my trousers. My eyes widen. "What are you doing?" I ask, my voice laced with hesitation.

A smirk appears on her face "You've got a boner" she says. I look at the time and at her. 

I grip her hand. "That would be later," I say. She would stare at me with disbelief. "You can't be serious," she says.

I nod "I am serious," I say and open the door.  She walks toward me and takes.  my arms with a frown.

"I never knew you were so bent on satisfying my sexual needs," I say as we stroll towards the museum.

People walk past us. Some pass without recognizing us and others shoot us with a surprised look.

"And I never mistook you for someone who would reject sex or blow job," she replied her voice still masked with feigned anger.

I burst into laughter as I stroll inside. Contentment fills my face.

She takes my card from me and gives it to a woman. "Luca, another one," she says with a knowing smile.

My muscles tightened as I recognized her face. She was here when I brought Jenny and she knew everything about her death.

Painful memories rush within me and I've got a bad feeling that this might not end well.


###chapter 65


Luca POV

"Celeste," I say and she gives me a knowing smile. She seems to have captivated Lia or maybe she is usually smitten by old people.

"Isn't she our Luna?" she asks.

I glare at her, and she returns it with a smile. She was there when I swore to Dean that I would take everything that gave him happiness and I guess she is mistaking my vow on the date, but it is far from that. I want to spend time with Lia and make her more happy.

"Yes," I nod. Daring her to speak one more word. But she presses her lips into a tight line. 

"I see" She nods and shows us inside. By the time we enter, the place is almost empty. 

My eyes scan the place immediately. Wow! The place has changed since I last visited here. I hate visiting this place because it reminds me of Jenny, my mate. I met her here; she broke my trust here, and I was here reminiscing our memory when I got the call that my cousin and my best friend who was Lorenzo killed her.

Although Lorenzo did not kill her, he played a role in her death. Lia let go of my hand and rushed towards a solar eclipse painting hanging on the wall.

She turns to me, her eyes lit with excitement. "Luca, come and see this photo," she calls out.

I shove my hand into my pocket shake whatever memory I had about Jenny and walk towards Lia. Lia is the future and she will always be the future.

Her hand caresses the photos with a smile. Just the same way Jenny always caressed hers. "It's so beautiful," she said, her voice filled with awe. I have never understood what girls love about painting. It was boring. I preferred the sculpture to the painting because it felt realistic, not abstract. Perhaps that was why I enjoyed sculpting to painting. It assures me that it is always there and not a fallacy to me.

"Beautiful right?" An icy voice asks from behind me. I flinch to see Celeste standing beside me. Lia's attention is still focused on the painting.

I groan in frustration as I try to hide the annoyance that is going up within me. "What are you doing here? I whisper to her, making sure not to distract Lia, whose entire attention is focused on the paintings, "What are you doing here?""

"Annoying, don't you think? It seems the moon goddess has a way of punishing you. All your mates have a thing for painting. She is not even bothered about seeing the sculpture. They are so different for you and I would tell from experience. People who have different desires and love different things never end up together," she says.

I shoot her a burning glare. This old woman always pisses me off. I take a step to meet her, but she grabs me by my arms, drawing me back to my former position.

"You have a brother", she says.,"

My eyes widen and it says," On her face." A what?" I ask with disbelief.

"A hybrid brother," she says. My eyes threatened to fall from my eye socket. I furrow my eyebrows. The air seems too thick to breathe, says in for a while.

She taps my shoulders. "Witches know everything. We are on your side," she says and walks away. I stared at her, so she was a witch. No wonder she always behaved like a creep.

"Luca!" Lia calls me, bringing my attention back to her. She has a small sculpture in her hands. Her face brightens with a smile.

"Look what I found. It's an incredible sculpture, it brightens," she says, caressing it. I listen to her explanation with rapt attention.

Should I tell her I am the one who did it? No. She would ask me so many questions and I really do not have any answer to them. So I just let her explain.

She snaps her finger before my eyes, making me blink. "you haven't been listening to me. Have you?" She asks.

I nod. "Of course, lia. You have been analyzing the whole sculpture," I said my voice laced with amusement.

I never knew you had a thing for sculptures"

"I do. I have a thing for art although I prefer drawing. It's a gift passed by my mother. That is the only thing I took from her." she says, her voice sounding distant.

My heart tightens with pain. We both shared equal losses. We both lost our mother. The only difference was that I grew up to know my father. She never did.

"Wow, I never knew you could draw perhaps you could draw me too. While I am naked," I whispered into her ear as I encircled my arms around her waist.

She looks at me in disbelief. "Luca! We are in the museum!"

"I never said you should draw me here. Maybe when we get to the palace. In fact," no sex till you draw me" 

A light chuckle escapes from her lips as she says, "You are going to be sex starved if you embark on a no painting, no sex policy," and leans into my chest.

"Why? Am I not sexy enough?" I ask.

She bends her head to her finger, a thing I notice she does when she is nervous. "I don't like drawing that much. I don't think I am good enough," she says and walks out of my arms.

She moves inside to the place where they keep delicate sculptures. My breath seizes as I stare at the beautiful sculptures. 

I give into my desire and take one of them, caressing them. I wonder if I would still come alive if I started sculpting again.

"I enrolled for a class. You know, a drawing class, but all I could think about was my mum. She would have thought of me if she were alive. To make it worse, the teacher told me she knew my mother, " she said, her voice filled with pain.

"I stopped drawing but I would give it a try when we get home," a smile caresses my lips at the idea.

###chapter 66

Lia pov.

Ever since I mentioned the museum date, Luca had been behaving strangely. Seemed distant, always lost in his own thoughts. It's as if the museum brings back memories he wants to keep behind. Memories that are hurting him. 

Seeing him this empty and distant leaves me with an overwhelming desire to crawl underneath his skin find out what is wrong and take it away. At first, I thought it was because he did not want me or maybe he was scared of being seen with me but right now, it seemed I have never been the problem.

When I notice it I try asking him about it but he cleverly dodges the question by giving me a mind-blowing orgasm in the car. The fact that he let me fill his car with my moan while he drove, drives me insane and for some goddamn reason, I find it incredibly attractive.

Then we got to the museum, and he immediately became tensed. Though he tried to hide it, I could feel it through his sweaty palm and his tightened muscles, although I refused to ask him. Is not as if I ask him he would answer me.

"Luca!" I call out when I discover that he has zoned out again.

He flinched a little as his attention fell back on me. His forehead is sweaty and his blue eyes are darker, like a troubled sea. 

I walk up to him, closing the distance between us. His eyes fall down to my face and it softens for a while. "You have not been listening to me. If you are not happy about the date, we could leave," I say, my voice soft with worry.

He tilts his head from my eyes. "Lia, I'm fine," he says. but I know he is lying. His voice sounds deep with rumble.

"No Luca, you are not fine. You have not been listening to any word I said"

"I have been listening. You said you would draw me when you get back. You would use me as your muse to begin drawing again," he says with a soft smile.

His smile reaches mine. Although he got it wrong, I can't help but smile at the importance he attaches to me being his muse, nevertheless, he is hiding something. I can tell.

"Am I right?" He asks with a smile that brightens his eyes.

I shake my head "No, I was telling you that I would only draw if you sculpture," I said.

The light in his eyes dims, and he removes his eyes from mine as his face dampens "I am not a sculptor" he lies.

Like Luca is actually lying to my face right now. "That's a lie, Luca. You are a sculptor. I know you are a sculptor. I have seen the hidden sculptures you hide and the unfinished ones. I don't know the reason you stopped, but I believe that you can start again. That was why I brought you to the museum, so you can regain your passion," I explained.

His eyes widen for a while before it returns to normalcy. "It's not that easy, lia. You don't just gain a passion for something because I visited the museum," he replied.

I nod. I knew what he was saying was true, but I still wanted him to gain a little inspiration from the museum. Maybe seeing what he loved will help him.

A smile cracked his lips as he drew me to himself. " You can be my inspiration, you know?" He whispered against my ear in a teasing tone.

I lean against his comforting abyss even though I know he is trying to avoid the question with a joke.

"How?" I ask, returning his teasing tone with a smile.

"By this," he says as he uses his hand to caress my neck down to my breast. He grabs it for a while. Excitement rushes towards me and my nipples stand piercing my gown.

I close my eyes for a moment even though we could get caught. A moan escapes my lips. Excitement when he pinches my nipple, sending delicious pain around my body. I clench my thigh to avoid the throbbing reaction in between my legs.

"Luca, we are in the museum," I whispered, trying hard to control myself.

He nods. His lips find their way to my neck and he bites it a little. He cups my boobs in his hands "Look around" he orders.

I immediately turn around. There are still a few people around, but not that much. "There are people around," I whispered back.

He nods. "Come with me," he orders as he drags me to a room. He locks the door immediately behind him.

Immediately, he grips my hair and drives me into a passionate kiss. I murmur amidst it "We could be caught, Luca" 

He remains silent for a while. He lifts my short gown and runs his hands over my wet pants. His eyes darken with desire. "More reason we need to be fast," he says and shoves his hands into my hole.

A moan escapes me, I grip his hair as he increases his pace. He places a soft kiss on my lips.

"Please," I moan "Luca please"

"Please what?" He asks against my earlobe.

"Please fuck me. I need you inside me," I plead.

A smile crooked his lips "I thought you were worried about us getting caught?" He asks.

I nodded as I bit my lips to stifle my moan. I am about to come. Just when I am about to come, he removes his hands. My eyes widened. Don't tell me he is about to leave me unsatisfied.

He unbuckles and removes his trouser as he brings out his dick, which is already erect. He grabs me closer to himself as he thrusts himself into me.

A scream escapes my lips as he covers my lips to prevent my moan from coming out.

He groans immediately as he has entered fully. "Fuck lia. He groans immediately upon fully entering and says, "Your hole was made just for me," before starting to thrust deeper.

The room temperature increased. Thank God this place is quiet. The probability of getting caught having sex increases my excitement driving me to pleasure.

"Fuck!" he groans as he comes. Our breathing reduces back to normal. He stays there for a while, leaning against me, his dick still in my Virgina.

After some minutes, he removes his dick and tucks in. He cleans my thigh with his handkerchief before pressing a kiss on my forehead.

"Let's go," he says with a smile. We walk out looking innocent. The ride back home is silent, just filled with him stealing glances at me and smiling.

Immediately, we step outside. I immediately feel something is wrong. The atmosphere feels tight and heavy.

As we stepped into the hall, I froze. Finn is standing in the middle with Dean and Lorenzo by his side.

He grins at me, and Luca tightens his grip around my waist. "hello love"

###chapter 67
Lia pov

My jaw dropped immediately as I entered the palace and saw Finn standing in front of Dean and Lorenzo, who had a frown on their faces. Luca immediately tightened his grip on my waist. What was he doing here? He said he would give me three days, so why the hell was he here? For days, I haven't even gotten the chance to see Merlin or Lexie. I was not even ready to leave Luca. Is not as if I was going to follow him, anyway. The mate bond was there. I felt the pull. It was nothing to compare to what I shared with Luca. My clothes still had his musky scent around me.

"What are you doing here?" I asked in an evenly calm voice. Trying to hide whatever anger was welling up within me.

He strolled towards me, his bodyguard at his back. All armed with daggers and guns. He was wearing a three-piece black suit and a black shoe. He would normally look attractive to others, but not to me. The only attractive wolf I knew was Luca, and I intend to keep it that way.

He reached out to caress my face, but Luca pushed me behind him. Making him stand in front of him. I could see Luca's tensed shoulder. He was tense, I could see it. We had discussed this several times, and I had promised him that I would stay with him, and even with my promise, he was still scared. Scared of losing me and so was I.

Finn's face changed to a frown immediately as he dropped his hands to his side. He inhaled and exhaled, trying to maintain his self-control.

He cleared his throat. "Lia, I came to take you. Let's go home," he said with a warning voice.

"The only home she knows is here and not your pack. Alpha Finn," Luca replied with great disdain in his voice.

A smile crept onto Finn's lip. "She is my mate, Luca, and your cousin's wife. Have you no shame?" He asked in a teasing voice.

I could feel the anger evaporating out of Luca's body. He was clearly trying to control himself from doing something drastic and revealing his identity.

"That is a business, not yours," he said.

He tried to take me, but I hugged Luca from behind. Trying to make sure I was safe.

When he discovered that I was not moving an inch from Luca's body. He decided to tease the version of Luca that he knew "I wonder why your brother has not killed you. You are a useless tyrannic rogue. Let go of her now or I will kill you before all of them," he warned.

My eyes moved to Dean. He had a smile on his face as he watched the argument between them. Lorenzo was by his side. He whispered something into his ear, but I read his mouth "Just as we planned" he said.

What could they have planned? Were they the ones that sent Finn here?

"First, Dean Is not and would not be my brother. And secondly, I am not letting go," he growled.

Dean and Lorenzo nodded with amusement. Finn approached Luca with the white stake. Then it dawned on me. They wanted to make sure Luca got Finn angry and then killed him. It would be that Luca challenged an Alpha and not the other way around.

I let go of Luca's body and stepped in front of Luca. "Lia, what are you doing?" Luca asked in a pleading tone. Like he was saying, saying, please don't leave me again.

"I lia Pierce, Luna of the Attics pack rejects you, Alpha Finn of the Bloodhound pack," I said and added "Leave the palace immediately," rejecting orders.

A glint of pain passed through Finn's eyes. He dropped his gaze to my eyes, staring at me with his intense blue eyes. My heartbeat increased, and my knee got weaker. He was trying to use the mate bond to manipulate me.

"I Alpha Finn of the bloodhound pack reject your rejection," he said calmly and added "You are my mate lia! I waited for weeks to have you! You said you would come with me! Not the other way round! You and I know that mate bond is stronger than the flung you have for him! He is a fucking rogue!" He shouted, making me flinch.

I wanted to tell him to get out, wanted to reprimand him for calling Luca a rogue and for calling whatever we had a fling!

"Do you think if he had his mate, you would be important to him?" He asked.

I swallowed hard. Would Luca sacrifice his mate for me? Whatever. It's been seven years since Dean killed his mate, but he still hates Dean for years. As if on cue, Luca wrapped his arms around my waist, soothing me.

"We love each other and I would not leave him"

Finn chuckled. "Well, I have also come to love you, Lia. To crave your cinnamon hair scent. To watch over you. To count the freckles on your face and everything. You have made me obsessed with you. I would be damned if I let him have you," he confessed. My heart weakens a little with his confession. I was not even sure that Luca knew my hair scent.

"I am not letting her go," Luca said in an oddly calm voice.

Finn shook his head. "how about we renegotiate," he said. "A mate for a mate," he said.

"What?" Luca said. Dean and Lorenzo gave him a questioning look.

Just then, a lady walked in from behind, the sound of her high heels echoing around the room. She stood beside Finn and Luca immediately left me. Like he actually stepped back.

She had blonde long hair, and brown eyes with a one-sided dimple. She wore a white gown.

Her gaze hovered around me, and she stretched forth her hand "You must be Lia. The one everyone wants," she said.

"Well, I am Jenny. The one everyone needs" she said.

###chapter 68


Lia POV

My feet immediately grew cold. Jenny? She was Luca's mate. I thought she was dead. How come she was alive, and," no one knew?

I glared at Finn, who returned it with an intense smile. Was this all a game to him? A game to separate me from Luca?  Well, he was a fool if it was ever going to happen.

"Jenny?" Luca called in a soft pleading voice. I never thought his voice could be this soft for someone like him.

"Luca, soft," she answered and walked up to him, pushing me aside. I staggered, but Finn grabbed my waist, helping me gain balance.

Luca's eyes softened immediately. He has never looked at me this way. His gaze roamed around her face. He raised his hands to caress her face but held it mid-way. His eyes bore fear. What would happen if she was not real? It was as if he was praying for her to be real.

He finally touched her face, letting his finger roam around her face before he cupped her cheek. Jenny leaned into his touch and his expression softened the more. He has never been this loose around me.

"They. They said you were dead. I.. and thought you were dead" he said. His voice broke, he was almost at the point of crying.

"I am alive, " Luca said. I had to hide," she said. Her voice was sensually soft. Not like mine which was high-pitched and sounded like a faulty piano when working.

He drew her into his arms for a hug. His arms wrapped around her tightly, as if he wanted to cling to her for life.

Anger welled up within me. I have been trying to get him to let me in and he never did, but here was Jenny who disappeared for years. He was letting her back.

I bit my mouth as it threatened to flow blood. This was someone who had said nothing could come between us. Someone who deceived me into rejecting my mate.

I have been fooled once more by a man. What I previously said was the truth. He only kept me for sex and nothing more. I even had to persuade him to go on a date and he still ended up fucking me.

"Daina," I called one maid. She rushed towards me and bowed her head before me. 

"Get my bags ready. Pack all my things. I am leaving with my mate," I ordered.

Immediately, I said those words. Luca left Jenny and went to me. "What do you think you are doing?", he asked.

"Going with my mate as I should have done, "I said and walked past him. He immediately followed me to my room.

"Lia, let's talk about this," he begged, as he locked the door behind me.

I ignored him as I joined Daina to arrange my clothes.

"Daina, leave," he orders. She dropped her clothes and bowed.

"If you step out of this place. I would make sure Dean punishes you severely. It would be my last wish for him," told her.

She immediately stopped. "Seriously Lia"? He asked. Anger is written all over his face. It was obvious that he was not used to being opposed.

"Leave now!" He barked.

She stood looking at me with imploring eyes. I would not let him punish her for my decision. I nodded my head, and she left.

Immediately, he locked the door behind him. He walked toward my bed and threw my arranged clothes on the bed. 

"You can't leave lia. You can't leave me behind" he begged.

I scoffed behind, "," scoffed. Oh, please. Are you not tired of pretending? Let me leave so that you can go back to your mate," I said in a pained voice.

"Look lia, is not what you are thinking. I was just seeing her after a long while. That was why I hugged her. It is you I want. It is you I love!" He proclaimed. His voice filled with pleading pain.

I shook my head. Why does everyone think I am a fool? That I am easily convinced. "I saw the way you looked at her. Luca. You have never and will never look at me that way!"

"I can't look at you that way! Whatever you are seeing is not real. I have never shared a bond with anyone. Yes, she is my mate, but she is not the love of my life and she would never be. Do you know I was content with having a threesome with her, but I could not even bear the thought of sharing you with anyone? When I first came. I knew you were Dean's wife, but I could not stop myself from wanting you. I decided to go against my morale and have you. I can't live without you," he pleaded.

A sigh escaped my lips. His confession softened whatever anger was within me, but I could not. "I am leaving with Finn. You will stay with Jenny for a while and when you are sure you will know where to find me but with what I just saw. I can't stay here and besides, she has come to stay. I need to go," I said. "Luca, please. Let me go," I pleaded. If he said one more word, I was going to melt away.

His eyes softened with pain, and his neatly combed hair was already rough. He was still wearing the suit we used for the date. How come we were separated on our date?

He walked towards me and cupped my cheek. "Here is what I will propose. You can stay with him but I will come for you lia. I would kill him and my mate for you. Burn the pack and reveal who I am. Consequence be damned," he said.

I nodded "Okay," I said. He raised my head to meet his and kissed me. Claimed me, marked me. The kiss was rough with pain and desire.

"I will miss you," he said amidst the kiss, then he broke it. Leaving me for more. See you soon. He said and walked out, leaving me wanting more, carving for more.

###chapter 69

Lia pov

I called Daina and watched as she arranged my clothes for my departure. I haven't seen Dean ever since Finn came. Guess he never cared for me.

A knock on the door interrupted my packing session. "Come in," I said.

The door opened, revealing Lorenzo. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes and ask him out. What had he come here to do? To ask me out of the palace, if that was the case I already knew because Finn was waiting for me outside, or maybe he had come to rub it on my face and call me a whore.

I focused on zipping my luggage while the silence existed. "If you are here to watch me leave, I would advise that you go because it is not going to help. I might as well snatch your head since I am leaving"

He sighed a little and took a quick glance at my room. His eyes filled with something like pain or regret before it landed on mine again.

"You could stay, you know. We could fight him. After all, you have already rejected him." He said.

My eyes widened. Is this the same Lorenzo I had always known or is my mind playing mind games with me? What changed? I thought he hated me.

"If you can't stay with us. Stay for Luca. He needs you," He said in a pleading tone.

I scoffed. "He has a mate. I have a mate. I see no reason he should be missing me when he has someone warming his bed," I said as I took my frame from the wall.

He heaved a sigh "Lia, you know that there is some bond that is stronger than mate bond." He said.

A chuckle escaped my lips as I turned my attention towards him again. "What do you gain from my stay?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Luca was my friend before all this incident. I have never actually seen him this broken," he informed me. 

"He is acting strong but we all know the bond between them is over," he said.

Pain clutched my heart at the reminder of Luca's pained expression even after he kissed me, but he will get over it and move on. After all, he had always kept some part of himself for her.

"He will be fine, Lorenzo. You should be happy that you are finally getting rid of the whore," I said, giving him a sad smile.

He smiled back and gave me a weak smile. "I just feel your going would bring doom, but goodbye," he said and left.

Daina carried my luggage. I took one last look at the room before leaving. I wonder if Jenny would be the one to take over the room after I am gone. Maybe Luca would make love to her instead of fucking me.

Dean, Lorenzo, and everyone stood around the hall, watching me as I rolled my luggage. I scanned the room for Luca, but he was nowhere to be found.

Fresh paint paved my heart. Was he so anxious to go that he could not wait for me to leave before going to her? 

Dean walked towards me and hugged me before whispering into my ear, "He said I should tell you goodbye. He hopes you guys come back once again. And for The first time I am in support of you Guy's reunion," he said with a little chuckle.

He pulled me out of the hug and gave me a kiss on my head before walking away. Maid putting on the Finn park uniform," came to carry my bag, but Daina held it tight to herself.

"I would follow you," she said firmly. Her voice was laced with pleading and loyalty.

"Daina-" I began, but she cut me off.

"Please, my Luna. Please," she pleaded.

I nodded. Since she actually wanted to follow me, besides, I needed someone by my side. Besides, I was going to start a new life elsewhere, and I knew no one.

My heart dropped elsewhere because of all this preparation. Merlin had not crossed my mind. Would Finn be okay with him coming? No. He would never want him, and Merlin's presence would cause a problem in the pack.

Because he was Dean's problem child. I would beg Benedicta to stay with him till everyone was settled, but I needed to stop at her place before leaving.

"Lia," Finn called. He was standing behind me. I turned to him. "Let's go," he said, stretching forth his hands.

I turned to look at Dean and Lorenzo once more. They nodded their heads at me but I did not need their approval. I wanted to see Luca once more.

As if on cue, Luca came outside with Jenny. Our eyes locked for a while. I wanted to hug him, wanted to tell him that we could fight for ourselves. His eyes looked pained, and his blue eyes looked watery.

"I would look after him, myself," he said, staring at me. I smile a genuine smile for the first time. He smiled back and nodded at me. Signaling me to go.

Gosh! I never knew I would miss this place. I hadn't even stayed here for two years but I had already gotten used to the place. I got addicted to Luca.

I turned towards Finn, who gave me a smile and took my hand. It surprised me that he was so patient with me after all this while.

The guards escorted us with Daina by my side. I entered the car and Finn entered through the other way.

Immediately we entered, his smile vanished as he looked at me. "We are going to my pack, Lia. You would have to leave everything about Luca behind. You are going to be my wife and Luna, and I really don't love sharing. It would be good for us if you leave everything behind," he warned coldly.

I nodded. "I would like to see a friend," I informed him

###chapter 70
Lia pov

The ride towards Finn Pack is enveloped in heavy silence. Just the sound of our breathing and the car engine sound. He would occasionally steal a glance at me and then go back to his iPad.

How did I get here? I was meant to go back with Luca to the place. Take off his shirt, have cool sex, and then draw him, but here I was with a man I did not know taking me to a place where I knew nobody. Why did the moon goddess decide to be this wicked and separate two lovers from each other when we are usually mated within our pack? 

Maybe the moon goddess knew that Luca did not love me that much. How come Jenny resurfaced after seven years of death? Could she really be the one, or maybe an imposter? The only person who would give me an answer to that question is Finn, And I don't think Finn would tell me. He hates the fact that I am into Luca already.

I wonder if Luca would take his interest in sculpting. Maybe he will. After all, already he has his muse.

"Penny for your thoughts?" Finn asked, drawing me back from my thoughts.

A smile tugged the corner of my lips. "You don't even have a penny," I said, even though I knew he had money with him. All Alpha is rich.

"And besides, my thoughts are not that interesting," I said with a shrug, trying so hard to maintain my smile.

How would he feel if he found out that I was daydreaming about drawing Luca's body? Will he ever take an interest in what I do?

"Everything about you is interesting, lia," he said  "Tell me what you were thinking about? Was it Luca?" He asked with a hint of anger and jealousy.

I swallowed whatever was in my throat. "No. I just wanted to know If I can visit my friends before I go. I mean, none of them know I am leaving and then I want to see my guardian. She took care of me. That's if you please" I pleaded.

He stared at me for a while and I wondered what he saw when he looked at my face. "Fine, but don't try to escape, I will find you" he warned.

I nodded. Escape you,  where would I run to, and he seems to be watching my every move? I would not do something like that again.

"I won't run. I have no one to run to," I said.

He nodded. The car went back to its comfortable silence. We both to our thoughts.

"Please stop," I told the driver when we got to Lexie Street. I can't imagine that I am going to tell Lexie goodbye again.

"Should I come with you?" He asked with concern as I tried stepping outside. I shook my head." Don't worry. She does not know you." I said. He nodded, he opened his mouth to say something,,  but immediately closed his mouth.

I closed the door behind me and went to Lexie's house. I took in a heavy breath as I knocked on the door. For years she had been my best friend and had protected me even before I became Luna and I usually missed her a few times.

If I am being truthful, I preferred when I was not Luna. Life was easier without it, but then again I would not have met Luca.

I knocked on the door thrice before it opened. She was putting on a shirt black leather band applied some makeup.

Her face turned into a frown as she looked at me. She stepped aside for me to enter.

"What happened? You don't look happy?" She asked, her voice laced with concern.

"Did something happen to Merlin? And where is Luca? Don't tell me he played with your feelings again? I thought you said you were convincing him to go on a date with you?" She asked.

I nodded as tears gathered in my eyes. "I am fine, Lexie. I.. I just wanted to tell you,"" I informed her.

She raised her eyebrows "Goodbye, eyebrows. Goodbye? Where are you going?" She asked as she led me to a couch.

She disappeared into the kitchen came back with a glass of juice, and gave one to me.

"You know Finn is my mate," I said, and she nodded her head. I remember how she had asked me to stay with Luca instead of Finn.

"He came to take me today. I am going to his pack" 

"Why?" she asked, then her eyes widened with realization. "Oh, no," she muttered.

"Did Luca let you go just like that? what did Dean say, or did Luca betray you?" She asked.

I shook my head. "He has a mate, Lexie. Jenny is alive," I announced.

She spat out the juice in her mouth as she coughed, hitting her chest a little. "Jenny is alive? But she died seven years ago. That was the reason behind the feud between them."

"I know but she is in the palace right now with Luca"

"How? I mean, how did she enter? What was her story? Why did she disappear?" She asked.

I shook my head. I did not know about her story. Luca had refused to open up about them. All he told me was that Dean killed his mate, who he loved and he, in return, killed his mother.

How come she had been with Finn all this while? Something did not just sound right between them. Could this be a ploy? 

"Finn had her. He asked Luca to let me go and Luca refused. So he said a mate for a mate-

"And Luca, let you go? Seriously?" she asked.

"Ahh, not exactly. He let go of me to meet Jenny. Although he begged me to stay, I refused. There was no reason to stay when he had a mate. So I left. I am going to Benedicta's place" to tell her about the news and leave" I informed her.

"So, when are we going to see each other again?" She asked.

"I will always call you and maybe I will visit you one day," I said.

"Okay, I will miss you," she said with a trembling voice as she hugged me tightly.

"Me too" I whisper back.

By the time we pulled away from each other, my eyes were already filled with unshed tears.

I took a gulp of the drink and walked towards the door. "I will see you soon," I said and hugged her for the last time before leaving.

###chapter 71

Lia pov.

I take in a shaky breath to ensure that I look okay before I get into the car. I would not want Finn to see me like this, but thinking about the fact that I might not see Lexie again brings in a fresh flow of tears.

Immediately I got into the car, I turned my face towards the other side and pulled my hair to one side, preventing Finn from seeing my face or my pain.

"Do you hate me?" Finn asks me, his deep velvet voice sending shivers down my spine, he seems closer than usual. Goosebumps cover my body, why is he so close he is me. when did he leave the other end of the car?

I shake my head and clean the tears.  "No, I don't. You are my mate why would I hate you?" I ask.

"I don't know. Maybe for taking you away from your friends, in a short period. You have been crying since you got into the car. Seems like she was pretty close to you"

I nod, unable to say anything. Of course, she is close to me. She was my best friend. "She's my best friend. It means a lot to me," I reply.

He nods and I feel him return back to the end of the car. Having him close was already enough torture. The fact that he is my mate and I am drawn towards him but I can't stop myself from thinking about Luca, and. I run my hands around my kind black hair in frustration.

I hate when I don't know what I want.

"Lia, look at me," he commands softly. I turn around to meet his honey-brown eyes.

"You haven't said a word since we left the place and it's kind of sickening. I am your mate. I can feel your feelings and sometimes place my hands on your thoughts. Luca has been filling your thoughts and I know it's difficult for you, but it's hurting me. You told me that you wanted more time with the people you love. You never told me you were asking for more time with your lover. While I waited, you warmed another person's bed," he complained, his voice soft with pain.

My anger melted at once at his speech. It was true, in reality, I was his mate. He deserved some space in my heart, but I had a lot of shared memory with him.

To make up for my misconduct I said. "I'm sorry"

"Don't be. Just open your heart and try to give me a chance. It would be worth it," he promised.

A smile tugged my lips as I nodded. "Are you still going to see your guardian?" He asked.

"Yes, it is some meters away from here," thanked the moon goddess reminding me about my visit.

A few minutes later, the car stopped at Benedicta's cottage. I stepped outside, grateful that he did not offer to follow me in.

I rang the doorbell twice, and Benedicta opened it. Her face turned into a frown as she stared at me and the convoy of cars that were at her door.

She stepped aside for me to come in. The nostalgic scent of herbs hit my nostrils. My foot felt so soft on her rug. The television was on, but Merlin was not in sight.

"Is it true?" She asked me as I took my seat. She was standing before me, her hands on her waist. A habit that she protested anytime she was angry.

"About Finn?"

"Yes, about Finn, and also about Luca and Jenny. Is Jenny actually back and why'd Finn take you away? I thought Luca said he would never let you go. He looked happy whenever you were around" she inquired,," a hint of worry laced her voice.

"Yes, inquired,," and he truthfully did not want me to go. Besides, you don't expect me to stay there with an unloving husband, a liver who has a mate who was his first lover, and a beta who hates me, and besides, Finn seems sincere." I explained.

Her face softened gradually as she inspected me. Her eyes searched my face, looking for any sign of discomfort.

"Do you really want to go with him?" she asked.

"Yes, Finn is my mate. I don't think the moon goddess would punish me twice," I said and added, "Where is Merlin?" I asked 

Merlin ran inside from the corridor with a car toy in his hands. He hugged me tightly as he mumbled, "Mummy"

Tears filled my eyes. He had grown taller than last time. Tears filled his blue eyes. He broke from my embrace and took a quick glance at the room.

"Where is Dad?" He asked. My heart sank at the mention of Dad. He was talking about Luca for sure.

I cleared my throat. "He is quite busy. I came alone".  I informed him.

He looked at me with a frown for a while before he shrugged. alone, "Okay. Come, let me show you my toy house. I made it a week ago. Benedicta helped me and Dad brought the woods for it," He said as he dragged my hands.

I followed him to his room. To see the wooden house he had made with little wood. He had his cars placed around it with a doll inside.

"Who is this?" I asked, opening the door.

"Bella. She's my friend. Dad named her," he informed me with delight in his voice. 

Luca never told me he visited him this often. He showed me around his wooden house for a while before Benedicta knocked.

"It's almost seven, lia. You have kept him waiting enough" 

"No. You never come by and you are to leave so early. It has not been up to two hours," Merlin complained.

My heart broke at the thought of leaving him, but I had to. "I will be back. Next week Saturday. I promise"

"No! If you leave, I will not talk to you again. I keep on asking about you and you never visit!" He shouted.

Tears welled up in in my eyes. I felt like a failure right now. I should be with my son and give him motherly love, yet I was running away with a mate who did not know about his existence.

His eyes softened at my tears. "Don't cry, mom." He said and cleaned my tears with his thumb.

"Bye," he said lowly and returned to his house. He did not even bother to give me a hug. He was used to letting me go.

"Bye, I love you," I said and hugged him.

I washed my face in the washroom to make sure I looked okay and then left the house after hugging Benedicta. I would find a way to come and see him.

I entered the car to meet Finn, still on his laptop. He just glanced at me and returned to his laptop. 

The driver started driving. I watched as it passed the symbol of the Attic Pack. I had finally left my home to a place I did not know.

###chapter 72

Lia pov

Bloodhound pack is an entirely different pack from my home. When I say they are different, I mean they have their own law and norms, but they behave differently.

For instance, we have an organized pack. We all know where the market is, and where the cinema is, and most of them dress according to their rank, making it easy to identify, and every commercial institution is owned by the Alpha family.

Whereas, in Finn pack. There are different little stalls, with various cinemas and other locations and they bear different individual names lastly, I do not see anyone dressing according to their rank.

This is strange. I mean, how do they make their money if they don't own things and how do I know that I am not about to run into a rogue or greet a council elder with a little respect?

Clearing my throat, I decided to ask Finn, "Who owns the cinema and other commercial places?" I ask, clearly making sure I do not sound insulting.

"The wolves" he really likes it means nothing. To me, the investment of the pack is what gives the Alpha and his family power.

"So how do you make your money if everything is owned by the wolves?"

"We tax them and they pay," he replied nonchalantly his eyes still on his laptop.

"You mean you charge people for their hard-earned money?" nonchalantly, I asked. My palm closed my mouth immediately the words escaped. Seems like I sounded like I was accusing them of stealing from the people.

I remembered the only time when Dean's father had tried this policy, the elders had succeeded in almost running the pack bankrupt with high taxes. It ended in a shamble.

"No, lia. We have an organized system different from the ones you have. It has been in existence for a while. So be rest assured that we are not exploring them," he explained with a smile while his eyes gracefully grasped my body.

"You would make a good Luna. You seem so interested in making sure the people are well taken care of," he added with a smile.

A pink hue caressed my cheeks, and I turned to the other side, noting the landscape.

We finally stopped at the palace. I watched as the palace gate opened, revealing a castle. It was made up of three different mansions. Beautiful birds such as peacocks stroll around. Everyone seems to be doing something. All the maids are wearing uniformed material.

Immediately the car stops at the car pack. A guard opened the door for me to step aside. A young girl around Daina's' age rushed to me with a bowed head.

"My name is Annabel and I will be your new handmaid," she introduced herself.

My eyes scanned her from the hallow of her shoes to her ponytail-packed hair. Then it found dainas. She had followed me because she wanted to be with me. She is the only loyal servant who was by my side.

Finn stood beside me. It seems they had already known that I was coming today. The walkway already had flowers adorning it.

"No need Annabel, I already have a handmaid who followed me from my pack," I said with a smile.

She looked shocked but kept a blank face. Her face moved to Finn's. "She would be your second one, lia. You are a stranger here but she is the most trusted amongst all," he said.

I nodded quietly and took his palm. My palm felt so small on its own. The guards and the maid followed us at our back in absolute silence.

We got to the center building and entered inside. Everyone was so busy, that they immediately bowed and continued their duty.

"This is my house. This is where we are going to be staying," he said.

As if in a clue. The other servant rushed upstairs. Maybe here, in to arrange my thing.

"Do you like the palace?" He asked and added, "If you don't, we can change the decoration to suit your taste," he said.

I shook my head even though I loved white than the black aesthetic that his house had. Later,. Maybe later, added, when I had gotten comfortable with it, I would ask for a change.

"Come, let me show you around, " he said. I followed him to a large room upstairs. It had canvas and different paints. 

"This is our gallery. You can paint and draw in it," he said.

"A gallery?" I asked. Who the hell had a gallery in his house? Seems their pack is way richer than mine.

"Yes, I figured out that you are an artist and decided to have a gallery for you," he said with a smile.

I narrow my eyes to a split. How did you know I am an artist" I asked.

A dark chuckle escaped my lips "Trust me Lia I know everything about you including things Dean never knew about"

Oh, my god. With the way he talked with confidence, Oh, it meant he knew much about me.

Panic rose between me. What about Merlin?


###chapter 73
Luca POV

She's gone. Like she is really gone. After all the promises and all the sacrifices, she is gone. She did not bother fighting for us. She just left with Finn.

I know I was kind of a coward for hugging Jenny when she came, but I missed her. I had always missed her. I missed her to the point that my heart ached at the mention of her name. So it was only natural to hug her, but I expected Lia to understand and not just decide to leave me alone. 

Does she think she would be happy there? With a man that she does not know? Finn might even try to harm her and she has no one.

I rake my hands on my hair as different thoughts cross my mind. Jenny is in my room waiting for me to come and talk to her as usual. If it was the former me, I would have done that. Maybe kiss her all the way to the bedroom and make love to her, but I was different. Lia had changed me and left with a part of me.

"You know you eventually have to talk to her?" Dean said, breaking me from my thoughts.

I glared at him with disdain. "Since when did my life become your business?" I asked him. I knew Jenny was the root of the problem, but that did not change the fact that he tried killing me a few times. He was the one who started with the stabbing saga.

He shrugs. "Come on, man, she is alive. What is the reason for the beef? I let you have Lia even though she was my wife because I was sorry. But now she is here and Lia is gone. You have your mate and I have no one, no mate, no wife, no Luna," he explained.

A part of my heart melted at his pathetic speech but that did not change the fact of what he did over the past years. He talks as if he mistakenly tried to kill Jenny when in reality it was worse than that. He wanted to have sex with her and even asked her to cheat on me several times.

I blame him for everything. If he had not done this, I would have not bothered following Lia to take revenge. And if I did not follow her to speak, avenge him, I would never have fallen for her. My life would have been so simple, with no feelings attached to it, and I would have gone back to Jenny immediately. She returned instead of pacing around here, trying to remember why I fell for her the first time.

I know she is my mate but the bond I shared with Lia is stronger than this. What should I do?

As if in a clue, Jenny strolled outside to meet me and Dean. Our eyes locked with each other, with no feeling attached. Normally my heart would have been out of my chest by mating low, but our gaze felt empty and irritating.

I drew my eyes from her face and gazed down at her body. Fuck! Not moved. I didn't even get a lustful erection, now, which was strange because only looking at lia eyes, I would have been on the ground by now.

"Luca, you can't even look at me," she said slowly with pain.

My jaw clenched as I looked at her, forcing myself to say the obligatory word "I'm sorry. I have been busy," I lied. 

I have not been busy. I do not just want to see you. You are not my lia.

The maids came in with boxes and advanced towards my room side. "Where are you going with this luggage?" I asked.

Annabel answered, "She instructed us to take it to the room next to yours," she said.

"No! You wouldn't. You would not move her things into Lia's room. Take it elsewhere," I said without thinking. It felt like a sacrilege or like I was cheating on Lia for me to move my mate's things into her room.

I can't. I can't just let everything go like that. That room held memories. Memories I would not want to erase.

"Why? Lia has a mate, Luca. She is gone," Jenny said as a matter of fact.

I walked past them and turned towards them. "Take it to the guest room," I ordered and turned to Jenny. "We are not yet married. You do not get to disappear for seven years and reappear and think I would accept you" 

"But-" she began.

But I raised my palmitate,, years signaling her to shut up. "I have had enough for today," I said and walked towards my room.

Everything still reminded me of her. Her lavender hair scent still lingered around my room.

I sat on my bed with an empty soul. I picked up my pillow and sniffed it, without exhaling. I let her scent intoxicate me and remind me of how her long black hair caressed my face when I tickled her.

A knock on the door interrupted my thought. I groaned as I saw Jenny walk inside with a calm look. She still has that milky creamy body and blue eyes. Eyes, but nothing felt attractive again.

She stood before me with soft eyes "What do you want?" I asked, lacking patience.

She sat beside me and I felt tempted to send her out, saying, "You have changed, Luca."

I scoffed. out, "What were you expecting? For me to sit here and wait for you. Were you expecting me to still be in love with you?" I asked her. 

She nodded "Yes. I was away for seven years and I am still in love with you," she said in a gentle tone.

What the hell? Did she take me for a fool or what? She expected me to remain in love with her after catching her in bed with my cousin? Seriously

###chapter 74
Luca POV

I turned to face her, seeming genuinely honest. "Tell me, Jenny. What does it look like inside your brain?" I asked.

Her eyes widened, and she seemed shocked by my question.

"What do you mean?" 

"Don't you know how to interpret English?. Or has cheating also eaten your interpretation aspect?" 

"Luca, I am sorry," she apologized.

A chuckle escaped my lips "You cheated on me and left without a single word and you expect me to still be in love with you? You still expect me to worship your cheating ass?" I asked angrily.

A glint of anger passed through her eyes as she took in deep lips. sorry, breath to control herself and spoke in a sensually soft voice, "I am sorry Luca, Dean left me with no choice"

"Well, I left you with a choice, and that is to be with me. Be my mate and stand by me, out of choice, but you didn't. instead, you opened your legs for my cousin the moment I was gone and claimed he killed you"

She scoffed, looking unapologetic. "You criticize me as if Lia did not open her legs for you while her husband was here"

That was it. That was the sign I needed to throw her out of my room. I grabbed her by her hair and dragged her up.

"Say another word about Lia and I would make the lie you told about your death come to life. Get. Out." I ordered.

"Seriously? You are sending me out for lia?"

"Yes, and I would have sent you out for anyone. Now Get out and make sure you're in the guest house and not in the Lia room.

She rearranged her clothes and walked toward the door and opened it. She stopped on her track and turned to me.

"We are not yet over and for your information. Lorenzo is here," she said and left.

Seriously! Can I be left alone for a moment? Like, just one moment without anyone offering me sympathy or showing their whorish presence.

What on earth did Lorenzo want from me now? I thought I had told Dean to stay away from me. 

Lorenzo walked inside with squared shoulders and his permanent poker face oozing his cowardice. He stopped before me with a grin. He scanned through my entire room and returned to my face. His grin is still intact.

"If you knew how stupid you look with that grin you would wipe it off and say whatever brought you here"

His grin grew awkwardly wider before it disappeared immediately. "I see you haven't gotten over Lia. You actually fell for her?" He asked, his voice softer than usual.

I struggled to defer if he was saying this out of pity or amusement. What happened to his sarcastic badass tone?

"What do you want?" I asked with a serious tone. I did not care if he was here as a friend or as a beta or as a coward.

"We have an enemy inside, sarcastic," he pointed out. I furrowed my eyebrows. What did he mean by an enemy inside? All our minds were asked to swear an oath of loyalty before the moon goddess asking her to take their life if they ever turned against us in any way.

"And who is this enemy?" I asked.

He cleared his throat, and looked at me for a while as if he was trying to predict how I was going to react to what he was about to say "Jenny"

My eyes narrowed to a split. "Jenny?" I asked, and he nodded.

"How?"

He took a step towards ""She is an enemy. We are not even sure if she is a witch. We are not sure if she is an imposter and why would she come back to the pack if not because she wanted something and believe it or not? "Dean was not the one who ordered her death. Do you think if Dean was pursuing her, he would give her a chance to write a letter to you claiming that Dean was after her? Yes, he might have slept with her, but he would not want to kill you. We were like brothers back then and you and I know he loved you," he explained.

I raised my eyebrows as I glanced at him. Wondering where he was going. "So,. What do you mean?" I asked.

"Dean wants us to meet at his office right now and talk. We need to know what Jenny wants before we accept her," he said with urgency.

I nodded and followed him to the Dean's office. He sat in his chair while a maid poured wine into three fresh glasses.

He gestured at both of us to sit down. I sat beside Lorenzo, still carrying a frown on my face.

"What do you have that is so important to say?"

He raised his glass to the air. "First, I would like to offer a truce to us," he said.

Lorenzo raised his glass to the air, waiting for me to raise mine. I glared at them. " And how am I sure that this drink is not poisoned?" I asked with a frown.

"It is not, Luca. We were friends and brothers," Dean said.

I looked at them for a while, studying their expression before I raised the glass. Not like I trusted them. The only person I trusted was gone, so there was really no need.

He clicked the glass and took a gulp before he said, "What do you know about Jenny? Her appearance is so sudden," he said.

A smile crept on my lip. I leaned into the chair. " Well, I know she was my mate. I know you fucked her and I know you wanted to get the dead," I said nonchalantly.

Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. "Luca, I am being serious. Does she have any background or anyone outside here that she might have gone to?" He asked.

"Well, I think that question should be for Finn because he was the one that brought her back and took my life with him"

He raised an eyebrow. "You do realize that you are talking about my wife," he said with a tone of entitlement. 

I scoffed and tilted my head. "Whatever," I said and sat up. "I don't know anything about her, but I think we can ask Sabrina. But for the time being, I don't want her in Lia's room and I am serious. If we are to remain friends," I declared. 

He seemed taken aback by the tone of my voice or how obsessed I was with his wife but that's none of my business.

He could call her his wife for all I cared. We both know who owned her. She was mine immediately, I set my eyes on her.

A knock came on the door and a guard entered. "Sabrina is here," he said

"Let her in," he ordered.

Sabrina walked in with a smile and she was dressed in a long flowing gown, and a long coral bead necklace. She turned to me with a smile.

"I have a message for you," she said in a dreadful calm voice

###chapter 75


Luca pov

"I have a message for you," Sabrina said smiling at me. 

I looked at Dean and Lorenzo. They both had raised eyebrows on their faces as they scanned Sabrina's face, trying to detect what was wrong. Why would she be here?

I sat up, facing her. "Go on," I said with a tone of nonchalance. Trying my best to convey to her that she could say anything before them.

She glanced at them and then at the office. She walked around the office, her heels making a sound.

"serious?" She asked with a raised eyebrow, her voice deepened with anger as she glared at me.

I nodded. She plastered a smile on her face and continued walking around.

"Nice decor," she said in an overly bored tone. I rolled my eyes in return. She has been to the place before. Why would she be saying that?

I heaved a sigh "sigh. Sabrina, you have been here before. Don't you think that is an unnecessary compliment?" I asked.

She stopped and smiled at me, then used her fingers to caress the shelves. And don't you think it is foolish of you to join hands with your enemy?" She asked.

Dean's nostrils flared. He had never liked Sabrina right from time. "We are one now," he said. 

A chuckle escaped her lips. "Why?" She asked.

Dean opened his mouth to talk but she shunned him "Oh, I know the reason. Jenny is back, so everyone is back to being friends. Right?" She asked 

Dean curled his hands into a fist on the table. This was the reason he hated witches. If it was a wolf talking to him like that, the wolf would have been dead before saying the next word. But Sabrina was a witch. The highest witch in the pack. She can never be tamed.

"Get. Out" he ordered.

She glared at him and turned to me. "Come with me," she said.

I looked at them and at her. Lorenzo nodded his head in acceptance and I left with her.

She strolled towards my room and closed the door behind her as soon as I entered.

"What is the meaning of that?" I asked, feigning ignorance.

"What is the meaning of what you just portrayed in the Dean's office? How did Dean form an alliance with you?" She asked, her voice deep with anger.

I moved from the door I was leaning on to my bed. "Jenny is back. It means that there is no need to hold Dean responsible for her death. So I decided it's time we go back to the way we were before Jenny came," I replied. I knew she would be angry with me for becoming friends with Dean after what he did to me, but I also wronged him. I also tried to kill him.

She moved towards me, her veins throbbing by her neck as she tried to curtail her anger. She bent towards me, glaring at me for a while before taking a calm breath.

"Let me remind you about your life before Jenny came. You were a rogue and were occasionally mocked by Dean and Lorenzo. In fact, they insulted you in front of the entire pack. While you took it as a joke, they gradually mocked you before everyone's eyes. Everyone knew you as a weak rogue and when you found your mate, he became jealous. He mocked your affair and advised you to leave her whenever you and Jenny quarreled only for him to jump back to her bed the moment you were gone and when you tried to attack him. Lorenzo told you to loosen up and that she was just a girl while you and I know that if anything were to happen to his mate. When the time came to choose sides, he chose Dean's side not because he likes Dean more but because it is safer. Dean tried killing you so many times, all in the name of Lia and you, and I know that he doesn't love her that much, and let's not forget that Lorenzo attacked you when you tried to save Lia. I was the one who rescued you. Now that Jenny is back, do you think she is back because she missed you?" She asked.

"Do you think she would choose you over the opportunity of becoming a  Luna? choose You are a hybrid! Luca! a hybrid! But they have looked down on you for so long, calling you a rogue. You are a hybrid! Be a hybrid and not a rogue! Be as cunning as Jenny and Dean and as wise as Lorenzo. Don't ever make the mistake of trusting them and I thought you loved Lia? She asked in a hoarse voice.

I swallowed hard. "I do," I replied in a deep voice. With Jenny around I have not thought about Lia.

She shook her head. "No, you don't," she said, her voice filled with disappointment and blame.

"I do! You know I love her, but she left me! She left me for Finn. She just walked away even though I told her to stay," I retorted. I can't believe she is the one blaming me. I sacrificed a lot for Lia. Gave up my identity for her.

"Stay? Stay with a man who has a mate. A man who hugged his mate passionately?" She asked in a sarcastic tone.

My nostrils flared as I curled my hand. "You were not there" 

"Oh yes, I was. I saw it. What is the use of my magic if not to use it for my advantage" she asked.

I inhaled sharply. So she knew. Why was she blaming me? I pinched the bridge of my nose.," "Sabrina, okay, fine. You have blamed me for all you want. What do I do? And since you are omniscient, why is Jenny here?" I asked.

A smile of satisfaction tugged her lips. Of course, she loved being acknowledged.

"Firstly, always put lia first. And Jenny, never trust her. She does not seem pure. Make sure no one knows about your ability," she warned.

I nodded even though I was disappointed because she did not know what Jenny wanted.

She opened her mouth to say something but shut it when a knock interrupted our conversation.

"Are you expecting someone?" She asked.

I shrugged "I am a Royal. I am always needed"

Her face changed into a frown as she pointed at me. "Be careful," she warned and walked towards the door.

I followed her back to see who was at the door. My face turned into a frown when I saw Jenny.

Seriously? Can I be left alone?

Sabrina looked at me with a warning gaze and left me to my ex-mate.
###chapter 76

Luca pov.

I groaned in frustration immediately I saw Jenny's plastered smile. Seriously? What did this girl want? I thought I drove her out of my room a moment ago. Frustration washed within me, itching my skin. I needed time to concentrate, time to think about what Sabrina just said. To know which side I should be on. What I needed was a cool bath, playing Lia's white Mustang, a song I felt was too feminine till now. Now that she was gone, I would gladly attach myself to anything that would give me a close connection with Lia. Not this twat that was standing before me with a fake smile.

"What do you want?" I asked with a bored expression. I did not even try to hide my anger.

Her face fell as I spoke. "you seem so in a hurry to dismiss me," she said in a disappointed tone.

I nodded, too tired to kid or feign concern. "Yes. Jenny, I want to be left alone"

"But I am your mate and we need to work things out. You know that. Lia is gone and I am here. She is properly fucking Finn"

Anger itched within my skin. I closed my eyes to unheard what she just said. And block my mind from the image that flooded my vision. Images of Lia's pink full lip wrapped around his cock.

I knew what she was trying to do. She was trying to get into my head, trying to make me hate Lia but that is something that was never going to work. I would never hate Lia.

I faced her this time ready to watch her disappointed face "Keep Lia out of your mouth and keep this at the back of your mind that not everyone is like you. Some people are loyal. Now get out," I said, banging the door against her.

She put her feet in between the door, stopping it from closing. I raked my hands through my hair as irritation spiked within me.

"I have heard what you said, but we are not done. I am not leaving here until we talk like couples"

"That's the thing, Jenny. We are not couples and we will never be now leave!" I shouted as anger burst within me.

The guards by the side of the door flinched at the impact of my outburst.

"No! Luca. We are not done. We are not over! I came back for you and I will not stop till I get you," she shouted with desperation as tears filled her eyes.

And for a moment I was tempted to believe her that she came here for my sake, but I knew she did not. For the past seven years, she did not bother contacting me or anyone at all. She left everything behind.

I heaved a sigh and stepped aside for her to come in, not because my heart had softened but because I knew Jenny. She never gave up.

She walked in and sat on the bed. I stood in front of her, refusing to leave.

Her eyes softened as she looked at me. "Look Luca, I know you hate me, but people make mistakes. I made a mistake by having an affair with your cousin but believe me when I say he tricked me. You also cheated on me with Lia but I would forgive you and put everything behind if you will. I still love you, Luca," she said. She looked at me for a while, waiting for an outburst from me before she continued.

"You know, when I escaped from Luca I wanted to die. To give up and leave this world, but each time I did that, I imagine the raw pain you would feel if I died and I lived. I knew we were going to reunite together, and that we were going to have Vermont," she said.

A smile tugged my lip at the hearing of Vermont. It was a place I had foolishly promised her that I would take her to after my marriage.

Whatever she just said was true. I felt pain when she left for a while. I thought of consuming suicide. Especially when I was sent out of the pack for treason, but Sabrina saved me. That is why I would always be grateful to her, even though she is a pain in the ass.

 However, what pissed me off in this heartfelt speech she just gave was the right she had to tell me that I cheated on her with Lia. It is ridiculous. You don't ever refer to love as cheating.

I turned to her to examine her face, her brown eyes, and those lips I once lusted after. I obeyed every word that came out of my lips, but I would never do that again.

"Lia was not a fling Jenny. I fell in love with her. You know how I used to allow you to have a threesome with Bianca. I could not bring myself to have the thought of seeing anyone with Lia but me. I could not cope with the idea of someone having her body, be it male or female. Ask Dean I fought with him because he tried to have her. That is love, Jenny. I wanted a smile on her face over everything. We are different, Jenny," I said.

Her jaw tightened with anger. "Luca you can't deny that you never felt a thing for me but since you have decided to, I would leave you at that for now. Soon you will come crawling towards me. You have always enjoyed my pussy over others," she said, then smiled at me.

"Till then I propose I offer a truce. We become partners and I can help bring down Dean and Finn together. He wronged me and I want to get back at him, Finn also Wronged me and they deserve to die," she said with a creepy smile.

Bile welled up within me. I can't believe that I was once in love with this girl. She came back to seek revenge on Finn and  Dean. 

I leaned toward her only keeping a little space between us "Now listen to me you obnoxious brat if you lay a hand on Dean I would have your head and if you kill Finn or try to do that and harm Lia I would use your name to make a perfect horror story. The Luca you know is gone now," I said and grabbed her by her hair as I dragged her out.

Good riddance.
###chapter 77

Lia pov.

Dread crept into my skin at Finn's words. He fixed his gaze on me with a permanent creepy smile. What was he talking about? What did he know about me that others did not know?

I swallowed hard as I tried to pacify whatever was willing up within. I cleaned my hand on my skirt even though I knew my face was filled with guilt already.

"What are you talking about?" I asked in a sudden, calm voice that contrasted how I was feeling inside.

He shrugged and strolled towards me, his arms wrapped against his chest. "Well, I did a brief check" up on you. I got to know about who raised you. What is her name again?" He asked.

Fear blocked my throat as I tried to speak "Benedicta" I said.

He nodded."Thanks for the correction. Don't mind me, I forgot about her nod. But with time, I would meet her. You know, I don't have a mother of my own, so my wife's mother would automatically be mine. Who is that boy that lives with her?" He asked.

At this time, sweat was already tricking down my spine. Heat cloaked my skin even though the air can was on. Maybe it was because he was really close and also because of the question he just asked.

He knew Merlin. Someone knew about Merlin's existence. It was really dangerous. Imagine he got to know about him. Would he kill me and my son? Would he seize him and take him as a hostage to mock Dean? Gosh! Dean might even deny Merlin. What would I do? Images of Merlin shouting my name to free him while he was locked behind bars filled my head.

"Lia!" I could hear Merlin or Dean shouting at me. "Lia!" The voice came again, this time closer than usual.

The snap of fingers at my front brought me back from my thoughts. "I asked you a question," Finn said.

I flinched and turned to him. "What?" I asked in a scared voice.

"I asked who it was. the boy, Benedicta is always with"

"He.. He.. he is her sister's son. The sister died while giving birth," I said.

Sympathy watched his face as his eyes softened. He placed his hands on my shoulders. I am so sorry. Was that the reason why you seemed uncomfortable when I asked the story? Look lia. I would never bring it up again. Just wanted to know more about you" he said.

I nodded with understanding. Of course. He did not know the implication of what he just asked.

He drew me in for a hug, wrapping his arms around my waist. I sniffed his scent and reasoned the scent that filled my nose was identical to Luca's scent. I closed my eyes to the comfort of the scent as it calmed my fear. Gradually, I wrapped my arms around his back.

He stroked my back trying to soothe me, but all I could think of was Luca. He used to comfort me this way, especially when I got scared of Merlin's safety. 

"Aww, you are already hugging each other," a high-pitched feminine voice said.

I quickly drew myself out of the hug even though I felt reluctance rumble over his body. I turned to meet a girl standing at our front with a wide, white smile. A man stood close to her, his arms on her waist. Maybe he was her husband.

She was wearing a long blue bodycon dress, enhancing her shape. She packed her hair high ponytail with a dropping blue earring. Her bag was also blue, and she had shades of blue blush on her face. She seemed to have a" blue color.

Finn cleared his throat as he introduced her" Lia, meet Ava, my younger sister" he said.

She threw her hands into the air." I am his twin sister. He is not older than me. I just let him go before me to see the world, then came out two minutes later." She said with a playful smile.

"Blab for all you want, Ava. I am your older brother," he said.

I looked at the both of them, brother, trying to see the difference between them. They actually looked alike.

"I am lia. His mate," I said.

She nodded with a knowing smile. Of course, she knew that I was his mate. I don't think her twin brother would keep such a secret from her. 

The man beside him walked towards me and stretched forth his hands. "I am Killian, Ava's mate, and Finn's best friend" he introduced while I took his handshake. They seem to be united.

"Oh please, you are my brother-in-law "" Friend,, you seized being my best friend the day you looked at my sister with lustful eyes, "" Finn replied with a smile even though anger laced his tone.

Kilan gave him a tight smile. "Losen up man. It would do you some good," he said.

Finn's muscles tightened as he glared at him, while the killer " returned his look with a smile.

"Let me show you around," Ava said to brighten up the tense mood. I guess Finn had refused to forgive his best friend for fucking his sister.

Finn drew me to himself as he tightened his arm around me. "She just arrived."We're not done talking," he said in a deadpan serious tone. Then, to ease the tension, he said, "Stop looking at me like that. You have your husband. Let me spend time with my mate," he said.

Ava nodded. Mate, "Yeah, spend all the day with her. I would still be closer to her than you," she said and hugged me. "I am so happy. I finally have a sister," she said and walked away with Killian.

As soon as they were gone, Finn turned to me. She can be clingy sometimes," he apologized.

I nodded my head with understanding. "And what about Killian? You seem to have a tension between the both of you," I said.

Of that, his eyes darkened for a while as he looked at me. He broke my trust. Slept with my sister. I would have forgiven him for that, but he broke her heart again and when he discovered she had a mate, he killed the mate. He denied her that, the comfortable late bond," He said, his voice filled with pain.

"My sister might have forgiven him but I can't," he said.

I opened my mouth to say something but," he dragged me "Come,, but let me show you the other side of the palace"
###chapter 78


Lia pov

"This is the main palace where we gather together and host parties. We would be having a party tomorrow where I would introduce you to everyone as their Luna," he said,," his arms wrapped around my waist as we stood inside the hall. 

I restrained the urge to remove his arms from my body. How can he be so comfortable? I mean, we just met, and he is already all warm and cozy.

"They have all been waiting for you. You don't know how thankful I am that I met you and that you agreed to follow me even when you had a thing with your husband's brother," he said in a nonjudgmental tone.

I bit my tongue from telling him that he was the love of my life and probably the only man I would ever give my heart to. Luca had shown me how great love can be. Just the thought of him comforted me.

Instead of telling him those words, I asked, "You talk as if I am some savior you have been waiting for. Surely you would have been sleeping with someone else"

"Nahh. I am not really the flirting type and it scared the shit out of me when I could not find a mate especially since my sister and everyone around me have found one and you know the power of an Alpha is his mate," he said.

I nodded even though I did not understand how the power of an Alpha lay in his mate

 I did not bother asking. Although I felt thankful that he had been waiting for me.

For a moment, I wondered what it would be like if I fell in love with him. Would he treat me like Luca did? Would he put me first before everything?

"I did not have a wolf when I met Dean. Or I had a wolf, but it wasn't a strong one. Dean was disappointed. Very disappointed. He rejected me immediately, but his father insisted we get married," I said and turned to him.

"Would you have rejected me if you found out that I did not have a wolf?" I asked. I needed to know. Because Luca loved me even when I did not have my wolf. He was the one who persuaded Sabrina to do the ritual that made me regain my wolf. I wondered what life would have been like without him. I would have still been in the restaurant serving wolves.

He turned towards me, and his eyes scanned my face. "I would have loved you for who you are," he said as he caressed my cheek. 

"Let's go," he said as he took me round the palace.

We stopped at the third building. ", This is the staff quarters, and this is also where the main cooking takes place." He explained as we entered inside.

All the maids bowed down as we walked past them. The place suddenly became quiet. It felt strange to be accorded such respect. I mean, in Dean's palace; they bowed before me but gossiped at my back. They never kept quiet because of me.

A tall model-like lady walked towards me and bowed at the both of us. She took my hands and said "My Luna" before kissing it.

Then she turned to Finn., they maintained eye contact with each other for a while "I will be back" he said and left me in the middle of everyone's attention.

Shock filled me. Who could be that girl that he willingly left me for? He could have said he was busy or had the courtesy to return me back to my room? I didn't even know the way around.

I stared at the clock. It was seven o'clock. Pain bottled my chest at the thought of what I and Luca would have been doing. 

We would have been in his room or mine eating our meal and after that I would play Lana Del Rey's music just to annoy him and we would talk till it was eleven before we had sex or maybe he would have started the foreplay after food. He seemed to have joy teasing me, making me beg for more.

I closed my eyes as my nipples tightened at the thought of his tongue on my nipples. Sometimes he bit to share and other times he just teased them, making me ask for more.

I wondered if he would share the same routine with Jenny.

"My Luna, I would like you to go back to your room. Seems the Alpha had more pressing matters to attend to," Annabel nodded, said,," drawing me out of my lustful thoughts.

I turned to her and nodded, her words ringing in my ear. It seems the Alpha had more pressing issues to attend to.

What could be so pressing that he left me for? As I walked back, the chilly breeze caressed my skin. It made me realize how lonely I was here. Luca would never leave me. He would either forgo what he had for me or explain the reason he had to leave me. Then he would peck me on my forehead before leaving. Here I was with no attention from anyone.

I walked back to my room in silence. Immediately after I got to the door, I turned to "Annabel. "Tell Daina I need to see her," I said.

She nodded before saying, "I could help you with whatever errand you want to send her. I am also at your service, "she said.

"Don't worry. I just need her to do something for me. I will call you if I need your service," I said and closed the door.

A few minutes later, Daina came inside with a smile. "You called me"

"Yes. Have you ever been to this pack before?" I asked.

She nodded "Yes. Once" she added.

"Okay. We would go for a stroll this night," I said.

"A stroll?" She asked," clearly surprised. I have thought and asked for her company, but I was surprised, I did not need it.

"Yes, Daina, a stroll. You are the only one that can keep me company. He left me and I have no one to talk to," I explained.

Her eyes softened, and she nodded with a smile and left.

Immediately after she left, my phone beeped. My heart skipped at the name that popped on my screen. It was Luca.

I clicked on the message. Tears filled my eyes as it read.

"I know you are meant to be with your mate and it is honestly rude of me to text you at this time, but I just wanted you to know that I missed you a lot. I can't imagine that I am playing Lana Del Rey while on the bed alone. Do you remember what would have happened if we were together? I guess you would. We had an unfinished conversation before we left. I was wondering if we could meet and talk," it read.
###chapter 79


Dean pov.

I have always had a hard time trusting Sabrina. She was too cunning, too scheming. Hell! She could convince you to walk into your own trap and you would never find out until you are there and there is no turning back. 

That was why I felt fucking insecure when she came and asked that she speak to Luca alone. After so many years I had finally gotten Luca to my side. During this year I had come to discover how cruel he can be if he is angry.

With him by my side together with Lorenzo, we could withstand anything Jenny had in mind. Because if there was one thing I was sure of is that Jenny had a hidden motive. She did not come back because she was in love with Luca or she missed him. She came back for something and was trying to use Luca's weakness to get and thankfully Luca had outgrown his bond for her.

Although he did not tell me I got to know when he ordered her to stay in the guest house. The Luca I knew would never do that. He would rather die than spend a night without her.

"Do you think he is still going to be on our side?" Lorenzo asked a few minutes after Sabrina had successfully whisked Luca out of our mist.

I looked at him and nodded. "He has no one except us," I said. With Lia gone, he had no one to truly rely on and whether he liked it or not, not, we were family.

"No, Dean, you are getting it all wrong. He has Sabrina, he has Jenny and we all know he still has a firm hold on Lia, "he countered anxiously. Fear laced his tone as if he was scared of the possibility of having a dangerous duo formed from Sabrina and Luca.

I was tempted to believe him, but I refused. I knew that he was trying to play the safe game. He always wanted to be on the safe side. 

"He is not like that. He wants us to be united," I said with a little hope.

Lorenzo stood up and walked close to me before sitting at my table. "Yes, I would agree with you, but feel that in this case, it is different. Sabrina would stop at nothing to get him to the throne because he resonated with the witches. His mother was her friend".

"She is on his side and not ours, and don't even make the mistake of telling me that she is going to be on our side if Luca is with us. It would be a big lie. She despises you. You wanted her dead at a point. We can't afford to be too trustful. There is already a hybrid lurking in the shadows. We have Jenny and the witches all fighting for the throne. Let's not forget that you could not produce an heir. Your reign is threatened," he explained.

I leaned back in my chair as I absorbed what he said. Even though Luca wanted peace, Sabrina could not convince him to do otherwise.

"So what would you have me do?" I asked, clearly tired. I wanted peace, wanted the former bond we had with Luca and not the current one. Sometimes I miss him.

"Firstly, you would look for a wife, someone who could bear an heir for you, and then you find a way to get on Sabrina's good side. We are supernatural, but they hold us together," he said.

A knock on the door disrupted our discussion. Lorenzo walked back to his seat while I asked whoever was there to come in.

The door opened, revealing Sabrina. I curled my hands into a fist as I stared at him. What did she want from us?

She strolled in with her usual smile. "What do you want?" Lorenzo asked in a sharp tone. Thank goodness. I wasn't the only one who found her annoying.

"I just wanted to inform you that there are whispers everywhere," she said.

I raised an eyebrow. Whispers about what? They never got tired of whispering. Or was she just here to pull my leg? I shook my head as I pushed the thought away. 

"About what?" I asked.

"About the crown and the legitimacy of the crown. They feel you are weak to allow an enemy to take your wife all in the name of him. Being her mate. And also the hybrid has started killing more people on the outskirts of the town. Go for a walk tomorrow morning and you will find out that half of the people would not respect you the way they usually do. They now see you as a failure," she said in a mocking tone.

My nostrils flared as I tried hard not to believe her. She could be lying. The people can't see me as weak. I was too strong for that.

"Why are you telling me?" I inquired, knowing fully well that she never loved me.

She shrugged. Inquired, "I just felt like sharing it with you to disrupt whatever evil thought you have of killing Luca. If he gets hurt now, they would see you as a tyrant. So guide him from you, your beta, and Jenny," she said, then bowed slightly. "My alpha," she said and left.

Immediately she left Lorenzo banged his fist on the table," a "moment I thought the table would crack from his force.

"That twat is playing a scheming game," she needs to go. She is trying to protect Luca after poisoning his mind against us and we can't do anything about it", he complained.

I nodded, too tired to reply. I knew whatever she was saying was true. It could be a cloud by Finn. To mock me by taking my wife from me. At first, I was not bothered because I did not have a bond with her., and Luca did. That was why he was devastated and I was not.

But I can't be weak before people. I needed to do something. I needed to do something about it.

I turned to look at Lorenzo, who was still pouring his hatred for Sabrina.

"We need to act fast. My father was feared and respected and I want the same for myself"

He furrowed his eyebrow as he tried to detect what I was saying.

"What do you mean?"

"We need to bring back Lia. She is my wife"

"Have you gone mad? How do you expect Luca to react to Lia and Jenny with him?" He asked.

"He will have to forgo one," I said and added, "Ask one of our maids to get Luca's phone. I need to send a message to her through his phone. I need to talk to her," I said 

"She is going to be Finn's wife," Lorenzo said, trying to convince me to change, but I disagreed.

"Not yet. For now, she is still my wife and I need to see her"

"You know Finn is not going to let you in," he said

I shrugged, not like I care. "He would not know that I am out. Now do," I ordered in a curt voice, stopping him from probing further.
###chapter 80

Dean pov.

I watched Lorenzo's shocked face as I professed my desire to bring Lia back. I knew it was risky but what was more risky was allowing Finn to get away with what he did. Up until now, I had always thought it was better for Lia to go. She brought a side of Luca that no one brought a raw side that can be activated by her tears or complaints. Yes, he was a rogue, but I would rather not have issues with him. Even with him being a rogue he had perfectly managed to send my mother to the land of no return.

I stared at my laptop screen as I waited for Lorenzo to bring in Luca's phone. Did I know how he would get it? No. But will he get it? Yes, because he was a cunning twat.

As expected Lorenzo knocked on my door an hour later when I was already engrossed in my work.

"Come in" I  and he walked in with a frown on his face. He glared at me; sometimes, I forgot he was my best friend.

"Did you get what I asked for?" I asked my attention still on the screen.

"Y,e,s but-" he begged,  but I held my hands in his hand, signaling him to stop. I have had enough of his convincing today. If he could not see what was going on then it was not my fault. I would not lose my respect and fear before the eyes of the people.

I stretched forth my hand, willing him to bring the phone. He placed the phone in my hand as satisfaction watched over me.

I took out the phone and started typing, "I know you are meant to be with your mate, and it is honestly rude of me to text you at this time, but I just wanted you to know that I missed you a lot. I can't imagine that I am playing Lana Del Rey while on the bed alone. Do you remember what would have happened if we were together? I guess you would. We had an unfinished conversation before we left. I was wondering if we could meet and talk," I wrote and clicked send.

I tapped her WhatsApp to see her beautiful photo. She was standing in the museum caressing a photo. Seems she had things for painting.

"You are making a big mistake," Lorenzo said, and I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. Seriously, I thought he had gotten the message. I will not back down until I have Lia by my side. Maybe I would give Lia a chance since Luca should be with his mate, although I doubt he still loved her.

If so, I need to call Jenny and make sure she turns Luca's attention to her side. I would not want to continue the banter with Luca.

"I have already made a mistake by allowing Finn to take Lia," I said.

"No! The mistake you are making is trying to win back the lia's heart. You and I know that she doesn't love you" he reminded me.

"Love does not matter. The people want their luna back. this is where she belongs not Bloodhound Pack"

I tossed the phone to his side for him to return it to Luca. Instead, the twat took the phone and read the mistake, and started whining as usual.

"You are blackmailing her. You know that, right? How do you think Luca would react if he found out you used his phone to lure her out of her place? He is trying to forget her, for Christ's sake. I don't get the reason why you always choose Sabrina's word over mine!" He shouted 

A chuckle escaped my lips as I raised my head to look at his face, masked with a frown. 

"Sabrina is a witch and more powerful than us. You said that and you expect me to leave her opinion for yours? Seriously? And besides, if I messaged her, you and I know that she would not come, so put the phone back where you saw it before we alert Luca,"  I ordered.

He opened his mouth to say something but closed he pressed his lips together when he saw my glare.  A moment passed before he answered.

"So what are you going to do about the chemistry between Luca and Lia when she comes back? You and I both know that Luca loved her even though you refuse to accept it. He has been finding it hard to live without her"

I scoffed and titled my head to the other side "I seriously don't think that boy likes anyone. Or should I remind you that he was once obsessed with Jenny?"

He narrowed his eyes to a split as he looked at me. "So you think he would later fall in love with Jenny? No. What I think is that we can ask Jenny to manipulate Luca. His weak point had always been his weak point. By doing so. He would be content with Jenny, and when Lia comes back, I would convince her to do her duty, which is to produce children, " I explained with a proud smile. Such a brilliant idea.

"I feel this is a bad plan. This might turn against you" he persuaded.

I rolled my eyes as I suppressed the hiss that tried to escape my lips. I rubbed my hands on my forehead for a while before I asked "No one will know. So return his phone back" I ordered.

He walked towards the door but the door opened by itself. My breath got caught in my throat at the person standing before us. It was Luca. 

He glared at me and then at Lorenzo and gradually walked towards Lorenzo. Lorenzo's eyes widened as he moved backward.

"Luca..luca what are you trying to do?" He asked fear dripping from his voice.

Luca remained silent and kept walking toward him until he hit the wall. Luca took his phone from Lorenzo.

Fuck! I muttered as he opened the phone. He scrolled through the phone and my heart was beating faster than normal.  I fisted my trembling hands. He is not meant to have such an effect on me.

Immediately he saw the message, his jaw tightened as he glared at me. He dropped the phone on my front.

"It is either you tell me who sent this, or I turn my back against the both of you, and trust me, it would not be fun," he growled.
###chapter 81

Luca POV.

After I kicked Jenny out of my room. Satisfaction filled my body. I could do as I please now. Sleep and think of Lia. I seriously wanted to message her or call her to check how she was coping without me, but because she was with her mate, so I let it be.

I lay on my bed staring at the ceiling. Everything reminded me of her from my pillow scent that intoxicated my nostrils with her scent to how she had arranged my room last night. After shouting at me for being careless. My eyes scanned my room. I looked like a mess without her.

The door opened revealing one of our palace maids. I furrowed my eyebrow and she entered inside, bowing her head.

"What do you want?" I asked in a sharp tone. I seriously wanted to be left alone for just a minute or two without being called or the witches visiting me.

She immediately knelt crying, an action that surprised me. "Why are you on your knees? What happened" I asked with a concerned voice.

She pressed her palms together to look at me. Tears rolling down her cheeks.

"Please don't punish me; my mother was sick, and that was why I could not clean the room this morning." She pleaded.

I heaved a sigh of relief. I nodded, no wonder the room looked dirty. Although it reminded me of the way things were before she left.

"No problem. You can come back tomorrow" I said.

"If you please, I would love to clean the room today. The Luna asked me to clean the room before she came back"

At the sound of the luna, my heart melted. She still managed to order people to take care of me even in her absence. If that's what she wanted then it was okay.

I took the key to Lia's room and left the room. "Once you are done, knock in the room next to mine" I instructed. She nodded and I closed the door behind her.

I entered Lia's room and closed my eyes for a moment to allow her scent to caress me. Pain bottled up in my chest with the thought of her being with another man. Jealousy filled me; I did not want her to be with someone else and talk more about Finn. If I had my way she would be with me and me alone. 

I can't imagine life without her. I can't imagine someone taking that beautiful body or claiming her strawberry-scented lip. The reality did not just make sense to me. For a moment, just a moment I allowed myself to be mad. I allowed her laughter to smooth my skin, and sooner than later, the laughter became almost real.

I raked my hand on my hair as a curse escaped my lips. I can't believe the fact that I could feel for someone like this. I was in pain when Jenny left but the pain I felt now could not be compared to the one I felt when Jenny left.

When Jenny left, I sought comfort by sleeping outside and having a buckthorn, but I could not imagine any other girl taking my dick as she did. Could not imagine myself fitting into a hole that did not belong to her. It was as If she was made for me.

Everything seemed destroyed: my evening rituals, my sex life, everything. I would go back to my normal routine or perhaps my new routine would be to visit Merlin and Benedicta. He saw me as a father and I have grown a bond with him. Sometimes I forget that he was not my child.

The maid knocked on the door drawing me back from my thoughts. Immediately she told me that she was done. I immediately walked past my room to play her Lana del Rey song. Can't imagine I am seeking solace in something I once hated.

I entered the room and searched for my phone to play her favorite music. Anything to remind me of her. I checked my pocket for my phone but I could not find it.

This was strange because my phone was always in my pocket. I searched around for my phone but I could not find it.
Where could my phone be? But I saw it a minute before I left.

Or was it in Lia's room? No, I went with nothing. I scattered the neatly arranged room irritation and frustration itching my skin and every part of my body.

Then it struck me that the only person who entered my room aside from me was the maid. Could she have stolen the phone? But why would she still have the phone if she had no use for it?

Then it dawned on me. Those twats were the ones who sent her. They had to be the one. So after the offer they still had ulterior motives.

I marched towards their office and opened the door without knocking. Courtesy be damned.

Immediately I opened the door. Dean's eyes widened with fear confirming my suspicion. I scanned the room with my eyes searching for my phone. My eyes landed on Lorenzo's hands. His breathing seized immediately when he saw me. He was with my phone.

The bloody twat had tried to steal for me. He murmured something that sounded distant to my ear.

I took the phone from him and turned to Dean, furry blinded my eyes.

It is either you tell me who sent this, or I turn my back against the both of you, and trust me, it would not be fun," I growled.

Dean swallowed hard. "Luca.. We need to talk. We wanted to.." He said.

"We wanted to do what!?" I asked.

"He wanted to talk to Lia's through you?" Lorenzo revealed.

I furrowed my eyebrow. "What do you want with Lia?" I directed the question at Dean.
###chapter 82


Lia pov.

I stared at the message with mixed feelings. Part of me was excited about the text, but another part of me could not help but wonder if it was right to meet Luca. He missed me as much as I missed him. My aches from the absence of him. But what could I do? If Finn found out, he would get angry at me for even considering escaping to see my ex-lover.

But then again, he had no right to be angry. He left me on my first night here and eloped with a girl whom I did not know. It was already past eight. I was not used to my companion coming home late. Right from time, Benedicta came home early, Lexie came home early, and Luca found an excuse to ensure I was always with him.

A knock interrupted my thought. Annabel came inside carrying a food tray with her. She placed it on the table before turning to me.

"I figured out that you would be hungry so I brought your food. If you are not okay with it you can tell me. I would ask the cook to prepare another one" she said.

A pleasant smile crept on my lips. Even though I had dismissed her the first instant she was trying all she could do to please me.

"What did you bring?" I asked her, trying to start a conversation.

"Bread and avocado with egg and tea," she said.

"Nice" I replied and walked towards the table. My tummy rumbled from the aroma that filled my nose.

"Come and join me" I invited her even though I knew she would decline. She was good at declining.

She shook her head "Thank you your grace but I can't"

"Why?" I inquired.

". Nothing is just that we are not allowed to eat with others and by the way I am not hungry," she said 

I shrugged and continued eating my food. "Have you seen his grace?" I asked.

She raised her eyebrow "Do you mean the Alpha, your mate?" She asked.

I nodded. She swallowed hard for a while, picking her fingers. As if she was not meant to tell me where he was.

"He is with his cousin," she answered.

"Hmm," I nodded. "His cousin? Does his cousin have a name?" I asked.

She swallowed hard.d "Her name is Bianca, " she supplied.

Bianca? "How are they related?" I asked her because the last time I checked, he said his only family was his sister and her mate or was it my brain that was trying to play with my feelings?

She shrugged, "I don't know." She said,

She did not know? It means he could be lying about her identity. She could be his concubine or his true love.

A fresh needle of pain stabbed my chest at the thought of him having true love aside from me. I did not want to remain in a relationship where I was hated or seen as an ornament or a toy to occupy a position that needed to be filled. I have already had enough of being Dean's wife.

I dropped my fork on the table and stared at her "Do you know where they are?" I asked, impatience flooding my voice.

"Yes but the Alpha said he does not want to be disturbed"

"Disturbed? I am his mate Annabel, not a stranger. Take me to their position" I ordered.

"I can't. I might be punished"

A chuckle escaped my lips. Here I was, thinking she wanted my favor. I sprang up to my feet and stood inches away from her.

"I like you, Annabel, and that is why I would pretend that I did not hear what you just said.it is either you take me there or you give me a location" I ordered with a sharp tone 

A minute passed before she said, "They are in the pool" she said.

Good, that was all I needed to hear: "Take your food away. I am not hungry" I informed her.

"But-"

"Do as I say"

She nodded and carried the food away wearing a scared face.

I pulled out one of my Royal gowns to impose my royalty and stormed off.

Did I know where the place was located? No, but I would find it. A pool cannot be that hard to find.

I started asking all the maid questions. As I advanced in the direction of the pool, my heartbeat fastened. What if I caught them in an awkward position? What if he was kissing her?

After a long walk, the pool came into sight. The girl sat at the edge of the swimming pool while Finn swam inside shirtless with only a boxer on.  His sister and her husband sat on the other side discussing.

She said something and he started laughing. A burst of genuine laughter echoed around the atmosphere.

So this was what he was doing. This was the important thing that he left me for. He preferred to spend time with her than with his mate, whom he left halfway.

"Lia" he called immediately he noticed my presence. His eyes widened with shock. She turned to look at me with a smile. I tried to detect if she was mocking me or giving me a genuine smile.

He swam towards the edge, his whole body dripping with water, and his dark hair settled on his face, enhancing his look.

He took his towel from her and walked towards me. Worry shadowed his face.

I took a step back, stopping him from coming closer to me. 

"Lia I.." He began trying to give me a silly excuse.

"I just wanted to know why you left early. I have seen the reason why, and I would love to go back to my room. my presence does not distract you," I said with a trembling, pained voice.

"Gosh! Lia, I .." he began, but I had already walked away. My heart was beating fast as tears gathered in my eyes.
###chapter 83


Lia pov

Luca was right. You only had one true love and that was our love story. I have been a fool to think that Finn would love me. I was his mate, and there was a mate bond, but it would never be more than that. He would satisfy me in bed because he wanted to and not because of a passion.

By the time I got to the room, tears were already flowing down my eyes. I wiped it off before it dropped. They were not worth my tears, not a single one of them.

I wasn't even angry with the fact that he might be cheating on me with Binaca. I was angry that he left me on my first day to go and swim with his so-called cousin. What a despicable liar.

I took in a shaky breath as I tried to calm the anger that was welling up within me.

I brought out my phone and reread the message again and again. If he was cheating on me I was allowed to do the same.

I pressed the reply button and typed, "I have missed you too, Luca. A lot. And yes, I would be free tomorrow; maybe we could meet on the outskirts of the pack. " I reread it again and again and pressed send.

Immediately, Finn walked into the room. He had already dried himself up. He stared at me for a while, maybe contemplating on what to say next.

"Lia, we need to talk," he said.

I nodded using the we need to talk phrase. They used it every time they wanted to say something annoying or offer a silly excuse.

I scoffed and tilted my head towards the wall clock on the wall making him do the same. "It's nine o'clock. Maybe you might not remember, but I am a royalty, and we value our sleep a lot. So I am going to take my bath and sleep while you return to your friend" I retorted.

His eyes darkened. "You mean Bianca?" He asked.

I shrugged. "Her name is none of my business," I replied.

He narrowed his eyes to a split, then his eyes widened. "Are you jealous? She is my cousin. She just visited nothing is going on"

I glanced at him from the hollow of his shoes to his dark wet hair. Do I look that dumb or what? How on earth did he expect me to believe such a lie?

I pressed my lips into an amused smile. "I know," and walked towards the changing room.

He followed me inside. "You do know that you had no right to be angry considering what you had with Luca," he blurted out.

I smiled. That was his excuse. My affair with Luca. But at least he knew I had a history with Luca. I did not tell him that Luca was my cousin.

"Oh, I see. So you are trying to justify whatever is going  on between you and her right?" I asked, sounding amused.

He glared at me for a while as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "No. I am trying to tell you that I was not cheating on you" 

"And whoever said you are cheating on me because I don't remember telling you," I retorted.

He took a step backward. "Don't take me for a fool, okay? You did not have to say it"

"And don't take me for a fool either! You can't tell me nothing is going on between you and her!"

"She is my cousin!" he shouted, frustration filling his voice.

"Lies! 

" Don't call me a liar, lia! I am your Alpha" he snapped

"My Alpha is Dean and not you. He is the  Alpha of my pack, not you! She did not act like your cousin. You didn't introduce her to me the way you did to your sister. Instead, you left me in the presence of the staff with no explanation, and you expect me to believe that lie!" I screamed at him.

He closed his eyes and pressed his hands together. "Look, lia. I am sorry for the way I left you. Something came up, and I had to go. Don't just build an idea about me with just one act. And don't act as if you were not thinking about Luca on our way here because I know you were, and I don't blame you, but I am asking for a fresh start. I have no affair and I never had. I have been clinging on to the day I would see my mate. Did it ever cross your mind how I would feel if you were lying? Jenny was the one who approached me and told me to take my mate, who was having an affair with her mate. You were in Luca's arms while I slept, consumed by the thought of you. still, I am ready to put all these aside and start afresh," he implored.

For a moment, my heart melted at his speech. It sounded genuine. His eyes looked pure like he wanted to give me a chance.

I nodded "Fine, I apologize for lying to you. I am sorry" I said.

He heaved a sigh of relief. "Good. I will introduce the both of you tomorrow" he said and pressed a kiss on my forehead before leaving.

I smiled at him and watched him close the door, but all I could think about was what he said about Jenny. How come Jenny knew he was my mate? And how did she know I was seeing Luca?

Thankfully we are going to meet tomorrow. I am going to warn him about her. She can't be trusted.

###chapter 84

Luca POV.

Dean stared at me, fear screaming from his eyes. I balled my hands into a fist, his silence was annoying.

"Answer. My.question! Why did you message Lia through me!" I shouted, making him flinch. 

I closed my eyes for a moment as I tried to imagine the reason why he would send such a text message to Lia. She just arrived in her pack and I would not want her to get into any trouble.

"Sabrina said my reign is at stake" he answers after a long pause

I furrowed my eyebrows, glaring at him "And how does that have to do with Lia?" I asked.

If the people were having issues with his reign then it was his fault and not theirs. I knew rumours would have actually started spreading especially with the hybrid they were trying to discover.

He swallowed hard and sat up  staring at me "Look man I had to do this and trust me it is for our benefit"

A chuckle escaped my lips. This man must think I am a fool to believe he would ever do anything to my benefit. How the hell did he think he was going to convince me?

"I don't care if you are doing it for yourself or for the pack or even for me what I want to know is why you want to meet Lia after she left with her mate"

"Because she is still my wife. She is still the Luna of this Pack. They now see me as weak because of how I allowed Finn to take away Lia without any opposition. I had been ruling for three years before my father died. Next week makes it my fourth year and my reign is already considered unsuccessful. I have no mate, I have no Luna and I have no child. And to top this I have a hybrid that is doing all he can to ensure that I look weak. If I convince her to come back she will do it. And be my Luna and give me an heir. I need a successor. You already have Jenny" he pleaded.

At the mention of his need for an heir, my mind went back to Merlin, who was still with Benedicta and did not know anything about his father. Dean would have been so happy to have him in the palace. He had always had a thing for children but that was not what drew my attention or what made my blood boil. What made my blood boil was the fact that he wanted Lia to come back and give him children. Knowing how I feel about her.

"And how do you want to convince her to bear this kid for you because we both know you hate her"

He heaves a deep sigh as he caresses his forehead with his fingers. "I would find a way to make her come back" 

The audacity of this bastard! What did he take Lia for? A breeding machine? Or some toy that they used whenever they wanted to? How the fuck did Lia land in his hands? 

"So you  had to stoop so low to send a maid to  steal from me" 

He shrugged and whirled his chair around "Would you have helped?" He asked.

Anger was bottled around my chest. He knew I was not going to help yet he stole the phone.

Anger boiled within me at the thought of what he wanted to do. He wanted to take what was mine and yet minutes ago he was offering me lies in the name of truce. 

Sabrina was right. The people who loved me were not here. He did not love me nor did Lorenzo love me. They just wanted to be safe with no opposition.

I walked towards him and pulled him by his collar "Now listen to me. Lia might be your wife but that is a title and I actually do not care about the title but she is mine. I don't give a fuck if you are her husband or not. She is mine to keep. So if you are convincing her to come back to this palace and bear children for you then be ready to kill me because I would rather drown in my blood than allow her to bed you" I warned.

He tried pulling himself from me but to no avail. I finally let him go after I was sure my words had sunk deep into his head.

"You have Jenny," he muttered as I turned around.

I whirled around to face him "You can have Jenny for all I care but you won't lay your hands on Lia" I warned.

As If on the clue, my phone beeped with a message from Lia.

 I have missed you too Luca. A lot. And yes I would be free tomorrow, maybe we could meet at the outskirts of the pack " 

A smile shadowed my lips at the text. Part of me was grateful that she still thought about me even when she was with Finn. It meant that I was not alone in longing for her or finding her scent in everything. She still loves me.

I was against the idea of him texting her. I didn't want her to get caught and get into Finn's bad book. He was her Alpha, he could do as he pleased.

That was before, but now. I would visit her to see her face for one last time.
###chapter 85

Luca POV

"Look Luca, just let me do this. Visit her for once". Dean pleaded after a long silence. It seems as if he had already known about Lia's response. It seems as if he saw my facial expression.

"No!" I shouted without hesitating. I looked at him and Lorenzo. "I don't want to see you with Lia today and never," I warned.

I walked towards the door, but Lorenzo stopped me, digging his fingers into mine.

"If we don't speak to her, you are not going to talk to her either, Luca. We are not going to let you leave Jenny alone. You have your mate and she is somebody else's mate and wife. Remember that you are a rogue, don't make me force you," he warned.

I gritted my teeth as I restrained myself from doing what I was not meant to do. A chuckle escaped my lips at the thought of Lorenzo's words. You are a rogue. Don't make me force you. 

This bloody twat. One moment ago, he was professing his need for us to work together, and now he is calling me a rogue, telling me he would keep me under leash. What the fuck did they do? 

I gripped Lorenzo's hand, squeezed it so tight that he whined from pain.

"Now let me warn you, you cunning twat. Neither you nor Dean can keep me under a leash. I will see Lia this evening. If you try to stop me, you are going to hate me, and if I should see any of you coming with me to see her, I would make your death look like an accident. I am done caring. I am done saying he is my cousin, or you were my best friend. I would kill you and feast on your blood," I warned him.

His jaw dropped at my threat, and a pleasing smile crept on my lips as I stared at his expression.

He tried twisting his hands around my grip, but it caused him more pain.

The door creaked open, revealing Jenny. I focused my attention on Lorenzo. Let me show him who was the boss here. I am a fucking hybrid. Their reign would be easier than they thought.

"Luca, I was looking for you," she said as she used her long nails to trail my skin. 

I tightened my grip on Lorenzo one last time before letting him go. A groan escaped him immediately.

"Jenny," I called without looking back. She stopped. "Yes, my love"

I bit my tongue from rebuking her. I turned around to face her. "What do you want?" I asked.

A smile tugged her lips. "Well, I wanted to see you in person, but since the three of you are in one place, let me make my wishes known to you"

Her eyes darted to all of us before focusing on Dean.  "You look lean. It seems the Alpha title is not benefiting you," she said.

Dean glared at her. "Is that what you wanted to see us for?" He asked.

"No," she said and walked towards a chair and sat down with her legs crossed. "I actually wanted to tell you about my wedding plans," she said.

What! We all chorused. I stared at her in disbelief. What the fuck is wrong with the people around me? Can't I just have a day without drama?

"you heard me. I came to discuss my marriage with you. I thought Luca had already done that," she said in a low voice.

My ear itched with irritation at hearing her speak. I had tried to fathom the reason for my change. Once upon a time. I would have done everything to hear her speak.

"We are not getting married," I said firmly. I can't imagine myself with anyone other than Lia talking more about Jenny that I found on my cousin's bed.

She raised an eyebrow. "But why? You were so bent on us getting married before. What changed?" She asked.

Once upon a time," I would have killed to have her as mine. I even threatened my uncle with his death if he did not get us married. The only reason I was not killed for treason was because I was his late brother's child. If it were to be someone else, I would be dead by now. And for what? For Jenny, who took joy in reminding me that I am a rogue and cheating on me. Unlike Lia, who always reminded me that I was a hybrid and even though I was pretending to be a rogue, I should not let them insult me and go scot-free.

I raked my hair at the thought of her! Everything seemed upside down without her! Was she feeling the same way? Or she just wanted to see me to cut off things with me, tell me I am not worth her time. Had she given up hope for our dreams?

For a moment, dreams? Dread crept into my skin at the prospect of not seeing her again or finding out that she had to move on. Although I knew that I would not blame her. Finn was an Alpha after all, and I was just an unknown hybrid.

"Is it because of Dean's wife? She went with Finn. She did not wait for you. Let's move on, let's get married so that I can become your legally married wife. We would have kids and be happy. Is her pussy that good?"

Anger boiled within me at her question. I have told her to refrain from calling her a slut or even insinuating it.

I marched towards her and gripped her with her hair. "How many times have I told you to stop calling her a slut?" I asked, glaring directly at her eye.

"You and I know that she is one. Forget her and come to me, Luca. When we get married, I will satisfy you more"

I glanced at her from the sole of her shoes to her hair. This woman standing here is my greatest punishment ever.

I gripped her hand tighter. "Now, let me make this clear. We would never get married." In fact, I want you gone by the end of this week. Out of my life, out of this palace. And this would be the last time you talk about Lia to me" I warned and let go of her hair.

I glared at the both of them, daring them to say a word. When they did not say anything. I walked away.

My phone beeped immediately. It was a message from Benedicta.

"The hybrid was here," it read.
###chapter 86


Luca POV.

What the hell! I muttered. How did the hybrid get to their house? Hope he did not harm Merlin in any way.

I looked at the time. It was already ten O'clock. I can't be outside by this time, but I needed to know if Merlin was okay. I had made a vow to Lia that I was going to protect her son and I had to protect him. He looked up at me as a dad.

Immediately after I closed the door, I dialed Benedicta's number. It rang twice before she picked it up.

"Luca" she called in a whisper. Her voice shook with great fear.

"Are you okay?" I asked. If the hybrid was still lurking around them, I would be there in a minute. My conscience would hurt me forever if anything happened to her.

"Yes. He almost took Merlin, but Luca, I did a spell that prevented him from entering. He has been attacking another household" she said in a low, fearful voice.

Fear gripped my heart at the thought of Merlin. How would he feel hearing people's bone cracking? It would be a great nightmare.

I ran my hand around my hair and pinched the bridge of her nose. "I am so scared," she whispered in a trembling voice.

Fuck! I muttered. Benedicta was a great witch, almost as great as Sabrina. If she was scared, that meant it was horrific.

"Is that mummy?" Merlin's little voice asked from afar.

"No, it's Luca," she said.

"Daddy?" He munched, something I could not make out of.

My heart beat fastened at the thought of how he had named me his dad even though Lia kept telling him I was not his dad. This was why I would never get over Lia. She left her presence around me. If it was not her scent on my pillow, it was her Lana del Rey song that she downloaded on my phone, and if it was not that, it was Merlin and the times we spent together like a family.

"Yes," Benedicta answered. "Should I give him the phone?" She asked.

"Yes, I answered without hesitation. A minute later, Merlin pressed the phone against his ear as he complained to me.

"Dad, there is a man here. He is sort of scary. He has Golden's eyes and is lurking around. Everyone is screaming. He tried touching me, but I screamed and she saved me. I was calling my mother, but there was no answer. Do you know where she is?" He inquired.

The pain was bottled around my chest. A child-like Merlin should not be made to suffer this much. Lia was meant to be with him or at least take him with her. Give some silly excuse. Anything because he wanted closure. He seemed the closure of his Mother more than anything.

How was I going to tell him that his mother was far away in another pack doing god knows what with her new mate?

I wiped my face with my hand. "Mummy is not well, and she is sleeping, but she will talk with you tomorrow morning, okay? Don't be too angry at her. When it is dawn, I will visit you," I promised.

"Okay. Goodnight" 

"Goodnight," I answered back as the line switched off.

I fell on my bed, my eyes staring at the ceiling. How did my life become this messy?

The next morning came quicker than expected, maybe because my night was filled with wet dreams of Lia. As a result, I woke up with a boner.

But that was not what woke me up. It was the wailing and screaming of people from afar that woke me up.

I groaned as I rolled out of bed to meet them. What the hell was wrong with them? what had happened again?

Someone knocked on the door and I opened it, only to see Jenny standing before me. Ordinarily, I would have shouted at her or even insulted her, but she was trembling, her skin pale with fear.

"Jenny, what is wrong?" I asked.

She immediately engulfed me in a hug. Okay, that is kind of strange and uncalled for. But I did not say anything, instead I circled my arm around her waist.

"Jenny, what is wrong?" I asked in a little sharp tone. My body was already getting irritated at her.

"They are so scary," she said.

I furrowed my eyebrows backed myself from the hug and looked at her. "What is so scary?" I asked.

"The bodies, the hybrid. They are all scary" 

My heart sank at the mention of the hybrid, and my mind flashed back to my call with Merlin yesterday. 

The bodies. The hybrid! That means he killed a lot of people. What the hell did he want? Who could this hybrid be?

"What bodies?" I asked, feigning ignorance.

"They brought different bodies. Bodies of children and men. Some were injured and others were dead. I heard their scream from the guest room yesterday. I was really scared," she murmured, her body still trembling. This is the first time I have seen Jenny scared since she got back. She had been fearless.

"They brought some to the palace," she informed me.

"Jenny is okay. He is not going to hurt you?" I promised, and I removed myself from her embrace.

I walked back into my room picked a shirt and walked towards the hall.

My jaw dropped as I stared at the bodies. The hall was filled with people crying and weeping. What the fuck! I muttered as I stared at the bodies and blood oozing from their body. soaking the thick carpet.

My eyes moved to Dean and Lorenzo. Dean was sitting on his chair with Lorenzo by his side wearing a scared expression. 

A woman screamed from the crowd.

"Your father's reign was not like this; he managed to kill every blood of thirty hybrids. It is either you find a solution or you leave"

"Do you know you are committing treason by threatening the Alpha?". Lorenzo asked. His voice was laced with fear.

"Two of my kids are dead, one is badly injured. Is death worse than this?" she asked.

"He killed throughout the night. He would attack and when you think he is gone, he would come back," one shouted.

My eyes moved around the bodies lying on the ground. Then, my eyes caught a bracket, the same one I had given to Merlin. It laid on the hand of one of them.
###chapter 87
Lia pov.

"Mummy, are you ever going to leave me?" Merlin asked.

I shook my head as I watched him peacefully playing with his toy on the beach.

"You always leave me even when I am scared," he said.

My heart clenched at his words, but I had work. I had to work to give him a better life.

"Mer, I will never leave you. Never!" I promised.

A smile tugged his lips as he stared at me. He turned his attention to the toy.

A wave of satisfaction watched me as I saw his expression. I looked at the peaceful beach, the heat of the sun hitting me, enhancing my olive skin.

I stared at the beach with peace. My eyes caught sight of a dark figure from afar. That is strange because we were in summer. Then it increased, coming closer, and as It came closer I had a clearer view of what it was. My heart sank into the depths of my stomach. 

We were having a tsunami. My eyes darted to my side where Merlin was, but he was not there. Dread crept into my skin as I looked for him. Then I caught him at the edge of the beach. Fetching water with his toy can.

"Merlin!" I shouted, but it was already too late. The water was already close. My legs left the ground as I ran towards Merlin. The place was already deserted, and I noticed someone running behind my back.

"Merlin!" I shouted as the water covered where he was. A muscular arm pulled me back from entering the river.

"Lia, you can't swim," he said. I still would recognize that voice anywhere. It was Luca.

"We have to save him," I pleaded as I rested my head on him.

"Mummy!" Merlin shouted. I turned to see his little hand in the middle of the water. He raised his head once more to look at me. His blue eyes screamed fear. Then the water swallowed him.

"Merlin!" I screamed, fighting hard to leave Luca's grip. Tears flowed freely as I stared at the river.

"Merlin!" I shouted again.

Someone slapped my cheek a little, and I opened my eyes. The rays of the sun blinded me for a minute and I closed my eyes back. It dawned on me that it had been a dream.

"Lia" Finn called again. I opened my eyes to meet Finn staring at me. His eyes are soft with worry.

I stared at his blue eyes for a moment as my mind tried to read the meaning of that dream. Fear gripped me at the prospect of Merlin dying. Lord, hope he was okay? I prayed.

"Lia! Answer me" Finn shouted again, his voice filled with fear.

I nodded and sat up. "It was a nightmare" I answered. 

He heaved a sigh of relief and looked at me once more. He opened his mouth to say something, nightmare, but quickly closed it again.

"Who is Merlin?" He asked as I felt Huh? The color drains out of my skin.

"Huh," I asked.

"You kept on shouting Merlin in your sleep, and you refused to wake up. You scared me a lot," he said.

I shook my head."I don't know who he is. He was a child in the dream" I said. Gulit strangled me at the thought of denying my son. What would I do? He couldn't stay with me and the dream did not make it seem as if he was okay with Benedicta, although I know Benedicta would guide him with her life.

 He studied my face for a while before he looked away. He rolled out of the bed and pecked my forehead before leaving.

Immediately after he left, my mind raced back to Merlin. Could he be in trouble? This dream was not a good one.

I immediately picked up my phone and dialed Benedicta's number. It rang for a moment and it went into voice message.

Fear gripped me the more. Benedicta always had her phone with her. What could have been so urgent that she left her phone? In moments like this, I wished I had given Merlin a phone. I wished I had taken him with me.

Panic rolled up with me and without wasting time I dialed Luca's number, but he did not pick up.

Frustration welled up within me. Why was everyone not picking? What was happening? Luca was meant to pick up my call. He always had his phone with him. Could it be that something bad had happened, and that was why he left his phone?

I picked up my phone again and called Lexie. A knock on the door stopped me. I did not want anyone to catch me or raise any suspicion.

Come in, Daina, I entered. She wore a worried look on her face. ""What is wrong?" I asked, sensing her discomfort.

"My Luna," she said in a trembling voice.

"What?" I asked again, my voice lacking impatience. She was beginning to scare me.

"A hybrid attacked our pack yesterday. He killed many wolves at night, especially on the outskirts of the town. There is chaos as we speak. I just wanted to ask for a leave from you to check if my family is alright. They have not been picking up their calls" she pleaded.

"A hybrid attack? At the outskirts of the pack?" I asked with fear.

She nodded. The air within the room became too thick, and sweat gathered on my forehead. Benedicta lived on the outskirts of the town.

"Can I go? I promise to come back today" she pleaded, her palms pressed together.

I nodded and watched her leave. I picked up my phone to dial Lexie's number again when a message came from Luca 

Meet me at the outskirts of the pack today. we need to talk lia and is very urgent. Please just come and don't reply to my message. It read.

What did he want to tell me that was so urgent? Was it about Merlin or who?
###chapter 88

Lia pov

Gosh! Let it not be that something had happened to Merlin, maybe that was why he was asking to see me. Tears stung my eyes as I tried Benedicta's number but no answer. I raked my hands through my hair, should I ask Daina to deliver a message to me? Would she be able to deliver it? What if Jenny saw her and got inquisitive about them?

I stood up from the bed and entered our closet. I opened my luggage quickly, took out Merlin's photo, and caressed it a little. I  knew he missed me a lot. I have failed in every aspect of my life, as a daughter to Benedicta, as a mother to Merlin, as a lover to Luca, and as a Luna to my pack. I have not been able to stand for them when they needed someone to stand for them.

Just then, Finn opened the door and I immediately hid the photo. I wonder how he would feel if I should tell him that I had a son for Dean. Hell! I wonder how he would react.

"Lia" he called, seeing that I was not in the bedroom. I cleaned my tears and faced the mirror. I had to be strong, for Merlin's life. Sometimes I wished I was mated to an ordinary wolf and not Dean. Then I would have never fallen in love with Luca and Finn would have never been able to meet me. An Alpha of his nature hardly met with outsiders.

"I'm coming!" I shouted as I rearranged my skirt removing all traces of sadness.

Immediately I entered the room he rushed to me and cupped my cheeks.

"Are you okay?" He asked. His eyes filled with genuine concern and worry that softened my heart and made me want to talk. Made me want to share my burden with him then I remembered Bianca.

I shook my head. I can't trust him besides I have just spent a day. I don't know how he would feel.

"I am fine. Why are you asking? You look worried" I said feigning innocence.

He raked his hair on his hair as he cursed under his breath "A hybrid attacked your pack and killed a lot of people"

"What? A hybrid? When did a hybrid enter our pack? I thought they had destroyed all of them?" I asked, looking surprised.

If only he knew that I know a hybrid. That I was in love with a hybrid and that I cheated on him with not just Luca the rogue but Luca the hybrid. He would never look at me the same again.

I patted my cheek "Oh, my Goddess. Could something have happened to Benedicta? She had not been picking up my calls"

I paced around the room with Finn hopelessly looking at me. 

"Lia I could take you to see her If that is what you want" he proposed with a soft voice.

I halted to look at him. Was he playing some trick with me? He was the one who said I should leave everything about my pack so what was he trying to say?

"You told me to forget about my pack, then why are you offering to take me there"

He glanced at me from the sole of my shoes to my hair. He sucked in a deep breath and looked away with pain in his eyes.

"Answer me, Finn!" I shouted.

"I don't know! Okay! I don't know why I am offering to take you to your pack. But Benedicta is your guardian. You visited a girl's house who you said was your best friend. I just want you to check if they are okay and then you can come back. Just see them lia but.." He paused as I tried to decide if he was genuine or not.

"But what?"

"Don't see Luca,lia. You are now my mate and I don't want you seeing your ex-lover or your ex-husband. You look worried that is why I am letting you go" He said.

Guilt welled up within me. How would he feel if he knew I texted Luca and told him that I wanted to see him? That I missed him. And I was still going to see Luca today. It was either he came to me or I went to him.

I needed to win his trust and I know very well that going there means I get to see Luca again. He might even be with Merlin.

I turned to look at him "Don't worry. Benedicta will call me and if she does not I will visit my pack tomorrow"

"But you look worried. Are you sure you don't want to see them?" He asked.


I scoffed "Luca never let me go willingly. In fact, if you did not bring back Jenny we would not be here. And if I am being truthful I don't think he would let me go if he knew I entered his pack" I explained.

His muscles tightened at the mention of Luca. So he was jealous? Finn was jealous. How would his lover or cousin react if she found out?

I can take you with me. He would not be able to hurt you" He offered.

But I shook my head. If I visited Merlin with him, he would discover my secret and besides, Merlin would keep on asking about his father and I would not want to raise any suspicion.

"Don't worry. I will be fine"

Just then my phone rang and I rushed to pick it up. Lexi's name appeared as the caller ID.

I picked up the phone and pressed it against my ear while Finn fixed his gaze on me.

"Lia, a hybrid, attacked our pack," she said with fear.

"It was a bad night for the whole pack" she added.

"I know. Finn just told me but are you okay? Is Benedicta and Mer okay?" I asked.

My heartbeat fastened with her silence "Yes. It attacked their house but they survived. I went there first thing this morning" she said.

I heaved a sigh of relief. "Thanks to the moon goddess. I was so worried" I said 

"I know. Are you coming to visit him? He has been asking after you"

"Yes, maybe this evening" I informed her.
###chapter 89

Luca POV.

Immediately I caught sight of the bracelet. I walked towards it immediately. My heart beat faster, let it, not be Merlin. Fuck! 

As I moved toward the boy's dead body a guard stopped me. "You don't touch the bodies," he warned.

I scoffed and my eyes darted to Dean. He nodded telling me to leave the body. What they did not know was that it was Merlin and Lia, that gave me hope for the future. They were the ones who convinced me that I was worth any sacrifice.

The day Merlin called me dad I was a little bit pissed about it because he was Dean's child and I felt he was just trying to mess with my head.

But after I and Lia settled our differences, the word Dad bore another vision in me. Suddenly I thought I was not worthy of anything good and found myself wanting to have a kid. Someone who would call me father or give Merlin another sibling although this dream seemed far away.

"Let go of me!" I shouted, drawing everyone's attention. The hall fell silent. My eyes met with Jenny and she gave me the What are you doing look.

"Luca, I said you should leave them alone. Their bodies have not been identified." Dean said.

I curled my hand into a fist as I called on patience to stop me from doing something I did not want to do.

"I have someone I am looking for. And I would advise you to let me find him. Don't try to interrupt me again. You don't have a kid or even a heart to become a father so you would not know what these people are going through" I retorted.

Dean glared at me, his veins throbbing from his head and neck. 

"Luca I as the Alpha of this pack am asking you to leave before I do something you don't like" he growled.

"Something like what? You act as if I said a lie that would stand as treason. Do you have the heart of the people?" I asked.

I could feel everyone's eyes on me and him. If it was an ordinary day. I would not care but it was Merlin, my son. I cared about him more than anything excluding Lia.

Lorenzo stood up and stood beside Dean. "Luca, he is the Alpha of the pack  leave the place, and besides you are just a.."

"A rogue. I know! That is why you don't seem to care about the wants of the people. I am just a rogue. There are rogues here whose children and whose loved ones were attacked. Some wolves lost their loved ones last night and you haven't even said a word or addressed them. I want to check on a body and you are threatening me. I stopped caring about your threat a long time ago. You can try to do your worst. But ensure that you kill the hybrid if not you will become an  Alpha without a pack" I warned breathing heavily.

Dean's nostrils flared as he looked at me. Then someone from the crowd clapped and then another followed and before you would know it the whole pack was clapping for me. It stopped after a while and they started chanting my name.

Sabrina walked to me with a smile and whispered "Benedicta and Merlin are safe. They are in my house. You can see them" 

I stared at her with wide eyes unsure if I could trust her at this moment. She might be trying to pull me out of here.

She nodded "I am serious," she said. "Now turn to the crowd and bow" she ordered.

I furrowed my eyebrows. Why would I bow? I did it anyway. And surprisingly they bowed to me with respect. Chills ran down my spine at the sight. This has never happened to Dean.

As I walked towards the exit, Lorenzo grabbed my hands stopping me on track. "Game on," he said with a glare.

I immediately went into my room and got out with my car keys. Sabrina was already waiting by the door by the time I got there.

"The people have chosen you," she said immediately after we entered inside.

I stopped in my tracks to stare at her and then turned to what I was doing before pretending not to hear her.

"Luca, I am sure you heard me. The people have chosen you" she repeated.

I bit my tongue from saying something stupid "I heard you the last time. Now put on your seat belt and let us go. I need to see Merlin"

A smile tugged her lips as she wore her seat belt. "You seem to have grown attached to this boy"

"Yes. I take him as a son" I admitted. There was no need to hide it.

"Good. Back to my topic. The people have chosen you. They bowed to you. It seems as if the moon goddess is in your favor"

I doubt I am sure I am the most highly unfavoured human being. First, my mother died at my birth. Then my father died later. My mate slept with my cousin. I found myself falling in love with my cousin's wife who had a kid for him and was a mate to an enemy pack. Can someone's life be more miserable? It has succeeded in taking my loved ones from me.

"What do you want, Sabrina?" I asked.

"To challenge Dean. If you kill the hybrid, they will let you be their Alpha and you can take Merlin as your heir since you are getting attached to the boy" she said.

I glanced at her and then at the road "I am not interested in the throne. The only person I wanted was gone. He can have the throne"

She tilted her head "That is what you would say now but time will tell"

I glanced at her and then at the road. What was she trying to say? I can't be the Alpha. They would not accept either a rogue or a hybrid as their Alpha.

But first I needed to find what the hybrid wanted and stop him or warn him not to touch the people I love.
###chapter 90
Lia pov.

Evening came slowly. Luca had already texted me the location of where we would meet. Now I just have to pass the time.

After the call with Lexie and confirming that Merlin was okay. Finn had left me like he did not join me for breakfast or even bade me goodbye he just left.

When I asked where he went they told me he had a business meeting. Everyone was at the table except him and Bianca.

And when I asked where Bianca was I was told she had a business meeting. I nodded with a smile. They all seemed to be having a business meeting early in the morning.

What did he say she was to him again? His cousin. His cousin, not his secretary or personal assistant so why did they attend meetings together?

Something was going on between them. He was cheating on me with her for sure. That was the only explanation he could give me.

When his sister tried to explain on their behalf, I shunned her. I was not a fool. 

I did not care about them that much. I had a son to worry about, and I still found myself wet thinking about Luca. Even the memory of his laughter caused warmth to my heart, and nowadays, I find myself thinking about him more often than I should.

Tried to find his personality in someone who had blue eyes or average-height hair or someone who laughed or looked at me with such respect.

Finn does not even care about me and I have accepted that in good faith. What I have not accepted is me being an ornament like I was in Dean's marriage.

The way I got rid of Maggie would be the same way I get rid of her. I would not only be his Luna, I would be his wife and also Luca's lover. It was time to be selfish.

After breakfast, I spent a lot of time with Annabel. She seemed more friendly with me and even confessed how she usually feels when she offers to do something for me, and I refused, only to see Daina doing it.

I had to accept the fact that I had another maid now.

Immediately it clocked seven o'clock I made my way to the outskirts of the pack without anyone following me or informing anybody. Luca had already told me he would be waiting.

Immediately I saw him, I ran to hug him, grateful that he had come.

"Are you fine?" he asked with concern. Maybe he was surprised by the way I hugged him tightly as if I was holding on to my dear life which was true. He was my life.

"Yes," I said in a whisper. I buried my nose in his coat to take in all his intoxicating scent.

Luca's muscles tightened for a while as I sniffed him in. "Lia, we need to talk," he said as he let me go.

I frowned. Why was he trying to be uptight around me? Has he moved on so quickly or what?.

I sat opposite him while he bent his head avoiding my gaze.

"I saw Merlin today and he has been asking after you. He is no longer safe with the pack as Hybrid keeps attacking us. You need to see him and talk to him," he said, but all his words sounded blurry to my ears.

"Did you kiss her?" I asked immediately if I was done trying. I was not going to hide my jealousy.

He furrows his eyebrow "What?" He asked with a surprised-filled tone.

I licked my teeth with my tongue and tilted my head to the side before turning to him.

"Did you kiss her?"

Luca's eyes narrowed to a split, and he leaned backward. "Who?" he asked.

"Jenny, did you kiss her?" I asked.

"No. Where is that coming from?" He asked, seeming genuinely confused.

I shrugged "I don't know. Maybe you will tell me. I hugged you and you did not hug me back. Not even a peck on my forehead. No, I missed you. So I was wondering maybe you fucked her while I thought about you"

He cursed under his breath "No. You are in your mate's pack. I would not want to complicate things the more"

"That did not answer my question?" I asked in a lethal tone.

"No! Okay. We did not even share a room. I slept playing Lana del Rey's song because it reminded me of you. Are you happy now? Can we go back to what is at hand I would love to do what I am here for and go. I would not want you to get into Finn's trouble because I would not be here to save you, and I am afraid that if I touch you, peck your forehead, or stare at you, I would lose control and forget why I am here. That is why I did not touch you. Are you happy now? Can we proceed?" He blurted out with pain in his voice.

My heart squeezed at his speech and his burning gaze on me. He was trying to stop himself from touching me so that Finn would not hurt me.

I inhaled sharply. "I am sorry," I said, even though I did not know what I was apologizing for.

"Don't be. Don't just let him touch you" he ordered with so much force in his voice.

I nodded. A moment of silence passed before I spoke "I plan on seeing him tomorrow morning. I would ask Finn for permission to visit. Have you found the hybrid?" I asked.

He shook his head sadly "No. I am thinking of taking Merlin in to protect him. Benedicta did a spell but she is human. If she died, all her spells die with her, and we would not be able to do anything to protect him. He would never get hurt with me"

"He would keep on asking about me"

"I would give him an excuse. I just want him to be okay. A hybrid can't kill a hybrid" he said.

I nodded, thankful for the fact that he still took Merlin as his son.

"How is he treating you?" He asked after a moment of silence passed.

I shook my head. "I think he has a Mistress," I said lazily.

"Bloody twat!" Luca cursed.

"Don't worry I am fine. However, I wanted to tell you something about Jenny" I said in a serious tone.

"Spill"

"Jenny does not want you or Dean. She wants the throne".
###chapter 91

Lia pov

"She doesn't want you or Dean, she wants the throne," I said.

Luca narrowed his eyes to a split "And where is this coming from?" He asked with a bit of impatience.

"That is what it looks like from the deal she made with Finn. She wants the throne," I explained in a pleading voice, praying that he was going to get me. 

He glanced at me and tilted his head the other way. A chuckle escaped his lips. "If this is about me and you I have told you that I did not touch her. We don't let our mates touch us until we don't have feelings for each other. So don't try to make Jenny look like a bad guy here. I know you don't like her, and you don't want her around me, but saying she wants the throne? It's kind of selfish" he said in a light tone.

Anger welled within me. I was seriously trying to save his life and all he could think about was that I was jealous. That I am being selfish.

"I am trying to save you, not being jealous. We have gotten over each other's jealousy. I want you to be happy. I don't want you to fall into her trap"

He scanned my face for a while and took a deep breath. "Look, Lia, I know you are worried about me, but this is not going to happen. We both know that females can't become Alphas" he explained as he took a sip of his drink.

Frustration boiled within me. I was trying to help him and all he wanted to do was make me look foolish. I hated the fact that he was so nonchalant about the issue.

"What do you want to drink?" He asked me.

I glared at him. "We are not eating or drinking until we are done with this topic"

"What topic lia. If it is about Jenny, it is over. I have already told you that females don't become Alpha" he said with a hint of impatience lurking around his voice.

I sat upright making sure he was looking at me. " See it this way. She gets married to you, or Dean gets pregnant, kills Dean,, and claims she is carrying his child. She becomes the Alpha because Dean has an heir"

He took a long sip from his milkshake. "Dean already has an heir, which is Merlin. And she can't kill me and Dean. They don't kill royals that way. And besides I am not going to get married to her neither is Dean"

I curled my fist and gritted my teeth "Merlin is not a legitimate heir. She could kill him if she gets to know and just watch sooner than later she will start asking you to marry her"

It was really annoying that he was not even trying to get me or know where I was coming from. Or has she also started manipulating him as well.

"She has already done that," he said.

I furrowed my eyebrows "Done what?" I asked, my heartbeat increased. Was he talking about marriage?

"Already asked me to marry her but I refused," he said nonchalantly.

What annoyed me most about this whole conversation was his nonchalance. I knew he never took anything seriously except it was about me, but he should try to understand me and at least let me know that he got what I was saying. He sees her as an enemy, too, and he would do everything to make sure that she does not sit on the Attic's throne.

"And what did you say?"

He shrugged, "I told her no. We both know I cannot live with her"

I heaved a sigh of relief and leaned back into my chair, massaging my head. She was already moving faster than we thought she would.

"Why do you think she wants the throne and not me? Who told you that? I mean, she can't just come back from the dead and want the throne," he explained.

I nodded my head "I know. But Annabel-

"Who is Annabel"

"My maid" 

"Hmm. So you think whatever she is saying is the Truth?"

I hit my hand lightly on the table. "Let me talk. Stop making assumptions" I instructed.

"She said during the years. Jenny used to visit Finn. They are friends. You know Finn said he would give us three days he came that same day and took me"

"Hmm. I remember"

I nodded "Good. It was because she told him that I was fucking you. She even gave him photos of us in the museum and got a maid from your palace who sent her a photo of us spending time together in the palace. She did that so that she could initiate Finn to take me away. If Finn took me away you would have no choice but to be with her. She is either going to kill you or stab you and make Dean make love to her and maybe kill him and don't tell me she would not be able to seduce Dean. We both know he would fuck anything that does not have a dick. Maybe she would kill you or let you leave. I don't know, but I promise you, Luca, that she did not come for good. Believe me". I pleaded softly.

It would kill me if something happened to him, especially with the fact that I was not there to do anything.

"Are you sure about this?" He asked.

"Yes," I nodded and showed him the photos she sent to me.

A curse escaped his lips immediately when he saw the photos of us in the museum. We were having sex when she took the photo.


"This bloody twat. I will deal with her!" He shouted, his muscles tightened with anger.

I took his palm Into mine and gave it a soft squeeze. "Please be careful. I don't want anything to happen to you" I implored.

His gaze fell on my face. He nodded. He knew I was serious. He knew I would not be able to take it if anything happened to him.

"Let's talk about Merlin. I am thinking of taking him to the palace" he said.
###chapter 92

Luca POV.

Lia's face immediately grew pale with my suggestion. Her jaw dropped as she stared at me. I waited for her to say something, anything.

"What? I..I mean why? You can't take him to the palace. Jenny is there" she said in a whisper, her voice laced with fear.

I closed my eyes for a moment as I tried to explain Merlin's situation to her. I only told her about Merlin and the hybrid. I did not tell her how much conflict he caused and what Benedicta had told me.

"He is not safe outside the pack either. The hybrid attacked his house"

"I know but Benedicta did a spell. If he comes again she would do a spell till he dies"

"And if he snaps Benedicta's neck and she dies what would happen? Merlin needs the protection of somebody. You, me, Benedicta, his dad, and Lexie. He is the price. He needs all the protection we can offer," I explained.

A glint of anger flashed through her eyes as she glared at me." You are his Dad and Benedicta can protect him. I would only agree if you give me another option" 

I took a glance at her face, at her long lashes and beautiful freckles. "We both know that I am not his Dad. The only option left is for you to take him with you" I said.

Her eyes widened "Are you being serious? Finn would kill me for even keeping such a secret from him"

"He would not care that much. He has a mistress, and besides, he keeps on asking about you every single day. He keeps on complaining telling me he wants to be with his mother. Are you waiting till he asks you if you are his mother before it dawns on you that you have been absent all his life? He needs a parent's warmth, and just so you know, Benedicta got weak; she is not fine, and do you know why? Because she spent all her energy doing spells for Merlin, and just for your information,, he attacked their house thrice lia, thrice, and Benedicta kept on doing spells. Today she might not be able to do it because of her health. What are you going to do? I visited him and all he could ask me was where his mother was. He needs his mother! He needs you" I whisper. 

She was seriously getting on my nerves. We both knew how life was without a mother and here she was trying to deprive him of his mother.

My mind flashed back to the question he asked me as I fed him cereals.

"Are all mothers like this? Bella has a mother, and her mother is always with her and cuddles her to sleep, but I have none except you. No one comes to my school activity. Benedicta is mostly busy. Why is my mum not coming? Does she hate me?" He asked.

Pain squeezed my heart at his question. Not only because of that but because of how pained he sounded when asking the question. He seems frustrated and helpless. And I knew for sure that he must have tried to convince her.

She took in a deep breath, tears stood in her eyes. I closed my eyes as I grained. I have forgotten how soft Lia can be around me.

"You know it is not my fault," she said helplessly. "I can't tell Dean; he does not even remember that night, and I can't tell Finn. He would not listen; he might even kill Merlin," she said weakly.

I sucked in a deep breath. I hate seeing Lia like this.

"I know but we have to do something. I might spend a night in their house today to protect him but we have to do something. Do you know what he asked me?"

She sucked in her tears "What did he ask you?"


Are all mothers like this? Bella has a mother, and her mother is always with her and cuddles her to sleep, but I have none except you. No one comes to my school activity. Benedicta is mostly busy. Why is my mum not coming? Does she hate me? That was what he said" I told her.

Her eyes widened as her hands trembled "Are you serious? Did he ask that question" she asked in a trembling voice.

I nodded. It was obvious that she was in pain but I had to tell her.

"Ohh, god. He must probably hate me. My child hates me. I am a failure" she said amidst tears.

I moved towards her and wiped her tears before engulfing her in a hug. "I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I can't live with the idea of my child hating me" she pleaded.

I nodded, still patting her back. Sometimes life gives us situations without solutions. I wonder how she survived during her first year till she met me.

"Where were you when you met Dean?" I asked after her sobs had subsided.

"At Miami. We had a party and I felt like escaping from the pack where everyone knew me as wolfless. I felt a night of music and tequila won't hurt but it ended up giving me a lifetime punishment" she said 

"Shh, Merlin is not a punishment. It is only looking like one because his father does not know him. If he knew you would be treated as a queen and nothing less"

This was true because he was looking for an heir. He would be amazed to find out that he had a son.

"I would visit him tomorrow but what do we do?" She asked me. She looked so pained and drained. Gosh! I would have kept his speech to myself.

"I would talk to Sabrina. Maybe she can do some spell or find out why he forgot. It is okay for you not to remember, your world was locked but he is an Alpha. He cannot get drunk"

"So you think someone is behind this?" She asked.

I nodded "That is my guess," I said.

Her phone pepped with a notification. Color immediately drained from her skin. "Oh my god. Finn is looking for me. He has sent men to search for you. Better get going," she said with so much fear and pain.
###chapter 93

Luca POV

I nodded and stood up. "Bye", I said, but instead, she ran toward me and claimed my lips. I halted for a while trying to fight the desire that was burning me. This place might be quiet but anyone could see us. She bit my lips and just like that. I lost every will in me. I kiss her back, claiming her, owing her, making sure she never forgot me.

We broke from the kiss panting heavily. "I love you," she said, and once again, I felt a strange emotion in my tummy.

"I love you too," I said and watched as he made her way towards the door.

I looked around and picked up my phone. Thankfully, no one was around, or so I thought. 

A clap from the side of the restaurant startled me. Goosebumps filled my skin. Someone saw us. Someone saw Luna kissing her ex-husband's brother.

I turned around to meet a slender talk man. Someone I could break easily.

"Who would have thought that the new Luna has a lover? No wonder you booked the whole restaurant. Now I see" he said with an amusing smile.

He shoved his hands into his pocket and walked towards me "Forgive me. Are you not Dean's brother? The weak rogue" he asked.

I looked at my wristwatch and looked around to make sure no one saw me murdering because I would kill him and leave no trace behind or maybe burn him to avoid every hybrid mark.

He hit his hand on the table. "I am sure I said something rogue," he said in a drained tone.

I scoffed "Seriously? You were talking? Forgive me; I tend to zone out when fools are talking," I apologized.

"You are rude for a rogue. Imagine what would happen if I told the Alpha that I saw his mate kissing a rogue. He would have your head for seeing her!" He dared.

I closed my eyes. This was why I did not want to kiss her back; this was why I just told her goodbye and left, even though everything within me wanted to take her and maybe fuck her against the table. She was no longer mine. It was a painful realization. She was Finn's mate and not mine. Not like she had ever been mine.

The toad moved towards me, keeping just an inch away from me. "Imagine what he would do to you. The way he would kill you for laying your hands on his mate. I always knew something was wrong. She looked like a whore from afar" he said.

That was it. That statement was what flipped my self-control and made anger rush towards me with the need to kill someone growing inside me.

I burst into laughter, laughing at how unwise he was to do such a thing. To dare a hybrid. His face creased into a frown and my laughter increased. Seriously, I never knew people were this ugly."You seem to have so much faith in your Alpha" I said, my face laced with amusement.

"Oh yes. He is an Alpha and not a rogue" he boasted 

I raised an eyebrow. "And well, I am not a rogue either,r," I disclosed and immediately launched toward him. I could feel my body changing, I could feel my wolf coming out.

His eyes widened with fear. "You are a .. Hybrid," he said and attempted to run, but it was already too late. I lunched towards him and snapped his neck before sucking his blood dry.

It tasted good and felt so good. The hunger increased in me. To take someone, to drink another blood.

I made my way towards the bathroom and watched my mouth off the blood. I curled my fist even though I was trying so hard to control myself. Thank the moon goddess that we met on the outskirts of the town. Before someone would visit, it would take time; besides, the pack had already put a curfew, afraid of the blood-thirsty hybrid.

I walked out and poured the alcohol into his dead body before lighting it on fire. Without wasting time I exited through the back door and drove back to my pack.

During the ride, my mind could not help but go back to Lia and the kiss and to how good blood felt. Even though I had tried to control myself I still found myself craving for more blood and more kisses.

Before I knew what I was doing I was playing Lana del Rey music in my car. While imaging Lia's face that managed to calm me down. It surprised me how just the memory of her calmed my nerves.

I packed at a restaurant and called a guard to take the car home.  Then I followed a route that led to Benedicta's house. It was just seven, and everyone was afraid they had already locked themselves inside the house.

I knocked on Benedicta's door. She opened it after checking who I was through the window.

My plan was to take my bath and sleep and then wait till the night when the hybrid came only for me to get there and see Sabrina sitting on the couch.

I groaned as I cracked my neck. I was tired. "Sabrina. What did you want?" I asked.

She smiled "I came to see Merlin," she said.

I glanced around searching for the Merlin she came to see. "It doesn't look like that because he is not here" I retorted.

Her smile widened to a poker's own "Manners, Luca. Manners. Where have you been?" She asked.

I smacked my lips and rolled my eyes. Seriously? Since when did I get an accountability partner?

"I went to see Merlin's mother," I said.

"Oh, well while you were there. Jenny announced that you both are getting married, the day after tomorrow" 

"What? How? I mean.  Who did she tell?" I asked.

She shrugged "And Dean agreed. Do you know what that means?" She asked.

I shook my head, too tired to answer. "It means that you now have official enemies. Especially with what happened this morning. People that want to see you fall" she said.
0094
Dean POV

"I told you. Didn't I? I warned you that Luca wanted your throne but you refused. He wants lia and that is all! We would have killed him when we got the chance but you refused. Now, it is almost too late! He did not only talk back at you, he had managed to convince the people that you are a bad Alpha. Now they want him, Dean! They want a rogue over us, the Royal!"Lorenzo shouted as he kicked the chair in front of him.

I closed my eyes for a while wondering who to believe between him and Luca. For me, Luca did not want the throne. It was evident in his face. You could see the surprise when they bowed to him. 

That was not my business. What I wanted to know was why he seemed so interested in checking that boy's body. It was as if he had a bond with him. Could he have kids I did not know.

"Dean! I am talking to you" Lorenzo shouted again disrupting my thought.

I rolled my eyes as I used my fingers to massage my head. Sometimes, Lorenzo was a whole pack of trouble.

"I am listening" I replied even though I knew that he knew I was not listening but who cares. I am listening.

"What do we do?" He asked with so much anger in his voice, his eyes screaming revenge.

I whirled my chair around for a while before turning to him with a shrug. "I don't know"

He narrowed his eyes "What do you mean buy you don't know?"

"Well, I don't know what to do. You can't change people 's minds in a whole day. They are not going to accept UA if the hybrid keeps attacking people. If we can kill the hybrid then we can talk to the people and convince them" I explained.

He stared at me with defeat before he finally sat down. His hands drummed the table "How are we going to get him?" He asked.

That was a question I could not answer. How will I be able to get him? He is a hybrid. My father had made sure he had killed all the hybrids after he discovered that a part of them was planning to overthrow him. Now he could not do anything.

"We will keep on sending men till they kill him".

" Is that the solution you have?" He asked.

I nodded. What's he expecting? A genius idea? I had no idea how to kill a hybrid. Something within me told me that he wanted to take my throne. Maybe he will come back for revenge for what my father did to his kind and the only way to do that was to kill people. Making me look weak.

"Do you know the bond between that child and Luca?" I asked.

He raised an eyebrow "How does that relate to what we are talking about?" He asked.

I took shaky breaths and sighs. I sighed and saw this same boy with the same bracelet on his hands and he was calling me father. At first, I thought it was a mere dream until it started repeating itself again and again.

"I don't know. He seemed so attached to the body" I explained.

Lorenzo nodded and took a sip of his drink. "That does not matter now that the boy is dead. The parents came to take him away" he informed me.

He took a final gulf of drink and sat up looking at me.

"What do we do, Luca might become the Alpha"

"He will not"

"He will"

I hissed in annoyance. This man had a way of getting on my nerves. He had always wanted us to kill Luca one way or the other. Fond silly excuse to make sure we  killed him

"We can kill him accusing him of treason" he suggested with an amused smile.

I smile back,not at him but at his foolishness. Like what would someone decide to be this annoying? I have told him times without number that killing Luca was out of the picture. Is it either we lock him, stab him, punish him or not kill him? Like it or not he is the only cousin I had. My only family.

" Well he has not committed treason" I defended.

"Really? Did you not see the way he talked back to you? He wanted you to appear weak that is enough treason"

"Well. If we start killing people because they talked back at me everyone around me would have been dead" I said with a sarcastic tone.

"He opened his mouth to talk," I added.

His eyes widened. It was as if he was trying to digest whatever I said. Trying to wrap it around his head that I had just told him he was living at my mercy.

"I am your Beta, Dean. Your best friend. You would cut me some slack" he said in a weak terrified voice. 

I chuckled "I know, you are my Beta. But you and I know that you were Luca's Best friend, not mine. You left him after what he did so don't come here telling me what to do, Who to punish and who not to punish. You and I both know that you would switch sides if anything happened to me. So do something for me. Find out who that dead boy is to Luca and find a witch that can help us locate the hybrid "I ordered.

He stared at me in disbelief. Then he shoved his hands into his pocket. " If this is what I get for my loyalty. Then okay. I would go and find a way to kill the hybrid while you sit here" 

I nodded and waved my hands at him. Dismissing him. I was already too tired to argue with him. He knows I told him the truth.

My phone seeped with a notification. I clicked on it. It was a message from Jenny

"I have told the people. I and Luca are getting married" she informed me.


0095
Lia pov.

Immediately I stepped out of the restaurant. Cold caressed my skin causing goosebumps to cloak my skin. I hugged myself tightly. I stopped for a while to stare at Luca's car. That car had brought me so many memories. I had cried in that car, had multiple orgasms, and even quarreled in that same car.

Without wasting much more time I went away. Making sure no one saw me, I wrapped my scarf carefully to avoid suspicion. My mouth still smells like scotch. 

For a moment I wondered what would have happened if Luca just took me to the table there without wasting time or trying to restrain himself. I could tell that he wanted to fuck me hard from the way he looked at me with desire mixed with lust or with the way he caressed my lips after the kiss.

After a while, I stopped at the center of the pack and took a cab to the palace. I wonder why Finn started looking for me. Like he had Binaca he should try to focus on her and leave me alone.

Immediately, the gate opened, and I stepped outside. Annabel rushed to me with worry masked on her face.

"Annabel, what happened? You don't look okay" I said with a hint of concern.

"The Alpha has been looking for you. He is so furious right now" she informed me.

I rolled my eyes "Is that the reason for your fear? I will be fine" I assured her, squeezing her shoulders lightly.

She nodded with a plastered smile. "I know. It's just that he has anger issues, and he felt you were in danger," she said, taking my handbag from me.

I nodded, heaving a sigh of relief. It was better than him thinking I had gone to see Luca.

"Do you have any free clothes?" I asked if I needed to cover Luca: 's scent around me.

"Yes." She answered.

"Good. Where is he?" I asked.

"In the pool. Alone" she added with emphasis on alone.

 That was the least of my concerns right now.

"Get me some of your clothes. I need to change" I informed her. She stared at me with wide eyes, I knew so many questions were running through her mind. Like, what did a royalty need maid clothes for or stuff like that, but it was not my business.

"What are you waiting for? Get going," I ordered, dismissing me.

She nodded with hesitation and ran away. I immediately rushed into my room and took my bath, trying to scrub off Luca's scent on me, but no matter how I did it. I could not erase his presence from my mind. His smile still caused butterflies to fill my tummy and even the imagery of his husky voice warmed my ties.

She brought the clothes and I put them on. I allowed it to stay on my Body for a while before I changed into my actual royal clothes and made my way to the pool. He seemed to have a swimming 

Thankfully by the time I got there, no one was there. It was just me and him and his house guard. Immediately he saw me he swamped outside, worry masked his face.

"Where have you been? I have been searching for you" he said.

I gave him a polite smile. My body reacted to his touch but my heart did not. When I looked at his eyes, my stomach did not flutter, and I did not find it hard to breathe with his piercing gaze. Everything was ordinary without any emotions.

Why did I not get mated to Luca? It would have been an epic love story but then again, I could not be mated to him. He had a mate.

I cleared my throat "I went to visit Benedicta and Lexie. Lexie was slightly injured. We needed to take care of her" I answered.

He heaved a sigh of relief. "Yes, I know, but you would have told me. I could have sent some guards with you. What if they had hurt you?" He asked with genuine concern.

It touched my heart. It seriously did but it was not needed.

"They are my pack members. They would never hurt me" I answered.

He nodded. "Yes, but that was before, but now you are the Luna of another pack. Not just another pack but an enemy who tooked their Luna," he said.

Whatever he said was true. I knew that most of the pack females would hate me because I was Finn's mate but I didn't think they would hurt me. Luca would not let them touch my hair.

"Let's go back to our room," he said.

I nodded and walked in total silence. It was only filled with stolen glances from Finn. My mind wandered around so many things like what would I do if he caught me. What excuse was I going to give tomorrow to make him allow me to visit Merlin? Did anyone see me with Luca?

"Why did you not tell me you were going?" He asked again for the second time. Irritation was already building up within me.

" you and your secretary. Oh, sorry you and your cousin went to a business meeting. How was I meant to see you?" I asked, my tone lacking impatience.

He glanced at me from the side and tilted his head to the other side. "Nothing is going on Lia. I don't know what I would do to convince you" he said softly, as if he was imploring me to trust him to give him a little piece of my heart.

"If you say so," I said and continued walking in utter silence.

Immediately we entered the room I pulled my Royal gown and changed to a more suitable outfit.

By the time I came outside, there was a card on the table with Finn leaning on the wall beside it.

"What is this?" I asked to open the invitation card.

"An invitation to Luca's marriage" he informed me. Although he tried to sound normal, I could feel the hint of joy in his tone 
0096

Luca POV.


"Oh, well while you were there. Jenny announced that you both are getting married, the day after tomorrow" 

"What? How? I mean.  Who did she tell?" I asked anger mixed with disbelief welled up within me.

What the hell is wrong with Jenny? How would you announce a marriage when the groom clearly disagrees where this is done?

"And Dean agreed. It means you now have so many enemies" Sabrina informed me with delight in her voice. 

I did not blame her. She lived for the delight of war, chaos, and anything that would add importance to her presence in the pack.

I paced around the room as I tried to wrap my head around what was happening. How the hell did Dean agree to this? Marriage was the last thing on my mind right now. I would never get married to her. I would never become Jenny's husband. She knew I had commitment issues. I sometimes like to taste a different flavour that was why we organised threesomes or a sex party. The only time my sexual desires to one person was when I was with Lia. I still find myself masturbating with just the thought of her in my mind.

Maybe it was just a rumour Sabrina was trying to pull my legs.

"And how did  you hear about this information?" I asked.

Benedicta stood up and gave me an invitation letter with my name and hers in it. Frustration filled up within me. I raked my hand on my hair.

"How many people did she share this with? Is it only an important member of the pack?" I asked. 

She can't just print cards within a day that would curtail the whole pack. We were much.

"The whole pack and even the royals in another pack

Disbelief washed through me. What the hell! What the actual fuck! How the hell did this happen? To all the royals of other packs.

To all Royal

To all Royal

My eyes widened with disbelief. It only meant that she must have asked them to give Finn. Lia must have seen the card. She must have seen the wedding card. Now she would think I was just trying to play with her feelings. 

How the fuck would she feel. I fucking kissed her and now I am getting married. She would feel used.

"That means Lia must have found out about us," I said, rather than a statement.

Sabrina nodded "She and Dean played a fast game" 

I nodded "A fast one"

"How are the people taking it?" I asked.

"Well. Some are happy about it. Others are angry. They feel you should have waited for a while before getting married to her"

I nodded. I took a glance at Benedicta and Sabrina. "Where is Merlin?" I asked.

"He is asleep. He slept early" she said before asking "What did Lia say"

My heart squeezed at how Lia would react if she found out about this. She was even coming tomorrow. I would have to visit tomorrow. Make her understand me. I would never wed Jenny. Not even at death.

"She will be coming tomorrow," I said.

I turned around and walked towards the door but Sabrina grabbed my hands. 

"What?" I asked shooting a death glare.

She smiled. "Firstly, remove that glare. I am not the reason you are getting married and secondly, what do you plan on doing when you get there?" She asked with a serious tone.

I relaxed a bit trying to hide my frustration.

I took a step backward and stared at her. "I would make sure she revokes the plan and then asks Dean to cancel the marriage. I am not getting married to Jenny and I won't!" I said.

A chuckle escaped her lips. "Is that your lame idea?" She asked with a daring tone.

I rolled my eyes "Look, Sabrina. I am tired and I am not up for any game or scheming. So tell me what is on your mind and let me go"

She remained silent, staring at me. Seriously speaking, if she was a younger girl and not my mother's best friend. I would have mistaken her affection and stare for love.

"Spill"

"Do you think Jenny printed those cards in just one or two days? Did she plan it down? Does she know what she is doing? She doesn't want you or Dean. She wants the throne. I can see it"

I stared at her; she had told me the same words that Lia had told me.

She doesn't want me or Dean. She wants the throne.

Gush! This is the most frustrating ###chapter of my life how the hell did this happen? 

"What would you have me do?" I asked.

A genuine smoke shadowed her lips. "Call the whole pack tomorrow and tell them that it is a lie. Make sure she looks manipulative to them, and then we would work on Dean recovering his memory about Merlin and Lia. He needs to know that he has a child. He is not going to have lia. You and I know who she wants. He just needs to crown him the heir apparent to the throne. By this, every other opposition dies down. Including the unknown hybrid"

Painful bottle around my chest. Her palm was a genius plan. A perfect plan but I would end up losing Lia. She would never be mine publicly, she would just be Dean's own. I would forever lurk around in her shadows.

As if on cue, Sabrina said. "You could kill Dean and take his wife after he has made Merlin his heir. By doing so, you would have the throne, Lia, and Merlin who you have grown attached.

I looked at Benedicta and she gave me a nod. She accepted Sabrina's suggestion.

I turned to Sabrina. "Thank you so much," I said.

She nodded happily. It is the first time I have had her.

I walked out of the house with only one regret, which was the fact that I could not see Merlin. I knew that Sabrina had advised me but I was going to that house with one agenda. Either I burn Jenny or she gets out of the pack.


0097


Dean pov.

Immediately Lorenzo stormed off in anger after learning the truth. I called in the bodyguard who I have sent to follow Luca to give me feedback on when he went.

He entered inside after I had ordered him to come in. 

"Where did he go?" I asked without wasting time. I would pay the place a visit. I needed to see for myself what he was up to. He hardly spent time in the palace again 

"He stopped at the outskirts of the town but I do think he outsmarted us. He came back with a cab" he reported.

Fuck! I shouted as I mumbled a lot of curses under my breath. He knew we were following him and had decided to do otherwise.

"How could you be so ignorant? He was not meant to find out!" I shouted.

The only grace saving this man was that he was a good soldier to the pack. If not, he would have been dead by now.

"I'm sorry. Your grace. Our men also saw him with Sabrina, the witch," he informed me.

I nodded and waved my hands at him, dismissing him.

Immediately, he closed the door behind him, and I leaned back into my chair. Worry trickled down my spine. Sabrina hated us, that was a fact, and if he was on Luca's side, he would eventually win us. What were they discussing again?

A knock on the door interrupted my thought. I  groaned in frustration. They should allow me to be left alone.

"Come in," I ordered.

Jenny strolled inside with a paper in her hand and a smile that was looking so fake. I closed my eyes for a moment calling on patience to come to me.

"What?" I asked. "What do you want"

She smiled and looked around the office. "You seem to have changed your office decoration. It's a shame, I preferred the last one"

I gritted my teeth in anger. It was getting more difficult to control myself around annoying people 

"Well, you died. The world does not stop because some whore passed away"

A glint of anger passed through her eyes. She narrowed her eyes to a split as a smile of satisfaction tugged my lips. I have successfully hurt her feelings.

She shook her head and squared her shoulders before sitting down. She tossed the paper to me.

I glared at her and then the paper "What is this?"

"Open it"

I curled my hand into a fist "Look if-

" Open it and stop blabbing," she said in a nonchalant tone.

What the fuck. In fact, at that moment I had made up my mind that she was going to leave this palace.

I glared at her once more before taking the paper. I took a good look at it trying to make sense of what was on it. It contained a list of gifts and cooking stuff that summed up to three million dollars.

What she sought was a feast. She needed three million dollars. This was too much.

I tossed the paper back at her. "It's too much. If we are holding a feast, cut down the budget. Meet Lorenzo not me"

"It's not a feast!" She said,

I raised my eyebrows. "If it is not a feast then why would you need such an amount of money?" I asked impatience trickling down my skin.

"It's for me and Luca's marriage," she said and brought out a card from her purse and handed it over to me.

I stared at the card in disbelief. It had my seal and signature on it. I don't remember signing any of this.

"How? I mean did Luca agree? And how did you get my seal and signature?" I was shocked by what was going on.

She raised a shoulder. "Well, I would convince Luca about the wedding, and as for the seal, I stole it, and the signature, I forged it," she confessed.

Gosh! What have I gotten myself into? "You just stayed for a day and you are already forging signatures?" I asked.

"Yes, if I had come to you, you would have never agreed so I used another means," she said.

Anger welled up within me. Irritation itched my skin. The fact that she stole the Royal seal, forged my signature, and even lied about Luca's consent made me want to kill her and rip her heart out. She was better dead than alive. I wonder what Luca saw in her that made him depressed.

I banged my hand on the table "Have you gone mad? This wedding is not going to be held. I do not approve of it and I never will. Tomorrow morning get out of this palace"

She seemed unaffected and even stared at me in the eye. "Is it just me or all Attic royalties are the same? They talk to the women they once fucked anyhow without any remorse. Well, for your information, I am Luca's mate, and I am not going anywhere," she affirmed.

Just then, Lorenzo, together with Luca, barged into the office.

"Oh, Darling-" she started but was cut off when Luca raised her with her hair. She winced in pain.

"Who told you we were getting married?" He asked in a lethal voice. 

"I don't need to. We are getting married, and you waited for me for so many years," she said, and Luca tightened his grip on her hair, making her wince the more.

He brought her face to his own bite kept two inches apart.

"Now you listen to me you bloody twat. I am not your mate and would never be. I Luca Attic reject you as my mate forever"

"I do not accept your rejection and I will not leave," she said boldly.

Luca scoffed and looked at her again. Within a split second, he brought out the white oak and drove it into her heart.

"You will remain trapped forever," he said and turned to us.

"I don't care what plan you had, but if you let her go, just know that I would kill you irrespective of the family bond we share, " he said and left.
  
	
0098
Lia pov

"What is this?" I asked to open the invitation card.

"An invitation to Luca's marriage" he informed me. Although he tried to sound normal, I could feel the hint of joy in his tone.

Shock cloaked my body as goosebumps filled my skin. My heart squeezed with pain as I stared at the card in disbelief.

"What?" I asked my voice almost in a whisper.

"An invitation card to your ex-lover's wedding" he confirmed with a mocking smile.

I refused to pay attention to whatever he was saying. I knew he would be happy that Luca was getting married. It would make him have me all to himself. To anyone, it would be cute, seeing your mate wanting to spend time with you, but to me, it was pure torture. He was just a friend or any male friend. His smile did not give me butterflies, his gaze did not make me feel like the only person in the room, nor did his mate's scent make it uncomfortable for me to think about anything. He would never be Luca no matter what.

"Who gave you? I.. I mean how did you get this card? Who sent it to you? How sure are you that Luca agreed to this? There must be a mistake somewhere" I said with a trembling voice. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Luca would not just leave me. We fucking kissed.

A glint of anger swept through Finn's face. His jaw tightened "Why? What makes you think that Luca would not move on? Huh?" He asked.

Regret swept through me. I would have never said such a word. He is my mate after all. He must be hurting inside.

"I did. I did not mean it that way?" I said in a low voice.

"No! You meant Luca would never leave me. He would wait for me. He cannot be with his mate. I thought you said you would give us a chance. I thought you said you would get rid of Luca! I am your mate Lia! Your mate! Not your fucking toy that you lie to and give fake promises away. You don't even know what you want? You see me with Bianca, and you get jealous and mad and even try to give me some silent treatment, so imagine how I would feel if you were crying because Luca is getting married! Your ex-lover is getting married and you are crying in front of your mate!" He shouted, his voice echoing unbounded the full room. The air around the room became warmer with his outburst, his blue eyes darkened to a stormy sea on a cold night.

I heaved a sigh. He had every right to be angry and I must have been a fool to think Luca would love me. That he would make sacrifices for me. That he would stay away from a mate he mourned for years even while I was with him. A mate he loved so dearly that he decided to avenge her death by killing his aunt and his cousin, hell he wanted to kill me and Merlin because we were related to Dean. He wanted to kill a seven-year-old boy for a woman that died seven years ago.

I should focus on my marriage. Focus in Finn desperately craved my trust and attention, and with time, things would get better. After all, I hated Luca when we first met.

I turned to him. "I was just surprised, not sad"

He glared at me and took a step back, his fist still in his pocket. He strolled around the room twice.

"Surprised huh?" He asked.

I nodded with dread. His actions were becoming creepy. What was he planning to do?

He walked around again before he stopped in front of me. His breathing increased; he pointed a finger at me as if to warn me, then curled it into a fist and dropped it. His whole body trembled with anger. He opened his mouth to say something and closed it again. He was trying so hard to control his anger.

" Oh please, Lia, cut that crap. Who the hell do you want to deceive, huh? Is it me or someone else? Because you can't tell me? I don't know the difference between surprised people and those that are sad. Surprised people don't cry, their hands don't tremble because they received news that their boyfriend was getting married!" He shouted his veins throbbing out of his head.

"I am not lying Finn. It came as a surprise. I would agree that a bit of me was sad but you have to understand. I am human, I have feelings. I was dating his boy just three days ago and now he is getting married to someone else. It feels so annoying and painful. I feel used" I explained. He had to understand me.

Although I still couldn't understand what was going on. We kissed some hours ago and now I am getting an invitation to his marriage. My mind flashed back to how he resisted kissing me back. How I was the one who imitated the kiss because I thought he was missing me but still wanted me to be saved. 

The realization crept into my brain slowly, piece by piece. All the moment he had rejected me in anger.

I could get anyone to sleep with me. 

Don't mistake my kindness for love.

And then the way he denied any ill allegations when I asked him why he did not kiss me back.

I am used to it. Perfectly used. All those moments were pretense. They did not mean anything to him. Maybe he wanted to get into me, make me trust him, and then hurt Merlin. 

Fear gripped me as I thought about Merlin, could he be the one lurking as the hybrid? Could he be the bloodthirsty hybrid?

A chuckle escaped my lips. The mistake he made was thinking I would not get back at him for what he did. First I would get Merlin out of the place and then kill him and Jenny

I turned to Finn. " I trust you and I want you," I told him.

He raised an eyebrow and glanced at me unsure of what to believe.

I stepped close to him only an inch apart.

"I know you don't trust me but let me prove it to you. Let's get married" I said.

0099
Luca POV

Immediately I stepped out of Dean's office I went straight towards my room and locked my door tightly behind me. I could feel my eyes changing, my fur coming up. The hunger from before had returned. I closed my eyes as I tried to control my desires. I can't harm anyone and I was a good hybrid, not a bad one, not a bloodthirsty one.

Maybe I should call Lia. She would be able to smother me. I called the first time but she did not pick up.

Fear gripped me. Was she angry with me? Did she believe what the invitation card said to her? Was she going to leave me again or for the final time? Had Jenny succeeded in tricking both of us

I called her again but she did not pick up. The second time. Lia always picked up her calls immediately after you called her. She was always on her phone either playing her Lana del Rey song or watching an erotic movie. 

What are the chances that she is snubbing me? I texted her.

Please pick up my call. I have to explain everything to you. 

She read it, and for a moment, I saw her typing back. My heartbeat increased in anticipation. What was going to be her response? Anyway, I was going to explain to her and she would understand. We loved each other, we can't live without one another.

She sent me a text message with three simple words that flipped my mood upside down." fuck you, Luca" 

No, no. It can't be. What sound do I say to make her believe me? I started texting back when a notification popped up.

This contact blocked you

Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! What the hell just happened? I reread it to be sure of what I was seeing. She blocked me. She Fucking blocked me without waiting for an explanation. Sometimes it felt as if she did not trust me.

This felt as if she was ending what we shared. As if she was letting me know that I meant nothing to her. Absolutely nothing. Felt as if she was ending this ###chapter of her life and beginning a new one with Finn.

Gosh! I needed to do something. Maybe visit her pack tomorrow and explain to her. I lay down on my bed completely exhausted as I tried to sleep.

Instead, the weather decided to be against me tonight. Rain poured heavily and it came with thunderstorms.

I closed my eyes and pressed my ears together as I tried to stop the sound from entering my brain and stirring up my haunted memories.

Regret filled me. I would have killed Jenny as soon as she arrived. If I had done so, she would not have been able to destroy my relationship. I was a fool, a big one. I always managed to hurt the people I cared about.

The thunder blast came so loud that I felt it was directed at my window. I closed my eyes and curled my hand into a fist as I tried to block the degrading voice that filled my head.

"It was a mistake, father," I apologized, blood dripping from my lips.

"A  mistake? You killed someone and you call it a mistake. Do you know what they would do to you if they found out? They will kill you!" My father whispered.

I swallowed hard, trying to stop the tears that threatened to flow.

"I did not know. Besides, he bit me and I did not die. I am a rogue and he is a full wolf. How come I could kill him?" I asked my father.

"Because you are cursed. You are a mistake!" He shouted slowly.

Pain bottles around my chest, sending Adrenaline down my body. Did my father just call me a mistake?

"Father! He insulted me. He called me a useless rogue" I shouted back. 

He scoffed and bent to my height since he was taller than me. His lips came close to my ear.

"For the record. You are useless and a mistake. All you do is hurt those who care about your disdainful existence. You killed your mother while coming to this world. You are just thirteen and you have killed your best friend, the only one who appreciated your unwanted presence. I should never have had you. I should have let your mother abort you. At least she would be alive and not dead," he said and raised his head to look at me. His green eyes filled with disgust and disdain.

He straightened up and took two steps backward, my body still trembling at what he just told me. All my life, I had tried my best to satisfy him, but to no avail, and to make matters worse, he never wanted me.

"Now go and bring a lighter. Let's burn this body before anyone sees it," he ordered, his voice filled with irritation.

I stood there staring at him. I wanted him to tell me he was sorry and that he would not do such a thing. Explain to me how my bite could kill a fellow wolf. Instead, he tilted his head asking me to leave.

We burnt his body at night. I stood there watching the fire burn and the only words that could come to me was that I was useless and I hurt the people I loved.

My phone's ringing tone disrupted my thoughts. I opened my eyes to see my knuckles filled with blood and a cracked wall. I have been hitting the wall.

It was Benedicta. I picked it up and walked toward my wardrobe where I kept my first aid box.

"Hello"

"Luca, it is me, Benedicta," she said in a trembling whisper.

"I know," I answered.

"Okay. The hybrid has come out again and is lurking around our neighborhood. Merlin is sick like he is shivering, and so am I. Can you come? So that he won't attack us. Please. I beg you" she pleaded.

"I will be on my way," I said and stood up, wrapped the bandage around my hand, and walked toward the car pack.


0100

Lia pov

"What?" Finn asked, his voice filled with uncertainty.

I crossed my ar around my chest "You heard me. Let's get married" I repeated.

His eyes widened with shock. Of course, he had not been expecting me to make such a proposal.

"Are you being serious?" He asked, his voice masked with disbelief.

I nodded and walked toward him, pointing a finger at his chest. "Of course I am. I have never been this sure of something"

He stared at me for a while and tilted his head to the other side. A mischievous grin shadowed my face. I would show Luca that two can play a game. He did not get to trick me and have a peaceful life ahead of him. It was never going to happen. I would get married to Finn and send men to kill Jenny and him but I would kill Jenny first so that he can soak into the grief of losing a mate.

"Are you doing this to get back at Luca? Because if that is what you are trying to do, I am not up for your silly game," he warned.

A smile tugged my lips. "Why are you bringing Luca into this? I want to get married to you and become Luna. It is time I start performing my duty as a Luna. And also I need to assure you that I have gotten over Luca"

"You can assure me by other means, not marriage. You do not forget someone because you want to get married to them" he said.

"That is where you are mistaken dear husband, I am getting married to you because you are my mate and an Alpha. An Alpha needs his mate beside him at all times. Except you have someone else in mind?" I asked in a teasing tone.

He pinned me with his gaze "And what does that mean."

"You know what it means. Maybe you are in love with someone else, and you want to get married to that person," I said.

This way he would want to get married to me to prove me wrong. I would rub it in Bianca's face when I see her. 

"Fine but on one condition," he said.

I sucked in my breath. Why the hell was he giving me a condition? We were normally going to get married. What is the need for terms and conditions?

"We will get married in three days. That way, you don't get to change your mind," he said.

Confusion filled me. What the hell did he mean by three days? I can't plan a wedding in three days.

"What? Why three days? Who plans a wedding in three days? I have to invite my family and friends from another pack, I need a gown and decorations. Everything can't happen in three days" I reasoned.

"I have enough people to take care of that. Three days or no marriage till I decide"

I raised my eyebrows, he was trying to stop the marriage so that he would continue flirting around with his fake cousin. 

"Fine. I will visit my family tomorrow" I said.

His eyes widened in disbelief. "You agree to a three-day wedding?" He asked Uncertain filled his voice.

I nodded "Yes. Do well to tell Binca about it" I said and walked away before he could say anything.

The next morning came quicker than expected. Maybe because I spent half of the night turning around trying to find sleep and push Luca from my mind whose kisses still clouded my thoughts. I wondered how he would react to such news. Happy or sad. Well given the fact that he was getting married. I am sure we would be happy for one another.

By the time I woke up, Finn was gone. Maybe he went to tell Bianca that we would be getting married.

I rolled out of the bed. Washed my face and put on my yoga pants as I settled to begin my new morning routine. It would be entirely different from the one in the other pack.

After doing thirty minutes of yoga, I stood up, took my bath, dried my hair, applied my perfect makeup, and put on my blue trousers and blue handless top.

I walked toward the dining table expecting to see everyone except Finn and Binance but to my surprise, they were both seated there. He smiled at me as I said a gesture I found creepy.

Sooner than later the servants began to serve breakfast. We had bread, meat, and avocado with coffee.

We were in silence for a while before he broke it. 

"I have an announcement to make," he said and everyone stopped eating, dropping their cutlery. I followed suit.

A smile tugged my lips as I  waited for him to announce our engagement.

"The Attics Pack had called to inform us that there would be no wedding again," he said and fixed his gaze on me.

My jaw dropped at this revelation. Why would they cancel the wedding? I thought they wanted it. Could it be that Luca did not know about the wedding or what? Something had to be wrong somewhere.

"Lia, are you okay?" He asked with faked concern.

I nodded with a smile. "Were the reasons given?" I asked.

He shook his head. "No, but rumor has it that the groom was not aware of the wedding, and when he discovered. He called off the wedding," he said.

"That is bullshit how would the Luca call of a wedding like that. Does he know how much Jenny wants him? She would kill for him" Bianca said.

I raised my eyebrows as I looked at her. "For someone who claimed to be a visitor you seem acquainted with Luca's resurrected mate. Tell me, Binaca. Is there something I need to know?" I asked.

"I would tell you if it-" she began but Finn cut her off.

"With that being said, I would love to announce to you that Lia and I will be getting married," he informed, and the table fell silent.


0101
 
Lia pov

"What!" Binaca asked. She was the first to break the peaceful moment of silence.

She glared at Finn. "What did you just say?" She asked.

He swallowed hard as he stared at her. His eyes softened for a moment before he masked it with his usual wall face.

"You heard me. We would be getting married" he said.

"When was this decided?" She asked.

I gripped my knife restraining myself from stabbing her. In our pack, if you killed someone you would be killed. I am new here, so I don't know about the laws of this pack, but I am a Royal. The future Luna of this pack killing someone would not amount to death. 

I would ask Annabel later. I needed to know if I would be safe or if I should order one of the guards to do the job.

"Yesterday" he answered with finality in his voice and went back to his food. It was clear that he was uncomfortable and wanted this discussion to be over. But the bitch refused.

"Yesterday? Finn yesterday you were in the library with me and after that you went shopping then you came back looking for her. When did you make such a decision!?" She shouted.

I raised my eyebrows and turned to Finn who appeared to be stuck in his food. It was as if he did not know what to say. I thought he said he had a meeting. Wow, so visiting the library was tagged as a meeting.

"Finn! I am talking to you!" She shouted again. The servants widened their eyes in surprise.

This was becoming interesting. "Bianca" Finn's sister called in a pleading voice.

But she raised her hands in the air signaling her to stop talking. "Stay out of this, Finn, I am talking to you."

Finn took a shaky breath and dropped his cutlery. He turned to her with a glare.

"Firstly I do not appreciate you shouting at me. You are not my mate or my sister. You are a distant cousin who should know her boundaries. Secondly, when the decision was taken is none of your fucking business. We decided whether you live by it or you go back to the pack where you are coming from, and thirdly, this could be the first and last time you question me in front of everyone. And just so you know the marriage is happening in three days. If you can't bear to see me and my mate happy, you can get the hell out of the palace" he blurted.

Silence fell on the table again. Her eyes filled with tears. Finn focused on his food, avoiding her gaze.

"Three what?" She asked.

"I don't appreciate repeating myself," he answered curtly.

She excused herself and walked away leaving the table.

"I have delivered the message to Dean," he said after she left.

I nodded "Thank you. That was so thoughtful of you" I said with a smile. She said he was disappointed at my reaction and he did not show it.

The others continued eating, no one tried congratulating me, not even his sister. It was evident that they did not want me in the pack. His sister had been pretending all this while.

I stood up and walked away. My appetite had disappeared. I called Diana to follow me to my pack.

I had to see my son and see Benedicta's advice.

The drive to the pack was a silent one. Diana stole glances at me. She must have heard the news about this morning's quarrel from the servants. Nothing spreads faster than gossip.

Immediately we stopped at Benedicta's house. My heartbeat increased, and beads of sweat surrounded my head even though the air can was on.

"It would be okay, "Diana assured me as she gave my hand a light squeeze.

I nodded with a smile. To her, breaking the news to Benedicta would be the most disturbing thing, but I did not think so. The most disturbing event would be if Luca or Sabrina was there. They would immediately convince me out of the marriage plot.

I had been angry at Luca all night long only for me to hear that he never knew about the marriage and that he had called it off. It did not take a soothsayer to tell me that it had all been Jenny's plan and I had made a rash decision out of anger.

I smiled at her and told her to wait for me while I talked to her. She nodded with understanding.

I walked toward the house and knocked on the door. After knocking twice she opened.

"Lia! Is something wrong? Are you okay?" She asked with concern and filled her voice.

I nodded and closed the door behind her. "I came to see Merlin and to also tell you something important," I said.

She nodded and whipped her wet hand on her cloth. "Okay. Lexie took Merlin for check up and would soon be back" she said and gestured for me to sit down.

"If it is about Luca's wedding they have called it off. When I got the invitation I was so surprised. Unknowing to me. He did not know about it. He was unaware. I knew it, I knew Luca could not just get married to someone like that. He loves you" she said.

My heart sank deeper. How would she react if she heard about my wedding?

A bang on the door started us. She stood up and went to answer it while I sat down. The bang came again. Immediately, she opened the door, and my heart stopped beating. The familiar scent filled the air. I was sure he was the one.

"I heard Lia is here," he said and walked past her.

I bent my head in defeat. "Lia, tell me, is not true?" He asked, his voice filled with pain.

"What is not true?" Benedicta asked.

"Tell me it is not true!" He shouted but I remained silent. "Are you getting married to Finn?" He asked with a trembling voice.

I nodded, too sad to look at him.

0102

Lia's POV:


I couldn't bring myself to look him in the eye. Instead, I kept my gaze fixed on the floor, the silence stretching painfully between us. The air felt thick, and every second felt like a thousand tiny cuts slicing through my resolve.

"Lia," he murmured, his voice barely above a whisper, "you're actually doing this?"

My throat tightened. The words felt impossible, tangled up with every bit of anger and hurt that had brought me to this moment. I wanted to be strong. I wanted to look him in the eye and say it with conviction, but the truth was, my heart was rebelling. And I wasn't sure I had it in me to face him.

"Yes, Luca. I am."

Benedicta gasped softly behind me, her hand going to her mouth. She knew how much I had once loved Luca, how he had been my everything. But she also knew what I had endured-how his loyalty to me had faltered, how he'd left me in a darkness I had barely crawled out of.

Luca's face twisted with pain, his fists clenched at his sides. "So, this is revenge?" he asked. "You're marrying him to hurt me?"

I wanted to scream that it wasn't, that I had every right to seek my happiness. But my chest felt tight, emotions warring inside me. "It's not about you, Luca. It's about me moving forward. Finding my place and my purpose."

He took a step closer, his intense gaze locked onto mine. "And you think Finn is going to give you that? You think he's capable of loving you the way you deserve?"

I swallowed hard, feeling my defenses crumble. "He may not be perfect, but he respects me. He's willing to stand beside me, not leave me questioning every step of the way."

Luca's jaw tightened, his eyes flashing with anger and sorrow. "I made mistakes, Lia. I know that. But I never stopped loving you, not for a single day."

"Then why did you let Jenny's schemes come between us? Why didn't you fight for me?" My voice cracked, the hurt slipping out despite myself. I had tried to bury it, but here it was, surfacing in all its rawness.

He exhaled slowly, his shoulders dropping as the fire in his eyes softened. "I thought I was protecting you. I thought... keeping you away from the mess Jenny had created was for the best."

"And look where that left us," I replied, bitterness coloring my tone. "I was ready to fight for us, Luca. I was ready to stand by you, no matter what. But you left me out there, alone, with nothing but broken promises."

The room felt colder and quieter as if even the walls were absorbing our pain.

Benedicta cleared her throat, her voice was soft but steady. "Maybe it's best if we all take a moment. Clearly, there's a lot unresolved here."

But Luca didn't back down. He took another step forward, his gaze unwavering. "If you go through with this marriage, Lia, I won't be able to just watch from the sidelines. I'm telling you now-I won't give up."

My heart raced, a storm of emotions swirling within me. I wanted to hate him for everything he had put me through. I wanted to be strong and move forward with my life, just as I had decided. But his words-they stirred something I had buried, a glimmer of hope that maybe, just maybe, he still cared.

"I can't change what's already been decided," I whispered, though even I could hear the doubt in my own voice.

Luca's gaze softened. "It doesn't have to be this way, Lia. You don't have to marry him just to make a point. Come back to me, and we'll start over. We can fix this."

I took a shaky breath, torn between the past we'd shared and the uncertain future I was creating for myself. Part of me yearned to believe him, to give him one last chance. But the other part, the part that had been scarred and hurt, wasn't so quick to forgive.

Just then, the door swung open, and Finn strode in, his expression darkening the moment he saw Luca standing close to me. "What's going on here?" he demanded, his voice a low, dangerous rumble.

Luca straightened, meeting Finn's glare with equal intensity. "I was just having a conversation with Lia."

Finn's lips twisted into a sneer. "That's enough. Whatever you think you have with her, it's over. She's made her choice. She's marrying me."

Luca's eyes narrowed, defiance flaring within them. "I don't think you understand. Lia isn't some possession you can just claim. She has her own mind, and if she chooses to walk away from you, there's nothing you can do about it."

The tension between them grew, the two alphas practically vibrating with unspoken aggression. I could feel it in the air-the rivalry, the desire to prove themselves. But I wasn't some prize to be fought over. I was done being torn between them, a pawn in their power struggle.

"Enough," I said, my voice surprisingly calm despite the storm inside me. "Both of you, stop this."

They turned to look at me, each waiting for my next words, as if I held the power to end this feud once and for all.

"I made my choice," I continued. "Finn and I are getting married. It's not a decision I took lightly, and it's not one I'll change because of unresolved feelings or old wounds."

Finn's gaze softened as he reached out, gently taking my hand. "You heard her, Luca. It's time you accept it."

Luca's jaw clenched, his eyes filled with unshed pain. For a moment, I saw the vulnerability in him-the boy I had once fallen in love with, the boy who had once been my everything. But that boy was gone, replaced by a man who had let me down one too many times.

He took a step back, nodding slightly. "If this is really what you want, Lia then I'll respect your decision." His voice was barely a whisper, and I knew that surrender had cost him more than he wanted to admit.

As he turned to leave, a part of me wanted to call out, to stop him. But I didn't. I couldn't. This was the choice I had made, and I had to see it through, even if it meant letting go of the past we had once shared.

The door closed behind him, and the silence that followed was heavy and suffocating. I glanced at Finn, who gave me a reassuring smile, but it did little to ease the ache in my heart. I had chosen a path, one that would lead me away from the man I had once loved. But at that moment, a part of me wondered if I had truly made the right choice.


0103

Lia's POV 

The drive back to Finn's pack was tense and silent. Every bump on the road felt like a reminder of the conversation I'd had with Luca. The look in his eyes haunted me, as did the uncertainty that still clawed at my heart. Yet, here I was, making this choice. Choosing Finn.

As the car pulled up to the grand stone entrance of Finn's estate, I took a deep breath, steadying myself. We stepped out of the car, and before I could fully gather my thoughts, I turned to Finn, unable to contain my frustration.

"Why did you follow me?" I asked the edge in my voice surprising even me. "I don't remember telling you to tail me."

Finn raised an eyebrow, his expression hardening as he looked at me. "I have to know you're serious about this, Lia. I'm not about to let myself get played." His tone was calm but firm, his words hitting a nerve.

I folded my arms, narrowing my gaze at him. "You think I'm playing games?" I shot back, feeling a mix of indignation and something else-something more vulnerable, though I'd never admit it. "If I didn't want this, I wouldn't be here. I wouldn't be doing any of this."

He sighed, the tension on his face momentarily easing. "Maybe. But I need to be sure. And you haven't exactly made that easy."

Just as the words left his mouth, I caught a movement out of the corner of my eye. Myles was standing by the main entrance, watching us with a curious yet unreadable expression. I could only imagine what he thought, witnessing us throwing daggers at each other with our eyes. I glanced upward and saw Finn's sister standing on the balcony, her gaze piercing and calculating as she watched the exchange between Finn and me. A chill ran through me, though I couldn't tell if it was from the cool evening air or something else entirely.

Finn's voice brought me back. "I need to be certain, Lia," he said, his tone softer now. "I can't afford to get this wrong. Not again."

I looked away, staring at the grand archway that led into the house. The doubts I'd buried were surfacing, threatening to pull me under. He didn't trust me-not completely, anyway. And why would he? Our whole situation was built on fragile ground, held together by decisions I couldn't quite understand myself.

"Fine," I replied, exhaling slowly. "But maybe next time, don't sneak around and follow me. If you want to know something, ask." I hesitated, my gaze hardening as I met his eyes again. "And while we're on the subject, going to the library with your cousin? That's suspicious. Maybe next time I'd like to tag along."

Finn's face went blank, and he didn't respond. He just held my gaze, his expression as unreadable as ever. After a long, tense silence, he simply turned and walked away, leaving me standing there, the unspoken words between us feeling heavier than ever.

I watched him go, feeling a strange emptiness settle over me. The desire to trust him, to believe in the life I was trying to build here, clashed with the nagging voice in the back of my mind that reminded me of everything we'd both been through. We were bound by necessity, by choices that had already been made, but was that enough?

As I walked into the house, my gaze drifted around the hall, its grand yet cold beauty somehow mirroring the unease within me. The ache in my heart grew sharper as I thought of my son, the one person who had given my life meaning through all the chaos. Being here, trapped in this confusing situation, away from him-it was more painful than I'd imagined.

I forced myself to hold my head high as I moved through the house, even though I was painfully aware of the eyes following me, the silent judgment from Finn's family, his pack, even from Myles and his sister. To them, I was an outsider. A stranger with questionable motives.

And yet, I'd made my choice. I'd decided to be here, and tomorrow tomorrow I would make sure I saw my son, no matter what it took.

Later that evening, as I wandered through the vast, empty halls, I found myself drawn to the small parlor at the end of the corridor. The room was quiet and dimly lit, the flickering light of a single candle casting soft shadows on the walls. I sank into the armchair by the window, allowing myself a moment to breathe, to feel the emotions I'd been bottling up all day.

I closed my eyes, imagining my son's face, his laughter, the warmth of his tiny hands in mine. My chest tightened, a tear slipping down my cheek before I could stop it. I'd missed him more than I could bear, and being here, in this unfamiliar place, made that ache all the more unbearable.

The soft click of a door opening made me look up, and I quickly brushed away the tear. Finn's sister entered, her expression unreadable as she took a few steps into the room.

"Lia, isn't it?" she asked, her voice cool, yet oddly polite.

I nodded, studying her carefully. She was beautiful, her features sharp and elegant, with the same piercing eyes as her brother. I could tell she was assessing me, and I met her gaze steadily, refusing to show any hint of vulnerability.

"Welcome," she said after a pause. "I suppose I should officially greet you, seeing as you're Finn's guest." The way she said it, with a slight hint of hesitation, made me realize she wasn't quite sure how to define my presence here.

"Thank you," I replied, keeping my voice steady. "I appreciate it."

She offered a small, almost reluctant smile. "I hope you find your time here worthwhile," she said, her words carefully chosen. "Our family isn't accustomed to outsiders, as I'm sure you've noticed. It takes time to build trust."

I nodded, understanding the unspoken message. She was warning me, in her own way, to tread carefully, to be mindful of the delicate balance in this place.

"I understand," I said quietly, meeting her gaze with as much confidence as I could muster. "I'm not here to disrupt anything. I just want to build a life, a place for myself and" My voice trailed off as I hesitated, not wanting to reveal too much.

She seemed to notice, her eyes softening slightly. "Your son," she murmured, her tone surprisingly gentle. "I can only imagine how hard it must be to be away from him."

The kindness in her words took me off guard, and for a moment, I felt a flicker of hope that maybe, just maybe, there was someone in this place who understood, who might support me.

"Yes," I whispered, unable to hold back the emotion in my voice. "It's it's difficult."

She nodded, a hint of sympathy in her gaze. "Well, if there's anything you need, don't hesitate to ask. And good luck, Lia." With that, she turned and walked out of the room, leaving me alone once more.

I stared at the closed door, her words echoing in my mind. "Good luck, Lia." The warmth in her tone had been unexpected, a rare kindness in this cold, unfamiliar world. Maybe, against all odds, I'd find a way to belong here. Maybe, in time, I'd be able to carve out a place where I could feel safe, where I could be myself.

And tomorrow tomorrow, I would see my son.



104


Bianca's POV

I took a deep breath as I stood outside Jenny's door, the soft sound of muffled sobs reaching my ears. My chest tightened. Jenny didn't cry often. She was the strong one, the one who would always find something sarcastic to say even in the darkest times. But now, hearing her like this, it was as though a cold hand had wrapped around my heart. I pushed the door open gently.

The sight of her sitting on the edge of her bed, hair falling in wild waves around her face, eyes puffy and red, made my stomach churn. She didn't even look up when I walked in, just kept staring down at her hands clenched in her lap. It was like the life had been drained out of her.

"Jenny?" I said softly, crossing the room to sit beside her. The mattress dipped under my weight, and she finally turned her head, eyes brimming with fresh tears.

"You know, don't you?" she whispered, her voice hoarse and broken.

I nodded slowly. "Yeah. Luca rejected the marriage."

The silence that followed was thick, both of us lost in the implications of those words. Jenny took a shuddering breath and wiped at her face, but it did nothing to hide the anguish etched into her features.

"Why would he do that?" she asked, her voice cracking. "What reason could he possibly have, Bianca?"

I reached out and took her trembling hand in mine. The warmth of her palm felt fragile like it could shatter at any moment. "I don't know, Jenny. But we have to find out. There's something we're not seeing here."

She nodded slowly as if each movement took all the energy she had left. Her gaze shifted, searching my face for reassurance, for some sort of stability to cling to.

"I can't stop thinking about everything we've been through," she muttered. "I thought we knew where we stood with him, that all of this had a reason." She let out a bitter laugh, almost a bark. "Turns out I was wrong."

"I wish I could say you weren't," I whispered. The frustration in me bubbled up, pushing against my chest. I needed to tell her the rest, the thing that had been gnawing at me ever since I heard. "And there's something else."

She frowned, a glimmer of worry flashing in her eyes. "What?"

"Finn and Lia," I said, my throat tightening around the words. "They're getting married."

Jenny's eyes widened in shock, the pain momentarily eclipsed by surprise. She shook her head as if trying to make sense of it. "What? Finn and Lia? How-when did this happen?"

"I don't know," I admitted, feeling my own disbelief knotting with anger. "But it's real. I can't believe it either, Jenny. It feels like everything's spiraling out of control."

She leaned back, pressing her palms to her eyes. "We can't just let this happen," she said, her voice gaining a thread of strength. "We have to do something about it."

A determined silence settled over the room. The quiet between us now felt different, heavier with a shared purpose. Jenny dropped her hands from her face and grabbed her phone from the nightstand. I watched as she swiped through her contacts, her fingers moving with new resolve.

"I need to talk to Luca," she said firmly, meeting my gaze. "Face to face."

I nodded. "We both need answers."

With a shaky exhale, Jenny pressed the call button. The phone rang, each chime stretching out like a drumbeat, echoing the thump of my own heart. When his voice came through, muffled but clear, she sat up straighter.

"Luca, we need to meet," she said, the command in her voice belying the tears that still wet her cheeks. There was a pause as she listened to his response, and I strained to catch the tone of his voice, but it was impossible to tell from her expression.

"Tonight. It can't wait," she continued. Another pause. Finally, her shoulders sagged slightly, a small nod signaling his agreement. "Okay. I'll see you then."

She hung up and dropped the phone onto the bed with a soft thud. For a moment, neither of us said anything, the room steeped in tension, as if holding its breath.

"He agreed?" I asked, my voice hushed, afraid of breaking the thin veil of calm she'd managed to weave around herself.

"Yes," Jenny confirmed, wiping her eyes one last time. "We're meeting tonight."

I reached over, squeezing her hand once more, a silent vow. Whatever came next, we would face it together.

___

Luca's POV 


The soft creak of the front door pulled my attention away from the window, where the last hints of dusk painted the sky in streaks of purple and orange. Lexie walked in first, her expression cheerful as always, followed by Merlin, who was already mid-sentence, eyes wide with excitement.

"and then the doctor said I couldn't believe it, but there was a whole room full of sunflowers! Can you imagine, right in the middle of the hospital!" Merlin's voice carried through the room, filled with the kind of wonder only he could muster.

I couldn't help but smirk. Merlin always found a way to see the world through a kaleidoscope of curiosity, even in places like hospitals where people were more likely to notice beeping monitors than wildflowers.

Benedicta, sitting in the armchair with a book balanced on her knee, looked up with a warm smile that faltered when her gaze landed on me. Her eyes narrowed slightly, not in suspicion but in that knowing way of hers. I barely had time to wonder what she'd say before she spoke.

"Who called, Luca?" she asked, voice laced with the sort of concern that left no room for evasion.

"It was Jenny," I replied, exhaling slowly. "She wants to meet tonight."

A beat of silence followed the air in the room tightening like a coiled spring. Merlin's chatter had stopped, and even Lexie glanced between us with a frown, the weight of unspoken questions pressing down on everyone.

Benedicta set her book aside and leaned forward. "Be careful, Luca," she said, her tone serious, her eyes searching mine for a hint of reassurance. "Don't do anything reckless, anything that might hurt you. And remember Lia."

I swallowed hard at the mention of her name, the invisible line I'd been straddling for weeks suddenly sharp and glaring. I gave a small nod. "I know. I'll be careful."

But the words felt hollow as if uttered from behind a mask. Guilt twisted inside me, a constant companion these days. I pushed it down and forced myself to stand, reaching for my keys on the table. The metallic clink cut through the silence.

"I won't be long," I said, aiming for a confidence I didn't quite feel. Merlin's gaze followed me, brows drawn together like he wanted to ask more questions, but even he stayed silent.

Benedicta's eyes stayed on me as I turned to leave, their warmth underlined by an edge of worry that I carried with me out the door. The cool evening air bit at my skin, the quiet of the street offering no comfort. I climbed into the car, the driver's seat as familiar as my own shadow, but tonight it felt different-like a threshold I was crossing into something uncertain.

I started the engine, the low rumble settling into my bones as I gripped the wheel tighter. The faint scent of Lia's perfume lingered in the fabric of the seat, a bittersweet reminder. I clenched my jaw, pushing the thought away. Tonight wasn't about Lia or the promises I'd made that felt like knots around my chest. Tonight was about facing Jenny, facing whatever she knew, and hoping I could find a way to navigate through this without sinking deeper.

The road stretched ahead, illuminated by the glow of the streetlamps and the soft wash of headlights passing by. I took a deep breath, feeling the miles spool out beneath me, each one carrying me closer to answers I wasn't sure I wanted but knew I couldn't avoid.

Benedicta's parting words echoed in my mind as I drove: Don't do anything harmful, Luca. Remember Lia.

But the question that kept circling back was simple and sharp-what if facing the truth was already a kind of harm, one that no precaution could prevent?



105

Lia's POV

The room felt too small, too suffocating. I paced back and forth, the rhythm of my steps doing nothing to soothe the chaos in my mind. The ticking of the clock on my desk seemed louder than usual, its sharp ticks matching the pounding of my heart. Just as I was about to circle around for the hundredth time, the door creaked open, and Finn stepped inside, his presence filling the room with an air of quiet intensity.

"Lia?" His voice was gentle but probing. "What's wrong?"

I turned to face him, forcing a smile that felt more like a grimace. "It's nothing."

Finn's eyebrows shot up, and he folded his arms across his chest. He was always perceptive, too perceptive for his own good. His green eyes searched my face, looking for cracks in the façade I worked so hard to maintain.

"Really?" he said, a hint of disbelief lacing his words. "Because you've been pacing for the last hour like you're trying to wear a path into the floor."

I let out a breathless laugh. It was easier to deflect, to mask the discomfort swirling inside me. "It's just nerves, I suppose."

He leaned against the doorframe, his expression softening. "I still don't get it, you know. Why do you suddenly want to marry me." He hesitated as if measuring his next words. "But if it's what you want, then it's cool."

I laughed again, the sound sharper than I intended. The tension between us was palpable, but there was also an absurdity to it that I couldn't ignore. "And I don't understand why your so-called cousin Bianca got so angry when she found out we were getting married."

Finn flinched at the mention of Bianca, and I caught the subtle twitch in his jaw before he smoothed it out. He shifted uncomfortably, unable to meet my gaze. My smile widened, a predatory satisfaction creeping into my expression. He was nervous. Interesting.

"Are you going to tell me why she's so upset?" I asked, tilting my head as if I were genuinely curious. "Because I'd love to know."

He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing. "It's... complicated," he muttered, the word barely audible. His fingers fidgeted at his sides, a rare crack in his usually composed demeanor.

"Complicated," I repeated, savoring the weight of the word. "Well, that makes me even more interested. You know, I'd love to join you and Bianca next time you go to the library. I think it could be... enlightening."

Finn's eyes met mine for a fraction of a second, wide with surprise before he dropped them again. The room seemed to hold its breath, the air between us charged with silent tension. Without another word, he turned on his heel and left the room, closing the door behind him with a soft click.

I watched him go, a chuckle slipping from my lips as soon as I was alone. This was getting more intriguing by the second.


---

Luca's POV

The streetlights cast long, pale shadows as I stood by my car, the night air biting into my skin. I stuffed my hands into my pockets, watching as Jenny's car pulled up a few feet away. She stepped out, her heels clicking against the asphalt with a sharp, resolute rhythm. Even in the dim light, I could see the determined set of her jaw and the way her eyes flashed as she walked toward me.

"Luca," she said, stopping a few feet away. Her voice was firm, a demand masked as a greeting. "Why did you reject the wedding?"

I looked at her, the weight of the question pressing on my chest. How could I explain what I barely understood myself? "Because you didn't get my consent first," I said, my voice even. It was a partial truth, one I hoped would be enough to stop this conversation from spiraling out of control.

Her eyes narrowed, a spark of frustration flickering within them. "Well, now you know," she said, crossing her arms over her chest. "So, the wedding must push through. There's no reason to delay it."

I shook my head slowly, the chill of the night seeping into my bones. "No, Jenny. It can't happen."

A silence fell between us, heavy and suffocating. She tilted her head, a faint sneer curling at the edge of her lips. "Do you have someone else in mind?" she asked, her voice laced with mock amusement, as though daring me to confirm her suspicions.

I hesitated, the question slicing through the layers of my resolve. The truth teetered on the edge of my tongue, dangerous and exposed. After a beat, I spoke, my voice low but clear. "Yes. And you know who it is, so stop pretending, Jenny."

Her eyes widened, the mask of control slipping for just an instant before she composed herself again. She opened her mouth, ready to lash back, but I didn't give her the chance. I turned and walked away, the echoes of her stunned silence trailing behind me.

The drive back to Benedicta's house was a blur, the darkened streets folding into one another as I replayed the conversation with Jenny in my head. The tension in her voice, the flicker of recognition when I'd said those words-I could still feel it, like an aftershock. But now, more than anything, a singular, fierce determination thrummed through me.

I parked in front of Benedicta's house and killed the engine, the silence heavy in the wake of the car's soft hum. The porch light was on, casting a warm glow against the night. I stepped out, feeling the gravel crunch beneath my feet, and walked up the steps. Before I could knock, the door opened, revealing Benedicta, her sharp eyes reading my expression in an instant.

"How did it go?" she asked, her voice calm, yet holding an edge of worry.

I stepped inside, the familiar scent of lavender and old books enveloping me. I ran a hand through my hair, the weight of the evening pressing on my shoulders. "It's done. Jenny knows the wedding isn't happening."

She arched an eyebrow, closing the door behind me. "And what did she say?"

"She tried to push for it, told me it had to go on, but I told her no." My voice was firmer than I expected, and I took a deep breath. "Then she asked if there was someone else."

Benedicta's gaze softened, the faintest hint of a smile playing on her lips. "And what did you tell her?"

"I told her the truth. That there is someone else. Someone she knows."

Her eyes searched mine for a moment, and then she nodded as if she had expected nothing less. "You did what you had to do, Luca. But now what?"

"I need to see Lia," I said, the name falling from my lips with a mix of urgency and longing. "I can't let her marry Finn. I won't. I love her, Benedicta. And I'm going to fight for her."

Benedicta's smile grew, sad but proud. She reached out, placing a hand on my arm. "Then go to her. Don't let fear or doubts hold you back. If you're going to fight, fight with everything you have."

I nodded, the tightness in my chest easing slightly at her words. But the road ahead was still uncertain, and I knew this battle would be more complicated than just confronting Lia. It was the weight of unspoken truths, tangled loyalties, and the delicate balance we'd all been trying to maintain for too long.

But none of that mattered now. What mattered was her, and the chance to tell her everything-to make her see that she wasn't just someone I wanted; she was the only one.

Turning back toward the door, I took another deep breath, steeling myself. The night was far from over, but for the first time in what felt like ages, I knew exactly what I had to do.



106

Bianca's POV

The dim light in my room cast shadows on the walls, dark reflections of the thoughts swirling inside me. I paced back and forth, each step only fueling the anger that had settled deep in my chest since I'd learned of Finn and Lia's sudden engagement. The words felt hollow even as I repeated them in my mind, trying to make sense of it all. How could Finn not see this marriage as a trap, a way for others to pull his strings? He was playing right into their hands.

A sharp knock echoed through my room, cutting through the silence and pulling me out of my thoughts. I took a deep breath and opened the door, finding myself face to face with Finn, his expression unreadable.

"Bianca," he said softly, his gaze steady but determined. "Can I come in?"

I hesitated, but then I stepped aside, nodding. He entered, and before I could even process the shift in the room, he locked the door behind him. The quiet click of the lock was a reminder of how far he was pushing me tonight, but I kept my face impassive.

"Look," Finn began, his tone carrying a dismissiveness that felt like a slap. "I know you're angry about the marriage, but it's happening. There's no point in fighting it."

My jaw tightened as I tried to rein in my temper. Without a word, I turned on my heel, walked to the door, and opened it, gesturing for him to leave. Finn watched me, disappointment flickering in his eyes, but he didn't try to argue. He simply stepped out, and the silence in the room felt heavier once he was gone.

He paused just outside, glancing over his shoulder. "Meet me at the library at eight. There's something we need to talk about."

I gave a slight nod, not trusting myself to speak. As he walked away, my fingers clenched around the doorknob, my anger simmering just below the surface. The nerve of him-to brush off my concerns as if they were nothing as if I were the one being unreasonable.

Moments later, another knock sounded on the door, and I steeled myself for another confrontation. But when I opened it, it was Jenny standing there, her face flushed and tense. She entered without waiting for an invitation, her eyes immediately locking onto mine.

"Well?" I asked, my voice cold. "What's the outcome of your talk with Luca?"

Jenny's mouth pressed into a thin line, and she shook her head, her expression hardening. "He won't marry me. And we both know why."

"Lia," I whispered, her name bitter on my tongue. Jenny's mouth twisted into a snarl, and a dark look passed between us. We didn't need to say it out loud; we both knew that Lia was the reason everything was falling apart. My mind began churning with possibilities, and I clenched my fists, trying to bring some semblance of control to the chaos inside.

"Don't worry," I said finally, my voice low and steady. "We'll figure something out. She can't ruin everything for us."


---

Luca's POV

The drive back to my house was longer than usual, each mile stretching on as I replayed my conversation with Jenny in my mind. Her defiance, her frustration-they had all been reminders of the stakes in this tangled mess. It was like being caught in a web where every decision seemed to pull someone deeper into the darkness.

When I finally pulled up to the house, I was greeted by the familiar scent of lavender drifting from the porch. I stepped inside, relishing the quiet, and made my way to the dimly lit living room. The stillness wrapped around me, comforting and foreboding at the same time.

I poured myself a drink, the glass feeling cool against my fingertips as I sat down on the couch. Silence filled the room, thick and heavy, as I stared at the amber liquid swirling in the glass. Thoughts of Lia crept in, vivid and painful. I took a long sip, hoping it would dull the ache, but it only seemed to sharpen it.

Lia's wedding to Finn felt like a ticking time bomb, one that would explode and take everything I cared about with it. I couldn't allow it to happen, not like this. Not when I knew deep down that she didn't love him-not the way she should love someone she was going to marry. There was something else, something that kept pulling her back, but I couldn't quite reach it.

I clenched the glass tighter, the cold pressing into my palm. There had to be a way out of this-a way to make her see that this marriage wasn't the answer. I could almost hear Benedicta's voice in my head, urging me to fight for her, to not let fear or doubt keep me from what mattered most.

But how? How could I stop her from going through with this when every move I made seemed to push her further away?

Images of Lia and Finn together flooded my mind, stirring a surge of anger and jealousy that I struggled to control. My mind flashed back to the last time I'd seen her, the look in her eyes when I'd tried to tell her how I felt. She'd been so closed off, so guarded. And I knew that if I let her slip away now, there would be no second chances.

I forced myself to take another drink, hoping it would clear my head, but the thoughts kept coming, relentless and unforgiving.


Later that night my mind kept circling back to Lia's face, the way her eyes softened whenever she thought no one was watching, the quiet determination in her gaze when she was sure of something. And now, she was standing on the edge of a choice that could ruin everything. A choice that would bind her to someone she didn't truly want, all because of some sense of duty-or fear.

The frustration gnawed at me, eating away at my resolve. I couldn't let her go through with it. She deserved a life filled with love and passion, not one dictated by family alliances and obligations. But how could I make her see that?

The walls felt like they were closing in, and the silence only amplified the turmoil inside me. My hand hovered over my phone, the temptation to call her almost overwhelming. But I knew that showing up unannounced, demanding she reconsider, would only push her further away.

I had to be patient, but patience had never felt more impossible.



107

Bianca's POV

After Finn had left, I sat alone in the dark, staring into the quiet night outside my window. Every fiber of my being screamed that this wasn't over-that I couldn't let it be over. Finn might think he was in control, but I could see the truth: he was slipping through my fingers, drawn to Lia in ways he didn't even understand.

A dark plan began to take shape in my mind, forming slowly, taking root in the anger and resentment festering inside me. If Lia was going to stand between me and the life I deserved, then I would make sure she paid the price.

I picked up my phone, dialing a familiar number. The line rang once, twice, before a gruff voice answered on the other end.

"I need a favor," I said, my tone laced with cold determination. "And this time, it's non-negotiable."

There was a pause, then a low chuckle. "I thought you'd come around. What do you need?"

"Lia. I need you to make her rethink her choices."

The man laughed again, a sound that sent a chill down my spine, even though I'd heard it countless times before. "Consider it done."

As I hung up the phone, a twisted sense of satisfaction filled me. I knew the road ahead was dangerous, that there was no turning back from the path I'd chosen. But I didn't care. If Lia wanted to ruin my life, I would make sure she suffered just as much-if not more.


---

I sat there for a few moments longer, the silence of the room pressing in on me. My fingers hovered over the phone again, hesitating. There was one more thing I needed to do-another person I needed to talk to.

I scrolled through my contacts, stopping at the number I was looking for. Her name flashed on the screen, and I took a deep breath before dialing. The phone rang a few times before she picked up.

"Bianca?" she said, her voice a mix of curiosity and wariness. "What's going on?"

"Meet me at The Orchid Café in thirty minutes," I replied, my tone flat, businesslike. "I have something important to discuss."

"I'll be there," she said, the line clicking off without another word.

I didn't wait for anything else. I stood up, pacing the room as the minutes passed by, my mind racing. This wasn't just about Finn anymore-it was about removing any obstacle that stood between me and the life I'd always wanted. Lia had to be eliminated from the equation.

The Orchid Café wasn't far from my place. It was quiet and discreet-a perfect location for what I needed to discuss. I grabbed my jacket and quickly left the house, the weight of my plan settling heavily in my chest.


---

At the café, the dim lights and the warm aroma of coffee greeted me as I entered. I scanned the room and found her waiting at a corner table. Ava. The one person who could make things happen when you needed something messy to be cleaned up. Her dark hair framed her sharp features, and her eyes narrowed slightly as I approached.

"Bianca," she said, her voice tinged with caution as I sat down across from her. "What's this about? You know I don't like surprises."

"I know," I said, leaning forward, my voice low. "And this time, I need you to do something for me. Something... drastic."

Her eyes locked on mine. She was a woman of few words, but when she spoke, her words carried weight. "I'm listening."

I felt the intensity of her gaze, and for a moment, I was reminded of why I always went to her for things like this. Ava had a way of reading people, knowing their deepest fears and desires, and using that to her advantage. She didn't need to be told twice-she could read between the lines.

"I need you to get rid of someone," I said, barely above a whisper, but the words cut through the air like a knife. "Her name's Lia. She's... in the way."

Ava didn't flinch. She merely raised an eyebrow, folding her arms across her chest. "In the way of what?"

"In the way of my future. In the way of everything I've worked for." I leaned in, my hands gripping the edge of the table. "I can't have her around anymore. Finn... he's blinded by her. He doesn't see it, but she's trying to steal everything from me. And I need her gone."

Ava's eyes darkened slightly, and she nodded slowly. "What do you want me to do?"

"I need you to pretend to be an event planner. I want you to get close to her. Organize some... kind of event, anything to get her out of her comfort zone. Make her trust you. And once you've done that" I paused, my heart beating faster as I pictured it. "You can do whatever you want."

Ava's lips curled into a slight smirk, and there was a cold edge to her voice when she responded. "I like how you think, Bianca."

I leaned back in my chair, feeling the weight of the plan settle in my bones. "You're the best at what you do, Ava. And once Lia's out of the picture, Finn won't have anyone to turn to. He'll have no choice but to come back to me. Everything will fall into place."

Ava gave me a look that made it clear she was already formulating her next steps. "Don't worry. It'll be done."

I felt a small shiver run down my spine, but it wasn't fear-it was exhilaration. The pieces of the puzzle were starting to fall into place, and I wasn't about to stop now. Lia wouldn't know what hit her.


---

We sat in silence for a moment longer before Ava stood, her movements sharp and purposeful. "I'll contact you once it's taken care of. You'll be the first to know."

I nodded, watching her walk away, feeling a twisted satisfaction bloom within me. I had all the pieces I needed now. There was no stopping me. No turning back.

As I left the café, the night air felt colder, but I couldn't shake the feeling of anticipation that buzzed in my veins. The game was just beginning. And this time, I would be the one to win.



108

Luca's POV 

The minutes ticked by, each one pulling me closer to a decision I knew I could never take back. My heart pounded as I sat there, gripping the edges of the armchair in Benedicta's living room. I'd been over it all a hundred times in my head, weighing every word I might say, every possible outcome. But as the minutes passed, it became clear that thinking wasn't going to get me anywhere. It was time to act.

With a surge of determination, I finally stood up, grabbing my keys from the table. I didn't know exactly what I'd say, or how I'd stop this wedding, but I knew I had to try. There was no way I could sit back and let Lia marry Finn. Not when I was ready to lay everything on the line for her.

As I opened the door, the cool night air hit my face, and for a moment, it was like a shot of clarity. I could feel a path opening in front of me, even if it was narrow and uncertain. I was done waiting, done standing on the sidelines. I would fight for Lia with everything I had-even if it meant crossing lines I never thought I would.

The drive to Finn's territory felt longer than it had any right to. Each mile seemed to stretch, each turn tightening the knot in my chest. The sky was pitch black, with only the faint glow of streetlights here and there, illuminating the road just enough to guide my way. Finally, I pulled up to the gate of Finn's pack, the tall iron bars casting long, ominous shadows across the ground. I parked, feeling the weight of everything I wanted to say pressing down on me.

I stepped out of the car and closed the door quietly, hoping not to draw any immediate attention. For a brief second, I just stood there, gathering my thoughts. Then, reaching into my pocket, I pulled out my phone and scrolled through my contacts until Lia's name appeared on the screen. I took a deep breath and hit the call button, holding the phone to my ear as it rang.

Each ring felt like an eternity, my pulse thudding in sync with the sound. Just as I thought it might go to voicemail, Lia picked up.

"Luca?" Her voice was soft and cautious, as if she already sensed something was wrong.

"Lia," I said, struggling to keep my voice steady. "I'm at the gate. Please, come out. I need to talk to you."

She hesitated, and I could almost feel her glance around, torn between my request and the boundaries she now had to respect. "Luca, I can't. You know it's it's not right for you to be here."

Before I could respond, I noticed movement in the distance. Two guards and a sentinel were making their way toward me, their steps purposeful and their expressions stern. They must have noticed my car and come to check. My grip tightened on the phone.

"Lia, please," I said urgently, watching the guards approach. "I'm not here to cause trouble. Just come out for a minute."

"Luca," she whispered, her tone strained, "you need to go. If they see you here, it'll only make things worse."

The guards were close now, one of them motioning for me to leave. "Sir, you're not authorized to be here," the guard said firmly, crossing his arms as he blocked my view of the gate. "This is private territory. You need to leave immediately."

I could still hear Lia on the other end of the line, breathing softly, hesitating. I turned away from the guards, lowering my voice. "Lia, listen to me. I put a stop to my wedding with Jenny. I couldn't go through with it, not when not when you're all I think about."

She was silent, and I could feel the weight of her thoughts as if they were my own.

"So, please," I continued, desperation creeping into my voice. "Do the same, Lia. Don't marry Finn. If you're doing this because you thought I was going to be with Jenny, then then don't. Let's stop this before it's too late."

There was a long pause, and then I heard her sigh, a sad, resigned sound. "Luca, I can't just stop everything now. This is about more than you and me. Finn it would be humiliating for him if I backed out now."

My chest tightened at her words. "Humiliating for him? What about us, Lia? Doesn't that matter to you?"

"It does," she said quietly. "But I went through with this because I thought you'd already made your choice. You can't blame me for that. You can't show up here now and ask me to ruin everything I set in motion."

I felt a sharp, hollow ache in my chest. "So that's it?" I asked, barely able to keep the hurt from my voice. "You'd rather protect him than take a chance on us?"

"Luca, please understand," she said, her voice breaking. "It's not as simple as that. I have to go."

"Lia-" I started, but she'd already hung up. The line went dead, and I was left standing there, the silence pressing down on me like a weight.

I lowered the phone from my ear, staring at it in disbelief. My hands were shaking with frustration, with anger, with every emotion I'd tried to keep buried for too long. Before I even realized what I was doing, I hurled the phone onto the ground, watching as it shattered into pieces, the small fragments scattering across the pavement.

The guards were still watching me, wary but silent. I didn't care. Without another word, I turned, got back into my car, and slammed the door shut. My heart felt like it was being squeezed, a pain I hadn't expected searing through my chest.

As I drove away from Finn's territory, the night felt darker and colder, and I realized that, for the first time, I had no idea where to go from there. I'd put everything on the line and left myself vulnerable, only to have her turn away, unwilling to take the same risk.

But as painful as it was, one thing became clear at that moment: I wasn't giving up on Lia. Not yet. Not while there was still a chance to make her see what we could be together.



109

Lia's POV

I woke up feeling as though a weight had settled on my chest. The conversation with Luca from the night before replayed in my mind like a haunting melody, filling me with an ache I couldn't shake. He'd asked me to call off the wedding and pleaded with me to see the future we could have together. And yet, I hadn't been able to agree, the idea of humiliating Finn and unraveling everything I'd promised myself pushing back against everything Luca had said.

I sighed, pushing away the lingering sadness as I dressed. My heart felt heavy, but I couldn't let it show. Not today. Finn and his family expected me to play my role, to be the poised fiancée, and I couldn't afford to slip. After fixing my hair and straightening my clothes, I took one last look in the mirror, steeling myself, and headed downstairs.

When I entered the dining room, I saw that everyone else was already seated. Bianca sat to Finn's left, her dark eyes narrowing as they landed on me. Next to her, Finn's sister, Alina, held an equally icy expression. I swallowed, forcing myself to look past the silent hostility in their glares. Whatever issues they had with me, I couldn't let it unsettle me now.

As I approached, Finn stood up, smiling warmly. "Lia," he greeted, pulling out a chair beside him. I sat down, offering him a polite smile as he leaned in and pressed a light kiss to my cheek. The gesture, though gentle, felt hollow, as if he were reminding the others of our bond more than sharing a real moment between us. I could almost feel Bianca's glare intensify from across the table.

The maid appeared, laying plates in front of us. The scent of fresh herbs and roasted vegetables filled the room, but I had no appetite. I glanced at Bianca and caught the sneer still lingering on her face, a silent reminder of the invisible wall that had grown between us.

Turning to Finn, I cleared my throat and spoke with a calmness I barely felt. "Finn, I've arranged to meet with an event planner today to discuss some ideas for the wedding. Since Bianca isn't very occupied around the house, I thought it would be nice for her to join me. She could help me pick out a design and theme for the ceremony."

Finn's face lit up with approval. "That's a great idea, Lia. I'm sure Bianca would be happy to lend a hand."

For a fleeting moment, I felt a sliver of satisfaction as I looked at Bianca. Her eyes widened in shock, her mouth opening as if she wanted to protest, but she quickly closed it, casting a look of veiled resentment my way instead. She nodded, though it was clear she didn't want to agree.

"Of course," she said coolly, barely hiding the displeasure in her tone. "I'd be honored."

The table fell into silence as the maids served our plates, and I focused on the food in front of me, picking at it more than actually eating. Finn reached over, his hand resting gently on mine, his smile kind but slightly oblivious to the tension that crackled in the room. It felt surreal, pretending as though things were perfect when, deep down, I knew nothing could be further from the truth.

Just then, the door creaked open, and one of the sentinels stepped in, his gaze moving respectfully between us. He held something in his hand, his expression cautious as he approached the table.

"Sir," he addressed Finn, holding out a small object. "We found this phone just outside the main gate, lying on the ground."

Immediately, my heart skipped a beat as I recognized the scuffed casing and faint crack on the screen. Luca's phone.

I held my breath, trying to keep my face neutral, but a flicker of panic gripped me. Finn noticed my reaction, his brow furrowing slightly as he looked down at the phone in the sentinel's hand.

"Did you see who left it?" Finn asked his tone a blend of curiosity and concern.

The sentinel shook his head. "No, sir. We found it on our morning patrol. It didn't belong to anyone on our team."

Finn's expression grew thoughtful, and he nodded, accepting the phone from the sentinel. "Check the CCTV footage from last night," he instructed, holding the phone carefully. "And look through the contacts or any identifying information. Let's find out who this belongs to."

The sentinel gave a quick nod. "Right away, sir," he said, taking the phone back and excusing himself from the room.

I forced myself to look away, breathing carefully as I felt Finn's gaze shift to me. He looked as though he was about to say something, but his focus was soon diverted by Bianca, who leaned forward, a knowing smirk tugging at the corner of her lips.

"Isn't it strange, Finn?" she mused. "We never have unexpected visitors here. I wonder what sort of person would come all this way just to leave their phone at the gate."

I clenched my fists under the table, keeping my expression calm as I glanced at Finn. He was frowning now, looking down at his plate, clearly considering her words. I knew Bianca had her suspicions, and now, with Luca's phone in the guards' possession, she was all too eager to stir trouble.

But I couldn't let her. Not now.

"Probably just a mistake," I said lightly, forcing a small smile. "You know how careless people can be with their phones. I'm sure it'll be easy enough to return once the guards have checked it out."

Finn looked at me for a moment, his eyes searching my face, and I held his gaze, hoping he wouldn't see past my calm facade. After a beat, he nodded, his expression relaxing as he squeezed my hand.

"Let's not worry about it," he said finally, looking around the table with a reassuring smile. "I'm sure it's nothing serious."

Bianca's smile faded as Finn moved on, his focus returning to the meal and the plans we had for the day. Though the unease in my chest remained, I relaxed slightly, relieved that for now, the topic was behind us.

As the meal continued, Bianca kept her gaze fixed on me, her frustration simmering beneath the surface. I'd have to tread carefully today, not just for myself but to ensure no one discovered what had really happened last night.

For now, all I could do was play my part and hope that Luca's presence at the gate would remain nothing more than a rumor.



110
Finn's POV

I walked into my office, eager for a moment of solitude to collect my thoughts. The events of the day were already enough to make my head spin-Lia's suggestion to bring Bianca along to the event planner and the strange phone found by the gate. I needed a moment to sort it all out in my mind.

But I'd barely had time to sit down when the door opened, and Bianca slipped inside, her eyes locked on me with a determined glint.

"Bianca," I said, exasperated, "I need to concentrate. I don't have time for interruptions right now. Can you please leave?"

But she didn't seem the least bit interested in listening. Instead, she walked up to me, her expression softening as she drew closer. She placed one hand on my face, her fingers trailing along my cheek in a way that was both familiar and unsettling. I opened my mouth to protest, but before I could, she leaned in, her lips hovering dangerously close to mine.

"Bianca," I said, my tone more forceful this time, though I was beginning to feel trapped by her insistence.

Just then, the door swung open, and Lia walked in. She paused, her expression flashing briefly with surprise, but she recovered quickly, her face shifting into calm neutrality. Her gaze darted between Bianca and me, her expression unreadable.

"Oh, Finn," she said, her tone as composed as ever. "I just wanted to let you know I'll be going out for a bit. I haven't finished inviting people for the wedding."

I nodded, grateful for the interruption and for her ability to mask whatever she'd seen. "All right," I replied. "Let me know if you need anything."

Without another word, she gave a brief nod and turned, leaving us alone again. The moment she was gone, Bianca dropped her hand from my face, her expression hardening.

"Don't you think it's odd?" she said, her voice low, her gaze narrowing toward the closed door. "I think Lia knows something about that phone found at the gate. We need to find out who it belongs to and why it's here. She's hiding something, Finn-I'm sure of it."

I turned away from her, already tired of her constant insinuations. "Bianca, don't start with this again," I said, my tone dismissive as I sank into my chair. "Lia isn't a suspect, and I trust her completely. She has nothing to hide."

For a moment, Bianca just stared at me, her eyes flashing with irritation and disbelief. "I can't believe you're so blind to what's happening right in front of you," she muttered, her voice laced with anger. "You're going to regret this."

Without waiting for a response, she spun on her heel and strode out of the office, slamming the door behind her. The echo of her exit lingered in the room, but I pushed it aside, focusing on the calm I desperately needed to maintain.

I took a steadying breath, but I couldn't shake the unsettling feeling that had crept in. As much as I trusted Lia, the timing of her unexpected visit and the appearance of that phone didn't sit right with me. Bianca's accusations were groundless, but I still needed to know if there was any truth lurking beneath her paranoia.

After a moment's hesitation, I picked up my phone and dialed a number, waiting for the call to connect. When a voice answered on the other end, I kept my tone low and measured.

"I need you to keep an eye on Lia," I said, my voice quiet but firm. "I want to know where she's going and who she meets. Report back with everything."

With that, I ended the call, hoping that whatever I found would confirm what I already knew: that Lia was trustworthy.

____

Lia's POV

A small smile spread across my face as I slipped into my car and started the engine. I hadn't left Finn's office door right away. Instead, I'd paused, leaning just close enough to listen to the exchange inside, my ear pressed against the heavy wood. What I heard had been worth it: Bianca's voice, tense and insistent, accusing me of hiding something about the phone found at the gate. Finn had defended me, dismissing her accusations and saying he trusted me completely.

It was gratifying to hear him stand by me, especially when Bianca's animosity was so obvious. But her suspicion was unnerving, as was her refusal to let it go. Now, I'd have to watch my steps even more carefully.

As I pulled out of the driveway and started toward Benedicta's house, I couldn't help but feel a sense of urgency. I needed to see Luca, to tell him what had happened, and to warn him about Bianca's suspicions. I picked up my phone and tried to dial his number, but each call only led to an automated message saying the line was unreachable. Frustration simmered as I hung up, gripping the steering wheel tighter.

Then, almost instinctively, my thoughts shifted to the phone found near the gate earlier that morning. A sick feeling crept over me as a realization hit: it had to be Luca's. The timing, his calls going straight to voicemail-it all fits too perfectly. He must have come to see me last night and lost his phone in the process. I could only imagine how he'd felt, being turned away without a word.

"Damn it!" I muttered, hitting the steering wheel in frustration. The unexpected force of my action made my car veer slightly off the road. I tried to correct it, but it was too late; the tires skidded and with a sudden jolt, my car collided with a pole, the impact sending a shudder through my bones.

"Ugh!" I groaned, bracing myself as the car finally came to a halt. My heart was racing, the shock of the crash vibrating through me. Thankfully, it hadn't been too severe, and after a moment, I managed to catch my breath.

Opening the door, I stepped out, brushing a stray lock of hair out of my face. Just as I examined the damage to the front bumper, I noticed another car pulling up behind me. The vehicle parked at an odd distance, far enough to seem cautious, yet close enough to keep me in sight. I watched, the hairs on the back of my neck prickling. This was no random passerby.

I'd seen that car parked outside Finn's estate before.

With a steadying breath, I squared my shoulders and walked toward the car. The driver, a tall, nondescript man in a dark jacket, rolled down his window, his expression blank as he looked at me. I raised an eyebrow, folding my arms as I regarded him coolly.

"You can stop pretending you're here by accident," I said, my voice calm but laced with authority. "We both know Finn sent you to follow me."

The man's expression didn't change, but I caught the slight twitch of his mouth, betraying his discomfort. "Ma'am, I'm not sure what you're talking about. I was just passing by."

"Right," I said, rolling my eyes. "Let's not waste time. If Finn wants updates on where I'm going, you can tell him yourself. And while you're at it, call him and let him know that his driver should come pick up my car. I don't have time to wait here."

The man hesitated, clearly torn between following orders and respecting my request. But I wasn't about to let him wriggle out of it.

"I'll make it simple," I continued, leaning in closer. "You can either make the call and tell Finn's driver to take care of the car, or you can let him know you lost track of me and deal with his reaction later. Your choice."

He swallowed, glancing away as if weighing his options. After a moment, he pulled out his phone, dialing a number while glancing at me from the corner of his eye.

I gave him a faint, satisfied smile, then turned on my heel and walked back to the road, leaving him to explain the situation to Finn.



111
Finn's POV

"What do you mean her car got damaged?" I barked into the phone, my voice echoing down the hall. I gripped the phone tighter, barely able to keep my frustration in check. The man on the other end was stammering through his words, and every second I had to wait felt like another jab of irritation.

"Sir Lia's car hit a pole," he finally managed. "She's fine, but, uh, she decided to leave in a taxi. She instructed me to call and have one of the drivers come to pick up her car."

I gritted my teeth, feeling a rush of anger pulsed through me. "So she just left? Without letting anyone know what happened?"

"Yes, sir," he replied, his voice timid. "She, um, seemed in a hurry and said she'd take care of things herself."

I was about to say more, but a voice floated in from down the hall, and I turned to see Alina, my sister, standing there, her arms crossed with a smirk already spreading across her face. I ended the call abruptly, not wanting her to hear any more than she already had.

"Oh, that is rich," Alina laughed, barely able to contain her amusement. "Your precious bride-to-be crashes her car and doesn't even bother to call you? And instead of you going to her, she just what, sends for a driver to clean up the mess?"

"Alina," I warned, already exhausted by her taunting.

She took a step closer, her laughter still simmering. "Is this really the woman you're planning to marry, Finn? I mean, if she's already treating you like her personal cleanup crew, I can only imagine what life will be like for you after the wedding." Her eyes glinted with mischief, relishing the chance to rattle me.

"Enough." I shunned her instantly, my voice cold. I didn't have the patience for this today, least of all from her.

But she didn't back down, the smile never leaving her face. "Fine, fine. But just think about it, dear brother. Some of us can see the mess you're walking into, even if you can't."

I turned away, biting back the retort that was on the tip of my tongue. Her laughter followed me as I walked down the hall, my irritation simmering with every step. The last thing I needed was Alina meddling in my business. I didn't care what she thought of Lia; Alina's perspective on anyone other than herself had always been skewed.

I was so focused on keeping my composure that I nearly ran into Bianca as she came around the corner. Her eyes widened in surprise, and she reached out, steadying herself against my arm.

"Finn," she said, concern creasing her brow. "What's going on?"

I shook my head, feeling too frustrated to explain. "Nothing, Bianca. Just don't worry about it."

Her gaze followed me, but I couldn't bring myself to stop and talk. I needed space to think, to sort through what had just happened without Bianca or Alina picking it apart and making it worse.

As I moved away from her and headed toward my office, I forced myself to focus. I would deal with the car, and I would deal with Lia, and no amount of meddling from anyone was going to change that.

___

Lia's POV

I arrived at Benedicta's house, feeling a strange sense of relief wash over me. The morning had been tense, and the drive here, with everything replaying in my mind, had only tightened the knots in my chest. But as I stepped into the cozy warmth of Benedicta's home, I felt myself begin to relax.

The moment I walked in, Merlin came bounding over, his face lighting up as soon as he saw me. "Lia!" he called, throwing his small arms around my waist in a fierce hug.

I laughed, scooping him up into my arms. "Merlin, my little knight," I said, kissing the top of his head. "Have you been keeping the kingdom safe while I've been away?"

He giggled, nodding proudly. "Of course! I made a fort out of the sofa cushions," he said, his eyes wide with excitement.

"That sounds like a castle fit for a true knight," I replied, giving him a squeeze. "Now, go show me how brave you are, and let Benedicta and me talk for a bit, okay?"

He nodded, wriggling down from my arms and running off toward the living room. I watched him go, my heart softening. If only everything in my life could be as simple as Merlin's joy over his little forts and pretend castles.

I turned back to see Benedicta watching me with a gentle smile, though her eyes seemed to hold a hint of concern. She motioned me over to the kitchen table, and we both sat down.

"Benedicta," I began, taking a steadying breath. "I've been trying to reach Luca all morning, but his phone keeps going straight to voicemail."

Benedicta's smile faded slightly, her brow furrowing. "That's strange. He always keeps his phone on him."

"I know," I said, the worry that had been gnawing at me since breakfast resurfacing. "I wouldn't be so concerned, but this morning a phone was found outside Finn's gate. I have a feeling it's Luca's."

She drew in a sharp breath, her expression turning serious. "Luca went to see you last night, didn't he?"

I nodded, pressing my lips together, unsure of how much to reveal. "Yes. I think he might have been outside, trying to reach me. But Finn's guards must have scared him off, and he must have left his phone behind."

Benedicta's face filled with worry as she took this in. "If that phone was Luca's, and it was found by Finn's people" She trailed off, her fingers tracing patterns on the table as she seemed to be calculating the risks.

Just then, the door opened, and Luca walked in, his gaze flickering between us, clearly sensing the tension in the room. "Lia," he said, his expression softening when he saw me. "I'm glad you're here."

Benedicta looked up, her relief clear. "Luca! Lia was just telling me about the phone. Is it true? Did you leave your phone outside Finn's gate?"

Luca's face tightened slightly, a flicker of frustration crossing his features. "Yes," he admitted, his voice steady. "I threw it. I was angry, and I wasn't exactly thinking straight."

I looked at him, my own worry mixing with relief. "But what if Finn finds it? What if he-"

He held up a hand, cutting me off. "Don't worry. I already deactivated everything on the phone remotely. All the data's wiped clean. There's nothing on there that could trace it back to me."

Benedicta's shoulders relaxed, though she still looked troubled. "Are you sure, Luca? Finn's pack has a way of digging deeper than most."

He nodded confidently. "I'm sure. There's nothing left for them to find. I made sure of it."

A sense of relief washed over me, and I rose from my seat, crossing the room to where he stood. Without thinking, I wrapped my arms around him, feeling the familiar comfort of his presence steadying me. He returned the embrace, his arms warm and reassuring around me.

"Thank you," I murmured, my voice barely above a whisper. "For always being there, even when things get complicated."

He gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze, his voice soft as he replied, "I'd do anything for you, Lia. You know that."

We pulled apart, but the warmth of his support lingered, giving me the strength I needed to face whatever came next.



Ii2
Lia's POV

After Luca's reassurances about the phone, I felt a weight lift, but my mind still buzzed with the uncertainty of everything unfolding around me. As Benedicta and I stood by the front door, waiting for my cab to arrive, I could see the worry in her eyes.

She placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Lia, are you certain you want to go back today?" Her tone was soft but probing. "It seems complicated there. And with Bianca stirring things up, maybe you could use a little more time away."

I managed a small smile, appreciating her concern. "I know, Benedicta. But if I leave things hanging, Bianca will only get bolder. And Finn-he needs to hear the truth from me before he hears any more half-truths from her."

Benedicta sighed, pulling me into a hug. "Just be careful, all right?" She stepped back, her gaze serious. "I know you're strong, but that doesn't mean you need to do it all alone. Promise you'll reach out if things get too difficult."

"I promise." I gave her hand a reassuring squeeze just as the cab pulled up in front of the house. "Thank you-for everything."

She nodded, a sad smile softening her expression as she watched me head down the driveway and into the waiting cab. As the car pulled away, I leaned back into the seat, bracing myself for what awaited me at Finn's estate.


---

The drive back was uneventful, but as we neared the gates, a growing sense of dread stirred in me. I couldn't shake the feeling that today was going to bring more challenges. And, as if on cue, the moment I stepped out of the cab and headed toward the entrance, Bianca appeared from the side path, as though she'd been waiting for me.

"Lia," she greeted, her voice laced with sweetness that dripped with insincerity. Her gaze swept over me, assessing, her lips curving into a smirk. "You're finally back. I was beginning to think you'd decided to abandon your role here altogether."

I lifted my chin, refusing to let her bait me. "Nice to see you too, Bianca," I replied, keeping my tone steady. "Though I'd expect that by now, you'd have grown used to people having other business outside these walls."

She narrowed her eyes, not even trying to hide her disdain. "Funny you should say that, Lia. I've been meaning to talk to you about your extracurricular activities."

I arched an eyebrow, feigning surprise. "Oh? I wasn't aware I needed to account for every moment of my time with you."

Bianca's expression hardened. "You may think you can do as you please, but let me remind you, you're marrying into a family that has standards. And disappearing without a word, leaving Finn to clean up your mess-like that little incident with your car-isn't exactly becoming of his future wife."

I clenched my jaw, forcing myself to stay composed. "I trust Finn knows what kind of person I am, Bianca. And he certainly doesn't need you speaking on his behalf."

She took a step closer, her voice lowering, as though sharing a secret. "You really think he doesn't see through you? Believe me, it won't be long before he realizes that all you're doing is pretending." She leaned back, crossing her arms with a satisfied smile. "After all, it's only a matter of time before you reveal your true colors."

I met her gaze, refusing to back down. "I'd be careful if I were you, Bianca. You might find that the people you're so desperate to deceive are already watching you closely."

Her smirk faltered for just an instant, but she quickly recovered, tossing her hair over her shoulder. "Enjoy playing pretend while it lasts," she said, brushing past me with one last withering look.

I watched her go, a sense of calm defiance settling over me. If Bianca wanted to play this game, then I would make sure she knew exactly who she was dealing with.


---

Finn's POV

After the morning's chaos, I was determined to put the issue of the phone behind us. The guards had reviewed the CCTV footage, meticulously scanning each frame for clues about the phone's origin, but it had turned up nothing. Whoever had left it there had been careful, or perhaps lucky, leaving us with nothing useful. All we had was a phone with no apparent links to its owner-no photos, contacts, or messages. Just a dead end.

Still, the whole thing left me uneasy, and not just because of Bianca's constant insinuations about Lia. She had been quick to plant seeds of suspicion, but I couldn't bring myself to believe them. Lia wasn't the type to keep secrets, not like this.

I was sitting in my office, the phone lying on my desk as I stared at it, lost in thought. The investigation felt like a loose thread I couldn't pull, and the more I thought about it, the more it gnawed at me.

The door creaked open, and I looked up to see Alina stepping inside, her expression as smug as ever.

"Still brooding over that phone, Finn?" she asked, clearly enjoying my frustration. "Or maybe it's Lia's latest disappearance that has you so on edge?"

I frowned, already weary of her meddling. "Alina, I'm not in the mood for this."

She shrugged, leaning casually against the doorway. "I'm just trying to help, you know. But if you're so determined to ignore every red flag, then by all means, keep going." Her gaze drifted to the phone on my desk. "But don't say I didn't warn you when things start falling apart."

I clenched my teeth, barely restraining my irritation. "Alina, Lia has done nothing to warrant this constant suspicion. That phone could belong to anyone, and without any evidence, there's no reason to jump to conclusions."

She rolled her eyes, clearly unimpressed. "Suit yourself, Finn. But remember, I know what I'm talking about. I'd hate to see you blindsided because you refused to see the truth."

Without waiting for a response, she turned and left, leaving me alone with the unsettling reminder of her words.



113
Bianca's POV

The low hum of the afternoon lull drifted through the room as Jenny and I sat across from each other, an unspoken understanding thickening the air between us. The plan had taken shape in my mind, piece by piece, each detail carefully calculated. Lia had lingered in Finn's life far too long, a thorn in my side and a threat to the future I deserved. If Lia was going to stand in my way, she needed to be removed-permanently.

Jenny shifted in her seat, studying me with that sharp, almost predatory look I'd come to expect from her. She wasn't the woman I used to know; there was something harder, colder in her gaze now. But then again, maybe that's why she was perfect for this plan.

"So, what's next?" she asked, a hint of impatience in her voice. "We've gone over the details, Bianca. We've done the groundwork. When do we actually make this happen?"

A thin smile crept over my lips. "Soon, Jenny. Very soon. I've already put someone on this. I'm just waiting for an update."

As if on cue, my phone buzzed on the table. I glanced down at the screen and felt a jolt of satisfaction. It was one of the guys I'd hired to handle the mess that was Lia. Perfect timing.

I answered, keeping my voice low. "Yes?"

"Bianca, we're set. Just need final instructions and the go-ahead," the man said, his tone curt, businesslike. He'd been in this line of work long enough to know when to keep his questions to a minimum.

"Good. Meet me at the clearing behind the old church in an hour," I replied, my voice laced with cold efficiency. "We'll finalize everything there."

I hung up, feeling the pulse of adrenaline course through me. Finally, after all the planning and all the frustration of watching Lia worm her way into Finn's life, we were on the brink of getting what we wanted.

Jenny raised an eyebrow, clearly intrigued. "Was that him? Our 'solution' to the Lia problem?"

"Yes," I confirmed, a hint of a smile tugging at the corners of my mouth. "I'm meeting him soon to go over the final details."

Jenny leaned forward, a glint of excitement in her eyes. "Good. Then I'm coming with you. We're in this together, remember?"

For a moment, I considered turning her down-this wasn't her fight, not directly, and if things went sideways, I didn't want her getting in the way. But as I met her determined gaze, I knew there was no use arguing. She was just as invested in Lia's removal as I was.

"Fine," I said with a nod. "But keep it discreet. We can't afford any mistakes."

She gave me a wicked smile. "You can count on me."


---

Lia's POV

I lay stretched out on my bed, letting the quiet wash over me. The past few days had been chaotic, the pressure of the impending wedding looming larger than I'd expected. Finn and I were supposed to get married in two days, yet my heart felt heavier with each passing moment. I didn't know what I was waiting for-some clarity, maybe, or a sign that this was truly what I wanted. But that certainty eluded me, leaving only a hollow ache.

The quiet knock on my door startled me, and before I could respond, Finn walked in. His expression was softer than usual, a strange combination of calm and something else-something almost cautious.

"Lia," he greeted, coming to sit on the edge of the bed beside me. "How are you feeling?"

I gave him a small smile, hoping to mask the confusion still lingering in my mind. "Just resting. Trying to take in everything before the big day."

He nodded, his gaze thoughtful. "I thought we could talk about the wedding. Make sure we're on the same page."

"Of course," I replied, sitting up and giving him my full attention. There was a look in his eyes, something searching, almost as if he were trying to read the hidden thoughts behind my expression.

"Lia," he began, his tone cautious. "I want to make sure this is truly what you want. That you don't feel pressured in any way."

I forced myself to hold his gaze, sensing the careful probing beneath his words. "I agreed to marry you, Finn," I said, my voice steady. "I wouldn't be here if I didn't think this was right for us."

He nodded slowly, but I could see he wasn't entirely satisfied. "It's just sometimes it feels like there's a part of you that's holding back. I know Bianca can be difficult, but I don't want anything clouding your feelings about this."

I took a breath, choosing my words carefully. "Bianca isn't the reason for any hesitation, Finn. I I've just had a lot on my mind. This wedding, our future-it's all happening so fast."

His expression softened, a hint of relief breaking through his initial concern. "I understand. I just want to make sure that we're moving forward together, with complete trust."

I managed a small nod, wishing I could give him more. "I appreciate that, Finn. And I want us to have a future that's built on trust too."

For a moment, silence settled between us, comfortable yet fraught with the weight of unspoken questions. But before either of us could say more, his phone buzzed in his pocket. He glanced at the screen, and his expression shifted, becoming more focused.

"I'm sorry, I have to take this," he said, standing up.

"Is it something important?" I asked, curiosity piqued by the sudden change in his demeanor.

Finn hesitated, glancing back at me. "It's about the phone found outside the gate. They may have found a clue as to who owns it."

My heart skipped a beat, though I forced myself to stay calm. "Oh? I didn't think they'd find much."

He gave a small shrug. "Neither did I. But we'll see. I'll let you know if there's anything worth mentioning."

I nodded, watching him as he left the room, his figure disappearing into the hallway. The door clicked shut behind him, and I sat there, my mind spinning.



114
###chapter 114

Jenny's POV

Bianca and I walked briskly through the car park, our heels clicking against the concrete in unison. The late afternoon sun was beginning to dip, casting long shadows across the parked cars. I glanced at Bianca, who wore a look of fierce determination. Her eyes were fixed ahead, her jaw set. This wasn't the Bianca I had grown up with-she'd changed, grown harder and sharper. But then, so had I.

We reached her car, a sleek black sedan that seemed fitting for the kind of conversations we'd been having lately. Without a word, she unlocked the doors, and we both slipped inside. Bianca's hands were steady as she gripped the wheel and started the engine, her eyes flicking over to me as she shifted into gear.

"You ready for this?" she asked, a slight edge to her voice.

I met her gaze, giving her a small nod. "Of course. We're in this together, remember?"

A ghost of a smile crossed her lips before she pulled out of the parking space, her eyes focused straight ahead. We drove in silence for a while, the tension in the car almost palpable. I could feel my heart pounding as we left the familiar streets behind, heading toward the outskirts of town. We were meeting Lex, the guy Bianca had contacted, in an abandoned lot near the old church. The place was deserted, far enough from prying eyes to ensure that our conversation wouldn't be overheard.

After about twenty minutes, we turned onto a dirt road that led to a clearing surrounded by trees. The old church loomed in the distance, its shadow stretching across the lot like a silent witness to whatever deals were struck here. As we pulled in, I noticed a dark figure leaning casually against his car, his arms crossed, watching us approach. Lex.

Bianca killed the engine and got out, and I followed her, trying to keep my expression cool and confident. Lex straightened as we approached, his eyes glinting with interest. He was tall, with a lean frame and an air of quiet menace that told me he was no stranger to doing the dirty work others avoided.

"Ladies," he greeted, a smirk tugging at the corner of his mouth. "Right on time."

Bianca wasted no time with pleasantries. "Let's get down to business," she said, her tone firm. "You know why we're here, Lex."

He nodded, glancing between us with an amused look. "Getting rid of a problem, huh?" He crossed his arms, leaning back against his car as if he had all the time in the world. "You two must really want this girl out of the picture."

"You have no idea," I replied, my voice colder than I intended. Lia had been a thorn in my side for far too long, her presence making everything more complicated than it needed to be. She didn't belong in our lives, and she certainly didn't deserve Finn.

Lex chuckled, clearly unfazed. "Well, you've come to the right guy. I know exactly how to make problems like her disappear."

Bianca's eyes narrowed. "So, what's your plan?"

Lex leaned in, his voice lowering. "I'll take care of her on the day of the wedding. That way, no one will suspect a thing. There'll be enough chaos that she'll just slip through the cracks, so to speak."

Bianca and I exchanged a look, a mutual understanding passing between us. Lex's plan made sense. The wedding would provide the perfect cover; with all the guests and the confusion, Lia's disappearance would go unnoticed until it was far too late.

"Are you sure you can handle it?" I asked, wanting to be absolutely certain. "I don't want any loose ends. This has to be clean."

Lex gave me a slow, confident smile. "Relax, Jenny. This isn't my first job. Once I'm done, she'll be nothing more than a memory." He glanced at Bianca. "All you two have to do is act normal. Leave everything else to me."

Bianca's expression softened a hint of satisfaction in her eyes. "Perfect. Make sure she's gone by the time the ceremony begins. We can't afford any surprises."

Lex nodded, his face serious now. "Consider it done. She'll be out of the picture by the time you say 'I do.'"

A twisted sense of relief washed over me as I listened to him. Finally, after all the frustration and uncertainty, things were falling into place. Lia would no longer be an obstacle, and I would finally have the life I'd been waiting for.

We shook hands with Lex, sealing our silent agreement. Without another word, he slipped back into his car, the engine roaring to life as he drove off, leaving a cloud of dust in his wake. Bianca and I watched him go, each of us lost in our own thoughts.

As we got back into her car, Bianca looked over at me, her eyes glinting with satisfaction. "It's almost done, Jenny. Just a little longer, and everything will be perfect."

I smiled, the anticipation building inside me. "It's about time. She won't know what hit her."

Bianca gave a short, sharp laugh, and we pulled away from the lot, our plan firmly set in motion.


___

Luca's POV

I'd been watching them for a while, lurking in the shadows of the car park. It had taken some time to piece together the threads of Bianca's plan, but I had enough by now to be sure of one thing-she was planning something dangerous, and Lia was her target.

I saw Bianca and Jenny walking briskly toward a car, their expressions tense and focused. My instincts flared, sensing trouble. This wasn't an ordinary drive-they were on their way to do something. As they got into Bianca's car and drove off, I followed at a safe distance. A few minutes later, they arrived at a remote lot, a clearing I recognized from around the old church. My heart clenched as another figure came into view-a man leaning casually against his car, waiting for them.

The moment they stepped out to greet him, I felt my blood run cold. This wasn't a friendly catch-up. No, the look in their eyes and the stiffness of their postures spoke of something darker. I waited in the cover of trees, out of sight but close enough to catch fragments of their conversation. Just as I suspected, they were plotting against Lia. I barely restrained myself, my fingers curling into fists. But I forced myself to stay still and wait until they were finished.

Eventually, Bianca and Jenny walked back to their car, satisfied looks on their faces, and drove off, leaving the man alone in the lot. The guy seemed in no hurry to leave, taking his time as he got back into his car. This was my chance. Staying far enough behind so he wouldn't notice me, I followed him as he pulled onto the road, my senses sharpened and every nerve on edge.

He led me on a winding drive through back streets and quiet lanes, finally heading out to a more deserted part of town. When he turned down a narrow dirt road, I took my chance. Leaving my car behind, I shifted into my wolf form, letting my senses take over as I moved swiftly and silently, closing the distance with each step. The trees and night air seemed to blur around me as I surged forward, my focus locked on him, every sense attuned to his every move.

He pulled over near an abandoned warehouse, stepped out of his car, and headed toward the side entrance. In one quick, fluid motion, I shifted back to human form, striding out from the shadows and cutting off his path.

He froze, his eyes widening as he registered my presence. "Who the hell are you?" he asked, his voice a mixture of surprise and irritation.

I took a step closer, my voice low and dangerous. "Let's just say I'm someone who knows you're working with Bianca and Jenny. And I know exactly what you're planning to do."

A flicker of recognition crossed his face, followed by a wary look. "Look, I don't know what you're talking about," he said, attempting to sidestep me, but I blocked his path easily.

"Don't play games with me," I growled, my voice dropping to a deadly tone. "I know you're planning something against Lia. And I know they've hired you to make her disappear. So I'll make this simple-either you tell me exactly what they want you to do, or you'll regret not cooperating."

He swallowed, his confidence fading as he realized he was cornered. "Listen, I don't want any trouble," he said, his tone softening. "I was just hired to do a job. I didn't know there'd be this much interest."

"Spare me the excuses," I replied sharply. "What's the plan?"

After a tense pause, he sighed, looking down at the ground before meeting my gaze again. "The plan is simple. I was supposed to make sure Lia didn't make it to the wedding. Disappear her in a way that wouldn't raise suspicion until it's too late."

My jaw clenched as anger surged through me, but I forced myself to keep calm. "You're going to forget that plan. You're going to help me instead."

He gave me a wary look, frowning. "Help you? Why would I-"

"Because if you don't, I'll make sure you're the one who disappears. I don't think Bianca or Jenny will care if you're gone." My voice was cold, each word laced with warning. "So here's what we're going to do: you're going to meet with me tomorrow. We're going to figure out a way to make this work in our favor, without harming Lia."

He looked at me, his expression conflicted. I could see him calculating, trying to decide whether to take the deal or take his chances. But in the end, he nodded.

"All right," he said, his voice quiet but resigned. "Tomorrow. Just don't make me regret this."

"You won't," I replied. "But if you betray me, I promise you won't be around to regret anything."

With that, I turned and left him standing there, his face pale and uncertain. As I disappeared into the night, my thoughts were focused on one thing: Lia. Whatever Bianca and Jenny were planning, I would stop it. No matter what.



115

Lia's POV

I sat in the quiet of the room, the hum of the evening around me when the sudden ring of my phone broke the stillness. I glanced at the screen, and my heart skipped a beat-Luca.

I answered immediately. "Luca?"

"Lia," his voice was low, serious, the usual warmth missing. "You need to be careful around Finn's house. Things aren't as they seem, and there's more going on than you know. I'll tell you everything when we see each other. But for now, watch yourself, especially around Bianca and Jenny."

I frowned, my grip tightening on the phone. "What's going on, Luca? Why should I be worried about them?"

"You'll understand soon enough," he said, his voice darkening. "Just don't trust anyone too easily."

Before I could ask more, the line clicked and the call ended abruptly, leaving me with an unsettling feeling. What had he meant? I wasn't sure, but I trusted Luca, so I knew I needed to be cautious. Still, I couldn't let his warnings consume me.

I exhaled slowly, trying to shake off the tension. I dialed Benedicta's number next, hoping for some semblance of calm. It only rang once before she picked up.

"Lia?" Benedicta's voice was always a comforting balm to my nerves.

"Hi, Benedicta. I just wanted to check-in. How are you?" I asked, settling back against the pillows, feeling the weight of the day pressing down on me.

"We're doing well," she said softly. "Merlin's been keeping busy. He's grown so much, Lia. I wish you could see him more often."

I smiled at the mention of her son. "I miss him too. Put him on, will you?"

There was a soft shuffle on the other end before Merlin's voice came through, a little clearer than before.

"Lia!" he said enthusiastically. "I'm building a castle with my blocks! I bet it's bigger than yours."

I couldn't help but laugh. "I'll have to come over and see it one of these days. Maybe you can teach me how to build one too."

He giggled, and I could hear him proudly explain the castle's walls and towers in great detail. The conversation drifted to his plans for the upcoming summer and his excitement about a new book he was reading, and I indulged him, feeling a small sense of peace as I listened to his innocent chatter.

Finally, after a few more moments, I said, "Alright, Merlin, I've got to let you go now, but I'll be thinking about that castle."

"Okay, Lia. See you soon!" he said before the line went quiet, and I was left with the sound of Benedicta's voice again.

"I'll let you go too, dear. Be careful. You never know what's out there."

"I will," I assured her, though my mind wasn't entirely at ease. "Thanks, Benedicta. Give my love to Merlin."

After hanging up, I stared at my phone for a moment before the soft knock on my door pulled me from my thoughts.

A maid stood in the doorway, her expression respectful but firm. "Miss Lia, dinner is ready. Your family is waiting downstairs."

I nodded, setting the phone down, and stood up. "Thank you," I said, smoothing out my dress as I followed her down the stairs.

The dinner table was set in the grand dining room, a beautiful spread laid out before us. Finn sat at the head of the table, his sister, Alina, seated to his left, and Bianca sitting beside me. There was an awkward tension hanging in the air, one that I couldn't quite place. As I settled into my seat, I glanced at Finn, but he was already looking away, his attention elsewhere.

I decided to break the silence. "So, Finn, the wedding preparations are moving along," I began casually, hoping to engage him. "I've been working with the florist, and the venue's almost confirmed. It's all coming together nicely."

Finn barely looked up, his gaze flickering to his plate before returning to his glass of water. "That's great," he muttered, his voice distant.

I raised an eyebrow but pushed forward, unfazed. "I was thinking we could start planning the rehearsal dinner soon, too. A few close friends, family, and of course, a few of your business partners. It'll be a good chance to get everyone in the right mood for the wedding day."

Still, Finn didn't seem particularly engaged. He merely nodded, his fork picking at his food as his sister, Alina exchanged an amused glance with Bianca. I didn't care, though. I wasn't here to talk about anything else but our wedding. If Finn wasn't interested, it was his problem.

"Well, I've also been thinking about the guest list," I continued, feeling my pulse quicken with the desire to push his buttons. "It's always difficult to narrow it down, especially since your father has so many colleagues and people from the business world that he wants to invite. But I suppose it's a matter of managing expectations, isn't it?"

Finn finally glanced up, his eyes narrowing. "Yes," he said slowly, but his tone remained disinterested.

I felt a flash of frustration but kept my smile in place. It didn't matter if Finn didn't care. This wedding was happening, and he had no say in how it would unfold.

After a few more uncomfortable moments of silence, dinner came to an end. I pushed my chair back, ready to make my next move.

"I'd like to speak with you in your office, Finn," I said, standing up from the table.

His eyes shot to me, but instead of responding immediately, he exchanged a look with Bianca, who raised an eyebrow in return. Alina, too, seemed to be caught off guard by my request. But neither of them said a word.

"Alright," Finn said after a beat, his voice flat. "I'll meet you there."

As I turned to leave, I couldn't help but feel the weight of their gaze following me. What were they thinking? What were they hiding? I would find out soon enough.



116

Finn's POV

I watched as Lia left the dining room, her back straight, movements calm, as though she were completely in control. But I couldn't shake the feeling that there was more beneath that carefully crafted composure. Why did she want to see me in my office? I felt a faint pulse of suspicion as I stood up, unable to ignore the tension that lingered between us tonight.

Just as I took a step to follow her, Alina approached, her expression a mix of worry and frustration. She lowered her voice, glancing briefly in the direction Lia had disappeared to make sure she was out of earshot. "Finn, you need to be smart about this," she murmured, her tone sharp. "Your so-called fiancée isn't who you think she is."

I frowned, my gaze hardening as I looked at her. "What are you talking about, Alina?"

"Lia has her own agenda. I don't trust her, and neither should you." Her eyes flickered with something close to desperation as if she'd been holding back these thoughts for far too long. "Just be careful."

Before I could respond, Bianca chimed in, her voice filled with quiet resentment. "She's right, Finn. Don't let Lia brainwash you into whatever game she's playing. I don't know what she's planning, but don't be foolish about it."

I glanced between the two of them, irritation starting to bubble up. "Bianca," I warned, but she didn't stop.

"I mean it," she pressed, her tone urgent. "Whatever Lia's about to tell you, don't just take her words at face value. Think, Finn."

Alina turned to her, her eyes narrowing. "Will you shut up, Bianca? No one asked for your opinion."

Bianca stiffened, her eyes flashing with anger. "Excuse me? I'm only looking out for him, which is more than I can say for you."

Alina's face darkened, her lips pressing into a thin line. "Don't think for a second you know what's best for my brother. I'm his family, not you."

It was obvious that they were moments away from launching into a full-blown argument. I let out an exasperated sigh, pinching the bridge of my nose as their voices escalated. "Enough," I snapped, glancing between them with a hardened expression. "Both of you, just shut up."

They fell silent, each of them casting me a sullen look but refraining from saying more. I turned away without another word, the tension between them left unresolved but, for the moment, contained.

As I walked down the hallway toward my office, Alina's words echoed in my mind, stirring up a sense of unease. Lia isn't who you think she is. I had always trusted Alina's instincts, and she rarely warned me without reason. But Bianca's words lingered, too. Had Lia been attempting to manipulate me, subtly guiding things to her advantage?

I reached the door to my office and paused, taking a deep breath to compose myself before I walked in to face her. Whatever Lia had to say, I'd hear her out. But I'd keep my guard up this time.


____

Lia's POV

I sat in Finn's office, my hands resting on the armrests, eyes fixed on the door as I waited. The ticking of the clock on the wall was loud in the silence, each second stretching out longer than it should. The tension from dinner still hung over me, but I kept my face carefully composed, my posture steady. This was something I needed to confront, and no matter how it turned out, I wasn't going to back down.

The door opened, and Finn walked in, closing it behind him with a quiet click. He looked at me, his expression unreadable. "Why did you want to see me, Lia?"

I took a slow breath, meeting his gaze. "I wanted to talk to you about something I've noticed." I paused, choosing my words carefully, watching his face. "I know you had me followed, Finn."

For a moment, his expression didn't change, but I saw a flicker of something in his eyes. "And why do you think that?" he asked, his tone guarded.

I raised an eyebrow, leaning forward just a little. "Because it's obvious," I replied, keeping my voice calm. "You don't trust me, so you need someone to keep an eye on me. You need to soothe your conscience, I suppose." I watched him carefully, seeing the faint tension in his shoulders as he stood there, unmoving. "Am I right?"

He didn't immediately answer, and I could see he was trying to choose his words, weighing how much he wanted to reveal. But I didn't let him speak before I continued, my voice softening just a bit. "Finn, tomorrow we're supposed to be married. I don't want to start that ###chapter of our lives without any trust between us." I tilted my head slightly, watching him, searching for a reaction. "Don't you think, at the very least, I deserve that? Some trust?"

Finn looked at me, his expression still hard, but there was something in his eyes-hesitation, perhaps? He shifted slightly as if struggling to find the right response. I waited, feeling the quiet tension building between us. Whatever he said next would matter.

But just as he opened his mouth to reply, his phone buzzed loudly in his pocket. He glanced down, frowning as he looked at the screen. Then, without a word, he walked quickly to the door.

"Finn?" I called, a trace of irritation slipping into my voice. "What's going on?"

He paused, his hand on the door handle, looking back at me with a tense expression. "The phone that was left at the gate," he said, his tone low, "we've just received a signal from it. We're going to need to figure out who it belongs to."

"What? Are you sure it's not for a random person,? I mean,, who'd leave his or her phone there?"  I asked, my heart racing. What if he finds out it's for Luca?

"You seem bothered, what's wrong?" He asked as I sighed.

"I don't just want any troubles tomorrow, it means a lot to me. That's all." With that, I walked out of his office.

117

Lia's POV

As I walked to my room, trying to gather my thoughts, I nearly collided with Alina in the hallway. Her expression was colder than usual, her eyes scanning me like she was searching for something hidden.

"Why are you acting so suspicious, Lia?" Alina's voice was sharp, cutting through the silence with an edge that made my skin prickle.

I met her gaze steadily, not willing to let her see any hint of unease. "Not tonight, Alina. I'm not in the mood to trade words," I replied, brushing past her with forced calm. "I need to get some rest." I could feel her eyes lingering on me as I walked away, but I didn't dare look back. Let her think whatever she wanted. Right now, I have bigger issues to handle.

Finally, in the privacy of my room, I leaned against the door, exhaling a breath I didn't realize I'd been holding. My mind raced back to the tense conversation with Finn earlier. I couldn't believe he'd had me followed, but I had to keep my reaction controlled. Every second of every interaction felt like I was stepping on a minefield. Just one wrong step, and everything could blow up.

Without another thought, I grabbed my phone and quickly dialed Luca's number. He picked up after a few rings.

"Luca," I whispered urgently, trying to keep my voice steady. "Finn's found a signal on the phone. They're tracking it right now. If they figure out the phone belongs to you-and that I was the last person who called-I'll be in serious trouble. This whole plan will fall apart."

There was a pause on the other end, and then his calm voice came through, reassuring. "Don't worry, Lia. I've got it under control. I'll handle this on my end. Just keep your head down and stay calm. And keep an eye out for anything suspicious. I'll make sure they can't trace it back to me-or to you."

Relief washed over me, but a tension still lingered. "Alright, I trust you. I'll keep you updated if anything changes."

I hung up, but the tension remained coiled in my chest, making it impossible to sit still. Pacing back and forth in my room only fueled my nerves, so I left, letting my feet guide me down the hall until I reached the CCTV room. I peeked inside and found Finn, along with a few other men, gathered around a screen. Their expressions were intense, brows furrowed in concentration as they worked to crack the phone's code.

Trying to maintain my composure, I pushed open the door and stepped inside, drawing their attention.

"What's going on here?" I asked, aiming for a casual tone as I approached Finn.

He barely glanced at me, his attention fixed on the screen. "We're trying to access the phone's contacts," he replied, his voice distracted. "Whoever owns this is putting up quite a fight, but we'll get through eventually."

Before I could respond, Bianca appeared in the doorway, her eyes flashing with interest. She looked at me for a brief moment, a hint of smugness in her expression, before shifting her focus back to the men at the monitor. She seemed almost too eager to see what they'd uncover.

"Bianca, don't you have something better to do?" I said, unable to mask the bite in my tone.

She smirked, folding her arms. "Oh, I wouldn't miss this for the world. Something tells me it's going to be enlightening." Her gaze lingered on me, and I had to force myself to keep my expression neutral.

Just then, one of the technicians spoke up. "We're getting closer, sir," he said to Finn. "The firewall's tough, but I think we've cracked the first layer. We should have access to the contact list soon."

A chill ran down my spine as I watched Finn nod approvingly. I needed to find a way to keep them from identifying that phone. Luca was doing what he could on his end, but if these men managed to break through...

"What kind of firewall blocks a simple contact list?" I asked, keeping my voice light but genuinely curious. I needed to understand how far they'd get.

"An intentional one," Finn replied, his tone sharp, his gaze finally turning to me. "Whoever owns this phone clearly has something to hide. And I intend to find out what that is."

I forced a laugh. "Well, good luck with that, then. I can't imagine who'd go through so much trouble for a simple phone."

The technician looked up, smirking. "People hide things in the most unexpected places."

Bianca's smirk only grew, and she leaned closer to Finn. "Imagine what kind of secrets this phone holds and whose secrets." Her gaze flicked to me briefly, a subtle accusation in her eyes, like she was daring me to react.

I wanted to respond, to wipe that look off her face, but I held back. Drawing more attention to myself would only make things worse. Instead, I crossed my arms and shrugged. "Well, I guess I'll leave you to your little detective work. Hope you find something worthwhile."

I turned on my heel and made my way out of the CCTV room, my heart pounding in my chest. I needed to think, needed to stay one step ahead of them.


____

Bianca's POV

As I watched Finn study the screen with that single-minded intensity, I couldn't help the irritation bubbling up inside me. He was so determined to protect Lia, so blinded by whatever strange loyalty he thought he owed her. But he needed to see reason, and if he wouldn't come to his senses, I'd bring him there myself.

Taking a steadying breath, I leaned closer to him, lowering my voice so that only he would hear. "Finn," I said carefully, "don't you think the owner of this phone may be a spy? Someone within our clan could be betraying us."

He barely glanced at me, his jaw clenched. I could see he was holding onto his calm with a thin thread, and it only pushed me to continue.

"Think about it," I went on, my voice almost a whisper now. "Lia isn't from our clan. She's an outsider-and it's possible, Finn, very possible, that she's here to betray us." I let the words hang between us, waiting for him to process, to see the truth of it.

But his reaction wasn't what I expected. His gaze snapped to me, his eyes icy and unyielding. "Enough, Bianca. I don't want to hear this nonsense," he said sharply, his voice dripping with barely contained annoyance. "I trust Lia."

A stab of anger and frustration flared in me, but I hid it behind a sweet smile. "I'm only saying this for your own good, Finn. You've always trusted people too easily."

"I trust people who earn it, Bianca," he retorted, his voice steely. "And Lia has. Now, if you don't have anything useful to say, get out."

His words stung, like a slap across the face, but I wasn't about to let him see how much they affected me. I simply offered him a tight, polite smile, masking the irritation simmering beneath my skin. "As you wish, Finn. I'm just looking out for you," I murmured, trying to maintain an air of calm.

But as I left his office, the smile faded from my lips, replaced by a fierce scowl. How could he be so blind, so easily manipulated by that woman? I knew Lia was hiding something, and if Finn couldn't see it, then I would make him.

I pulled out my phone, my fingers moving quickly as I dialed Lex's number. It rang once, twice, before he picked up, his voice low and gruff.

"Bianca. What's going on?"

"We need to meet tomorrow, but it has to be earlier than we planned," I replied, my voice hard. "This situation with Lia is getting out of hand, and I can't wait any longer. We need to get rid of her as soon as possible."

There was a pause on the other end, then a chuckle, low and amused. "Impatient, are we?"

"This isn't a joke, Lex," I snapped, irritation flaring again. "Lia is dangerous. She's twisting Finn around her finger, and I'm not going to stand by and watch her ruin everything we've worked for."

Lex's tone shifted, becoming more serious. "Fine. Where do you want to meet?"

I glanced around the hallway to ensure no one was within earshot before replying. "Let's keep it discreet. I'll text you the details."

"Understood," he replied, his voice a mix of amusement and determination. "But Bianca, remember-taking Lia out won't be easy. Finn will notice if anything happens to her."

I clenched my teeth, my free hand curling into a fist. "I know that, Lex. But I'll deal with Finn when the time comes. Right now, Lia is the priority. We can't let her stay."

"Fine," he agreed. "Text me the place. And Bianca-don't do anything rash. We need to handle this smartly."

"Of course," I replied, ending the call. Smart, yes-but also decisively. Lia had underestimated me, thinking she could just walk into Finn's life and take over. She had no idea what I was capable of.

As I put my phone away, a thrill of satisfaction surged through me. Lia wouldn't be a problem much longer, and once she was gone, Finn would finally see things clearly. I could be patient when it mattered. And when this was over, I'd make sure Finn understood that I'd done it all for him, for our future.

With a sense of determination, I walked back down the hallway, my mind already spinning with possibilities. By tomorrow, this entire game Lia was playing would be over. And when she was out of the way, I'd make sure she was forgotten-like the unimportant pawn she truly was.



118

Lia's POV

As soon as I closed the door behind me, I hurried across the room, grabbing my phone from the nightstand. My heart raced as I dialed Luca's number, silently urging him to pick up quickly. The line clicked, and his familiar voice sounded in my ear.

"Lia, what's wrong?"

I didn't waste any time. "Luca, things are getting complicated. Right now, Finn is trying to track down the owner of that phone-the one I left at the gate. If he figures out it's yours I'll be in serious trouble. And Bianca's helping him. I'm sure she'll try to pin everything on me."

There was a pause on Luca's end before he replied, his voice calm and reassuring. "Don't worry. I've taken care of it. They won't be able to get anything from that phone, trust me. No one will trace it back to me."

His words brought a flicker of relief, but I still felt the weight of everything pressing down on me. "Are you sure?" I pressed, needing more than just his word. "Because if Finn finds out"

"Lia," he interrupted, his tone firm. "I promise, nothing will come of this. No one will find anything, and if they do, it won't point to you. Now listen to me." He paused as if making sure I was fully focused. "We need to meet tomorrow. There are some things I need you to do, and once you follow through, everything will go as planned."

I hesitated, feeling the enormity of it all settle over me. But I knew there was no turning back. Not now, not after everything I'd put into this.

"Alright," I murmured, taking a deep breath. "But Luca, I want to make one thing clear-I'm not ending this marriage. I'm going through with it. I'll be marrying Finn tomorrow, no matter what."

There was a brief silence, then a low chuckle from Luca. "Of course. That's exactly what I want. Marrying Finn will only work to our advantage. You need to be by his side for this plan to succeed. So go ahead, get married to him. It's all part of what we need to do."

His approval only added fuel to the fire simmering inside me. For so long, I'd played my role, staying patient, waiting for the perfect moment to turn the tables. Now, that moment was finally here. I was done being a bystander in my own life.

"Fine," I replied, determination settling in my voice. "We'll meet tomorrow, just tell me where."

"A café," he answered smoothly. "I'll text you the location. We'll talk, and I'll go over what you need to do. Just make sure you don't leave any loose ends behind."

"I won't," I assured him. "And thank you for handling this."

"Don't mention it," he said, his voice softening just a fraction. "Remember, Lia, we're in this together. Everything is under control."

The line went silent as he hung up, and I put my phone down, exhaling deeply. I felt an odd calm settle over me, even with the whirlwind of everything that was happening. If Luca was confident, then I had to be too.

I paced the room, unable to stay still. My mind was spinning, thoughts tangled with emotions. Marrying Finn had never been about love or loyalty, but about taking control, about making sure I came out of this on top. It was my turn to hold the power, and I wasn't going to let anything-or anyone-take that away.

After a few moments, the walls of the room started to feel suffocating. I needed to clear my head, to walk off the tension curling inside me. So I slipped out of my room, walking down the dim hallway until I found myself standing near the CCTV room.

The faint sounds of voices drew me closer, and as I peered inside, I saw Finn hunched over a monitor, frustration etched across his face. He was flanked by two other men, all of them working on the phone, trying to crack whatever was left of it.

I leaned casually against the doorframe, clearing my throat. Finn glanced up, his expression shifting as he saw me.

"What's going on?" I asked, feigning a look of mild curiosity.

"We're trying to access the numbers," Finn replied, his voice strained. "But it seems like the owner's blocking us somehow. There's nothing to trace."

I nodded, masking the relief that surged through me. Just then, Bianca walked into the room, her face twisting into a scowl as she caught sight of me. Ignoring her, I offered Finn a small smile.

"Good luck with that," I said, my tone casual. "Let me know if you need any help."

Without waiting for a response, I turned on my heel and walked away, leaving them to their frustrated attempts. As I walked back to my room, a sense of satisfaction washed over me. Let them try all they wanted-Luca had made sure they wouldn't find anything. Tomorrow, I'd marry Finn, and my plan would unfold exactly as it was meant to.

Everything was falling into place, and for the first time in a long time, I felt like I was finally in control.

___

Alina's POV

I sat alone in my bedroom, the dim light from the lamp casting soft shadows around me. My thoughts circled like vultures, picking apart every detail of the situation unfolding around me. That phone was left at the gate it was suspicious enough on its own. But now, Finn was rushing into a marriage with Lia, someone who had always felt like an outsider. Something about all of this didn't sit right with me.

I tapped my fingers against the arm of the chair, frustration bubbling up. It was impossible not to see how strange this was-this sudden marriage, Finn's stubborn trust in Lia, even with all the secrecy swirling around her. If only he could see her the way I did.

A knock at the door broke through my thoughts, and I glanced up as one of the maids stepped inside, bowing her head slightly in respect.

"Ma'am, you called for me?" she asked, her voice soft.

"Yes," I said, my gaze sharp as I looked her over. This maid was discreet, one of the more trustworthy ones, and I needed someone who would be thorough. "I have some instructions for you, and I need you to follow them exactly as I say."

She nodded quickly, standing straighter, clearly sensing the gravity of the task I was about to give her.

"From this moment on, you're to watch Lia closely. I want to know everything she does, every room she enters, every conversation she has. And make sure you pay attention to Finn as well. I need you to keep track of their interactions and report them all to me. Do you understand?"

The maid nodded again, her expression serious. "Yes, ma'am."

I leaned forward, my voice lowering. "This is particularly important regarding that phone they found. I need to know the outcome of that investigation. Finn is digging around for answers, and I have a feeling that Lia knows more than she's letting on. If there's anything suspicious, I want to be the first to know. Understood?"

The maid's eyes widened slightly, but she nodded with steady determination. "I understand, ma'am. I'll do exactly as you say."

"Good," I said, satisfied with her response. "And remember, I want updates regularly. Anything you see, no matter how small, report it to me immediately. Don't let anything slip by."

I watched as she absorbed my words, her face serious and attentive. I needed someone loyal, someone who wouldn't be swayed by Finn's charming ways or Lia's manipulative front. This maid had been with us long enough to understand that my orders weren't up for negotiation.

"Also," I added, "be cautious. I don't want anyone noticing that you're keeping tabs on them. Discretion is crucial. If they realize you're watching, they'll change their behavior, and then we'll lose any advantage we have."

She nodded again. "I understand, ma'am. I'll be careful."

With a final glance, I motioned toward the door. "That will be all. You can go now."

The maid gave a small bow before slipping out of the room, leaving me alone once more. I leaned back in my chair, staring off into the distance as the wheels of my mind turned. This entire situation was infuriating. Ever since Lia had come into our lives, things had been thrown off balance. Finn was behaving recklessly, blindsided by his so-called "trust" in her, while Lia seemed to be weaving herself deeper into his life every day.

And now, a marriage-just like that, without any consideration for the rest of us. If it were up to me, I would have put a stop to this nonsense the moment she showed her true colors. But Finn's stubbornness and arrogance were a constant roadblock. He never saw the full picture, the way I did.

Still, I wasn't about to sit idly by. This maid would be my eyes and ears, and I would be one step ahead of Lia at every turn. It wouldn't be long before her secrets unraveled. I'd find out what she was hiding, and I'd make sure Finn saw her for what she truly was.

There was too much at stake to let this slide. Our family's reputation, our legacy-it all mattered far more than Lia's petty ambitions. She thought she could manipulate her way to the top, but I would make sure she fell just as quickly. She was nothing but a temporary storm, a fleeting problem that would be dealt with soon enough.

I stood up, crossing the room to the window, gazing out into the night. Somewhere out there, Lia was probably plotting her next move, thinking she had everything under control. But she underestimated me. No one waltzed into this family without my permission, and certainly, no one played my brother like a pawn.

Soon enough, I'd have her exactly where I wanted her. And when the time was right, I'd make sure she regretted every deceitful step she took toward this family.

With a final look at the empty hallway, I allowed myself a small, satisfied smile. Whatever games Lia was playing, she'd soon learn that I was two steps ahead. And when the truth finally came to light, I would be there to watch it all unfold.



119

Lia's POV 

The night pressed heavily around me as I returned to my room, my mind racing. The events of the evening still churned within me, and I knew that Finn's interest in tracking down the phone's owner wouldn't just vanish. This marriage was supposed to bring stability and security even, but it felt more like a house of cards, ready to collapse with one wrong move.

I paced the room, waiting, hoping the tension would ease, but every second felt like the walls were closing in. Finally, I grabbed my phone and dialed Luca, pressing the receiver tight against my ear as it rang. His voice was steady and firm, instantly grounding me.

"What's wrong, Lia?" he asked, sensing my tension.

"It's Finn," I whispered, glancing over my shoulder, though I knew the door was locked. "He's looking into the phone that was left at the gate. He's got people working on it right now, and Bianca is right there with him. If they uncover anything about you" My voice faltered, dread seeping in.

Luca's voice didn't waver. "Lia, listen to me. I told you, everything is under control. I've set up every safeguard. Even if Finn digs, he won't find anything that ties back to us. Trust me."

A shaky sigh escaped me. "But if they get even the smallest hint of my connection to you, it's over. Finn isn't stupid-he'll put the pieces together."

"Let them look," he said calmly. "What they'll find will lead them nowhere. Remember, I planned for this."

His confidence was reassuring, but I couldn't shake the gnawing feeling that something was bound to slip. "We're meeting tomorrow at the café, right?"

"Yes," he confirmed. "I'll go over the next steps with you then. And, Lia-whatever happens, stick to the plan. Marrying Finn works in our favor, even if it doesn't feel like it now."

The words calmed me, even as doubt simmered beneath the surface. "Fine. I'll see you tomorrow."

We ended the call, but my mind continued to spin. I sat at the edge of my bed, running over everything in my head. Finn was too close, and if Bianca's suspicions fanned the flames, I'd have even less time to secure my place here.

Unable to sit still, I wandered the halls, my footsteps soft against the cold marble floors. Passing the CCTV room, I paused. Curiosity pulled me closer. The door was slightly ajar, and I could hear murmurs from inside. Peering in, I saw Finn and two of his men, focused intently on a screen displaying the phone's data.

A small spark of panic flared. If they got through even a sliver of Luca's defenses, everything would unravel.

Steeling myself, I walked in, masking my nerves with a calm expression. Finn glanced up, momentarily surprised but quickly regaining his composure.

"What's going on?" I asked, keeping my tone light.

"We're still working on retrieving data from the phone," he replied, his eyes flickering back to the screen. "Whoever owns it has done a good job hiding their tracks, but we'll crack it eventually."

I forced a casual smile. "And you're sure it's worth all this effort?"

Finn looked at me, studying my face as if he could peel back my thoughts. "Absolutely. I don't like loose ends, especially ones that could bring trouble to our doorstep."

Bianca suddenly walked in, her eyes flicking between Finn and me before settling on me with a cold stare. She crossed her arms, clearly eager to interject.

"I was just telling Finn," she said, her tone laced with accusation, "that whoever owns this phone could be a threat to the clan. And since you're an outsider, Lia, don't you think it's wise to be a bit more cautious about what-or who-you bring around here?"

Her words were pointed, like small knives. I held her gaze, refusing to let her intimidation seep through.

"I'm marrying into this family tomorrow," I said smoothly, keeping my voice even. "And I'll do whatever it takes to protect Finn and everyone else here. So if you're implying something, Bianca, be direct."

Finn cleared his throat, stepping between us before Bianca could escalate things further. "That's enough," he said, casting Bianca a stern look. "We don't need to turn on each other. Lia is as invested in this as anyone else here."

Bianca looked away, lips pressed into a thin line, clearly irritated by Finn's response.

"Well," she said sharply, "just remember that not everyone who enters our lives has our best interests at heart." She threw one last glare my way before leaving the room.

As soon as she was gone, Finn turned back to me, his gaze softening. "Don't pay any attention to her. She'soverprotective."

I nodded, trying to play it off with a smile. "It's fine. I get it. She's family, after all."

He returned my smile, but his attention was already drifting back to the screen. "I'll be up late with this, so don't wait up," he said, his voice distracted.

I took the cue and left the room, forcing myself to keep my pace steady down the hall. Inside, my heart was racing. Bianca's suspicions were only growing, and with Finn so close to the truth, I felt like I was standing on thin ice. I'd made it this far, but I knew that from here on, every move would have to be perfect-or everything I'd built would shatter.


---

Bianca's POV 

Once I left the CCTV room, my mind was already plotting. Finn's blind faith in Lia was a threat-he couldn't see that his so-called fiancée was the true danger. And I was done watching him walk right into her trap.

I made my way down the hallway, pulling out my phone as I walked. My contact list popped up, and I scrolled down to Lex's number. Pressing "call," I waited, listening to the ring until he finally picked up.

"Bianca," he greeted, his voice low and familiar.

"We need to meet," I said sharply. "Tomorrow, first thing in the morning. There's something I need you to handle."

A brief silence passed, then he let out a chuckle. "I take it this is about your new sister-in-law?"

"She's nothing to me," I snapped, venom creeping into my tone. "But she's becoming a problem for Finn. He's too caught up in whatever spell she's woven around him. I want her gone, Lex. And fast."

"Interesting," he mused. "You think she's a spy?"

I glanced around, lowering my voice as I leaned against the wall. "I know she is. She doesn't belong here, and the sooner she's out of Finn's life, the better."

"Consider it done, Bianca," he replied smoothly. "Tomorrow, I'll handle everything. Just make sure no one traces it back to us."

I ended the call, satisfaction filling me. Soon enough, Lia would be out of the picture, and I'd have Finn back where he belonged: away from manipulative outsiders and devoted to the clan, where his loyalty should have always stayed.



120

Luca's POV 

The phone buzzed beside me, cutting through the early morning silence. Lex's name flashed on the screen, his call both expected and a bit early. I picked up, his familiar voice coming through before I could even say hello.

"Luca, it's time," he said, his tone clipped and serious. "We're meeting with Bianca and Jenny today to finalize everything."

"Where?" I asked, already reaching for my coat as I processed the details.

"There's a private room at the café near Benedicta's house. It'll be low-key," he said. "Eleven o'clock."

I nodded to myself, feeling a strange sense of calm settle over me. The plan had been in motion for a while now, each piece carefully set. This would be the final check, the last chance to cover any gaps.

"Understood," I replied, ending the call.

I dialed Lia's number right away, knowing she'd want to hear the update. The call rang twice before she picked up.

"Lia," I began, keeping my voice low. "Listen, I'm meeting with Lex and Bianca later, but I want us to meet right afterward. Come over to Benedicta's house around noon. There are some things we need to discuss."

I could sense her hesitation for a moment, but she eventually agreed, her voice steady. "I'll be there."

We ended the call, and I felt a fleeting pang of doubt. Finn was no fool, and Bianca was relentless. If anything went wrong, it wouldn't just be Lia in danger-it'd be all of us. But there was no turning back now. The stakes were too high, and too many of us were in too deep.

Taking a deep breath, I stepped out of the building and headed for the car park. The morning air was cool, the city just waking up, but my thoughts were already racing as I climbed into my car and started the engine.

As I drove, I reviewed everything once more in my head. Bianca's eagerness for this meeting, her insistence on taking Lia down-it all made sense, yet it felt like she was letting emotions cloud her judgment. And Lex was ruthless, but he needed to be in control. As long as I kept things balanced between them, this meeting would go smoothly.

Within minutes, I pulled into the parking lot, the café coming into view. I glanced at my watch-still a bit early. I took a steadying breath, knowing the next hour could either seal our success or doom everything.


---

Bianca's POV 

I sat in the secluded booth at the café, my eyes drifting to the door every few seconds. Jenny sat across from me, her fingers drumming against the tabletop, her expression one of thinly veiled impatience. Lex was the last to arrive, slipping into the booth with a quick nod.

"Good, you're both here," he said, taking his seat beside me. His gaze was sharp, assessing us both before getting down to business.

"This wedding tomorrow-it's our best shot," he said, his voice low and controlled. "We'll take Lia out when everyone's attention is on the ceremony."

Jenny nodded, her lips curving in a smirk. "You mean abduct her," she added with a glint of satisfaction in her eyes.

Lex leaned forward, his gaze narrowing. "Yes, but it has to be discreet. We can't have people asking questions, at least not until we're well out of there. Once we have her, it's game over for her and anyone trying to interfere."

I folded my arms, feeling a dark satisfaction settle over me. "Lia's become a problem, and Finn can't see it. He's blinded by whatever charm she's managed to weave around him. But once she's out of the picture, he'll come back to his senses. He'll see that she was never one of us."

Lex nodded, a faint smile touching his lips. "That's the plan. The wedding will be chaotic enough; no one will suspect a thing."

Jenny leaned forward, her voice a quiet hum of excitement. "I'll be handling the guests and keeping people occupied. By the time anyone realizes Lia's missing, we'll already have her stashed away."

I glanced at Lex, meeting his gaze. "And what about Finn? He'll turn the entire place upside down once he realizes she's gone."

"That's where you come in," Lex said, fixing his eyes on me. "You're family, Bianca. You'll keep him focused, keep him from spiraling out of control. We can't have him getting suspicious too soon, or this entire plan will fall apart."

I gave a curt nod. "I know Finn better than anyone. I'll make sure he doesn't catch on until it's too late."

A silence settled over the table, each of us letting the weight of the plan sink in. I could feel the tension simmering beneath the surface, the sense that everything we'd worked for was balancing on a razor's edge. But I wasn't about to let some outsider ruin everything. Not after all the years I'd spent keeping Finn safe, keeping the family strong.

"Then it's settled," Lex said finally, standing up. "Tomorrow, during the wedding, Lia will disappear. We'll do what's necessary, and Finn will come to his senses. Agreed?"

Jenny and I both nodded, our gazes meeting with a shared understanding. This was the moment we'd been waiting for.

As Lex left the table, Jenny lingered a moment, her gaze flickering toward me. "You're sure about this, Bianca? If something goes wrong"

"Nothing will go wrong," I replied sharply, cutting her off. "Lia has been a thorn in our side for too long. This is our chance to set things right."

Jenny nodded, her expression softening with a glint of approval. "Then I'll see you tomorrow."

She slipped away, leaving me alone at the table. I watched her go, the reality of the plan settling over me like a shroud. Tomorrow, Lia would be out of our lives, and Finn would finally understand the truth.

He may hate me for it at first, but I'd rather be hated than let him fall victim to someone as dangerous as Lia.



121

Lia's POV 

As I walked down the quiet street toward Benedicta's house, a shadow lingered at the edge of my vision, too familiar to ignore. I knew Finn had someone following me; he'd been testing me for days now, trying to catch any hint that I might be hiding something. I could almost feel his eyes, watching from somewhere far behind, questioning my every move. Part of me wanted to turn around, to catch this follower in the act and confront them head-on, but I knew better. Let them watch, let them wonder. It didn't change my plans, not now.

I reached Benedicta's door and knocked lightly, my mind replaying Luca's instructions. Meet me after the wedding it had sounded easy enough, but Finn's surveillance was making everything twice as complicated. If he suspected anything more than he already did, it wouldn't just be me in trouble; Luca, too, would be caught up in his web. I took a deep breath as Benedicta opened the door, her face lighting up with a small, welcoming smile.

"Lia, it's good to see you," she greeted, stepping aside to let me in.

I returned her smile, grateful for a moment of calm. "You too, Benedicta," I said, following her inside. The house felt warm and comforting, a rare refuge from the whirlwind of secrets I'd been caught up in lately.

We settled into the cozy living room, where the faint scent of freshly brewed tea hung in the air. Benedicta poured a cup for each of us, and I took a moment to gather my thoughts. I needed answers and reassurance that things were still under control. The plan had felt so clear before, but now with Finn watching so closely, I couldn't shake the uneasy feeling gnawing at the back of my mind.

"Benedicta," I began, keeping my voice steady, "do you know why Luca called me here? Why does he want to meet?"

Benedicta shook her head, her expression thoughtful. "He didn't give me any specifics. Just that he needed to speak with you about the plan, to make sure everything was still on track."

I frowned, my fingers tapping against the side of my cup. "Finn's been watching me closely he even had me followed on my way here. It's clear he doesn't trust me-not yet, anyway."

Benedicta nodded, her gaze softening with understanding. "Finn's a cautious man. He's always looking for the truth, even if it means doubting the people closest to him. Don't let it discourage you, Lia. He just needs time."

I sighed, running a hand through my hair. "It's not just about time. He's trying to figure out why I want this marriage so badly, why I'm pushing for it now of all times. He's suspicious, and I can't blame him."

Benedicta placed a reassuring hand on my arm. "Remember, you're doing this for a reason, and Luca knows that. Whatever Finn may think, he'll come to understand in time. Luca wouldn't call you here if he didn't have a plan in mind."

I bit my lip, my mind still racing with questions. "It's just the phone," I said, my voice dropping. "Finn's been fixated on finding out who left it at the gate, who the owner might be. If he finds out it's connected to Luca"

Benedicta's eyes flickered with concern, but she maintained her calm. "Don't worry about the phone. Luca's made it clear that he'll handle everything on his end. He wouldn't let anything happen that would jeopardize the plan."

I nodded, trying to take comfort in her words, though a part of me still felt unsettled. Every time I thought we were one step ahead, Finn seemed to close the gap, always just a breath away from uncovering everything.

Benedicta offered a small, encouraging smile. "Remember, Lia, we've come this far. You're stronger than you realize, and you've managed to keep Finn in the dark up to this point. Just hold on a little longer. Luca has everything under control, and soon, Finn's suspicions will be the least of your worries."

I smiled, grateful for her support. "You're right. I just need to focus and stay one step ahead."

Benedicta patted my hand, her gaze filled with warmth and determination. "Exactly. And whatever happens, just remember that you have people who believe in you. Luca, me we're with you."

A sense of calm washed over me as I took her words to heart. Despite the tension, despite Finn's doubts and the ever-present shadow following me, I felt a renewed sense of purpose. This wasn't just about me anymore; it was about everyone who'd placed their trust in me and who believed that I could pull this off.

We sat in comfortable silence for a moment, each lost in our own thoughts. I could feel the weight of what lay ahead, the delicate dance of deception and trust, the high stakes that seemed to grow with every passing day. But for now, I had what I needed-a plan, a purpose, and, most importantly, a small glimmer of hope that, somehow, everything would work out.

As I stood to leave, Benedicta gave me a firm nod. "Stay strong, Lia. Tomorrow is the start of something new, and you'll be ready for whatever comes."

I smiled, grateful beyond words.

____

Luca's POV 

I arrived at the dimly lit warehouse, the kind of place where shadows felt at home, merging with the darkness and keeping secrets. Lex was already waiting, leaning casually against a pillar with an air of confidence. He straightened up as I approached, his expression serious and his gaze unflinching.

"Luca," he greeted with a curt nod.

"Lex," I replied, mirroring his tone. There wasn't time for pleasantries; we both knew this meeting was about something far more pressing.

He cut right to the chase. "Jenny and Bianca are planning to act soon. They want Lia out of the picture, and they're not wasting any time."

A surge of irritation sparked inside me. I had expected something from Bianca eventually, but not so soon, and certainly not with Jenny involved. "What exactly is their plan?" I asked, my tone sharp.

Lex sighed, glancing away for a moment. "They want to use the wedding as an opportunity to remove Lia. Bianca has this idea to abduct her right after the ceremony, make it look like she disappeared on her own, or like she's involved in something shady. It's all about planting doubts and breaking Finn's trust."

I clenched my fists, feeling the weight of the situation pressing down on me. If Bianca got her way, everything I'd carefully set in motion would come crashing down. Lia was integral to my plan; she needed to be right there by Finn's side, gaining his trust, not vanishing and leaving questions in her wake.

"That's not going to happen," I said firmly. "You need to make sure they don't act on any of these plans."

Lex arched a brow, his curiosity piqued. "And how exactly do you want me to handle it?"

I took a deep breath, choosing my words carefully. "For now, keep them in check. Let Bianca and Jenny believe they still have the upper hand. I need you to hold off on any actions until I give you a clear signal. If they feel like they're being watched too closely, they might get suspicious or change tactics."

Lex seemed to consider this, crossing his arms as he looked at me. "So you want me to keep them on a leash, but not stop them completely?"

"Exactly," I replied. "Let them think everything is going as planned. They'll be less likely to make impulsive moves if they think they're still in control. But at the same time, be ready to intervene the moment I say so. Nothing happens unless I give the order."

Lex gave a slow nod, understanding dawning in his expression. "You know, they're not going to take it well if they realize I'm in your pocket."

I smirked, a hint of satisfaction slipping through. "That's a risk I'm willing to take. You're in a unique position, Lex. You know both sides, and that gives us an advantage. Use it wisely."

He seemed to weigh my words before finally nodding again. "Understood. I'll play along and keep them on a leash. But, Luca this is dangerous. One wrong move and this could blow up in our faces."

I met his gaze, holding it with a calm assurance. "I know the stakes, Lex. But that's why we're doing this carefully. We've come too far to let Bianca ruin it all with her petty schemes. Lia has a role to play, and as long as she's in position, things will go as planned."

Lex looked at me, his expression a mix of respect and wariness. "Fine. I'll hold them off for now. Just make sure you know what you're doing. Bianca's not one to cross lightly, and she's got her sights set on Lia."

"I'll handle Bianca if it comes to that," I assured him. "Just remember-wait for my signal. Nothing moves without it."

With that, Lex nodded one last time and walked off, his silhouette quickly blending into the shadows. As I watched him disappear, I felt a grim satisfaction settle over me. Bianca might think she's smart, but she didn't know how many steps ahead I already was. As long as everything went according to plan, this game was mine to win.



122

Lia's POV 

I sat in Benedicta's cozy living room, the warmth of her home calming the unease simmering in my chest. I tried to focus on the conversation, but my mind kept wandering back to the events of the past few days. I couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching me, that every move I made was under a microscope. Finn had to be behind it, of course. He was testing me, trying to see if my intentions were genuine. But did he realize how close he was to the truth?

Benedicta noticed my distracted expression and placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Lia, don't let it get to you," she said gently. "You're doing everything you can. Remember, this isn't just for you-it's for everyone relying on you. Don't let Bianca or anyone else intimidate you."

I nodded, grateful for her support. Before I could respond, the sound of the front door opening pulled both our gazes toward the entryway. Luca walked in, his face set in a calm, unreadable mask. As he entered the room, I felt a mix of relief and apprehension. I needed answers, but I wasn't sure I was ready for what he might say.

"Luca," I greeted, standing up. "Why did you ask me to come here?"

He offered a small, reassuring smile before he glanced briefly at Benedicta. "I think it's time we talked about everything," he said, his tone steady. He gestured for me to sit back down, and as I did, he took a seat across from me, leaning forward with a serious expression.

"Lia," he began, "things are happening behind the scenes that you need to be aware of, but you have to act like you know nothing. Bianca and Jenny have been planning something ever since they learned about your engagement to Finn. They think you're in their way, and they're not afraid to play dirty to get you out of the picture."

The weight of his words sank in, and I felt a chill run down my spine. I knew Bianca had her issues with me, but this was more than I'd expected. "What are they planning?" I asked, barely managing to keep my voice steady.

Luca glanced around as if making sure we were alone. "They're planning to use your wedding as an opportunity. They want to take you away and and create enough chaos to break any trust Finn might have in you. If they can make him doubt you, it'll be easier for them to get rid of you for good."

My heart pounded as his words settled in. "So, they want to ruin everything by making me look like a traitor," I murmured, piecing it together. "If Finn thinks I'm hiding something or working against him, it'll be all over."

Luca nodded. "That's exactly their goal. But here's the thing: they're working with Lex, who's giving me updates on their plans. He's on our side for now, but you'll need to tread carefully. They can't know you're aware of any of this."

I took a deep breath, trying to steady my thoughts. "So what do I do?"

"You keep going as if everything is normal," Luca replied, his voice firm. "Don't act differently around Finn, Bianca, or anyone else. Make them believe that you're oblivious. And be careful with Finn. He's already suspicious, watching your every move. The slightest slip-up could give them exactly what they want."

"Trust me, I know he's watching," I muttered. "He's had someone following me since we got engaged. It's like he's waiting for me to prove him right."

Luca leaned closer, his expression more intense. "That's why you can't give him any reason to doubt you. Stick to the plan, and when you're with Finn, make it clear that you're serious about this marriage. The more he believes in your loyalty, the harder it'll be for Bianca and Jenny to undermine you."

I glanced at Benedicta, who gave me a reassuring nod. "He's right, Lia," she said gently. "Stay calm, keep your composure, and don't let them see any fear or hesitation. Remember, you're not alone in this."

I looked back at Luca, feeling a new resolve settling over me. "Fine. I'll act like I don't know a thing. But I need to be ready if they decide to make a move sooner than we expect."

Luca nodded approvingly. "Good. And remember, Lex will be keeping an eye on Bianca and Jenny. If anything changes, I'll get the information to you as soon as possible. Just stay cautious."

"Understood." I looked down for a moment, gathering my thoughts, before looking back at him. "One more thing, Luca. Why are you helping me with all of this? What do you get out of it?"

A hint of a smile played on his lips. "Let's just say I have my own reasons for wanting to see this play out in your favor. There are people in this world who think they can control everything. Bianca is one of them, but she's about to learn that she's not as untouchable as she thinks."

As his words hung in the air, I felt a surge of confidence. Maybe I wasn't as isolated as I'd thought. With allies like Luca and Benedicta, I stood a chance of navigating this maze of deceit and coming out unscathed.

I stood up, giving him a firm nod. "Thank you, Luca. I'll be ready."

With that, I left Benedicta's house, feeling the weight of his words settle into determination. If Bianca and Jenny thought they could ruin everything, they were in for a surprise.

___

Jenny's POV 

Jenny leaned back in her chair, a smug grin spreading across her face as Bianca paced the small room. They had been going over every detail of their plan for days, and the sense of satisfaction bubbling inside her was hard to contain. "So, once Finn suspects Lia, it's only a matter of time before he starts questioning her motives," she murmured, pleased with how everything was coming together.

Bianca paused and looked at Jenny with a gleam in her eye. "Exactly. Finn's always been cautious, and with enough nudging, he'll see her for the threat she is. And once he doubts her, he'll throw her out himself. We won't have to lift a finger."

The two shared a triumphant smile, imagining the chaos they would unleash. Just then, the door swung open, and Alina strode in with a look of cold determination. The air shifted as her sharp gaze fixed on Bianca, clearly unimpressed with their plotting.

"You should stay away from Finn, Bianca," Alina said, her tone icy. "Or else you might just vanish. And trust me, no one will care enough to look for you."

Bianca's eyes narrowed, the initial shock quickly turning to irritation. "This doesn't concern you, Alina," she sneered, trying to mask her discomfort. "Why don't you just stay out of it? You have no idea what's really going on here."

Alina took a step closer, crossing her arms as a smirk spread across her face. "Oh, I know exactly what's going on," she said, her voice low but firm. "You're scheming against Finn, using Jenny here to carry out your pathetic little plot. You think you can manipulate him, make him doubt Lia, and get rid of her in one sweep. It's transparent and weak, Bianca."

Jenny bristled, feeling the sting of Alina's words but unwilling to back down. She exchanged a quick glance with Bianca, unsure of how they would handle Alina's unexpected intrusion. Bianca, however, met Alina's stare with defiance.

"Get out," Bianca hissed, her voice trembling slightly. "This isn't your concern. Go run along and play the loyal little sister elsewhere."

Alina laughed softly, shaking her head as if Bianca's words were nothing more than a minor irritation. "You think you're untouchable, Bianca, but you're just another pawn in this game, whether you realize it or not. And don't think I haven't heard about your so-called plan. It's laughable that you think it will actually work."

The smugness drained from Bianca's face, replaced by a flicker of uncertainty. Alina's confidence, the way she seemed to know every detail of their scheme, unnerved her. Before Bianca could respond, Alina turned on her heel and strode toward the door.

Pausing in the doorway, Alina cast one last glance over her shoulder. "Good luck with your little scheme," she said with a mocking smile. "Let's see if it really comes to pass, or if you two just end up embarrassing yourselves."

With that, she walked out, leaving Jenny and Bianca in stunned silence. For a moment, neither of them moved, the tension in the room thickening as they processed Alina's words. Jenny felt a chill run down her spine, the doubt creeping in despite her best efforts to brush it off.

"Do you think she'll try to stop us?" Jenny asked quietly, unable to mask the worry in her voice.

Bianca clenched her fists, jaw tightening. "Let her try. She's bluffing, Jenny. Alina doesn't have the power to stop us, not if we stick to the plan. We just need to be careful, keep everything under wraps, and make sure we control what Finn sees. Alina's just trying to scare us off."

Jenny nodded, though Alina's warning lingered in her mind, gnawing at her confidence. She wanted to believe Bianca, to trust that Alina's words were nothing more than an empty threat. But as they returned to their planning, a small part of her couldn't shake the feeling that Alina might be more dangerous than they had realized.



123

Bianca's POV 

Bianca's mind was racing, and she could still feel the lingering impact of Alina's words, each one like a barb poking at her confidence. For the first time, doubt slipped through the cracks in her carefully constructed plan. She glanced at Jenny, who looked just as shaken, her eyes darting toward the door as if expecting Alina to burst back in at any moment.

"Do you think she's onto us?" Jenny whispered, breaking the tense silence. Her voice was laced with fear and confusion. "Did she follow us, Bianca? How did she find out?"

Bianca swallowed, her thoughts scrambled. Alina had been so sure of herself, so calm. And the way she'd warned Bianca It wasn't an empty threat. She could tell Alina knew something, but how much?

"I don't know," Bianca muttered, her voice shaking slightly. She tried to mask it, but Jenny wasn't fooled. "But if Alina's onto us, it means she could have been watching our every move. We might be underestimating her."

Jenny's eyes widened. "Then what about Lex? He's supposed to handle Lia at the wedding tomorrow. If Alina is watching, it's only a matter of time before she warns Finn."

Panic surged in Bianca. They'd spent so long planning every detail, and now everything seemed to be unraveling. Alina's sudden appearance left her feeling exposed. They couldn't afford to be reckless now, not with the wedding so close.

Bianca's gaze shot to her phone. "We need to reach Lex. If there's even a chance Alina's onto us, we have to tell him to stop. Just until we can get everything back under control."

She dialed Lex's number, her fingers trembling slightly as she pressed the phone to her ear. It rang once, twice-then clicked over to voicemail. Frustration bubbled inside her as she tried again, with the same result. "His line isn't going through," she muttered angrily, trying to keep her voice steady. "This isn't good."

Jenny's hands fidgeted nervously, her face mirroring Bianca's worry. "What if he still goes through with it tomorrow? We can't have him do anything rash if Alina is watching. This is too risky, Bianca."

Bianca clenched her jaw, forcing herself to think clearly. "We need to make sure Lex doesn't act without knowing the full situation. If Alina's really spying on us, we'll be in deep trouble if Lex does anything tomorrow. But how are we supposed to contact him if he's ignoring our calls?"

Jenny's face paled. "You said you know him well, right? You can find him, or at least know someone who can reach him?"

Bianca hesitated, a flash of uncertainty crossing her face. "I don't know him as well as I made it seem. He's just someone I met randomly who seemed interested in working with us. But I don't know his circle or his habits well enough to track him down."

Jenny's face fell, her anxiety growing with each word. "Bianca, this is serious. We need someone who can get through to him and tell him to hold off. If Lex goes forward with the plan during the wedding, it's all over for us. Alina's probably already keeping an eye on everything we do."

Bianca clenched her fists, pushing down the rising panic. She had to stay calm, stay focused. "We don't have time to second-guess, Jenny. We're getting an investigator. Someone discreet, who can track Lex down and stop him before he goes through with anything. I don't care what it costs-we can't let him jeopardize our plan."

Jenny nodded, pulling her phone out and scrolling through her contacts. "I know someone reliable, someone who can keep things quiet and work fast. We'll have them look into Lex's whereabouts and get him a message if they can't find him directly."

As Jenny made the call, Bianca sat back, her thoughts swirling. The pieces of their plan felt like they were slipping out of her hands, and all because of Alina. She could barely contain the anger rising within her. Alina had no right to meddle in something that didn't concern her.

Jenny ended the call, looking back at Bianca. "They'll start immediately. They promised to keep it discreet, and they'll let us know if they find anything."

Bianca forced herself to nod, though the knot in her stomach only tightened. "Good. We need to be ready for anything tomorrow. If Alina is really onto us, she won't make it easy. We just have to stay one step ahead."

But despite her own words, Bianca couldn't shake the dread that had settled deep in her chest. For the first time, she felt the gravity of the game they were playing. If Alina managed to expose them or warned Finn in time, everything would crumble. She couldn't afford to fail-not now.

"We'll get through this," Jenny murmured, though her voice held a trace of doubt. "As long as Lex doesn't mess things up tomorrow, we'll still have control."

Bianca tried to convince herself of the same, though the shadow of Alina's warning lingered in her mind. The feeling of being watched, of knowing someone was already a step ahead, was unnerving. But she couldn't let that stop her-not when she was so close to finally seeing Lia gone.



124

Lia's POV 

As I stepped through the front doors, the grandeur of Finn's estate felt even more imposing tonight. Everything seemed amplified, and for once, the place that I'd become so familiar with felt foreign like I was walking into a well-laid trap. But I pushed the thoughts aside as I reminded myself that tonight wasn't just any night-it was the dinner party, an engagement party of sorts.

After slipping off my shoes, I headed to my room and began preparing for the evening. I picked out a satin dress in deep emerald green that hugged my curves and had an elegant sweep along the floor. The color was bold but refined, exactly the sort of look that Finn liked to see on me. As I was adjusting the neckline, I heard a gentle knock on the door.

"Come in," I called, thinking it was one of the house staff.

Finn stepped inside, looking impossibly polished in a tailored black suit that made his figure even more imposing. In his hands, he held a small, velvet box. He gave me a half-smile, his usual intensity softened just a bit.

"I brought you something for tonight," he said, his voice low as he stepped closer. He opened the box, revealing a breathtaking diamond necklace that caught the light from every angle. The stones sparkled brilliantly, each cut into flawless gems, and I couldn't help but gasp a little.

"It's beautiful," I managed, my fingers brushing over the diamonds as he lifted them from the box.

Without a word, he reached behind me and fastened the necklace around my neck. His fingers were steady, but his gaze was intense, as though he were trying to read my thoughts. Once he was done, I caught his eyes in the mirror, and for a moment, we both just stood there, silent.

"There," he said, voice gruff. "Now you're ready."

With one last lingering glance, he left, and I took a deep breath, trying to settle my nerves. Everything about tonight felt off, and I couldn't shake the feeling that I was walking a fine line between worlds, my loyalties split, with secrets on all sides.

When I descended the stairs, the hall was already filled with people. The decorations were elegant, with muted lighting casting a warm glow over the room. I spotted Benedicta near the entrance, waving at me, and I felt an immediate wave of relief. Her presence grounded me; she was a reminder of what I was fighting for, and her support meant everything.

As the evening unfolded, I noticed how everyone seemed engrossed in their own world, whispering behind glasses of champagne, clinking glasses, and sharing warm smiles. Yet, there was a tension in the air, one that I couldn't quite place. Every so often, I caught sight of Alina moving in and out of the hall. She looked more intense than usual, her gaze darting to various corners of the room.

More unsettling, however, was the way Bianca and Jenny seemed on edge. Their laughter was forced, their smiles brittle, and every few minutes, they'd exchange hurried glances that held a mixture of anxiety and dread. They were nervous, and that worried me.

Finally, I slipped away, pretending I needed a moment outside for air. I ducked into a quiet hallway, far from the bustling hall, and quickly dialed Luca's number. He picked up almost instantly as if he'd been waiting for my call.

"Lia?" he asked, his tone immediately serious.

"Yes. I wanted to tell you something strange is going on. Alina's acting suspiciously, coming in and out of the hall. And Bianca and Jenny-they look nervous. I think they're up to something. I just wanted to make sure we're not walking into any surprises," I whispered, casting a glance around me to ensure no one could overhear.

There was a pause, and then Luca's voice softened, soothing yet firm. "Don't worry, Lia. Everything is under control. I've made arrangements for anything they might try. Stick to the plan, and don't let them see you're nervous."

His words calmed me, and I let out a shaky breath. "Are you sure?" I asked.

"Absolutely. I have eyes on them, and I'll know if anything changes. Just go back in there and act like tonight is exactly what it should be. The less they suspect, the better."

After a beat, I nodded to myself, despite him not being able to see it. "All right, I trust you, Luca. But stay close, okay?"

"I will," he promised, and with that, we hung up.

I straightened, smoothing out the folds of my dress and steadying my breathing. Luca's reassurance lingered in my mind as I made my way back to the hall. I slipped inside, doing my best to look at ease, and found Benedicta waiting for me. She gave me a small smile, oblivious to the undercurrents pulsing through the room. For her, tonight was nothing more than an engagement party, a new beginning. I held onto that image, hoping it would carry me through.

As the night went on, I tried to stay engaged in conversations, nodding and smiling in all the right places. Alina's frequent disappearances and Bianca's stolen glances toward me still prickled my nerves, but I kept Luca's words in mind. I stayed composed, unbothered, exactly what they didn't expect. This was just the beginning, I reminded myself.

And as I sipped my champagne, casting a casual look across the room, I knew I was playing a delicate game. A game that only I-and perhaps Luca-could understand.

___

Luca's POV 

I walked briskly to my car, tension knotting in my stomach. Lex was supposed to check in with me this morning, but all I got was radio silence. Something was off, and I needed answers.

Sliding into the driver's seat, I dialed his number as I started the car. It rang and rang, but no answer. My fingers tapped against the steering wheel impatiently as I drove toward the last place we'd met. I dialed again, feeling a sense of dread creeping in. If Lex had been involved with Bianca and Jenny's plans, anything could have happened.

Finally, the call connected. I opened my mouth to speak, but before I could say anything, the unmistakable sound of gunfire exploded from the other end. My heart dropped. There was no mistaking it-Lex was in trouble, or worse.

The line went dead. My hands tightened around the steering wheel as I tried to process what had just happened. Who would take out Lex? And why now, right when we needed him to keep Bianca and Jenny's plans from spiraling out of control?

I gritted my teeth, forcing myself to stay calm as I sped toward the meeting place. Lex might not have been a saint, but he was a necessary piece in our plan, and whoever took him out clearly knew what they were doing. This changed everything.

As I pulled into the empty lot where we'd last met, a strange silence hung over the place. I scanned the area, half expecting to see a shadow move or a flash of a weapon. But there was nothing-only the eerie quiet as if the whole place was holding its breath.

I got out of the car, my senses on high alert. My mind was racing with questions. Had Lex betrayed me, or had someone else gotten to him before he could relay any vital information? Either way, I knew one thing for certain-someone was making moves, and they were closer than I'd realized.

The plans we'd carefully set in motion now seemed like they were hanging by a thread. With Lex gone, I'd lost an essential link to Bianca's inner circle, and now, there was no one to monitor her plans directly. I couldn't be everywhere at once, but I'd have to act fast to keep everything from collapsing.

I got back into my car, dialing Lia's number. If anything, she had to know what was going on. I couldn't let her walk into a trap, not when it was clear we were up against someone ruthless.

As the phone rang, I kept my gaze on the road ahead, eyes scanning every movement, every shadow. Tonight was the engagement party, but now, it felt like a countdown to something far darker.

Lia picked up. "Luca?" Her voice was soft, uncertain.

"Listen carefully," I said, voice low. "Lex is gone. Something happened, and I don't know who's responsible yet. Just keep your guard up tonight. Don't let anyone catch you off balance."

A long pause, and then, "Understood."



125

Lia's POV 

As I made my way through the elegant crowd, I couldn't shake the feeling of anxiety clawing at my chest. The engagement party was in full swing, with laughter and music filling the air, but my mind was miles away, focused on the ominous phone call I'd had with Luca. The uncertainty surrounding Lex's fate left a knot of dread in my stomach. It was all I could do to keep a calm face in front of the guests.

Benedicta, ever so perceptive, leaned over and placed a comforting hand on my arm. "Lia, you seem on edge tonight. Is something bothering you?" she asked, her voice soft but firm.

I took a shaky breath, realizing I couldn't keep this from her. She was like a mother to me, and if anyone could help me, it was her. "Benedicta, Luca called me earlier," I whispered, glancing around to make sure no one was listening. "He said Lex is missing. He heard gunshots on the line, and he thinks something terrible has happened."

Her eyes widened slightly, but she kept her composure. "Oh, Lia," she murmured, her hand squeezing mine. "You're worried that this is more than a simple disappearance."

I nodded, feeling the weight of it all crashing down on me. "Yes and there's more. Ever since I arrived tonight, I've noticed Jenny and Bianca acting strange. They're restless, whispering to each other, constantly looking over their shoulders. I have this gut feeling that they know something about what happened to Lex."

Benedicta's gaze was calm and calculating. She gave me a reassuring smile but shook her head. "Lia, listen to me carefully. Don't jump to conclusions. I know you're worried, and I don't doubt your instincts, but sometimes our fears can lead us down the wrong path. Leave this to Luca. He's already working to get to the bottom of it. The best thing you can do now is focus on tonight and act as though nothing is wrong."

I let her words sink in, knowing she was right. Benedicta always had a way of grounding me, of keeping me from letting my emotions get the better of me. I forced myself to take a deep breath, letting the tension in my shoulders release just a little.

Just then, Finn approached us, a warm smile on his face. "Benedicta," he greeted her, taking her hand respectfully. "It's a pleasure to have you here tonight. You did a remarkable job raising Lia. She's strong, intelligent, and everything I could hope for in a partner."

Benedicta returned his smile, clearly pleased by his praise. "Thank you, Finn. Lia is like a daughter to me, and I'm thrilled she's found someone who appreciates her qualities. I can see you're both a good match."

A hint of pride touched my heart at her words, but the underlying tension remained. Finn and Benedicta exchanged a few more pleasantries before he excused himself to mingle with the other guests, leaving us alone again.

As soon as he was out of earshot, I turned back to Benedicta, the knot in my stomach tightening. "I don't know how to explain it, but something feels off about Jenny and Bianca. They're hiding something, and I feel like it's connected to what happened to Lex. Every time I look at them, they seem nervous, like they're waiting for something to happen."

Benedicta regarded me thoughtfully, her expression unreadable. "Lia, you may be right, but jumping to confront them could put you at risk. Bianca, especially, is not someone to underestimate. Let Luca handle it. He knows what he's doing, and he won't let anything happen to you."

I hesitated, chewing my lip as I considered her advice. "I understand, but waiting around, pretending everything is normal it's not easy."

She placed a gentle hand on my shoulder. "I know, but trust me. Luca has his ways, and he'll keep you safe. You have to play the part tonight, Lia. Don't let anyone suspect that you're worried. Blend in, smile, and let Luca do the heavy lifting."

Taking a deep breath, I nodded, feeling a renewed sense of resolve. Benedicta was right. Luca was handling it, and I had to trust that he knew what he was doing. For now, I needed to focus on the engagement and let my suspicions lie.

As the evening wore on, I kept an eye on Bianca and Jenny from a distance. Their behavior hadn't changed-Jenny kept whispering to Bianca, and Bianca's gaze darted around the room as if she were expecting someone to approach her at any moment. They were definitely hiding something, but what?

Suddenly, I felt a warm hand on my shoulder. I turned to see Benedicta smiling at me, her eyes kind but filled with a silent reminder to keep calm. "Lia, remember what we talked about. Breathe, and focus on the night."

I forced myself to smile back at her, nodding as I tried to push my worries aside. She was right. Tonight was too important to let my anxiety show. With a deep breath, I pulled my shoulders back, determined to face the night with confidence.

Later, as I moved through the crowd, I slipped out onto the balcony for a moment to gather my thoughts. I reached for my phone, dialing Luca's number. When he picked up, his voice was low and calm. "Lia?"

"They're here, Luca. Jenny and Bianca are acting strange. I feel like they're on edge almost as if they know about Lex," I whispered.

Luca's response was measured. "Everything is under control, Lia. Don't let them suspect you know anything. Stay calm, and go back inside. I'll take care of it."

His reassurance brought me a sense of calm, and I thanked him before hanging up. Tucking my phone away, I took one last deep breath, steeling myself to return to the party.

As I re-entered the hall, I noticed Benedicta's approving smile. She had been right about everything. For now, I would follow her advice and stay focused on the night. I'd let Luca do his work, and I'd do mine: act like the perfect fiancée and leave my suspicions hidden-at least, for now.



126

Jenny's POV 

The engagement party felt like it was closing in on us. Bianca and I could barely sit still after Alina's cryptic warning earlier. She knew about our plan, and the look in her eyes said she was far from done with us. The idea of staying here, surrounded by people who might catch on to our plans, was unbearable. We exchanged nervous glances, silently agreeing to slip out. We needed to see Lex, regroup, and figure out what to do now that Alina was in the loop.

As we sneaked toward the exit, glancing over our shoulders every few steps, the cool night air hit us like a wake-up call, and I felt a small rush of relief. But just as we reached the car, I heard a voice behind us. "And where do you think you're going?"

We both spun around to see Alina standing a few feet away, her arms crossed, a smirk pulling at the corners of her lips. The way she looked at us was unnerving, her eyes practically daring us to answer.

"The party's not over," she said casually. "Shouldn't you be inside?"

Bianca shot her a venomous look. "Mind your business, Alina. I'm warning you-don't push us."

Alina chuckled, the sound low and mocking. "You're warning me? I'm curious, Bianca exactly how do you plan to make good on that threat?"

I felt Bianca tense beside me, but before she could say something she'd regret, I grabbed her arm and pulled her toward the car. "Let's go, Bianca. She's not worth it."

Alina's laughter followed us as we got into the car, but I forced myself to ignore it, shutting the door firmly behind us. As soon as we were inside, I shot Bianca a look that hopefully conveyed the urgency of the situation. She exhaled sharply, shaking her head as we pulled out of the driveway.

The drive to Lex's place was silent, the tension between us thick. Every now and then, I'd catch Bianca fidgeting or muttering to herself. I couldn't shake the unease Alina's words had stirred in me, and the fact that she seemed to know so much unnerved me. But right now, we needed to focus on Lex.

When we pulled up to Lex's house, something felt off. The front door was slightly ajar, swaying gently as if someone had entered before us. I exchanged a worried glance with Bianca. This wasn't like Lex at all-he was always careful about security, especially with the stakes so high.

"Did he leave the door open?" Bianca whispered, her voice barely audible.

I shook my head. "Let's just get inside and find out what's going on."

As we stepped inside, an unpleasant smell hit us immediately. The place was eerily silent, with an odd stillness in the air. Every instinct in me screamed that something was wrong, but we pressed forward, moving down the hallway that led to the bathroom.

When we reached the door, Bianca pushed it open slowly. What we saw inside made my stomach drop.

There, in the bathtub, was Lex. His body was sprawled out in the water, motionless, his skin pale and sickly. The once-clear water had turned murky, and an overpowering stench filled the room. It was obvious he'd been dead for a while.

Bianca clamped a hand over her mouth, her eyes wide with horror. I could feel my own heart hammering against my chest, my mind barely processing what I was seeing. Lex gone? How?

"We need to get out of here," I whispered, tugging on Bianca's arm.

Just as we turned to leave, a sudden flash lit up the hallway, casting brief shadows across our bodies. We froze, dread pooling in the pit of my stomach.

"Did you see that?" Bianca whispered, her voice trembling.

I nodded, scanning the area around us. It felt like someone was watching us, but the hallway was empty. There were no footsteps, no sign of anyone nearby. Yet the flash had been real, unmistakable, like a camera snapping photos.

"Come on, let's go," I hissed, pulling Bianca with me as we stumbled back through the hall and out the front door. My nerves were frayed, every sound amplified as if someone was following us. We practically ran to the car, our breaths coming in short, panicked bursts.

Once inside, Bianca locked the doors, her face pale and terrified. She glanced around, her eyes darting from one side of the street to the other as if expecting someone to step out from the shadows. "Jenny do you think someone's following us? Taking pictures?"

"I don't know," I replied, my voice barely above a whisper. "But we need to get out of here. Now."

Bianca didn't need any more convincing. She started the car, and we peeled away from Lex's house, the tires screeching as we sped down the road. My heart was still pounding, my mind racing with questions. Who could have been taking those pictures? Was it Alina? Had she somehow followed us?

Bianca gripped the wheel tightly, her knuckles white. "Jenny what are we going to do?"

"I don't know," I replied honestly, staring out the window, half-expecting to see a car following us. "But this changes everything. We need to figure out who's behind this."

Bianca took a shaky breath, glancing at me. "Do you think it was Alina? Could she have set this up?"

"It's possible," I admitted, though I couldn't be sure. Alina knew something, and she'd already made it clear that she was onto us. But could she really have gone this far?

The idea of Alina orchestrating this felt far-fetched, yet nothing seemed impossible at this point. We were dealing with someone who had no problem crossing boundaries.

As we drove back toward the main part of town, Bianca's phone rang. She picked it up, her hands shaking slightly. But when she saw the caller ID, her face went pale, and she quickly declined the call.

"Who was it?" I asked, my pulse quickening.

"An unknown number," she whispered, her voice thick with fear. "Jenny what if it's them?"

We both fell silent, the weight of Lex's death and the unsettling flash at his house pressing heavily on us. Whatever was happening, we were in far deeper than we'd ever intended. And now, more than ever, it felt like someone was pulling the strings in ways we couldn't see or control.



129

Luca's POV 

The city lights blurred past as I gripped the steering wheel, my thoughts racing as I headed toward Lex's place. Lex was dead. Not just dead-taken out. The guy had his share of enemies, but this? This was no random hit. Someone was making a point, and I'd heard it loud and clear. They wanted Lex silenced, and now they'd have everyone he worked with looking over their shoulders.

I killed the headlights as I turned onto his street, parking a few blocks away. If whoever did this was still lurking, I didn't want to be the next easy target. The night air was heavy, and every shadow seemed to watch as I made my way toward his apartment building, my senses on high alert. The whole place was quiet, almost too quiet.

I reached his door and noticed it was slightly ajar, the lock busted. Whoever had done this wasn't interested in covering their tracks. I pushed the door open, my pulse hammering as I stepped inside, gun drawn. The place reeked of metal and stale air, an all-too-familiar scent. I knew what I'd find even before I saw him, lying there in the tub, eyes wide open and lifeless.

I swallowed hard, keeping my emotions locked tight. Lex may not have been the most reliable, but he didn't deserve this. It was brutal-a calculated move meant to send fear rippling through everyone who crossed paths with him. I'd seen scenes like this before, but this time, it felt personal. And whoever did this wanted it to feel that way.

"Damn it, Lex," I muttered under my breath. He'd warned me-said something about Jenny and Bianca having their hands in something big. I'd brushed him off, chalking it up to paranoia. Now, I wasn't so sure.

I moved through the apartment, keeping my eyes peeled for anything that might give me a lead. Lex wasn't the type to leave incriminating evidence lying around, but maybe, just maybe, he'd stashed something useful. I rummaged through drawers, checked under tables, and even peered behind his old bookshelf. Nothing. Whoever had done this had been thorough.

Just as I was about to give up, I caught sight of a small, red light blinking in the corner near the ceiling. A surveillance camera. Lex always was paranoid. I felt a flicker of hope-if that camera was working, it might've caught something. I grabbed a chair and reached up, pulling down the camera and carefully removing the memory card. Maybe this little piece of tech would give me the answers Lex never could.

Suddenly, a faint flash lit up the corner of the room. My heart leaped-I wasn't alone. I whipped around, gun raised, but saw nothing. The flash was gone, and the room was still. But my instincts screamed at me. Someone was watching.

I moved fast, pocketing the memory card and making a beeline for the door. Whoever had taken that picture was gone, but I didn't have time to wait around to find out if they'd be back. As I slipped out the door, I kept my eyes scanning every corner, every shadow.

By the time I got back to my car, I'd worked out three possibilities. Either someone was watching Lex's apartment waiting for a chance to strike again, or someone had followed me here, thinking I was part of Lex's scheme. Or-and this was the one that unsettled me the most-someone already knew I'd come looking and wanted me to feel the same fear Lex must have felt in his last moments.

Sliding into the driver's seat, I locked the doors, took a deep breath, and popped the memory card into my phone. A shoddy recording, filled with static and brief glimpses of Lex's last moments. But it was enough. I could make out two shadowy figures-a man and a woman, both familiar. Bianca and Jenny. They'd been here, likely moments before his death.

The pieces fell into place, and a surge of anger twisted in my gut. So, they were involved after all. They'd tried to act innocent, playing it cool at the party, but they were hiding something much darker than I'd thought.

But why kill Lex now? And who else might be pulling the strings?

The last frame of the video showed Lex, frozen in fear, his eyes darting toward the door before the screen cut to black. He'd seen his killers coming, knew they were coming for him, and they'd made sure to keep him quiet. The thought sickened me, but it also lit a fire in me. If Bianca and Jenny thought they could play this game without me knowing, they were dead wrong.

I started the engine, already forming my next move. If they wanted to play dirty, I'd go even deeper. Whatever they were up to, I'd find out. And if they were connected to this tangled web of lies and murder, they'd have a lot more to worry about than just me.

____

Lia's POV 

As I walked Benedicta to her car, the cool night air settled around us, soothing yet strangely heavy. I gave her a small smile, reaching for her hands. "Send my love to Merlin, will you?" I said softly, picturing my son's face.

Benedicta nodded, her eyes warm. "Of course, Lia. He misses you, you know. He can't wait to see you again."

I sighed, feeling the tug in my chest. "I miss him too. Soon, I'll have him back in my arms, just like old times." I tried to keep my voice steady, but the thought of Merlin, far away from me, brought a pang of longing.

Benedicta reached out, squeezing my shoulder. "Stay focused. Tomorrow is important. Get through it, and everything else will fall into place."

As she drove off, I took a deep breath and turned back toward the house. I walked through the doors, greeted by the quiet murmurs of the remaining guests and the occasional clink of glasses. I found Finn near the entrance, looking perfectly composed, his gaze following me as I walked toward him. He smiled, an unreadable look in his eyes.

"Did Benedicta get off safely?" he asked, slipping an arm around my waist as he leaned in.

"Yes, she's on her way home," I replied, offering a smile that didn't quite reach my eyes.

He walked with me to the staircase, stopping briefly. "Tomorrow is a big day," he murmured, his eyes searching mine. "Are you excited?"

I forced myself to nod, knowing that anything less would spark his curiosity. "Of course, Finn. I can't wait," I said, though my words felt hollow. "It's just been such a long day, and I could really use some rest." I offered a slight smile, hoping he wouldn't press further.

"Good idea. Get some sleep," he said, giving me a soft peck on my forehead before turning to leave.

As soon as his footsteps faded down the hall, I shut the door behind me and turned the lock, sealing myself into the quiet sanctuary of my room. I took a few breaths, steadying myself. The weight of the day seemed to press down harder, the silence amplifying my racing thoughts. Lex's murder. Finn's unreadable expression. And the party tomorrow, where everyone would have eyes on us, waiting to see what unfolds.

Without hesitating, I reached for my phone, dialing Luca's number. It rang a few times before he picked up, his voice a low murmur. "Lia?"

"Luca," I whispered, glancing around as if someone might be listening. "What's the latest? Did you find anything else about Lex's death? I can't shake this feeling that there's more going on than we know."

He sighed heavily. "You're not wrong. This goes deeper than we thought. I managed to check out Lex's place and trust me, it wasn't a pretty sight. Whoever did it was efficient, almost as if they'd planned it down to the last second."

The image of Lex, cold and lifeless, sent a shiver through me. "Do you think Bianca and Jenny could've been involved?" I asked, my voice trembling.

"It's looking that way, but it's not that simple. I think someone else is pulling strings from the shadows. I spotted a camera in Lex's apartment, but as soon as I took it, I felt like I was being watched. Like someone was documenting my every move." His tone was dark, tinged with frustration. "I got out of there fast, but I'm almost certain whoever's behind this is a step ahead of us."

I bit my lip, trying to steady my nerves. The thought of being tangled in something this dangerous made my skin crawl, but I needed answers. "So what do we do next?"

"For now, play along. Act as if nothing is out of the ordinary. Whoever is behind this, they're expecting us to make a wrong move, and we can't give them that satisfaction. Tomorrow, during the party, keep an eye on Bianca and Jenny. Don't confront them, just observe. And stay close to people you trust."

"Alright," I murmured, though unease pooled in my stomach. "But Luca this doesn't feel like something I can just pretend isn't happening."

He paused, then spoke softly. "I know, Lia. But trust me-we're going to figure this out. Just stay sharp, and I'll be watching too. We'll get through tomorrow, and then we can strategize our next steps."

The call ended, and I found myself staring at the screen, my thoughts churning with everything he'd said. Part of me wanted to call Benedicta back, to tell her everything, but I knew I couldn't drag her deeper into this mess. She already had enough on her shoulders.

I exhaled, feeling the weight of tomorrow settle heavily upon me. If everything went according to plan, I'd get through the engagement party, all smiles and nods, watching Bianca and Jenny for any slip-ups. But I couldn't shake the gnawing feeling that something was about to go horribly wrong.

Curling up in bed, I lay there in the dark, eyes wide open, as the pieces of this twisted puzzle filled my mind. The people I trusted, the enemies I couldn't yet see, and the future that felt more uncertain than ever.

Tomorrow would come soon enough, and with it, every answer I was both desperate and afraid to uncover.



129

Alina's POV 

As I shut the door to my room, I pulled out my phone, dialed a number, and waited. The line rang twice before a deep voice answered on the other end.

"Yes?" he asked, his tone steady.

"Keep an eye on Bianca and Jenny," I instructed, keeping my voice low. "I want to know everything they're planning, every move they make. Don't miss a single detail."

There was a brief pause on the other end. "Understood. I'll make sure they're covered. Do you expect them to act soon?"

I took a breath, choosing my words carefully. "Yes. They're on edge, and when people are desperate, they make mistakes. I want to be one step ahead of them."

"Got it," he replied, the confidence in his tone reassuring.

I ended the call and slipped my phone back into my pocket, feeling a sense of satisfaction. Everything was in place. I knew Bianca and Jenny were hiding something dangerous, and now I would finally get to the bottom of it. If they thought they could outsmart me, they were in for a rude awakening.

I opened my door, ready to head back to the party, but as I stepped out, I nearly collided with someone. Standing there, as if she had been waiting for me, was Benedicta. Her presence was unexpected, and I felt my guard immediately rise.

"Benedicta," I said, forcing a polite smile. "What are you doing in the main house? Aren't you a guest? You should know your place."

She looked startled but quickly regained her composure, offering me a disarming smile. "Oh, I I was looking for the bathroom. I must have taken a wrong turn."

I studied her carefully, noting the way her eyes darted away from mine. "The bathroom is in the other direction." I pointed down the hall, narrowing my eyes slightly. "Next time, be more careful. It's easy to get lost."

Benedicta gave a small nod and headed toward the bathroom. As she disappeared down the hall, I couldn't shake the feeling that her story was just a little too convenient. The way she avoided eye contact, the excuse of getting lost-it didn't sit right with me.

I watched her retreating figure, my suspicions growing. In the back of my mind, a thought lingered, echoing with a fierce intensity: I'll find out what you're up to, Benedicta. Whatever secrets you're hiding, they won't stay hidden for long.

With one last look down the hallway, I shook off the unease and made my way back to the party. The music, the laughter, and the clinking glasses filled the air as I rejoined the crowd, slipping back into the flow of the celebration as if nothing had happened. But my mind was already calculating, plotting the next steps, certain that both Benedicta and Bianca's games were about to end.


---

Luca's POV 

As soon as I received the address for Lex's place, I hit the gas and drove through the quiet streets, my mind racing. Something was off, and I could feel it in the pit of my stomach. The silence on his end, the missed calls-it didn't add up. Lex was a lot of things, but careless wasn't one of them.

When I finally reached the house, a chill ran down my spine. The front door was left slightly open, swaying in the night breeze. I stepped out of the car, moving cautiously as I approached the entrance, my senses heightened. There was an eerie stillness that wrapped around the place, a silence that felt unnatural.

Inside, the house was dark except for a dim light coming from the hallway. The scent of something stale hung in the air, making my stomach turn. I didn't need to go far to sense that something terrible had happened. As I ventured further into the house, I finally saw the bathroom door left ajar, hinting at the gruesome scene within.

The sight was chilling, but I forced myself to stay composed. Lex's lifeless body was sprawled in the bathtub, the water dark and murky. It was a brutal reminder of the lengths some people would go to in order to silence those who stood in their way.

I took a deep breath, steadying myself as I scanned the room. There were no obvious signs of a struggle, but the silence spoke volumes. Whoever did this wanted to send a message.

I turned away from the bathroom, my mind working quickly. If anyone had left traces, I needed to find them before someone else did. Moving to the main hallway, I spotted a small security camera mounted on the wall. A sense of relief washed over me; maybe there was still a chance of recovering evidence.

But as I moved closer to inspect it, my heart sank. I couldn't risk leaving a trail for anyone else to follow. Gritting my teeth, I reached up and disabled the camera, effectively erasing any footage that might compromise me-or anyone else who mattered.

Just as I finished, a sudden flash caught my attention. For a split second, the light hit my face, almost like a camera flash. My instincts kicked in, and I spun around, scanning the darkness around me.

Nothing. No footsteps, no voices, just that single flash that left me feeling exposed. It could have been a passerby, or worse, someone waiting for me to make a move. Whoever had taken Lex out might still be nearby, watching, waiting.

I forced myself to remain calm, carefully retracing my steps back to the front door. Every muscle in my body was tense as I slipped outside, moving toward my car, my eyes scanning the area for any sign of movement.

Once inside, I locked the doors and gripped the steering wheel, my pulse pounding in my ears. Whoever was responsible for this wasn't just a threat to Lex-they were coming after everyone involved, and they were ruthless enough to make it clear.

As I started the engine and pulled away from the house, my mind was already on high alert. I needed answers, and I needed them fast. This was no longer a simple game of strategy; it was a race for survival.

And if someone thought they could take me down that easily, they were about to find out just how wrong they were.



130


Bianca's POV

My hands trembled slightly as I dialed yet another number. The list of contacts I'd carefully curated over the years dwindled with every unanswered call, leaving me more frustrated with each passing minute. Yet, I couldn't give up now-not with everything on the line.

"Have you heard anything?" I asked as soon as the line connected, my voice sharp, betraying the unease bubbling beneath my polished exterior.

"Nothing definitive," came the clipped response. "But we're still looking."

I ended the call with a terse thank-you and leaned back in my chair, pressing my fingers against my temples. The tension pounding behind my eyes was unbearable, but I didn't dare stop. Lex's death had thrown everything into chaos, and the longer I remained in the dark, the more vulnerable we became.

When the chime of a new notification broke through the silence, I straightened immediately, my pulse quickening. My investigator had sent something-a video.

With a flick of my finger, I opened the file, my breath catching as the footage played. The quality was grainy, but it was unmistakable: Luca. The timestamp confirmed it. He had been in Lex's house after his death.

A slow, triumphant smile crept across my face. "So, you're not as clean as you pretend to be," I whispered, leaning back and replaying the video. My mind began to spin with possibilities. This could be the leverage I needed.

But the sound of approaching footsteps pulled me from my thoughts. I scrambled to close the video and lock my phone, shoving it under a stack of papers just as the door creaked open.

Jenny stepped in, her eyes darting around the room before settling on me. "Any updates?" she asked, her tone anxious but laced with impatience.

I forced a neutral expression, shaking my head. "Nothing yet. I've been making calls, but no one seems to know anything."

Jenny frowned, pacing across the room. "We need answers, Bianca. This isn't just about Lex anymore. If anyone finds out how deeply we're involved, it's over for us."

"I know," I said, keeping my voice calm even as my fingers itched to grab my phone and rewatch the video. "But panicking won't help. We have to tread carefully."

Jenny stopped and turned to face me, her arms crossed tightly over her chest. "I hate this. Every time I look over my shoulder, I feel like someone's watching. First, Alina with her cryptic threats, and now this? I can't shake the feeling that we're being hunted."

Her words sent a shiver down my spine, but I kept my composure. "No one knows, Jenny. And as long as we stick to the plan, they won't. We just have to be smart."

Jenny sighed, running a hand through her hair. "I don't know, Bianca. I'm starting to think we should just leave. Get out before it's too late."

"And do what? Run for the rest of our lives?" I snapped, my frustration spilling over. "That's not an option. We have to see this through."

Jenny stared at me for a moment before nodding reluctantly. "Fine. But if anything goes wrong, I'm not sticking around to find out what happens next."

As she left the room, I let out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding. The tension between us was growing, but I couldn't let that distract me.

I reached for my phone, unlocking it to stare at the paused frame of Luca leaving Lex's house. His expression was unreadable, but the sight of him there was damning enough. If he thought he could play the hero and pin everything on us, he was sorely mistaken.

This video was my insurance. My safety net. And when the time came, I wouldn't hesitate to use it.

But for now, I had to keep playing the game, even if it meant pretending to be as clueless as Jenny.

No one could know what I had, not yet.


_____

Luca's POV

I drove through the quiet streets, my grip on the steering wheel tightening with every passing moment. The image of Lex's lifeless body in the tub haunted me, replaying in vivid detail. Whoever had killed him wanted chaos-no, they wanted to dismantle every thread connecting us to the truth.

As I pulled up to Benedicta's house, I took a deep breath, trying to gather my thoughts. I needed her advice, her perspective. This wasn't a battle I could fight alone.

The door swung open before I could even knock. Benedicta stood there, her eyes narrowing with concern as she looked me over.

"Come in," she said softly, stepping aside to let me in.

I followed her into the cozy living room, the faint scent of lavender calming my nerves just a bit. She motioned for me to sit, but I remained standing, unable to keep still.

"What's wrong?" she asked, crossing her arms and leaning against the armrest of the sofa. "You look like you've seen a ghost."

I exhaled sharply, running a hand through my hair. "It's Lex. He's dead."

Her eyes widened, but she stayed silent, urging me to continue.

"I went to his house after piecing together his location," I explained, pacing back and forth. "When I got there, I found him in the tub-drowned. The stench was unbearable, Benedicta. He's been dead for days."

Benedicta gasped, her hand flying to her mouth. "Who who could have done this?"

"That's the thing," I said, stopping to look at her. "I don't think Bianca or Jenny had anything to do with it. Sure, they're reckless and desperate, but this?" I shook my head. "This feels calculated. Someone is trying to frame them or, worse, cover their own tracks."

Benedicta sank into the sofa, her face pale. "Does Lia know?"

"Not all of it," I admitted. "She knows something's wrong, but I haven't told her the full story. She doesn't need to carry that weight, especially not with everything else going on."

Benedicta nodded slowly, her gaze distant. "What about tomorrow? The wedding?"

I clenched my fists, the thought of Lia marrying Finn twisting my stomach into knots. "It's the only way to keep her safe. Whoever is behind this they're dangerous. If they think Lia knows anything or is a threat to their plan, they won't hesitate to come after her. Marrying Finn might give her a layer of protection."

"But it'll crush you," Benedicta said, her voice barely above a whisper.

I looked away, unable to meet her eyes. "It's not about me. It's about Lia. As long as she's alive and unharmed, I'll deal with whatever I have to."

Benedicta stood and walked over to me, placing a comforting hand on my shoulder. "You're making a tough choice, Luca. But I know you're doing it for the right reasons."

I nodded, swallowing the lump in my throat. "Thank you."

She gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze before stepping back. "Stay strong. Lia's going to need you, even if she doesn't realize it right now."

I turned to leave, the weight of the conversation pressing heavily on my chest. As I stepped outside and got into my car, the dam I'd been holding back finally began to crack.

My hands gripped the steering wheel tightly as a wave of emotions crashed over me. I wanted to scream, to punch something, to cry-but I couldn't. Not now. Not when so much was at stake.

I leaned my head against the steering wheel, my eyes stinging. "Lia," I whispered, her name slipping from my lips like a prayer.

I missed her. I missed her laughter, her stubbornness, the way she looked at me like I was the only one who mattered. But tomorrow, I'd have to let her go.

The thought tore me apart, but I couldn't let my feelings cloud my judgment. Lia's safety came first, no matter how much it hurt.

I took a shaky breath, wiping my face with the back of my hand before starting the engine. The night stretched endlessly ahead of me, filled with uncertainty and danger.

But one thing was clear: I'd protect Lia, even if it cost me everything.



131
  
Lia's POV

The dream was terrifying.

I was standing in a vast, empty hall adorned with wedding decorations. The air smelled metallic, thick, and suffocating. My wedding dress, pristine and white moments ago, was soaked with blood. The vibrant red seemed to pulse, a grotesque reminder of something I couldn't yet piece together.

My gaze fell downward, and there he was-Finn, lying in a pool of his own blood. His lifeless eyes stared up at me, accusing and hollow.

My hands trembled as I looked down at them. I was holding a knife.

"No...no, no, no!" I screamed, the sound echoing through the empty hall.

I tried to drop the knife, but it wouldn't leave my hand. My breaths came in short gasps, panic swelling in my chest. The walls around me seemed to close in, the decorations morphing into dark, clawed shapes.

Then, faint laughter echoed. Low, guttural, and filled with malice.

I spun around, searching for the source, but the hall was empty. The laughter grew louder until it consumed everything, drowning out even my frantic thoughts.

And then, I woke up.

My body jolted upright in bed, drenched in sweat. My heart was pounding so hard I thought it might burst. My trembling hand instinctively went to my neck, clutching the necklace Finn had given me the previous night.

What kind of dream was that?

I tried to calm my racing heart, but just then, I heard something-soft footsteps, the creak of my bedroom door moving ever so slightly.

My eyes darted toward the door.

Someone had just left my room.

I froze, panic gripping me as the remnants of the dream bled into reality. For a moment, I couldn't move, couldn't breathe. But then I forced myself to stand, my knees shaky beneath me.

I walked toward the door cautiously and peeked into the hallway. It was empty.

"Hello?" I whispered, my voice barely audible.

No answer.

The hallway stretched out in both directions, dimly lit by the faint glow of a wall sconce. There was no one there, no sign of movement. But I was certain someone had been inside.

I stepped back into the room, closing the door firmly behind me. My pulse refused to settle as I leaned against it, trying to process what had just happened.

Had it been real? Or was my mind still tangled in the nightmare?

I didn't sleep for the rest of the night. Every creak, every gust of wind sent a jolt through me. My eyes stayed fixed on the door, waiting for some explanation, some sign of what-or who-I had heard.

By the time dawn broke, I felt drained, my nerves frayed from the sleepless night.

A knock at the door startled me, and I jumped, my heart leaping into my throat.

"Lia? It's me, your makeup artist!"

I exhaled shakily. "Come in."

The door opened, and she entered, her face lit with excitement, carrying a large suitcase filled with makeup and styling tools.

"Good morning, Lia!" she said brightly. "Today's the big day!"

Big day. Right.

I forced a smile, pushing the disturbing events of the night to the back of my mind. "Good morning."

She set up her workstation near the window, chattering away about how beautiful I'd look, how lucky Finn was, and how this would be a day to remember.

If only she knew how unforgettable it already was-for all the wrong reasons.

As she began her work, brushing and blending, my thoughts drifted. The dream, the intruder, the ominous feeling gnawing at me-I couldn't ignore it. Something wasn't right, and I couldn't shake the feeling that today wouldn't just be about my wedding.

It would be about survival.

___

Finn's POV

I adjusted the cufflinks on my shirt, trying to shake off the nervous energy that had been building all morning. Today was supposed to be the happiest day of my life, yet something about it felt...off. Lia had been distant last night, though I chalked it up to pre-wedding jitters. Still, I couldn't help but wonder if there was something she wasn't telling me.

A knock at the door pulled me from my thoughts.

"Come in," I called, turning toward the sound.

The door creaked open, and Alina stepped inside. Her face was a mixture of determination and irritation, the kind she reserved for moments when she wanted to be heard-whether or not you agreed with her.

"Finn," she said, closing the door behind her.

I sighed. "Alina, whatever it is, I don't have time right now. The wedding is in a few hours."

"That's exactly why I'm here," she replied, crossing her arms. "You can't marry her."

I froze, staring at her. "What are you talking about?"

"You know exactly what I'm talking about," she said, stepping closer. "Lia is not the right person for you. She's hiding something-no, many things-and I can't just stand by and watch you ruin your life."

My jaw tightened. "Alina, we've been over this. I love her. Whatever issues you have with Lia, keep them to yourself. Today is not the day for this conversation."

"Don't be naive, Finn," she snapped. "Love isn't enough when there are secrets and lies involved. You're blinded by your feelings for her, but I see her for what she truly is-a liability."

I took a deep breath, trying to keep my temper in check. "A liability? She's the woman I'm about to marry, Alina. The woman I've chosen to spend the rest of my life with. You don't have to like her, but you will respect her."

"I'm trying to protect you," she insisted, her voice rising. "Do you think she's being honest with you? Why is she so close to Luca? Why does she always look like she's hiding something?"

My fists clenched at my sides. "Stop it, Alina. You don't know what you're talking about."

"I know more than you think," she shot back. "I've seen the way she looks at Luca. Something is going on there, Finn, and if you go through with this marriage, you're only setting yourself up for heartbreak."

"That's enough!" I shouted, my voice echoing through the room.

Alina flinched but didn't back down. "Finn-"

"No," I interrupted, pointing toward the door. "You've said your piece. Now get out."

Her expression hardened. "You'll regret this," she said, her tone laced with anger and frustration. "When everything falls apart, don't say I didn't warn you."

I turned away from her, unwilling to let her see the conflict her words had stirred within me. "Get out, Alina."

For a moment, she didn't move. I could feel her gaze boring into my back, waiting for me to turn around, to say something-anything-that would give her an opening to continue the argument. But I remained silent, staring at my reflection in the mirror.

Finally, I heard the door open and close, and the room fell quiet once more.

I exhaled, running a hand through my hair.

Alina's words lingered, a nagging voice in the back of my mind. Was she right? Was Lia hiding something from me?

No. I couldn't think like that. Lia loved me, and I loved her. Whatever doubts Alina had were her own, not mine.

Shaking my head, I focused on the day ahead. This wedding wasn't just a ceremony-it was a declaration, a promise
that no matter what challenges came our way, we would face them together.

And not even Alina's doubts could change that.
132

Lia's POV

I sat in front of the vanity, staring at my reflection. My makeup was flawless, my hair pinned up elegantly, and the dress shimmered in the sunlight streaming through the window. But no amount of glamour could hide the anxiety swirling in my chest.

A soft knock at the door pulled me from my thoughts. Aaid entered, bowing slightly. "Ma'am, Benedicta is here to see you."

I nodded, trying to compose myself. "Let her in."

As the door opened, Benedicta stepped in a radiant smile on her face. She crossed the room and pulled me into a warm hug. "My dear Lia," she whispered, her voice filled with emotion. "You look beautiful."

I felt a lump form in my throat. "Thank you, Benedicta. I'm glad you're here."

She pulled back, her hands resting on my shoulders. "It's a big day for you, and I just want you to know how proud I am. I wish you all the happiness in the world."

Her sincerity made my eyes sting, but I blinked the tears away. "Thank you. That means so much to me."

Benedicta sat on the edge of the bed, watching as the makeup artist made a few final touches. "Have you heard from Luca?" I asked, trying to sound casual, though my heart raced with anticipation.

Benedicta shook her head. "No, not yet. He hasn't said anything to me."

I hesitated, glancing at the closed door. "I'm thinking about stopping the wedding," I admitted quietly.

Her eyes widened. "Lia, what are you talking about?"

Before I could explain, my phone buzzed on the table. My stomach dropped when I saw the name flashing on the screen. Luca. I snatched it up and answered quickly.

"Luca," I said, my voice trembling, "what's going on?"

His voice was calm but laced with urgency. "Lia, listen to me carefully. There's someone out there more dangerous than Jenny and Bianca. You need to be extremely cautious."

"What do you mean?" I asked, my fingers tightening around the phone.

"I don't have all the details yet, but I know this-whoever it is, they're pulling the strings behind the scenes. Until we figure it out, you have to push through with this wedding."

I froze. "Luca, I can't. I don't-"

"You have to," he interrupted. "If something goes wrong and you back out, they might blame you for it. Staying the course is your safest option right now."

His words made my head spin. "And what about you? Where are you?"

There was a pause, and then his tone shifted. "Be prepared, Lia. My brotherAlpha Deanis in town."

My heart stopped. "Dean? Why?"

"I don't know yet," Luca admitted. "But his presence changes everything. Keep your guard up, and I'll be in touch."

The line went dead before I could ask more questions.

I stared at the phone, my hands trembling. Benedicta must have noticed my expression because she came over and took my hands in hers.

"Lia, what is it?" she asked gently.

I swallowed hard, repeating Luca's words. "He said there's someone more dangerous out there, andhis brother, Dean, is in town."

Benedicta's face tightened, but her voice was steady. "Then we'll deal with it, Lia. You're not alone in this."

"I don't know if I can go through with this wedding," I whispered, tears threatening to spill.

"You can," she said firmly. "And you will. This is bigger than just you and Finn. Luca wouldn't ask you to do this if it wasn't important."

I nodded, though uncertainty gnawed at me. Benedicta squeezed my hands and then motioned for the makeup artist to continue.

As the stylist worked, Benedicta sat beside me, her presence a source of comfort. "Lia, you're stronger than you realize," she said softly. "No matter what happens today, remember that."

Her words gave me a small measure of confidence. I took a deep breath, letting the stylist finish pinning the veil into place.

When I looked in the mirror again, I didn't just see a bride-I saw a woman about to walk into the unknown, determined to face whatever came her way.

___

Alina's POV

The phone trembled in my hand as I paced my room, my tone sharp and commanding. "Listen carefully," I barked, my patience worn thin. "I don't care what it takes. Lia must be dealt with tonight. If you fail, don't bother showing your face to me again. Do I make myself clear?"

A muffled response came from the other end, full of hesitation and fear. Typical.

"Good," I snapped, ending the call abruptly and tossing the phone onto my desk. My heart was pounding with anticipation, my mind racing through the plan. This wedding had to be her last day on earth. Lia had meddled far too much, and her existence was a threat I couldn't allow to continue.

The soft creak of my window brought me to a halt, my breath catching in my throat. Slowly, I turned toward the sound, and there he was-a man in a dark cloak, his back to me as he gracefully stepped into my room. The shadows seemed to cling to him as if they were an extension of his being.

I didn't need to see his face to know who it was. My lips parted, the name escaping in a whisper tinged with unease. "Alpha Dean."

He turned, the hood falling back to reveal his chiseled features and cold, piercing eyes. A cruel smile played on his lips as he regarded me, his presence overwhelming.

"Alina," he drawled, his voice smooth yet laced with menace. "Still playing queen in a game you don't fully understand, I see."

I straightened, trying to mask the unease curling in my stomach. "What are you doing here? This wasn't part of the plan."

Dean chuckled darkly, stepping closer with an air of predatory confidence. "Plans change. Especially when they're as uninspired as yours."

His words stung, but I held my ground. "Lia has to go. She's a threat to everything we've worked for. You agreed to this!"

His smile widened, but it didn't reach his eyes. "Oh, I agree. But I've had a change of heart."

I frowned, confusion flickering across my face. "What are you talking about?"

Dean leaned against the edge of my desk, his movements slow and deliberate. "Why kill Lia," he began, "when I can break her instead? Killing her would be quick, painless too easy. But keeping her alive, taking her as my pet Now that's a punishment worthy of Luca's betrayal."

My heart skipped a beat at his words, my mind struggling to process his twisted logic. "You can't be serious," I said, my voice barely above a whisper.

"Oh, I am." Dean's eyes glittered with dark amusement. "Imagine Luca's face when he sees the love of his life in my grasp, completely under my control. The pain, the helplessness It'll be delicious."

My stomach churned. This was beyond anything I had anticipated. "Dean, this wasn't the deal. We were supposed to eliminate her, not this."

He tilted his head, his expression hardening. "Are you questioning me, Alina?"

I swallowed hard, my throat suddenly dry. "No," I said quickly. "Of course not. But-"

"There are no 'buts,'" he interrupted, his tone icy. "You wanted Lia out of the picture, and I've found a way to do it that serves both our interests. You want her gone; I want Luca to suffer. Everyone wins."

I hesitated, my mind racing with doubts. Dean's plan was dangerous and unpredictable. It could backfire in ways we couldn't anticipate. But then again, opposing him was even more dangerous.

"What do you need me to do?" I asked, my voice steady despite the turmoil inside me.

Dean's smile returned, sharp and predatory. "Nothing, for now. Just keep playing your part and leave the rest to me."

I nodded reluctantly, my instincts screaming at me to be cautious. "Fine. But you'll need to stay hidden until the time is right. Luca is already suspicious, and Lia isn't as naive as you think."

Dean chuckled, pushing off the desk and moving toward the shadows. "Oh, I'm counting on it. The more they squirm, the sweeter the victory."

He disappeared as quickly as he had appeared, leaving me alone with my thoughts. I took a deep breath, trying to steady my nerves.

This wasn't what I had planned, but Dean's ruthlessness might just be the edge we needed to end this once and for all. Still, a nagging voice in the back of my mind warned me that we were playing with fire, and if we weren't careful, we'd all get burned.



133

Finn's POV

The wedding bells rang loud and clear, echoing through the grand hall. My heart should have been soaring, but unease clung to me like a shadow. As the doors opened, Lia walked in, her arm linked with Benedicta's. She looked stunning in her gown, but there was a tension in her smile that only I seemed to notice.

As we exchanged vows, her voice was steady, but I couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. The officiant's words blurred as my wolf instincts screamed at me, warning of impending danger. Still, I pushed the unease aside. This was our moment, and I wouldn't let anything ruin it.

"You may now kiss the bride," the officiant announced.

I leaned in, pressing a soft kiss to Lia's lips. The applause erupted around us, but all I could think about was the gnawing sensation that something was about to go terribly wrong.


---

The reception was a whirlwind of laughter and celebration. Guests filled the hall, the sound of clinking glasses and cheerful chatter blending with the music. Lia sat beside me, her eyes distant as if her mind was miles away.

"Are you okay?" I leaned closer, keeping my voice low.

She nodded quickly, forcing a smile. "I'm fine. Just a bit tired."

I didn't believe her, but I didn't push. Something had been bothering her all day, but she wouldn't tell me what it was.

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Bianca storming out of the hall, her face a mask of fury. Jenny followed closely behind her, whispering something that only seemed to anger Bianca more.

"What now?" I muttered under my breath.

I glanced at Lia again. She was staring down at her plate, absentmindedly pushing food around with her fork. Across the room, Alina sat alone, a smug smile on her face as if she knew a secret the rest of us didn't.

"Excuse me," I said, rising from my seat. Lia barely acknowledged me, still lost in her thoughts.

I made my way toward the doors, following the path Bianca and Jenny had taken. The hallway was empty, but the faint sound of voices reached my ears. I focused, letting my heightened wolf senses guide me.

Their voices became clearer as I approached.

"We should have gotten rid of Lia when we had the chance," Bianca hissed.

"Now she's married," Jenny replied, her tone laced with frustration. "And there's nothing we can do about it. Not to mention that we have a murderer on our tail. This is spiraling out of control!"

My breath caught. A murderer? What were they talking about?

The realization hit me like a punch to the gut. They had been plotting something against Lia all along, and now it seemed their plans were unraveling.

I turned to leave, my mind racing. I had to warn Lia. But before I could take a step, a sharp pain exploded in my chest.

I looked down, shocked to see the glint of a blade protruding from my ribs. Blood poured from the wound, staining my shirt.

Gasping, I turned to face my attacker. A masked figure stood before me, their eyes cold and calculating.

"W-why?" I choked out, my voice barely above a whisper.

The figure said nothing, pulling the knife free with a sickening sound. I staggered, clutching my chest as the world around me blurred.

Footsteps echoed in the distance, but my vision was fading fast. The last thing I saw was the masked figure disappearing into the shadows, leaving me alone in the hallway, drowning in my own blood.

____

Alina's POV

Finn had been gone for too long. At first, I dismissed it as him taking a moment to himself-it wasn't unusual for him to step away from the chaos of a crowded event. But as the minutes dragged on, unease began to creep in.

I pushed my glass aside and stood up, ignoring the curious glances thrown my way.

"Where are you going?" one of the guests asked, but I waved them off.

"Just checking on Finn," I said curtly, already moving toward the doors.

The air outside was crisp, the moon casting an eerie glow over the surrounding grounds. I called Finn's name, my voice firm but tinged with growing worry.

"Finn?"

No answer.

My heart started pounding harder as I ventured farther away from the reception. Every step seemed to amplify the tension curling in my stomach. Something was wrong-I could feel it in my bones.

Suddenly, a muffled scream pierced the quiet night. My instincts kicked in, and I broke into a run, following the sound. My heels clicked against the stone pathway, but I barely noticed.

"Finn!" I shouted, my voice now frantic.

I rounded a corner and froze.

There, lying on the ground, was Finn. Blood soaked his shirt, pooling around him. Bianca and Jenny stood nearby, their faces pale and panicked.

"What the hell have you done to him?" I snarled, my voice trembling with rage as I rushed to Finn's side.

Bianca raised her hands defensively. "We didn't do anything! We found him like this."

Jenny nodded fervently. "She's telling the truth. We just got here and saw him like this."

I ignored them, dropping to my knees beside Finn. His breathing was shallow, his face pale. My heart clenched at the sight of him so vulnerable.

"You're lying," I spat, glaring up at them. "You were planning something, weren't you? Against Lia? And now this?"

Bianca stepped back, shaking her head. "We swear, Alina. We didn't touch him!"

I looked down at Finn, brushing a stray lock of hair from his face. My hands trembled as I fought to steady my breathing.

"If he dies," I said coldly, my gaze snapping back to them, "you're both dead. Now, help me get him back to his room."

Jenny hesitated but eventually nodded. "I'll call the sentinels," she murmured, pulling out her phone.

Bianca and I carefully lifted Finn's limp form. His blood smeared on my hands, warm and sticky, but I didn't care. My mind was racing, a thousand questions and accusations swirling through my thoughts.


---

We reached Finn's room, the sentinels following close behind to help lay him down on the bed. His breathing remained faint, and every shallow rise and fall of his chest made my stomach twist.

"I'll get a doctor," I said sharply, turning to leave.

Before I could step out, Lia appeared in the doorway, her face etched with confusion and concern.

"What happened?" she asked, her voice trembling. Her gaze flickered to Finn's pale face, then to me.

I couldn't contain the rage bubbling inside me. My eyes narrowed, and I stepped closer to her, my voice low and venomous.

"If Finn doesn't make it out of this alive," I said, my words cutting through the tension like a blade, "get ready to die."

Lia's eyes widened, and for a moment, she looked like she wanted to say something. But I didn't wait for her response. I stormed past her, my mind already focused on finding a doctor and getting answers.

Because someone would pay for this-if not Bianca or Jenny, then whoever else had dared to harm my brother.



134

Lia's POV

The chaos outside was deafening. Shouts echoed through the halls, and the tension in the air was so thick it felt like I could cut it with a knife. Finn's injury had thrown the entire pack into disarray, and the sight of Alina's cold, accusing eyes earlier kept replaying in my mind.

I forced myself to move, my feet carrying me to Benedicta, who stood near the staircase, trying to make sense of the chaos. She turned the moment she saw me, her face a mix of worry and determination.

"Benedicta," I whispered, my voice shaking. "I need to talk to you. Now."

Without waiting for a response, I grabbed her hand and pulled her toward my bedroom. I shut the door behind us and locked it, leaning against it as I tried to steady my racing heart.

"This is bad," I muttered, pacing the room. "This is really bad."

Benedicta watched me with a calmness I envied. "Take a breath, Lia," she said gently. "Tell me what happened."

I stopped pacing and faced her. "Alina she's going to blame me. I know it. She as much as said it downstairs."

Benedicta's brows knitted together. "She said that?"

I nodded, wrapping my arms around myself. "She told me to 'get ready to die' if Finn doesn't make it. And now the whole pack is in chaos, and I-"

I broke off as my phone buzzed in my pocket. I pulled it out with trembling hands and saw Luca's name on the screen. Relief flooded through me as I answered.

"Luca," I said, trying to keep my voice steady.

"What's going on?" he asked immediately. His voice was calm but laced with concern.

I sank onto the edge of the bed, my free hand gripping the bedsheet. "It's Finn," I said, my words tumbling out in a rush. "Someone stabbed him. He's he's alive, but barely. And Alina is going to put the blame on me. She's already-"

"Lia," Luca interrupted, his voice firm. "Calm down. Just tell me everything."

I took a shaky breath and recounted what had happened, from finding Finn injured to Alina's cold threats. When I finished, there was silence on the other end of the line.

"Luca?"

"I've heard something," he said finally. "I just got the news that Alpha Dean might be in town."

"Dean?" I repeated my voice barely above a whisper. My stomach twisted at the mention of Luca's brother. "Are you sure?"

"No," he admitted. "There haven't been any confirmed sightings, but there are whispers. If he's here, he's keeping a low profile."

I swallowed hard, my mind racing. "Do you think he did this? Do you think Dean stabbed Finn?"

"It's possible," Luca said, his tone grim. "Dean has always had his own agenda. And if he's involved, this is just the beginning."

My heart sank at his words. "What do we do?"

"For now, you need to stay calm and stay safe," he said. "Don't confront Alina or anyone else. Let them speculate all they want, but don't give them any reason to turn their suspicions into accusations. I'll handle things on my end."

I nodded, even though he couldn't see me. "Okay."

"And Lia," he added, his voice softening, "don't lose hope. We'll figure this out."

"Thank you, Luca," I whispered.

After the call ended, I sat there for a moment, staring at the phone in my hand. The weight of everything felt crushing, but I couldn't afford to fall apart now.

Benedicta sat beside me, placing a comforting hand on my shoulder. "What did he say?"

I told her about Dean and Luca's suspicions. Her expression darkened, but she didn't let the worry show for long.

"Lia," she said firmly, "you need to trust that everything will fall into place. Luca is right. Don't confront anyone. Just focus on staying strong."

I looked at her, searching for reassurance in her steady gaze. "But what if Alina"

"She won't," Benedicta said, cutting me off. "Because we won't let her. You're not alone in this, Lia."

Her words were a small comfort, but the dread in my chest refused to dissipate. As Benedicta helped me calm down and began going over plans to ensure my safety, I couldn't shake the feeling that things were about to get worse.

And if Dean was really here, then chaos was only just beginning.

____

Alina's POV

I stormed into my bedroom, slamming the door behind me. My heart pounded as I headed straight for the closet, throwing the door open. There he was, seated on a small stool like he had all the time in the world, his black cloak draped over his shoulders and a smug grin playing on his lips.

"Dean," I said sharply, stepping inside and closing the closet door behind me.

His piercing eyes lifted to meet mine, his grin widening. "Ah, sister dear," he said mockingly, "to what do I owe the pleasure of this late-night visit?"

I folded my arms, glaring at him. "We need to talk. Finn's been attacked."

His grin faltered for a moment, replaced by a curious tilt of his head. "Oh? And how is the great Alpha Finn faring?"

"He's alive," I snapped, my voice trembling with frustration. "But barely. He's unconscious, and no one knows who's responsible. I came here because I need your help."

Dean leaned back, his expression unreadable. "My condolences," he said with a feigned solemnity that made my blood boil.

I took a step forward, clenching my fists. "Don't you dare," I hissed. "My brother is not dead, and he won't be. I need you to use your connections, your resources, whatever it takes to find out who did this."

For a moment, Dean said nothing. Then he stood, towering over me, his cloak brushing the floor. "And why, dear sister, should I involve myself in this pack drama? What's in it for me?"

I swallowed hard, pushing down my fear. "Because if Finn dies, this pack will fall apart. And if it falls apart, your little plans for Lia will crumble with it. You said it yourself-you need this pack stable for your schemes to work."

His grin returned, sharp and predatory. "Ah, so you do listen." He stepped closer, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. "Very well, Alina. I'll help you find this mystery culprit. But I expect something in return."

"Anything," I said quickly, desperation seeping into my tone.

"Good," he said, his grin widening. "Now, about Lia"

I cut him off, shaking my head. "You can't take her. Not now. This attack changes everything. If you try to abduct her now, it will only draw suspicion. You'll have to wait for a better opportunity."

Dean's eyes narrowed slightly, but he didn't argue. Instead, he stepped back, his grin fading into a thoughtful expression. "Fine," he said after a moment. "I'll wait. But don't keep me waiting too long, Alina. My patience is not infinite."

With that, he turned and sat back down, dismissing me with a wave of his hand. I took a deep breath, my hands trembling as I opened the closet door and stepped back into my bedroom.

As I walked out into the hallway, I spotted Bianca and Jenny skulking near Finn's bedroom door. My blood boiled at the sight of them.

"What do you think you're doing?" I snapped, striding toward them.

They turned to face me, their expressions a mixture of surprise and annoyance.

"We just wanted to check on him," Bianca said, her tone overly sweet.

"Don't play innocent with me," I hissed, stepping closer. "I know what you two are up to. You've been scheming against Lia since the beginning, and now my brother is lying unconscious because of your incompetence. Did you plan to kill her and end up harming him instead? Or was this just collateral damage?"

Jenny's eyes widened, and she took a step back, but Bianca held her ground, her jaw tightening.

"We had nothing to do with this," Bianca said, her voice cold.

"I don't believe you," I shot back. "You can deny it all you want, but I'll get to the truth. And if I find out you're behind this, I swear I'll make you pay. Both of you."

Jenny grabbed Bianca's arm, pulling her back. "Come on, let's go," she muttered, clearly shaken.

Bianca hesitated, glaring at me, but eventually allowed Jenny to lead her away.

I watched them disappear down the hallway, my hands clenched into fists. I turned back toward Finn's room, taking a deep breath to steady myself.

The pack was in chaos, my brother's life hung by a thread, and danger lurked around every corner. But one thing was clear-I wouldn't rest until I uncovered the truth. And when I did, whoever was responsible would regret crossing me.



135

Bianca's POV

The tension in the air was suffocating. Every corner of the pack house buzzed with whispers of Finn's attack, and I couldn't move without feeling a dozen eyes boring into my back. Jenny and I had barely made it out of that hallway alive after Alina's confrontation. I wasn't scared of her, but her words stuck in my head.

"Did we mess up?" Jenny asked nervously as we entered my room and closed the door behind us. She sat on the edge of the bed, her hands twisting anxiously in her lap.

I leaned against the dresser, crossing my arms. "No," I said firmly, though the tightness in my chest said otherwise. "We've been careful. We didn't stab Finn. Someone else did. Alina's just lashing out because she's desperate."

"But what if she's right?" Jenny's voice cracked. "What if whoever stabbed Finn was aiming for Lia? What if we're next?"

I turned to her, my glare silencing her panicked rambling. "We are not next. Whoever did this has no reason to come after us unless you do something stupid like freak out."

Jenny nodded but didn't look convinced.

I paced the room, my mind racing. This wasn't how things were supposed to go. Lia was the target, not Finn. Now everything was upside down, and the pack was on edge. If Alina decided to dig too deep, she could uncover secrets that would destroy us both.

My phone buzzed on the dresser, pulling me out of my thoughts. I grabbed it, glancing at the screen. It was a message from my investigator.

"I found something. Sending it now."

A few seconds later, a video came through. My heart pounded as I opened it, the screen filling with grainy security footage.

At first, it was hard to make out, but then I saw him. Luca. He was entering Lex's house the night everything went to hell. A slow smile spread across my lips.

"Gotcha," I muttered under my breath.

"What is it?" Jenny asked, standing to peer over my shoulder.

I quickly locked my phone and shoved it into my pocket. "Nothing. Just some pack gossip."

Jenny frowned but didn't press further.

"Listen," I said, shifting the conversation. "We need to be smart about this. Finn's attack changes things, but it doesn't change our goal. Lia is still a problem, and we can't let her get comfortable. She's too close to Luca, and if those two start working together, they'll uncover everything."

"But what do we do now?" Jenny asked, her voice shaking.

I gave her a cold smile. "We wait. Whoever attacked Finn is either an ally or an enemy we haven't identified yet. Either way, they've given us an opportunity. The pack is distracted, and Alina's too focused on revenge to see what's right in front of her."

Jenny still looked unsure, but she nodded. "Okay. What about Alina?"

I laughed dryly. "Alina's predictable. She'll make threats and stomp around like she owns the place, but she won't act without proof. All we have to do is stay one step ahead of her."

Jenny sighed, looking slightly more relaxed. "I hope you're right."

"I am," I said confidently. "Now go. I need to make a few calls."

Jenny hesitated, but eventually nodded and left the room.

As soon as the door clicked shut, I pulled out my phone and opened the video again. I watched it closely this time, noting every detail. Luca wasn't just at Lex's house; he looked agitated, almost frantic. He knew something.

I made a quick call to my investigator.

"Who else has seen this?" I demanded the moment he picked up.

"No one," he replied. "You said to send it to you first."

"Good. Keep it that way. I'll let you know if I need anything else."

I hung up and leaned against the dresser, my mind racing.

Luca's involvement complicated things, but it also gave me leverage. If he was connected to Lex's death, then I had a weapon I could use against him and Lia. But I had to be careful. If I played this wrong, it could blow up in my face.

As I considered my next move, the door creaked open, and Jenny peeked in.

"What now?" I snapped, irritated by the interruption.

"There's a meeting in the main hall," she said nervously. "Alina called it."

I rolled my eyes. "Of course, she did. Fine, let's go."

Jenny and I made our way to the hall, where the pack had already gathered. Alina stood at the front, her eyes blazing with anger and determination.

"I don't care what it takes," she was saying as we entered. "Whoever did this to my brother will pay. And if anyone here is hiding something, now is the time to come forward."

Her eyes swept over the crowd, lingering on me for a moment before moving on.

I met her gaze with a smirk, daring her to say something. She didn't.

As the meeting continued, I felt my confidence returning. Alina could bluster all she wanted, but she didn't have proof. And as long as I had that video, I held the upper hand.

When the meeting ended, I slipped away, my mind already planning my next move. Lia and Luca thought they were safe, but they had no idea what was coming.

I smiled to myself as I headed back to my room. The game was far from over, and I intended to win.

___

Lia's POV

The hallways felt eerily quiet as I made my way to Finn's room. The entire pack house was in chaos earlier, but now it seemed like the air itself was holding its breath. My steps faltered as I neared the door, dread pooling in my stomach. Finn was injured, and no one had any answers.

I pushed the door open gently and stepped inside. The room was dim, lit only by the soft glow of a bedside lamp. Finn lay on the bed, his face pale and motionless, bandages wrapped around his chest. Seeing him like this sent a pang through my heart. This wasn't the strong, commanding Finn I knew.

I approached the bed and stood by his side, my fingers hesitating over his hand before finally resting on it.

"Finn" I whispered though I knew he couldn't hear me. "I'm so sorry this happened to you. I wish I could fix it."

The guilt weighed heavy on me. If it weren't for me, he wouldn't be in this state. This attack was meant for me-I was sure of it.

The door creaked open behind me, and I turned to see Alina stride in, her expression a mix of anger and suspicion. She stopped a few feet away, crossing her arms over her chest.

"What are you doing here?" she demanded, her tone icy.

"I came to check on him," I said quietly, trying to keep my voice calm.

She scoffed. "You've done enough damage already. Don't you think it's time you leave my brother alone?"

Her words stung, but I forced myself to hold my ground. "I didn't hurt Finn, Alina. I care about him."

"Care?" she repeated, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "If you cared, he wouldn't be lying there, fighting for his life."

"That's not fair," I snapped, the weight of her accusations finally breaking my resolve. "I didn't stab him. I would never hurt him!"

"Would you?" She took a step closer, her eyes narrowing. "Because ever since you came into our lives, everything has been chaos. My brother's been distracted, this pack is falling apart, and now he's on the brink of death. Tell me, Lia, how exactly are you not to blame?"

I clenched my fists, anger, and frustration bubbling inside me. "I didn't ask for any of this! Do you think I want to be hunted? Do you think I want people trying to kill me? I'm as much a victim in this as Finn is!"

"Victim?" Alina laughed bitterly. "You're not a victim, Lia. You're a curse."

Her words hit harder than I expected, and for a moment, I couldn't find a response. The silence between us was thick, broken only by the soft sound of Finn's breathing.

Finally, I spoke, my voice quieter but firm. "You can blame me all you want, but it doesn't change the fact that someone out there is targeting this pack. You're wasting time pointing fingers when we should be finding out who's responsible."

Alina's eyes flashed with anger, but she didn't immediately respond. Instead, she turned her attention to Finn, her expression softening slightly as she looked at him.

"I'll find out who did this," she said, her voice lower but still filled with determination. "And when I do, they'll pay. But if I find out you had anything to do with it, Lia you'll regret ever stepping foot in this pack."

I met her gaze, refusing to back down. "I didn't hurt him, Alina. And I'm not going anywhere until I know he's safe."

For a moment, we stared at each other, neither willing to back down. Then she turned on her heel and stormed out of the room, leaving me alone with Finn once more.

I sank into the chair beside his bed, my hands trembling as I gripped the armrests. The argument with Alina had rattled me, but it also strengthened my resolve.

Whoever was behind this attack wasn't going to win. Not if I had anything to say about it.



136

Lia's POV

I glanced at Finn one last time as he lay still on the bed, his breathing shallow but steady. My heart ached to see him like this. I wanted to stay, to keep watching over him, but Alina's accusations still lingered in my mind, making the air in the room feel suffocating.

With a heavy sigh, I turned to leave. Just as I reached the door, a flicker of movement caught my eye. The curtains by the window swayed gently, though there was no breeze. My heart skipped a beat, and I froze.

"Who's there?" I called out, my voice firmer than I felt.

Silence.

I stepped closer, peering into the shadows near the window. "I said, who's there?"

Still no response. I waited for a few tense moments, but nothing moved again. My mind began to race with possibilities. Was it just my imagination? Or was someone really there?

Shaking my head, I decided not to let paranoia take over. "It's nothing," I muttered to myself, though the uneasy feeling didn't quite leave me.

I stepped out of the room and made my way back to my bedroom. The hallways felt colder than usual, or maybe it was just my nerves playing tricks on me. When I pushed open the door to my room, I found Benedicta already asleep on the bed, her steady breathing a calming rhythm against the chaos in my mind.

Quietly, I locked the door behind me, ensuring it was secure before sitting down on the edge of the bed. My thoughts were a mess, but one thing was clear-I needed answers. Without hesitation, I picked up my phone and dialed Luca's number.

He answered after a few rings, his voice low and cautious. "Lia, is everything okay?"

"No," I admitted, running a hand through my hair. "It's not. I'm scared, Luca. Finn's still unconscious, Alina is convinced I'm to blame, and now" I paused, unsure if I should mention the moving curtains. "Now I feel like I'm being watched."

Luca's tone sharpened. "Watched? What do you mean?"

I hesitated. "It's probably nothing, but I thought I saw something in Finn's room. The curtains moved, but there was no one there."

He was silent for a moment, then said, "You're right to be cautious. This isn't just about Finn's attack. My investigation is pointing to something bigger."

My grip on the phone tightened. "What do you mean?"

"It seems like the same person who killed Lex might be behind Finn's shooting," Luca explained. "Whoever it is, they're not just targeting random people. They know about Bianca, Jenny, you-and maybe more. They've been watching all of you."

The revelation sent chills down my spine. "But why? What do they want?"

"That's what I'm trying to figure out," he said, his frustration evident. "Think, Lia. Is there anyone you've had a recent argument with? Someone who might have a reason to hurt you or the people around you?"

I didn't have to think long. One name came to mind instantly. "Alina," I whispered.

"Alina?" he repeated, his tone growing sharper.

"She's Finn's sister," I explained. "She's never liked me, and today she made it clear she blames me for everything. She said I was a curse and even threatened me if Finn doesn't recover."

Luca was silent for a moment before letting out a low growl. "I need to go."

"Why? What is it?" I asked, panic creeping into my voice.

"I think I've just found a suspect," he said firmly. "If Alina's involved, I need to confirm it."

"No, wait-"

But he had already hung up.

I stared at the phone in disbelief, my heart racing. Could Alina really be behind all of this? It seemed unthinkable, but then again, she had always been cold toward me. She'd made it clear that she didn't want me in Finn's life.

I leaned back against the headboard, trying to calm my breathing. Benedicta stirred slightly in her sleep but didn't wake. The room felt heavy, the shadows on the walls seeming to stretch and shift.

If Luca was right, and Alina was somehow involved, what did that mean for me? For Finn? For everyone else in the pack?

I pressed a hand to my chest, willing my racing heart to slow. Luca would find answers-I trusted him. But the uneasy feeling in my gut told me that things were far from over.

And if Alina really was the enemy, I had no idea how I was going to face her.

____

Alpha Dean's POV

The dim lighting of the room barely illuminated the sleeping figure of Finn. From his hiding place in the shadows, I watched him, the steady beeping of the machines keeping him alive grating on my nerves. A wolf-like him-a supposed alpha-reduced to this? Pathetic.

It was laughable that this weakling thought he could protect someone like Lia. My Lia. He didn't deserve her, and soon enough, he wouldn't even have the chance to try.

I stepped out from the corner where I had been concealed, my boots making no sound against the floor. As I approached Finn's bed, the faint scent of antiseptic and weakness filled the air. The sight of him, pale and defenseless, filled me with satisfaction.

"You've always been in the way, Finn," I murmured, standing over him. My voice was low, but it carried the weight of my hatred. "From the moment Lia entered your life, you've been nothing but a barrier. You thought you could marry her, make her yours? Foolish."

I leaned closer, my lips curling into a sneer. "She's mine. She's always been mine. And no one, not even you, will take her from me."

My hand moved to the pillow resting on the sofa beside the bed. Slowly, I picked it up, feeling the weight of it in my hands. I glanced at Finn one last time, his face peaceful in unconsciousness. It almost felt too easy.

I reached over and turned off the machine providing him with oxygen, the soft hiss of air coming to a halt. The room fell into a tense silence, broken only by the faint hum of the heart monitor.

"Don't worry," I said mockingly, pressing the pillow firmly over his face. "This won't take long."

Finn stirred weakly, his body instinctively struggling against the lack of air. His movements were feeble and uncoordinated, and it only made me press harder.

"You were never strong enough to be alpha," I snarled, leaning more of my weight onto the pillow. "And you'll never be strong enough to keep her."

The heart monitor's beeping quickened for a moment before it began to slow, each interval growing longer and longer. Finn's struggles ceased, his body falling still beneath my hands. The monitor emitted a long, steady tone-a flatline.

I stayed there for a moment, letting the silence sink in, the weight of my actions settling comfortably in my chest. A dark smile spread across my face as I removed the pillow and stepped back, surveying my work.

Finn was gone.

"That's one obstacle out of the way," I said softly, almost to myself.

I adjusted the pillow back on the sofa, ensuring it looked undisturbed, and glanced around the room to confirm there were no signs of struggle. Everything was as it should be.

As I walked toward the door, I couldn't help but smile. Lia would be mine. It was only a matter of time.

No one would stand in my way-not Finn, not Alina, not even Luca. This was just the beginning.



137


Alina's POV

The piercing scream of a maid echoed through the pack house, jolting me from my thoughts. My heart leaped into my throat, and I instinctively rushed toward the source of the commotion. The hallway was alive with murmurs, tension thick in the air as I approached Finn's room.

"What's happening?" I demanded, pushing past a group of maids clustered near the doorway.

The sight before me stole the breath from my lungs. Finn lay still on his bed, his chest unmoving. The monitor that had been beeping steadily earlier now emitted a deafening flatline.

"No!" I shouted, rushing to his side. My hands shook as I pressed them against his lifeless form as if my touch alone could bring him back. "Finn! Wake up!"

One of the maids stepped forward hesitantly, tears streaming down her face. "H-he's gone, Miss Alina. We... we found him like this."

I turned to her, my voice trembling with fury and disbelief. "Gone? What do you mean gone? He was stable just a few hours ago!"

Another maid whispered, "His oxygen machine was off. It looks like someone turned it off deliberately."

The realization hit me like a ton of bricks. Someone had done this. Someone had killed my brother.

Just then, the sound of hurried footsteps reached my ears. I turned to see Lia entering the room, her face pale with confusion and fear.

"You," I spat, my voice laced with venom as I pointed an accusing finger at her. "You did this, didn't you? You couldn't wait to get rid of him!"

Lia's eyes widened in shock. "What? No, I-"

"Don't you dare deny it!" I screamed, cutting her off. "You've been nothing but trouble since the moment you stepped foot in this house. My brother trusted you, and you repaid him with betrayal. You're nothing but a murderer!"

Lia's voice cracked as she tried to defend herself. "Alina, I didn't do this! I loved Finn-"

"Don't you dare say his name!" I roared. "If it weren't for you, he'd still be alive!"

The tension in the room was suffocating, the maids whispering among themselves as they watched the confrontation unfold. Before Lia could respond, a sentinel entered the room, bowing slightly before addressing me.

"The elders have summoned an emergency meeting in the council chamber," he said gravely.

I straightened, my anger simmering just beneath the surface. "Good. Maybe they'll finally do something about her," I said, casting one last glare at Lia before storming out of the room.

The council chamber was already filled with murmuring voices when I arrived. The elders, their faces etched with concern, sat at the head of the table, their presence commanding the room's attention.

Moments later, Lia entered, followed closely by Bianca and Jenny. The sight of them made my blood boil.

"You!" I shouted, pointing at Bianca and Jenny as they tried to slink into the room unnoticed. "What are you even doing here? Do you think I don't know what you've been up to?"

Bianca raised an eyebrow, feigning innocence. "Alina, what are you talking about?"

"Don't play dumb with me!" I snapped. "You've been scheming against Lia since the beginning. And now, Finn is dead! Did you think I wouldn't put the pieces together?"

Jenny scoffed, crossing her arms over her chest. "You're letting your emotions cloud your judgment, Alina. We had nothing to do with this."

"Liar!" I screamed, slamming my hands down on the table. "You've been plotting to get rid of her for weeks. Maybe you were aiming for Lia and got Finn instead, or maybe you wanted them both gone. Either way, I won't rest until I find out the truth."

The elders exchanged wary glances, one of them raising a hand to calm the room. "Alina, we understand your grief, but accusations without proof will not help us resolve this situation."

"Proof?" I laughed bitterly. "You want proof? Look no further than these two snakes," I said, pointing at Bianca and Jenny. "They've been meddling in everything from the start."

Bianca glared at me, her composure slipping. "Be careful with your words, Alina. You don't want to make enemies you can't handle."

"Oh, trust me," I shot back. "You've been my enemy for a long time. And when I find out exactly what role you played in my brother's death, you'll regret ever stepping foot in this pack."

The elders intervened, their voices firm as they called for order in the room. But my fury couldn't be contained. I didn't trust Lia. I didn't trust Bianca or Jenny. And until I uncovered the truth, none of them were safe from my wrath.

As the meeting continued, I vowed to myself that I would get justice for Finn, no matter the cost. Even if it meant tearing this entire pack apart to find the person responsible.

___

Lia's POV

My hands trembled as I dialed Luca's number, pacing back and forth in my room. The packed house was in chaos, and I could feel the weight of the accusations hurled at me earlier by Alina. Finn's death had turned everything upside down, and now I was the target of everyone's anger and suspicion.

"Luca, thank God you picked up," I said the moment he answered, my voice quivering with urgency.

"What happened, Lia?" he asked, his tone steady but concerned.

I quickly recounted everything-the maid's scream, Finn's death, Alina's accusations, and the looming meeting with the elders. My voice cracked as I reached the part where Alina had called me a murderer.

"She's blaming me, Luca. She thinks I killed Finn," I said, struggling to hold back my tears.

"Lia, listen to me," Luca said firmly, his voice a calming presence amid the chaos. "I need you to stay put. Don't confront anyone or make any rash decisions. This isn't the time to act on emotion. I'll handle this."

"But, Luca-"

"Trust me, Lia," he interrupted. "I'll get to the bottom of this. For now, just stay where you are, and don't let anyone provoke you. You're not alone in this."

I nodded, even though he couldn't see me. "Okay. Please, just hurry."

"I will," he promised before the line went dead.

I turned to find Benedicta sitting on the edge of my bed, her expression one of quiet determination. She had been with me since the chaos erupted, a steadfast presence that kept me from completely unraveling.

"Luca's right," she said softly, taking my hand. "You need to stay calm. Alina's grief is clouding her judgment, but the truth will come out eventually. You're innocent, Lia."

Her words were meant to comfort me, but they barely made a dent in the storm of emotions raging inside me. Before I could respond, the door to my room slammed open, and Bianca and Jenny stormed in, their faces twisted with anger.

"How dare you?" Bianca seethed, her voice loud and grating. "How dare you come into this pack and destroy everything?"

"You've been nothing but trouble since the moment you arrived," Jenny added, her tone dripping with disdain. "And now Finn is dead. Do you think we're going to let you get away with this?"

I stepped back, the venom in their words hitting me like a slap. "I didn't do anything!" I snapped, my voice rising.

Bianca scoffed, stepping closer. "Don't play innocent, Lia. We know what you're capable of. You've been a thorn in everyone's side, and now you've gone too far."

Their accusations ignited a fire inside me, and I clenched my fists at my sides. "You want to talk about going too far?" I said, my voice shaking with fury. "I know what you've been up to. I know you planned to kill me."

Both women froze, their eyes widening in shock. "What are you talking about?" Jenny asked, her voice quieter now.

"Don't play dumb," I spat. "I overheard you two talking. You wanted me out of the way, and now Finn is dead because of your schemes. I've kept quiet for too long, but not anymore. I'm going to the elders, and I'm telling them everything."

Panic flashed across Bianca's face, but she quickly masked it with anger. "You don't have any proof," she said, her voice trembling slightly.

"I don't need proof," I shot back. "The elders will investigate, and when they find out the truth, you'll pay for what you've done."

Benedicta stepped forward, placing a steadying hand on my arm. "That's enough, Lia," she said gently. "Don't let them bait you."

I took a deep breath, realizing she was right. Bianca and Jenny weren't worth losing my composure over.

"I've said what I needed to say," I told them, my voice calmer now but no less resolute. "You can leave."

For a moment, neither of them moved their faces a mixture of anger and fear. Then, without another word, they turned and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind them.

Benedicta sighed, giving my hand a reassuring squeeze. "You did the right thing, standing up to them. But now you need to be prepared for whatever comes next."

I nodded, my resolve hardening. "I won't let them pin this on me, Benedicta. I didn't kill Finn, and I won't let them ruin my life."

With her by my side, I felt a flicker of hope amid the chaos. The road ahead would be treacherous, but I was determined to fight for the truth.



138
Bianca's POV

The air in the pack house was suffocating, laden with tension so thick it was nearly tangible. Finn's death had cast a dark shadow over everything, and it was a matter of time before accusations and suspicions boiled over. My hands trembled as I paced my room, my mind racing.

This wasn't part of the plan.

Jenny sat on the bed, her arms crossed tightly over her chest, her face pale but defiant. "Bianca, this is getting out of hand. Lia knows something. She practically accused us in front of Benedicta."

I whirled on her, my voice sharp. "And what exactly do you think we should do about it? Go to the elders and confess? Because that's what your panicking sounds like."

Jenny flinched, her composure cracking. "No, but if Alina starts digging, we're finished. She's furious. She'll turn over every stone to find out who killed Finn, and when she does, we'll be the first ones she looks at."

I clenched my jaw, staring out the window. The moonlight illuminated the pack grounds, tranquil and deceptive. Inside, chaos brewed.

"Let her look," I said finally, my voice cold. "Let her throw her tantrums and hurl accusations. We didn't kill Finn, and she won't find anything linking us to his death."

"But we-"

"Enough!" I snapped, my patience fraying. "We aimed for Lia, not Finn. And now Finn's dead. That complicates things, yes, but it doesn't mean we fold. We stick to the story, keep our heads down, and let this storm blow over."

Jenny hesitated, uncertainty written all over her face. "And what if it doesn't blow over? What if Alina gets to the truth?"

I turned to her, my eyes narrowing. "Then we make sure she doesn't. We've come too far to let everything unravel now."

The silence that followed was heavy, but Jenny nodded reluctantly. I knew she was scared. Hell, I was too. But fear was a luxury I couldn't afford. Not now.


---

Alina's POV

The crackle of the fire in the library offered no comfort as I sat across from Dean. His face was a mask of quiet fury, his sharp features illuminated by the flickering flames.

"My brother is dead," I said, breaking the silence, my voice heavy with barely contained rage. "And no one is telling me anything. Not the elders, not the sentinels-no one. It's like they're trying to sweep this under the rug."

Dean leaned forward, his intense gaze locking onto mine. "They won't. Not if we don't let them."

I clenched my fists, my nails digging into my palms. "I can't believe this is happening. Finn... he was supposed to recover. He was supposed to lead this pack again. And now..." My voice broke, and I looked away, swallowing the lump in my throat.

Dean reached out, his hand covering mine. "I know how much he meant to you, Alina. We'll find out who did this. Whoever they are, they won't get away with it."

I nodded, grateful for his steady presence. "I need your help, Dean. I can't do this alone."

"Of course," he said firmly. "But we need to be smart about this. Whoever killed Finn isn't going to just confess. They'll cover their tracks, and we'll need to dig deep to uncover the truth."

I sat back, trying to piece everything together. "The maids said his oxygen was turned off. That means whoever did it was in the room. They had to be someone who could get close to him without raising suspicion."

Dean frowned, his mind clearly working through the possibilities. "You think it was someone from the pack?"

I hesitated, the thought twisting my stomach. "I don't want to believe it, but who else could it be? An outsider wouldn't have had the opportunity. Someone here killed my brother, and they need to pay for it."

Dean nodded slowly. "Then we start with the obvious suspects. Who would have had something to gain from Finn's death?"

"Lia," I said immediately, bitterness lacing my words. "She's been nothing but a thorn in our side. She was in the room right after it happened, and she's been causing problems since the moment she arrived."

Dean considered this, but his expression remained neutral. "Lia has been a source of tension, yes. But killing Finn? That's a bold move, even for her. We can't let personal feelings cloud our judgment, Alina."

I bristled, but he was right. As much as I despised Lia, we needed evidence, not just suspicions.

"Bianca and Jenny," I said after a moment. "They've been scheming for weeks. They hated Lia, and they might have seen Finn as collateral damage."

Dean's jaw tightened. "If they're involved, we'll find out. But we'll need to tread carefully. Accusing them outright could backfire. They'll close ranks if they feel threatened."

"Then we don't accuse them," I said, a plan forming in my mind. "We watch them. We listen. If they're guilty, they'll slip up eventually."

Dean's lips curved into a faint smile. "Now you're thinking like a leader."

Despite the gravity of the situation, his words warmed me. Finn had always been the leader, the one everyone looked to for guidance. Now, it was up to me to step into that role.

"Where do we start?" I asked determination, hardening my resolve.

Dean leaned back, his eyes glinting with a mix of determination and something darker. "We start by making them think we're not looking. Let them believe they've gotten away with it. People get careless when they think the heat is off."

I nodded, a grim smile forming on my lips. "And when they slip, we'll be ready."


---

Bianca's POV

The tension in the air was palpable as I entered the pack's main hall. The elders were speaking in hushed tones, their faces etched with concern. The weight of their scrutiny was suffocating, but I kept my expression neutral.

"Bianca," one of them said, gesturing for me to approach.

I stepped forward, inclining my head respectfully. "Elder Markus, how can I help you?"

His sharp eyes bore into mine. "There have been... troubling developments regarding Finn's death. The pack is in turmoil, and we need answers."

I forced a look of concern onto my face. "Of course, Elder. I'll do whatever I can to assist."

Markus studied me for a moment before nodding. "See that you do. The pack's stability depends on it."

I nodded and excused myself, my heart pounding as I left the hall. Jenny was waiting for me outside, her expression anxious.

"What did they want?" she asked.

"Nothing we didn't already expect," I said tightly. "They're looking for answers, and they're watching everyone closely. We need to be careful, Jenny. One wrong move, and we're done."

Jenny swallowed hard, her fear evident. "What if they find out, Bianca? What if they figure out that we-"

"They won't," I interrupted sharply. "We didn't kill Finn. Let them investigate all they want. They'll find nothing."

But even as I said the words, doubt gnawed at me. Alina was relentless, and Dean's quiet intensity was unnerving. They wouldn't stop until they uncovered the truth.

And if that truth led back to us...

I shook the thought away, forcing myself to focus. I couldn't afford to let fear cloud my judgment. Not now.

"We stick to the plan," I said firmly. "No more mistakes. No more slip-ups. We see this through, no matter what."

Jenny nodded reluctantly, but I could see the cracks forming in her resolve. I just hoped those cracks wouldn't bring everything crashing down around us.


---

Alina's POV

Dean and I stood in Finn's room, the oppressive silence heavy with unspoken grief. The maids had cleaned up, but the lingering scent of antiseptic couldn't mask the memories of what had happened here.

"This is where it started," I said quietly, my eyes scanning the room. "Whoever killed Finn was in this room, Dean. They stood right here and..." My voice faltered, and I clenched my fists. "They took him from me."

Dean placed a reassuring hand on my shoulder. "We'll find them, Alina. And when we do, they'll pay."

I nodded, my jaw set with determination. "They think they've won. They think they've gotten away with it. But they haven't. We'll make sure of that."

Dean's eyes gleamed with fierce resolve. "Together."

As we left the room, a sense of purpose settled over me. Finn's death wouldn't be in vain. I would uncover the truth, no matter what it took. And when I did, justice would be served.



139
  

Alina's POV

The dim glow of the moon seeped through my window, casting long, wavering shadows on the walls. The silence in the pack house was almost unnerving, a stark contrast to the turmoil in my mind. Finn's death haunted me relentlessly-his smile, his laugh, the way he always seemed to hold the pack together. Now he was gone, and we were left scrambling in the dark to uncover who had ripped him away from us.

But I wouldn't rest until I knew.

A soft knock on my door startled me. My heart raced as I got up cautiously. No one should have been awake at this hour. Opening the door, I was met with a familiar face-Dean.

I pulled him inside quickly, locking the door behind him. "You shouldn't be here," I whispered sharply.

Dean leaned against the wall, his face etched with exhaustion but his eyes burning with determination. "I couldn't stay hidden any longer, Alina. We're running out of time."

I nodded, knowing he was right but unwilling to admit it aloud. Dean had been staying in one of the abandoned cabins on the outskirts of the territory, far from prying eyes. He was supposed to be safe there, invisible to the pack, but he'd risked exposure to come here tonight.

"What have you found?" I asked, motioning for him to sit on the edge of my bed.

He lowered himself, running a hand through his hair. "Not much, but enough to know that Bianca and Jenny are lying about something. They're always together, whispering, avoiding questions about that night."

I frowned. "Bianca's smart. She knows how to keep her tracks clean. If she's involved, she won't slip up easily."

Dean leaned forward, his elbows resting on his knees. "Then we push harder. We need to get inside her head and make her paranoid. The guilt will eat away at her if she's hiding something."

A lump formed in my throat at the thought of manipulating someone like that, but Dean was right. This wasn't about playing nice; it was about finding the truth.

"And Jenny?" I asked. "Do you think she's capable of"

"Murder?" Dean finished for me, his expression grim. "No. But she might know something. Bianca's the leader-Jenny just follows."

I bit my lip, my mind churning. "If we're going to confront them, we need solid evidence first. Otherwise, they'll just deny it, and we'll lose the element of surprise."

Dean nodded. "Agreed. I'll keep digging. In the meantime, stay close to them. Watch their movements, listen to what they're not saying."

I met his gaze, a surge of gratitude and determination swelling within me. "Thank you, Dean. For being here."

He smiled faintly. "For Finn, I'd do anything."

\---

Bianca's POV

The weight of the world seemed to press down on me as I wandered through the quiet halls of the pack house. Jenny was asleep-finally-after I'd spent hours convincing her that everything would be fine. But even as I spoke those words to her, I wasn't sure I believed them myself.

I'd lied before, covered for mistakes, but this this was different. Finn's death wasn't something I could brush under the rug. Alina's eyes, sharp and accusing, were constantly on me, and Lia wasn't far behind. They could smell the fear, the guilt, no matter how hard I tried to hide it.

Reaching the kitchen, I poured myself a glass of water and leaned against the counter. My reflection in the window stared back at me, pale and drawn. I hated what I'd become-hated the lies, the deceit, the constant fear of being caught.

A creak behind me snapped me out of my thoughts. I turned sharply, my heart racing, but the kitchen was empty.

"Get a grip," I muttered to myself.

Still, I couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching.

\---

The next morning, I forced myself to act normal, even as my insides churned. Alina was in the dining room, her usual spot at the head of the table. She didn't look at me directly, but I could feel her scrutiny.

"Morning," I said casually, taking my seat.

"Morning," she replied, her tone clipped.

Jenny joined a moment later, her movements stiff and awkward. I shot her a warning glance, silently willing her to pull it together.

"So," Alina began, her eyes flicking between us, "have you two remembered anything useful about that night?"

"No," I said quickly. "We've already told you everything we know."

Jenny nodded, her voice barely above a whisper. "It was chaos. I can't remember much."

Alina hummed thoughtfully, her gaze lingering on me a moment too long. "Funny how everyone else seems to recall where they were, what they were doing. But you two your stories are always vague."

I clenched my fists under the table, forcing a calm smile. "We've been through this, Alina. We didn't see anything suspicious."

"Hmm," she said again, leaning back in her chair. "Well, let me know if you suddenly remember anything."

The tension was unbearable, and I excused myself as soon as I could. Jenny followed, her face pale.

"She knows," Jenny whispered as we stepped outside. "Bianca, she knows."

"She doesn't," I snapped, more harshly than I intended. "She's fishing for a reaction. Don't give her one."

Jenny nodded, but her fear was palpable. I needed to keep her calm, or she'd unravel everything.

\---

Alina's POV

I watched Bianca and Jenny retreat, their fear as plain as day. Dean was right-they were hiding something. I just needed to figure out what.

After breakfast, I made my way to the forest, where Dean was waiting in the shadows.

"They're cracking," I told him. "Jenny's barely holding it together, and Bianca's doing everything she can to cover for her."

Dean nodded, his expression serious. "Then we press harder. Let the pressure build until they can't take it anymore."

I hesitated, a pang of guilt tugging at me. "And what if we're wrong? What if they're just scared because they think we'll blame them for something they didn't do?"

Dean's jaw tightened. "Then we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But right now, they're our best lead."

I nodded reluctantly. "What's our next move?"

Dean's eyes gleamed with determination. "We follow them. Tonight, after everyone's asleep. If they're up to something, we'll catch them in the act."

\---

Bianca's POV

That night, I couldn't shake the feeling of being watched. Every creak of the floorboards and every rustle of the wind set my nerves on edge.

Jenny had fallen asleep early, but I couldn't rest. Something about Alina's questions this morning had rattled me more than I wanted to admit.

Unable to sit still, I slipped out of my room and headed for the woods. The darkness was oppressive, but the cool air helped clear my head.

I didn't notice the figure trailing me until it was too late.

"Out for a midnight stroll?"

I spun around, my heart pounding. Alina stood a few feet away, her arms crossed, her expression unreadable.

"I couldn't sleep," I said quickly. "What are you doing out here?"

"Same," she said, stepping closer. "Funny how we keep running into each other."

Her gaze was piercing, and I felt like she could see right through me.

"What do you want, Alina?" I asked, trying to keep my voice steady.

"The truth," she said bluntly. "About that night. About Finn."

I forced a laugh, even as my stomach churned. "I already told you-"

"Stop lying, Bianca," she snapped, her voice low but dangerous. "I know you're hiding something, and I won't stop until I find out what it is."

My breath caught, but I managed to keep my composure. "I don't know what you're talking about."

She stepped even closer, her eyes blazing. "You can deny it all you want, but the truth always comes out. And when it does, I hope you're ready for the consequences."

I held her gaze, refusing to back down, but inside, I was crumbling. If Alina kept digging, it was only a matter of time before she uncovered everything.

And when she did, there'd be no turning back.
140
###chapter 140

Lia's POV

The evening air was thick with tension as I made my way to meet Luca. My heart raced, both from the fear of what had happened earlier and the anticipation of finally sharing everything with someone who might be able to help. Finn's death, the accusations, the chaos-it all weighed heavily on me, and I needed clarity, answers, and protection.

The narrow path I took was shrouded in darkness, with the faint sound of rustling leaves accompanying my footsteps. A sense of unease crept over me, like eyes were watching me from the shadows. I stopped in my tracks and glanced around, but nothing seemed out of the ordinary.

"Get a grip, Lia," I whispered to myself, resuming my walk.

The unease didn't leave, though. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and the cool night air seemed to grow colder. Suddenly, a hand clamped over my mouth, stifling my scream as another arm wrapped tightly around my waist, dragging me into the nearby thicket.

"Shh, don't make a sound," a voice hissed in my ear.

My heart pounded wildly as I struggled against my captor, but his grip was ironclad. He pushed me against a tree, his face coming into view under the dim moonlight. It was Dean. My breath hitched in shock.

"Dean?" I managed to whisper, my voice trembling.

A sinister smirk spread across his face as he held a gun to my head. "Miss me, Lia? You should have known better than to wander around alone."

"Let me go!" I spat, trying to push him away. "What do you want?"

"What I've always wanted," he growled, his tone dripping with malice. "You. But first, let's deal with something else." His smirk faded, replaced by cold fury. "Do you know how tempting it was to finish you off along with Finn? But no, that would've been too easy. I wanted you to see what happens when you cross me."

The realization hit me like a freight train. "You killed Finn," I accused, my voice shaking with both fear and anger.

Dean laughed, the sound chilling in its cruelty. "Oh, don't sound so surprised. Finn was always in the way, but now? Now it's just you and me."

I swallowed hard, forcing myself to stay calm despite the panic threatening to consume me. My eyes darted to the gun in his hand. I had to act fast.

With a surge of adrenaline, I twisted my body and slammed my elbow into his side. He grunted in pain, loosening his grip just enough for me to wrestle the gun from his hand. The cold metal felt foreign in my grasp, and my hands shook as I pointed it at him.

"Stay back!" I warned, my voice unsteady.

Dean chuckled darkly, his confidence unshaken. "You don't even know how to use that thing."

Before I could respond, he lunged at me. My finger slipped, and the gun fell from my grasp. Dean snatched it up quickly, his smirk returning as he held it up triumphantly.

"Well, that was cute," he sneered, stepping closer. "But playtime's over."

I braced myself for the worst, but instead of pulling the trigger, he backed away. "You're not worth the bullet... yet. But don't think this is over, Lia. Not by a long shot."

With that, he disappeared into the darkness, leaving me shaken and breathless.

It took me a moment to gather myself, my legs trembling as I stumbled out of the thicket. I had to get to Luca. He was the only one who could help now.

When I finally reached Luca's place, I was a disheveled mess, tears streaming down my face as I banged on his door. He opened it quickly, his expression shifting from confusion to alarm when he saw me.

"Lia, what happened?" he asked, ushering me inside.

"It's Dean," I said, my voice breaking. "He followed me, abducted me, and-he confessed. He's the one who killed Finn."

Luca's jaw tightened, his hands balling into fists. "Are you sure?"

I nodded. "He even had a gun. He threatened me... I barely escaped."

Luca placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Listen to me, Lia. You need to go back home and act like nothing happened."

"What?" I exclaimed, disbelief and frustration bubbling to the surface. "I can't just pretend-"

"Lia," he interrupted, his tone firm. "This is bigger than you or me. If Dean's responsible for Finn's death, I need to handle this carefully. If he knows you're onto him, it could get worse."

I bit my lip, torn between my fear and my trust in Luca. "But what if he comes after me again?"

"I won't let that happen," he assured me. "Just trust me, okay? Go home, stay safe, and leave the rest to me."

Reluctantly, I nodded. "Okay. But please, Luca... don't let him get away with this."

"I won't," he promised, his voice like steel.

\---

Luca's POV

After Lia left, I sat in my office, my mind racing. Dean. The name left a bitter taste in my mouth. I had hoped never to deal with him again, but now he was at the center of a storm that threatened to tear everything apart.

I picked up my phone and dialed his number, masking my anger with a carefully controlled tone. He answered on the second ring.

"Dean," I said, keeping my voice neutral. "It's been a while."

There was a pause on the other end before he responded. "Luca. To what do I owe the pleasure?"

"I heard you were back in town," I said smoothly. "Thought we should catch up."

Dean chuckled, the sound grating on my nerves. "Is that so? Or are you calling about something else?"

I clenched my jaw, forcing myself to remain calm. "Just wanted to make sure everything's going smoothly on your end. You know, no loose ends."

"Smooth as ever," he replied, his tone smug. "But you already knew that, didn't you?"

I leaned back in my chair, my grip tightening on the phone. "Good. Because I'd hate for any... complications to arise."

Dean laughed, a low, menacing sound. "Don't worry, Luca. I know how to handle complications."

The line went dead, and I placed the phone down, my mind racing with plans and contingencies. Dean was playing a dangerous game, and I couldn't afford to let him win. Lia's safety-and the truth about Finn's death-depended on it.

For now, I needed to act like I didn't know anything, to keep Dean from suspecting my involvement. But behind the s

scenes, I would unravel his schemes piece by piece until there was nowhere left for him to hide.
141


Alina's POV

The house was silent as I made my way to the hidden room I had secretly arranged for Dean. I had to be cautious; no one could know he was here, especially now. Tomorrow was Finn's funeral, and the emotions in the house were already running high.

When I finally reached the door, I hesitated. Taking a deep breath, I knocked softly. Dean opened the door, his sharp features illuminated by the dim light inside. His expression was unreadable, but there was a fire in his eyes-calculated and dangerous.

"We need to talk," I said, stepping into the room.

Dean shut the door behind me and leaned against the wall, crossing his arms. "About what?"

"Finn," I said firmly. "We need to come up with a plan to find out who killed him. Tomorrow's the funeral, and people are starting to ask questions. We can't keep sitting in silence."

Dean smirked, his eyes gleaming with something that made my stomach turn. "Oh, I already have a plan."

I blinked, taken aback. "You do?"

He walked over to the small table in the corner and picked up an object. It took me a moment to realize it was a gun. My breath caught in my throat.

"This," he said, holding it up for me to see, "is the gun that killed Finn."

Shock coursed through me. "How-where did you find that?"

Dean's smirk widened. "I've been... doing some digging of my own."

My head spun as questions flooded my mind. "Who does it belong to?"

Dean took a step closer, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. "Lia... and her lover, Luca."

My eyes widened. "What? No. That's impossible!"

"Oh, it's very possible," he said, his tone dripping with mockery. "I've got proof."

He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. On the screen was a text message. I leaned in to read it, my heart pounding.

Lia: Come to my bedroom tonight. We need to talk.

The words blurred before my eyes as disbelief washed over me. "She knows you're here?" I asked, my voice trembling.

Dean shrugged nonchalantly. "We've been in touch. She reached out to me the moment she found out I was back."

My head snapped up. "Why didn't you tell me this earlier?"

"I didn't think it mattered," he said with a smirk. "But now, it seems like it does."

I clenched my fists, anger bubbling to the surface. "So, what's your plan? Confront her? Expose her?"

"Not yet," Dean replied, his tone calm. "Let her play her little games. I'll make my move when the time is right."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Lia had been hiding so much from all of us, and now she was involved in Finn's murder? It didn't add up, but I couldn't ignore the evidence.

"Fine," I said, my voice hard. "I'll be waiting to see how this unfolds."

Dean's smirk returned, and he pocketed his phone. "You won't be disappointed."


---

Lia's POV

The night was unusually still, the kind of silence that made every creak of the house sound like a thunderclap. I lay in bed, the weight of the day pressing down on me. Tomorrow was Finn's funeral, and I couldn't shake the unease that had settled in my chest.

I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew, I heard the faint creak of my bedroom door. My eyes fluttered open, and for a moment, I thought I was dreaming. A dark figure loomed near the foot of my bed.

"Who's there?" I mumbled, my voice groggy.

Before I could fully sit up, the figure pounced on me, pinning me down. A strong hand clamped over my mouth as the other tried to force my face toward theirs. I struggled against the weight, panic surging through me.

"Stop it!" I muffled against the hand, thrashing wildly.

Suddenly, the room was flooded with light. I froze as I heard a shrill scream. Alina stood by the door, her face twisted in rage.

"Dean!" she shouted. "What the hell are you doing?"

Dean scrambled off me, but the damage was done. I sat up, disheveled and confused, as Alina stormed into the room. She didn't stop at Dean. Her furious gaze locked onto me.

"What is going on here?" I demanded, my voice shaking.

"You little slut!" Alina hissed, marching toward me. Before I could react, her hand connected with my cheek in a sharp slap that left my skin stinging. "You dare bring a man into this house, under this roof, after your husband was murdered?"

"What are you talking about?" I stammered, still reeling from the slap. "I didn't bring anyone here!"

"Oh, really?" Alina sneered. "Then why was he in your room? And what's this?"

She yanked open one of the drawers of my bedside table. My heart stopped as she pulled out a gun-the same gun Dean had shown her earlier.

"That's not mine!" I cried, standing up. "I've never seen that before!"

By now, Bianca, Jenny, and several of the house staff had gathered outside the room, drawn by the commotion. Their shocked whispers filled the air as Alina brandished the gun like a trophy.

"Don't even try to deny it," she spat. "You've been sneaking around with Dean, plotting God knows what while pretending to mourn Finn."

"That's not true!" I shouted, my voice cracking with desperation. "I don't even know why Dean is here!"

Dean, who had been silent until now, stepped forward with a smirk. "Oh, come on, Lia. Don't act like you didn't invite me. I have the texts to prove it."

My blood ran cold. "What texts? I never-"

Before I could finish, Alina cut me off. "Save it for the police," she snapped. "They're on their way, and you're going to rot in jail for what you've done."

Panic clawed at my throat as I looked around the room, searching for someone-anyone-who might believe me. But all I saw were faces filled with suspicion and judgment.

Dean's smirk widened, and Alina stood triumphant, the gun still clutched in her hand. The walls of the room seemed to close in around me as the weight of the accusations pressed down on my chest.

I was trapped. And for the first time, I wasn't sure if I could find a way out.



142

Lia's POV 

The cold metal cuffs dug into my wrists as the officers led me out of the house. I kept my head down, unable to meet the eyes of the house staff who peered through windows and doorways, their expressions ranging from shock to satisfaction. The last thing I saw before stepping out into the night was Alina's smug grin, half-hidden in the shadows of the hallway.

My mind raced as the car bumped along the dark road toward the police station. The reality of the situation was setting in, twisting my stomach into knots. Finn, my husband of just a few days, was dead, and I was the prime suspect. The betrayal I felt wasn't just from the accusations; it was from knowing who had orchestrated this. Alina and Dean. They had been behind this from the start, pulling strings in the dark while I blindly played into their hands.

We arrived at the station, and I was ushered into an interrogation room with walls so gray and lifeless they seemed to suck the air out of my lungs. The fluorescent lights hummed overhead, casting an unforgiving glare. A police officer with a stern face sat down across from me, flipping through a thick file.

"Mrs. Cross," he said, his voice void of any emotion. "Tell me again what happened the night Finn died."

"I've told you everything I know," I said, trying to keep my voice steady. "I was in my room when I heard the shot. By the time I got there, it was too late. Finn was already-" My throat closed up, but I forced myself to continue. "He was already gone."

The officer leaned back, crossing his arms as he scrutinized me. "You were married for what, a week? And now your husband is dead. That's quite the coincidence, wouldn't you say?"

I clenched my jaw. "What are you implying? That I married him just to kill him?"

"You tell me, Mrs. Cross. We've seen strange things. And right now, you're the only suspect we have. No one else had a motive or opportunity like you did."

I shook my head, my vision blurring with tears I refused to shed. "I didn't kill him. He was my husband. He-"

"Your husband of barely a week," the officer interrupted coldly. "This isn't the love story you're making it out to be."

A silence fell over the room, thick and suffocating. I knew arguing wouldn't help. They were convinced I was guilty. But this wasn't just an interrogation; it was the first step in a well-planned setup. Dean and Alina had thought of everything, leaving me trapped with no way out.

As the hours dragged on, I answered their questions over and over, each word feeling more futile than the last. With every passing second, my hope dimmed. The only glimmer of light was the thought of Luca and Benedicta. They had to know what was happening. They had to find me and prove my innocence before it was too late.


---

Bianca's POV

I sat in the kitchen, fingers drumming nervously on the table as Jenny made tea. The silence in the house felt strange, almost peaceful without Lia's presence, but it also felt hollow. After all the weeks of suspicion and tension, the weight had shifted. And now, Lia was the one under the spotlight.

"Can you believe it?" Jenny said as she sat across from me, her eyes wide with disbelief. "Lia. Of all people."

"I can," I replied, keeping my voice calm despite the flutter of nerves in my chest. "She's been acting strange for weeks. Sneaking around with that man, Dean. Who knows what else she's been hiding."

Jenny leaned in, her voice dropping to a whisper. "Do you really think she did it? Killed Finn?"

I stared at the steam rising from my cup, letting the question linger in the air. It was a question I hadn't dared to answer, even in my own mind. "I don't know," I said finally. "But if she didn't, she's doing a terrible job of proving her innocence."

Jenny nodded, her face a mix of relief and guilt. "At least we're not the ones being questioned anymore. For weeks, I felt like every eye in this house was watching us, waiting for one of us to slip."

I opened my mouth to agree when raised voices from the hallway caught our attention. We exchanged a glance and got up, moving toward the noise. Peering around the corner, we saw Alina standing close to a man I didn't recognize. He was tall, with sharp eyes and an air of danger that made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up.

"Who is that?" Jenny whispered, clutching my arm.

I shook my head, watching as Alina spoke in low, hurried tones to the man. There was something about their interaction-an urgency that hinted at secrets far deeper than we had imagined.

"We need to find out who he is," Jenny said, a determined edge in her voice. "If we know who he is and why he's here, maybe we can understand what's really happening. And maybe we can make sure Lia never steps foot in this house again."

I nodded, my heart thudding with a mix of fear and anticipation. Lia might have been taken away, but it was clear that her influence lingered. If this man was involved, then he was a piece of the puzzle that could unravel everything.

As we stepped back into the kitchen, I couldn't shake the feeling that the storm was far from over. Lia's absence had given us a reprieve, but it hadn't ended the game. And in this house, secrets had a way of rising to the surface, no matter how deeply they were buried.

Jenny and I exchanged a silent agreement: we had to be vigilant. If we wanted to keep our place secure, if we wanted to ensure Lia didn't return to reclaim her spot and tear us down, we needed to be ready for whatever came next.

The tension in the house was palpable, and the silence that followed was more telling than any words spoken. This wasn't over. Not by a long shot.




143
  
Luca's POV

I arrived at Benedicta's house as fast as I could, my heart pounding. Her frantic call hadn't given me much information, but the panic in her voice was enough to send alarms ringing in my head. When I walked in, she was pacing the room, her face pale and her hands trembling.

"Benedicta, what's wrong?" I asked.

She stopped and turned to me, her eyes filled with worry. "It's Lia. I think something's happened to her. I could feel it, Luca. She's in trouble."

Her words unsettled me, but I tried to stay calm. "What do you mean you feel it? Have you tried calling her?"

"I've called her multiple times, but she's not picking up," she said, her voice trembling. "Luca, I'm scared."

I immediately pulled out my phone and dialed Lia's number. It rang, but there was no answer. I tried again and again, but it went straight to voicemail. The unease in my chest grew heavier.

Just then, my phone buzzed with an incoming call. I quickly answered, hoping it was Lia, but it was Jenny.

"Jenny," I said urgently, "where's Lia? Is she okay?"

There was a brief pause before Jenny replied coldly, "She's been arrested."

"What? Arrested? What are you talking about?" My voice rose in disbelief.

"They think she killed Finn," Jenny said bluntly. "The police came and took her."

"That's impossible! Lia would never-" I started, but she cut me off.

"I don't know, Luca. All I know is that she's in custody now. The evidence points to her," Jenny said, her voice devoid of emotion.

"Which police station?" I demanded, but Jenny hung up before answering. I stared at my phone in frustration and disbelief.

"What happened?" Benedicta asked, her voice trembling.

"They've arrested Lia. They're accusing her of killing Finn," I said, my voice thick with anger.

Benedicta gasped, her hands flying to her mouth. "No that's not true. That's not true!"

"I know it's not true, but they've taken her," I said, running a hand through my hair. "I need to find out where she is."

As I turned to leave, my phone buzzed again. This time, it was an unknown number. I hesitated before answering.

"Hello?"

"It's Dean," a deep voice said on the other end.

My grip on the phone tightened. "What do you want?"

"We need to talk," Dean said calmly. "Meet me at the old warehouse on Fifth Street. You know the place."

I hesitated. "Why should I trust you?"

"You don't have a choice if you want to help Lia," Dean replied before hanging up.

I looked at Benedicta. "I have to go. I'll let you know as soon as I find out what's going on."

\---

The warehouse was dimly lit, the smell of rust and decay filling the air. Dean was already there, leaning casually against a pillar as if he didn't have a care in the world. His calm demeanor only fueled my anger.

"You better have a good reason for dragging me here," I snapped as I approached him.

Dean smirked. "Relax, Luca. I've got answers. You'll want to hear this."

"I'm not in the mood for games, Dean. Tell me what you know about Lia," I demanded.

Dean straightened up, his expression turning serious. "Fine. Here it is. I killed Finn."

The words hit me like a punch to the gut. I stared at him, my mind reeling. "What did you just say?"

"I killed Finn," he repeated, his tone cold and matter-of-fact.

"You're lying," I said, my voice shaking with fury.

Dean's smirk returned. "Why would I lie about something like that?"

Before I could stop myself, I swung at him, my fist connecting with his jaw. He stumbled back but quickly recovered, wiping a hand across his mouth.

"Feel better?" he asked, his tone mocking.

"You bastard!" I snarled. "Why would you kill him? Why would you frame Lia?"

Dean's expression darkened. "I didn't frame Lia. I saved her."

"Saved her?" I spat. "You ruined her life!"

"No, I saved it," he said firmly. "Alina wanted Lia dead. She had everything planned out. I stopped her by taking Finn out first."

I froze, his words sinking in. "What are you talking about?"

"Alina saw Lia as a threat," Dean explained. "She was going to have her killed. I intervened. Finn was collateral damage."

I shook my head, trying to make sense of it all. "And you think that makes it okay?"

Dean shrugged. "It's not about what's okay. It's about what's necessary. If I hadn't stepped in, Lia would be dead right now."

I clenched my fists, torn between anger and confusion. "Why are you telling me this?"

"Because we need to deal with Alina," Dean said simply. "She's the real problem here. Get rid of her, and Lia's name can be cleared."

"You're insane," I said, shaking my head. "This is your mess. You clean it up."

Dean stepped closer, his expression serious. "You care about Lia, don't you? Then do what needs to be done. Alina won't stop until Lia's out of the picture-for good."

I stared at him, my mind racing. If what he said was true, Alina was more dangerous than I'd realized. But trusting Dean felt like making a deal with the devil.

"Why should I trust you?" I asked.

"Because I'm the only one who can help you," Dean said. "Think about it, Luca. You don't have much time."

He walked away, leaving me alone with my thoughts. I stood there for a long time, the weight of his words pressing down on me.

\---

Dean's POV

I could feel Luca's anger long before I saw him. He was furious, but I didn't blame him. The truth I'd just revealed was a lot to take in. But he needed to know the reality of the situation.

Alina was dangerous, and if we didn't deal with her, Lia wouldn't survive.

As I walked away from the warehouse, I pulled out my phone and dialed Alina's number.

"It's done," I said when she answered.

"Good," she replied coldly. "Lia is
out of the picture, and everything is falling into place."

For now, I thought to myself. But this wasn't over.

Not yet.
144

Luca's POV

The drive to the police station felt longer than it should have. My hands gripped the steering wheel tightly, frustration bubbling under the surface. Lia didn't belong behind bars, and I was determined to get her out. When I arrived, I approached the front desk with a steady resolve.

"I'm here to see Lia," I said to the officer seated behind the desk.

The officer barely glanced at me before shaking his head. "No visitors allowed."

"What do you mean, 'no visitors allowed'? She's my wife-" I started, but he cut me off.

"She's under investigation, and Alina has put in a directive barring all visitors until further notice."

Alina. Her name felt like a curse. Her influence over everything was suffocating. I clenched my fists, anger simmering just beneath the surface.

"This is ridiculous. You can't just deny me access-"

"It's not up to me," the officer interrupted, his tone flat and dismissive. "Rules are rules."

I left the station, my blood boiling. The audacity of Alina to meddle like this only fueled my determination. Lia needed me, and I wouldn't sit back while Alina pulled all the strings.

Back in my car, I slammed my fist against the steering wheel. If Lia couldn't defend herself, I would have to do it for her. I decided to visit my lawyer

When I arrived at my lawyer's office, the receptionist informed me he was available. I didn't wait for an invitation; I pushed open the door and walked in.

"Luca," he greeted, his brow furrowing at the sight of my obvious distress. "What's going on?"

I wasted no time diving into the issue. "It's about Lia. She's been accused of killing Finn, but she's innocent. Dean-he confessed to me that he killed Finn and framed Lia. He claims he did it to protect her, but I know there's more to the story."

The lawyer leaned back in his chair, steepling his fingers. "That's a serious accusation, Luca. Do you have any proof?"

"Not yet," I admitted, "but that's why I'm here. Dean said there was a gun with Lia's fingerprints on it, the one used to kill Finn. We need to find that gun. And we need to find the gun with Dean's fingerprints. That's our only chance of clearing Lia's name."

He nodded thoughtfully. "If we can locate both weapons, we can start building a case against Dean. But this won't be easy. If Alina is as influential as you say, she'll do everything she can to keep the truth buried."

"I don't care how hard it is," I said firmly. "I'll do whatever it takes."

The lawyer scribbled some notes on a pad. "We'll need a private investigator to start digging into this. In the meantime, I'll begin drafting a motion to challenge the evidence against Lia. We'll argue that the investigation was influenced by Alina's personal vendetta."

"Thank you," I said, standing up. "I'll find those guns."

As I left his office, a sense of purpose settled over me. It wasn't much, but it was a start.


---

When I returned to Benedicta's house, the weight of the day pressed heavily on my shoulders. I found her in the living room, knitting quietly. She looked up when I walked in, concern etched on her face.

"What happened?" she asked.

"Alina's barred anyone from visiting Lia," I said, sinking into a chair. "She's pulling all the strings, and the police are eating out of her hand."

Benedicta frowned. "That woman is dangerous. We need to be careful."

"I know," I said, running a hand through my hair. "I just don't know what to do next. The lawyer's working on a strategy, but it's going to take time. And time is the one thing we don't have."

Before Benedicta could respond, Merlin came bounding into the room, his face lighting up when he saw me.

"Uncle Luca!" he exclaimed, rushing over to hug me.

I forced a smile, hugging him back. "Hey, buddy. What's up?"

"I miss Mama," he said, his big eyes looking up at me. "When is she coming back?"

I swallowed hard, struggling to find the right words. "Soon, Merlin. I promise."

"Can we go to the park tomorrow?" he asked, his tone hopeful.

Before I could answer, Benedicta chimed in. "Luca will take you to the park, won't you, Luca?"

I blinked, taken aback. Merlin grinned and ran off, excited. Once he was out of earshot, I turned to Benedicta.

"Why did you say that?" I asked, my voice low.

She leaned closer, her expression serious. "Because I think Dean might come after Merlin. He's Lia's son, and that makes him a target. Taking him to the park is the perfect way to keep an eye on him-and maybe even gather evidence against Dean."

I stared at her, her words sinking in. "You think Dean would stoop that low?"

"Dean is dangerous, Luca. We can't take any chances," she said firmly.

I nodded slowly. "Alright. I'll take Merlin to the park tomorrow. But we need to be prepared for anything."

As I headed to my room that night, my mind raced with everything that had happened. Lia's arrest, Dean's confession, Alina's interference-it all felt like an elaborate game, and I was determined to beat them at it.

For Lia. For Merlin. For the truth.

____

Alina's POV

The grand hall was buzzing with tension as I stepped inside, the weight of the elders' eyes pressing heavily on me. They sat in a semi-circle, their expressions a mix of sternness and disapproval. I clenched my fists at my sides, forcing myself to remain composed. They didn't understand. None of them did.

"Alina," Elder Marcus began, his voice deep and measured, "we've convened this meeting to address the matter of Lia's detainment. This is a werewolf affair, not a human one. The pack elders should handle this investigation, not the human authorities."

I narrowed my eyes. "With all due respect, Elder Marcus, this is my decision. Finn was my brother. I have every right to handle this the way I see fit."

Elder Helena, always the voice of calm but firm reasoning, leaned forward. "We understand your grief, Alina. Finn's death is a tragedy, but that does not give you the authority to make unilateral decisions for the pack. Lia is part of this pack, and as such, her fate should be decided by us."

"Her fate is already decided!" I snapped, my voice echoing through the hall. "She killed Finn. The evidence is clear. What more is there to discuss?"

Elder Marcus shook his head. "The evidence is circumstantial at best. A gun with her fingerprints does not confirm guilt. We need a thorough investigation conducted by our own."

I scoffed, barely able to contain my frustration. "And what will your investigation achieve? Wasting time while the culprit walks free? Lia is already in custody. Let the humans handle it."

The elders exchanged glances, their disapproval palpable. Elder Helena spoke again, her tone firm. "You are letting your personal feelings cloud your judgment, Alina. This is bigger than you or your grief. The pack's stability is at stake. If the members see that we cannot even handle our own affairs, they will lose faith in us."

"Without the council," Elder Marcus added, "the pack would descend into chaos. You know this, Alina. We are the bedrock of this clan."

Their words stung, but I refused to back down. "And what about my pain? What about my loss? Finn was my brother! Do any of you even know how that feels? To lose someone you love so suddenly and so violently?!" My voice cracked, but I didn't care. Let them see my anger, my grief.

Elder Marcus sighed, his gaze softening. "We do not wish to diminish your pain, Alina. But emotions cannot dictate justice. We have decided-"

"You've decided?!" I cut in, my voice rising. "What have you decided now?!"

Elder Marcus didn't flinch. "We are sending a team to retrieve Lia. She will be brought back to the pack and held as a prisoner until the investigation is complete. Her guilt or innocence will be determined by us, not humans."

My chest tightened, rage boiling within me. "You can't do that!"

"We can," Elder Helena said calmly. "And we will. This is not just about Finn. It's about the pack. The longer this drags on, the more unstable things become. We must act swiftly and decisively."

I slammed my hands on the table, leaning forward. "So you don't believe she's guilty? Is that what you're saying? After everything, you're still doubting me?"

Elder Marcus frowned. "This isn't about belief, Alina. It's about due process. If Lia is guilty, we will find out. But until then, she is innocent in the eyes of the pack."

Their words felt like a slap to the face. I straightened, my hands trembling with barely suppressed fury. "You're making a mistake," I hissed.

Elder Helena's gaze was steady. "The mistake would be allowing emotions to rule over logic and justice. This meeting is adjourned. The retrieval team will be dispatched by dawn."

I didn't wait for further discussion. I turned on my heel and stormed out of the hall, my heels clicking loudly against the marble floor.


---

Once outside, I leaned against a pillar, breathing heavily. How could they do this? After everything I had done for the pack, after everything I had sacrificed, they still doubted me. Lia was guilty. She had to be. There was no other explanation.

But now they were undermining me, questioning my judgment, treating me like some grieving fool incapable of making decisions.

A sharp pang of betrayal coursed through me. Finn had been more than just my brother; he had been my anchor, my confidant. His loss had left a gaping hole in my heart, one that I was desperate to fill with justice-or vengeance, if necessary.

The elders didn't understand. They couldn't.

But they would see. Once Lia was exposed as the murderer she was, they would all see that I was right. And when that day came, I would make sure they regretted doubting me.

145

Dean's POV

I lingered just outside the grand hall, my ears perked and tuned to every word exchanged inside. Alina's voice was sharp, cutting through the air like a blade. Her anger was palpable, her defiance strong against the elders' authority. As I listened to their futile attempts to calm her, I smirked to myself. Alina's rage was a weapon, one I intended to wield.

When she stormed out of the hall, I waited until she was far enough down the corridor before following her, careful to keep my steps silent. Her pace was hurried, her movements frantic, and I could feel the tension radiating off her like heat from a flame.

"Alina," I called, stepping out from the shadows.

She spun around, her eyes wild and bloodshot. "Dean," she hissed. "What do you want?"

I stepped closer, lowering my voice. "I heard everything. The elders are against you, and I know how much that stings."

She crossed her arms tightly over her chest, her lips pressed into a thin line. "They're fools. Lia killed Finn. I know she did. But now they're sending a team to drag her back here as if she's some innocent lamb. It's infuriating."

I nodded, feigning sympathy. "I can see how much this has hurt you, Alina. But you're not alone. I'll stand by you. Just tell me-what do you want to do?"

Her eyes narrowed, glinting with a dangerous light. "I want her to suffer. I want her to feel what Finn felt. And when she's broken and begging for mercy, then maybe I'll feel fine."

"Good," I said with a slow smile. "That's a clear goal. Revenge. It's simpler than justice and far more satisfying."

Her brow furrowed as she looked at me, and for a moment, I thought she'd question my intentions. Instead, she said, "Do you have a plan?"

I stepped closer, lowering my voice even more. "The moonlight party is coming up. You know about the auction, don't you?"

She tilted her head, curiosity flickering across her face. "What about it?"

"Every year, women in masks are auctioned off to the highest bidder, and the werewolf who wins gets to take the most beautiful one home. It's tradition. This year, I'll make sure Lia is one of those women."

Her lips curled into a cruel smile. "Go on."

I continued, my voice filled with a sinister edge. "I'll rig the auction. I'll make sure she ends up with someone ruthless, a werewolf who has no mercy. Once the auction is over, I'll strike a deal with him. He'll make sure Lia is gone-forever. Within two days, she'll be nothing but a memory."

Alina's smile widened, her eyes gleaming with approval. "And how do you plan to pull this off?"

"It's simple," I said. "We'll need the elders' approval to bring Lia back first. They'll think you've given in to their demands, but in reality, you're just setting the stage for her downfall. Once she's back, I'll handle the rest. You'll just need to sit back and watch."

She laughed, a sound filled with bitterness and satisfaction. "Dean, you're a genius. This is exactly what I need."

I nodded, pleased with her response. "Good. But I'll need your full support. This plan requires precision, and I can't do it alone."

"You have my support," she said without hesitation. "Do whatever you need to do."

I leaned closer, my voice a low whisper. "Trust me, Alina. Lia won't live to see another moon."

She placed a hand on my shoulder, her grip firm. "Make it happen. Whatever it takes."

With that, she turned on her heel and strode down the corridor, her anger now tempered by purpose. I watched her go, a sense of satisfaction settling over me.

Now, all the pieces were in place. Lia's fate was sealed. The only thing left to do was wait. But first, I had another task to attend to-a loose end that needed tying up before the moonlight party.


---

The moon hung low in the sky as I made my way through the woods, the shadows thick and oppressive. My destination was a secluded cabin hidden deep within the forest, a place where deals were made, and secrets were buried.

Inside, a lone figure awaited me-a hulking werewolf with scars etched across his face. He rose as I entered, his golden eyes gleaming with curiosity.

"Dean," he said, his voice a gravelly growl. "What brings you here?"

I didn't bother with pleasantries. "I have a proposition for you."

He raised an eyebrow, intrigued. "Go on."

"There's a woman. She'll be at the moonlight auction. I want you to win the bid for her. Name your price, and I'll make it worth your while."

His eyes narrowed. "What's the catch?"

"The catch is that she doesn't leave your side alive," I said bluntly. "Two days, that's all I need. After that, you can do whatever you want with her."

He let out a low chuckle, his teeth glinting in the dim light. "You always were a ruthless one, Dean. Fine. Consider it done."

I smiled, satisfied. "Good. I'll be in touch with the details. For now, just prepare yourself. This needs to go off without a hitch."

He nodded, and I turned to leave, the weight of the night pressing against my back.

As I made my way back to the pack grounds, I couldn't help but feel a surge of anticipation. Lia's days were numbered, and soon, Alina would have her revenge.

The moonlight party would be her undoing-and my greatest triumph.

____

Luca's POV 


The warm sun bathed the park in golden light, casting long shadows as children ran and played. Merlin's laughter was infectious, his little legs sprinting to the swings as he waved at me to follow. I couldn't help but smile, even as the weight of my thoughts pressed heavily on my chest. This wasn't just a father-son outing; it was a calculated move, one I had to carefully execute knowing that Dean's eyes were likely on me.

I settled on a bench near the swings, my gaze scanning the park's perimeter. Every rustling bush, every idle figure loitering in the distance, made my instincts flare. I knew Dean wouldn't sit still. He'd either be here, watching or have someone else doing it for him.

Merlin's giggles pulled my attention back. "Dad! Look at me! I'm flying!" he shouted, pumping his legs to go higher on the swing.

"You're doing great, champ!" I called back, forcing a grin.

My phone vibrated in my pocket, and I knew before looking who it would be. Sliding it out, the name Dean flashed across the screen. My jaw clenched as I answered.

"What do you want?" I asked curtly, keeping my voice low but steady.

"Relax, Luca," Dean's voice came through, smug and self-assured. "I just thought we should talk. Man to man."

I leaned back, my eyes narrowing. "Talk? About what exactly?"

Dean chuckled softly, the sound grating. "You know what this is about. Meet me, and I'll explain everything."

I glanced at Merlin, his small figure illuminated in the sunlight, his innocence a stark contrast to the shadows Dean cast over our lives. My patience snapped.

"I know you're watching me, Dean," I said, keeping my tone sharp. "You think you're clever, following me around, trying to corner me. But let me make one thing clear-you'll never outmaneuver me. I'm already a step ahead of whatever you're planning. So, if you want to play games, watch your back. Because the next time you call me, I won't just be polite."

There was a pause on the other end, and then a soft chuckle. "Touchy, aren't we? Fine, Luca. Have it your way. But remember-you're not the only one playing this game."

I ended the call before he could say more, shoving my phone back into my pocket. My heart was racing, but I forced myself to stay calm for Merlin's sake.

"Dad!" Merlin called again, jumping off the swing and running toward me. "Can we go get ice cream?"

I smiled and ruffled his hair. "Sure, buddy. Let's go."


---

The ride home was quiet. Merlin happily munched on his ice cream in the back seat, oblivious to the storm brewing around him. My mind raced with possibilities. Dean's call confirmed what I'd already suspected-he was watching us, waiting for the right moment to strike.

When we arrived home, Benedicta greeted us at the door, her face lighting up at the sight of Merlin. "Did you have fun at the park?" she asked, crouching to hug him.

"Yes!" Merlin exclaimed. "Dad bought me ice cream too!"

Benedicta smiled and looked up at me. "Thank you, Luca. It means a lot to him."

I nodded, my expression serious. "Can we talk?"

She stood, immediately sensing the tension. "Of course. Merlin, go wash up, okay?"

Merlin ran off, leaving us alone in the living room. I sat down, rubbing a hand over my face.

"Dean called me," I said without preamble.

Her eyes widened. "What did he say?"

"He wants to meet," I replied. "But it's not just that. He's been watching us, Benedicta. Following me. Probably keeping tabs on Merlin too."

She gasped, her hand flying to her mouth. "What does he want?"

I shook my head. "I don't know yet. But he's playing a dangerous game, and I'm not going to let him win. I told him I was ahead of him, but the truth is, we need to be careful. He's unpredictable."

Her brows furrowed, worry etched into her features. "Do you think he'd hurt Merlin?"

I hesitated, the thought sending a chill down my spine. "I don't know. But I won't take any chances. For now, I want you to keep an eye on Merlin at all times. Don't let him out of your sight, even for a second."

She nodded, her resolve firm. "What about you? What are you going to do?"

"I'm going to figure out Dean's next move," I said. "And I'll make sure he pays for everything he's done."

Benedicta placed a hand on my shoulder. "Be careful, Luca. We can't lose you too."

I nodded, determination burning in my chest. Dean had underestimated me, but that would be his downfall. He thought he could play with my family, but he was about to learn just how wrong he was.

146
  
Lia's POV

The sound of the keys jingling outside my cell sent a chill down my spine. I sat up, staring at the bars, dreading yet another interruption to my solitude. My life was in shambles, but at least here, in this cold, damp cell, I could think-strategize.

"Get up," the warden's gruff voice commanded as she unlocked the door.

I stayed seated, narrowing my eyes. "What now?"

"You have visitors," she snapped, stepping inside.

Visitors. My stomach churned. No one should be here. No one who cared about me would dare come to this place. Which left only enemies.

I stood slowly, letting my chains rattle as I stretched out my aching limbs. "This should be fun," I muttered under my breath, following her out.

The warden led me through the long corridor. Every step felt heavier than the last, the chains clinking like a somber melody. As we stepped outside, the blinding sunlight stung my eyes. I blinked rapidly, trying to adjust, and then I saw them.

Alina and Dean.

Alina stood tall and regal, her arms crossed, her expression dripping with smug satisfaction. Dean, on the other hand, leaned casually against a post, his face devoid of emotion, but his sharp eyes never left mine.

I let out a short, bitter laugh. "Well, well," I said, tilting my head. "Dean, is this your new plaything? Or are you just following her orders like a good little pet?"

Alina's face twisted in fury, and before I could react, her hand flew across my face, the sharp sting spreading through my cheek. The warden didn't even flinch; she just stood there, indifferent, as though this was a daily occurrence.

"You vile, conniving wench!" Alina spat, her voice low and venomous. "You think this is a joke? You will pay for what you've done! The elders will see to that."

I took a step back, tasting blood on my lip but refusing to wipe it away. "Punished for what, Alina? For existing? Or for standing in the way of your desperate need for control?" I smirked, though my heart raced in my chest. "Tell me, dear sister-in-law, have you ever stopped to ask yourself who's really behind all this?"

"Shut your mouth!" she barked, her hands trembling with rage.

I turned my attention to Dean, ignoring her outburst. "And you, Dean? What's your angle here? Or are you just here for the entertainment?"

Dean stepped forward, his presence imposing despite his calm demeanor. "We've got evidence, Lia," he said coolly, his tone sharp as a blade. "Evidence of your affair with Luca. Even when you were engaged to Finn, you were sneaking around like the ungrateful little liar you are."

My smirk faltered, but I quickly recovered. "Oh, please," I scoffed, my voice laced with defiance. "What kind of evidence? Fabricated texts? Staged photographs? You two are grasping at straws, and it's pathetic."

Dean leaned closer, his dark eyes boring into mine. "The elders won't see it that way. You'll be tried, and when the truth comes out, you'll wish you'd never crossed us."

I held his gaze, refusing to show fear. "You're both cowards," I said, my voice steady. "And when the real truth comes out, it'll be you two standing in chains, not me."

Alina's laugh was cold and hollow. "Keep dreaming, Lia. But remember this: tomorrow, the elders will strip you of whatever dignity you think you have left. You'll rot in the pack's prison, and no one will mourn you."

I turned to the warden, ignoring Alina's venomous words. "I don't want any more visitors," I said firmly. "Not from them, not from anyone. Make it clear-they're not welcome here."

The warden nodded, her face betraying no emotion as she led me back inside.

As I walked away, I could feel their eyes burning into my back, their hatred palpable. But I refused to look back. I wouldn't give them the satisfaction.

Back in my cell, I sat down heavily on the cot, my mind racing. They thought they had won, but I wasn't finished. Not by a long shot.

___

Alina's POV

I paced the length of my room, my heels clicking against the polished wooden floor, my thoughts racing as I waited for Dean to arrive. Everything was falling into place, but there was still one loose thread that needed to be tied up-Lia.

A sharp knock on the door snapped me out of my thoughts. "Come in," I said curtly.

Dean stepped inside, his face unreadable, as always. He moved with a quiet confidence that unnerved most people, but I found it useful. It was one of the reasons I had kept him close all these years.

"You called?" he said, shutting the door behind him and leaning casually against the wall.

"Yes," I replied, folding my arms. "We need to discuss Lia. The elders are already meddling, demanding her return to the pack for questioning. If we don't act soon, this whole thing could spiral out of control."

Dean smirked, his dark eyes glinting with amusement. "You sound worried, Alina. That's not like you."

I shot him a glare. "Don't test me, Dean. I've come too far to let some meddling elders ruin my plans. Lia needs to be brought back to the pack-on our terms. We can't let her fall into their hands. They'll start asking questions, digging into things best left buried."

Dean nodded thoughtfully, straightening up. "So, what's the plan? I assume you've already thought of a way to get her out of that cell?"

"Of course," I said, a small, satisfied smile tugging at my lips. "But it won't be easy. The prison is heavily guarded, and the warden is no fool. We'll need to be careful, precise."

Dean crossed his arms, leaning slightly forward. "I'm listening."

I began to pace again, outlining my plan as I spoke. "First, we'll create a diversion. Something that will draw the guards' attention away from Lia's cell. A fire, perhaps, in one of the storage rooms. It doesn't have to be big-just enough to cause chaos."

Dean's lips curved into a sly grin. "I like it. Chaos is always a good distraction."

"While the guards are occupied," I continued, "you'll enter the cellblock disguised as one of them. I've already arranged for a uniform to be delivered to you. Once you're inside, you'll escort Lia out under the pretense of transferring her to another facility."

Dean raised an eyebrow. "And you think she'll cooperate?"

"She won't have a choice," I said coolly. "I'll make it clear to her that this is her only chance to escape the elders' wrath. She may be stubborn, but she's not stupid."

"And once we get her back to the pack?"

I paused, meeting his gaze. "We'll keep her under lock and key, out of sight. The elders can't question her if they don't know where she is. And once the Moonlight Auction begins, we'll put the final phase of our plan into motion."

Dean chuckled darkly. "You really are ruthless, Alina. No wonder Finn trusted you to handle things."

At the mention of Finn, a flicker of pain shot through me, but I quickly pushed it aside. This wasn't the time for sentimentality.

"This isn't just about me, Dean," I said sharply. "It's about the pack. Finn's death has left us vulnerable, and Lia is a threat to our stability. She has to be dealt with."

Dean nodded, his expression turning serious. "Understood. When do we move?"

"Tomorrow night," I replied. "I'll handle the arrangements for the diversion. You focus on getting that uniform and making sure everything on your end goes smoothly."

Dean gave a mock salute. "Consider it done. Anything else?"

I hesitated for a moment, then added, "Be careful, Dean. If anything goes wrong, it could be both our heads on the chopping block."

He smirked again, his confidence unwavering. "Don't worry about me, Alina. I know how to handle myself."

As he turned to leave, I called after him. "And Dean?"

He paused, looking back at me.

"Make sure Lia understands that this is her only chance. If she so much as thinks about betraying us, she won't live to regret it."

Dean's grin widened. "You're more ruthless than I thought, Alina. I like it."

With that, he left, leaving me alone with my thoughts. I took a deep breath, steeling
myself for what lay ahead. Lia's days were numbered, and I would make sure she paid for everything she'd done.
147
  
Bianca's POV

The night was still, save for the occasional rustle of leaves in the wind. I had been walking down the hall toward my room when I heard faint voices coming from Alina's study. Curious, I paused just outside the door, careful to stay in the shadows.

"Are you sure about this?" Alina's sharp voice carried through the crack in the door.

"Yes," Dean replied confidently. "Tomorrow night, everything will go as planned. Once the fire distracts the guards, I'll get Lia out and bring her back to the pack. She'll be ours to deal with."

My heart skipped a beat. Fire? Lia? What were they planning?

"And you're certain the elders won't interfere?" Alina asked her voice tight with concern.

"They'll have no idea until it's too late," Dean assured her. "By the time they figure it out, Lia will be back here, under our control. Trust me, Alina, everything is under control."

I pressed my hand over my mouth to keep from gasping. Dean and Alina were plotting to break Lia out of prison. But why? And what did this mean about Finn's death? Could they have been involved?

I didn't dare stay any longer. As quietly as I could, I slipped away from the door and hurried down the hall to find Jenny.

When I reached her room, I burst in without knocking. Jenny sat on her bed, startled by my sudden entrance.

"Bianca, what's wrong?" she asked, setting down the book she had been reading.

"You're not going to believe what I just overheard," I said, quickly closing the door behind me.

Her brow furrowed. "What are you talking about?"

I took a deep breath and recounted everything I had just heard. By the time I finished, Jenny's face was a mix of shock and determination.

"So, they're planning to break Lia out," she said slowly, piecing it together. "But why? And why go to such lengths if they're convinced she's guilty?"

"That's what I'm trying to figure out," I replied. "It doesn't make sense. Unless"

Jenny's eyes widened. "Unless Dean and Alina are the ones behind Finn's death. Think about it-who else would have the means and motive to frame Lia?"

It was a terrifying thought, but it made sense. Dean had always been shady, and Alina's hatred for Lia was no secret.

"We need to find out for sure," Jenny said, her voice steady. "If they're going to the prison tomorrow night, we'll follow them. Maybe we can find proof of what they've done."

I hesitated. "It's risky, Jenny. If they catch us-"

"We won't let them catch us," she cut me off. "This might be our only chance to expose them."

Her determination was contagious, and I found myself nodding. "Alright. We'll follow them. But we need to be careful."

\---

The following night, Jenny and I waited in the shadows outside the pack house, our breaths shallow and our nerves on edge. We watched as Dean and Alina slipped out, their movements cautious but not cautious enough to spot us.

"They're heading toward the woods," Jenny whispered, nudging me.

I nodded, and we followed at a safe distance, staying hidden among the trees. My heart pounded in my chest as we trailed them, every snap of a twig underfoot making me flinch.

Eventually, we reached the edge of the prison grounds. Dean and Alina stopped, crouching low as they surveyed the area.

"Stay here," Dean told Alina. "I'll handle the guards."

Alina nodded, her expression cold and resolute.

Jenny and I exchanged a glance. This was it. Whatever they were planning was about to happen.

Dean moved quickly, slipping into the shadows and disappearing from view. Alina remained where she was, her eyes fixed on the prison.

"We need to get closer," Jenny whispered, tugging my sleeve.

We crept forward, inching closer to where Alina was hiding. From our new vantage point, we could see Dean reemerge, now wearing a guard's uniform. He carried himself with confidence, moving as though he belonged there.

"He's going inside," I murmured.

Jenny nodded. "They're definitely breaking her out. But why go through all this trouble if she's guilty? It doesn't add up."

I shook my head, my mind racing. "We need to find out what they're planning next. And if Dean really is responsible for Finn's death, we need to prove it."

We stayed hidden, watching as Dean entered the prison and Alina remained on the lookout. My stomach churned with a mix of fear and anticipation. Whatever was happening tonight was going to change everything.

____

Lia's POV

The cell was cold and suffocating, but after days of sleepless nights and relentless worry, exhaustion finally overtook me. I fell into a restless slumber, haunted by dreams of Finn, Luca, and a sea of accusing faces.

Suddenly, the shrill sound of the fire alarm jolted me awake. My heart raced as the piercing noise echoed off the cement walls, a chaotic symphony accompanied by the distant sound of shouting. Smoke began to seep through the small cracks around the door.

I stumbled to my feet, coughing as the acrid smell filled my lungs. "What's going on?" I muttered, panic creeping into my voice.

Before I could piece together what was happening, I heard faint but deliberate footsteps outside my cell. My instincts screamed danger. "Who's there?" I called out, my voice trembling.

No response.

The footsteps grew louder, more purposeful until they stopped right outside my cell door. My pulse pounded in my ears as I backed up against the far wall.

The door creaked open, and through the haze of smoke, I saw a figure step inside. I couldn't make out their face at first, but their scent hit me-a distinct, familiar musk. My wolf stirred uneasily within me.

"Dean," I whispered, my voice laced with both anger and disbelief.

He didn't answer. Instead, he moved swiftly, covering his nose and mouth with a cloth as he approached me.

"What are you doing here?" I demanded, my voice breaking. "What is this?"

Still, he said nothing. His silence unnerved me more than any words could have. I pressed myself further into the wall, desperation coursing through my veins.

"Answer me!" I shouted, but the words barely left my lips before Dean lunged at me.

I ducked, narrowly avoiding his grasp, and scrambled toward the door. My hands clawed at the frame, but Dean was faster. His arm wrapped around my waist, yanking me backward with a force that knocked the air out of my lungs.

"Let me go!" I screamed, thrashing against his grip.

He didn't let up. Instead, he brought the cloth he was holding toward my face. A sickly sweet smell invaded my senses as he tried to press it against my nose.

"No!" I gasped, twisting my head away. My wolf surged within me, giving me strength as I clawed at his arms. I bit down hard on his wrist, and he let out a sharp grunt of pain, loosening his hold just enough for me to break free.

I spun around to face him, my vision blurred by smoke and tears. "Why, Dean? Why are you doing this?"

He didn't answer, his expression a cold mask.

As I backed away, I sniffed the air, trying to confirm what I already knew. Beneath the stench of smoke and chemicals, his scent was undeniable. This was Dean. The man who had always lingered in the shadows, the man I had never trusted.

"You killed Finn, didn't you?" I spat, the realization hitting me like a ton of bricks. "This was all your plan, wasn't it?"

His jaw tightened, and his silence spoke volumes.

Fury bubbled within me. "You think you can frame me for your crime? Do you think this will make you untouchable?"

Dean's eyes darkened, and without warning, he struck me across the face. Pain exploded in my cheek as I stumbled backward, dazed.

"Enough," he said finally, his voice low and menacing.

Before I could recover, he closed the distance between us, grabbing me by the arm. My vision blurred, and my strength began to wane as he pulled me toward the door.

The smoke grew thicker, each breath burning my lungs. My head spun as I tried to resist, but my body betrayed me.

"Luca will stop you," I managed to choke out, even as my knees buckled. "You won't get away with this."

Dean let out a dark laugh. "Oh, Lia, Luca isn't your savior. He's just another pawn in this game."

His words cut deeper than the blow to my face, but I couldn't focus on them. The world tilted, the edges of my vision darkening as he dragged me out of the cell.

I tried to fight, to summon any strength I had left, but it was no use. The last thing I saw before e
verything went black was the flickering glow of flames in the distance and Dean's cold, unrelenting face.

Darkness swallowed me whole.
148
  

Bianca's POV

The acrid smell of smoke hung heavy in the air as I crouched behind a charred wall, the flames casting flickering shadows around me. The chaos in the prison yard provided the perfect cover as I silently observed Dean emerging from the building, carrying an unconscious Lia over his shoulder.

I couldn't deny the small flicker of satisfaction I felt as I discreetly raised my phone, recording every step he took. The camera lens followed his every move-the way he moved quickly yet cautiously, his sharp eyes scanning the area for anyone who might witness his actions.

"Perfect," I muttered under my breath. My phone's screen glowed faintly in the darkness, capturing every incriminating second.

Jenny was stationed elsewhere, tailing Alina. We had planned this carefully. Jenny would ensure Alina's actions were documented, while I focused on Dean. Every step of the way, we were one step closer to exposing the truth.

As I watched Dean haul Lia out of the crumbling building, I felt a pang of guilt twist in my chest. Lia's limp form reminded me of just how far this had gone. She didn't deserve this-not all of it, at least. My past actions weighed heavily on me now.

For weeks, I'd reveled in the idea of Lia's suffering. I'd convinced myself that she was the enemy, the woman who had ruined everything for everyone. But now, seeing her like this-broken, unconscious, and framed for something she clearly hadn't done-I couldn't ignore the gnawing sense of regret.

"Stay focused, Bianca," I whispered to myself. I couldn't afford to lose sight of the goal now.

Dean reached a black car parked just outside the gates. He opened the trunk and, without a second thought, dumped Lia's body inside like she was nothing more than a sack of grain.

I bit my lip to stifle the gasp that threatened to escape. My hands shook slightly as I zoomed in on the screen, capturing the moment Lia's motionless form disappeared into the trunk.

Dean paused, his head snapping up as he scanned his surroundings again. I held my breath, my heart pounding in my chest. If he saw me now, I'd be done for.

After a tense moment, he seemed satisfied that no one was around. He slammed the trunk shut and walked around to the driver's side. I stayed low, my body pressed tightly against the wall, as I recorded him getting into the car.

The engine roared to life, and the car sped off into the night, leaving a trail of dust and smoke in its wake. I exhaled slowly, relief washing over me as I realized he hadn't spotted me.

I lowered my phone, my thoughts racing.

This wasn't just about helping Alina anymore. Watching Lia being treated like that-like a disposable pawn in their twisted game-had shifted something in me.

I'd been so consumed by my loyalty to Alina and my own grievances against Lia that I'd ignored the bigger picture. Dean and Alina weren't just trying to punish Lia; they were orchestrating something far darker and more sinister. And I'd been complicit in it.

I stood up slowly, brushing ash and soot off my clothes. I glanced at my phone screen, replaying the footage I'd just taken. Dean's actions were clear as day, undeniable evidence of his involvement in Lia's abduction.

I couldn't confront them now-Dean and Alina were too dangerous, too powerful. But I could play along, pretending to remain on their side while secretly gathering more evidence.

Jenny would understand. She'd seen enough tonight to know where this was heading.

Pulling my hood over my head, I slipped away from my hiding spot, blending into the shadows. My mind raced as I made my way back to the rendezvous point where Jenny would be waiting.

When I arrived, Jenny was already there, her face illuminated by the soft glow of her phone screen. She looked up as I approached, a knowing look in her eyes.

"Did you get it?" she asked.

I nodded, holding up my phone. "Every second. Dean took Lia, put her in the trunk, and drove off. What about you?"

Jenny's lips curled into a smirk. "Got Alina acting all high and mighty, giving orders like she owns the world. She's practically incriminating herself."

"Good," I said, though my voice lacked the enthusiasm I usually had for our schemes.

Jenny noticed, her brow furrowing. "What's wrong?"

I hesitated, unsure of how to put my feelings into words. "I just I think we've been going about this the wrong way. Lia isn't the real enemy here."

Jenny blinked, surprised by my sudden change of heart. "What are you saying?"

"I'm saying we need to be careful," I said firmly. "We'll keep pretending to side with Alina and Dean, but when the time comes, we strike. We'll expose them for what they've done-to Finn, to Lia, to everyone."

Jenny studied me for a moment before nodding. "Alright. Let's do it."

As we walked away from the smoldering prison, I couldn't help but feel a renewed sense of purpose. Lia might not know it yet, but she had allies in this fight. And I was determined to make things right, no matter what it took.

____

Alina's POV

The air in the secret hideout was damp and cool, the dim light of a single bulb hanging overhead casting flickering shadows on the concrete walls. I tapped my fingers impatiently against the old wooden table, the rhythm steady yet filled with tension. My mind churned over every detail of the plan Dean and I had concocted. This was the final step. Everything had to go perfectly.

A faint rumble broke through the silence, and my lips curled into a smile as Dean's car headlights pierced through the darkness outside. I stood, smoothing my jacket and bracing myself for his arrival.

Moments later, the door creaked open, and Dean stepped inside, his movements sharp and confident. He carried the faint scent of smoke and sweat, likely from the chaos he'd orchestrated.

"It's done," he said, his voice low but tinged with satisfaction. "Lia's in the trunk. Unconscious but alive."

"Good," I said, nodding in approval. "You didn't run into any trouble?"

He chuckled darkly. "None worth mentioning. The fire created enough distraction to keep the wardens busy, and Bianca was nowhere to be seen. Everything went as planned."

"Excellent." I gestured to the chair opposite me, and he sat down, leaning back with a smug expression.

"So, what's next?" he asked, folding his arms.

"We sneak her into the pack house tonight," I said, my voice firm. "The cellar is the safest place to keep her. It's isolated, and no one will think to look there, especially if we spread the right rumors."

Dean raised an eyebrow. "What rumors?"

I smirked. "We'll tell the elders that Lia tried to escape. We'll say she started the fire to create a distraction and that the wardens quickly informed us of her plans. Naturally, being the dutiful pack leaders we are, we intervened and brought her back here before she could fully get away."

Dean's grin widened. "And the elders will believe it. They've already labeled her guilty in their minds. This will only solidify their resolve to punish her."

"Exactly," I said, satisfaction swelling in my chest. "The timing is perfect. By the time the elders hear of her so-called escape attempt, we'll already have her secured in the cellar. They'll trust us to keep her under lock and key until her trial."

Dean leaned forward, his elbows resting on the table. "What about Bianca and Jenny? They've been poking around too much lately. Do you think they suspect anything?"

I frowned, the thought of those two irritating women souring my mood. "Bianca is loyal to me-or at least, she's smart enough to pretend she is. As for Jenny, she's been a thorn in my side for years. But I don't think they have anything solid on us. Even if they're suspicious, they won't be able to act without proof."

Dean nodded, though a flicker of doubt crossed his face. "We'll need to keep an eye on them, just in case. If they become a problem"

"Then we'll deal with them," I finished coldly. "Right now, our focus is on Lia. She's the key to everything. Once she's out of the way, we'll finally have control of the pack without anyone standing in our way."

Dean smirked, his confidence returning. "You've always been good at this, Alina. Manipulating people, bending them to your will. It's impressive."

I allowed myself a small smile. "It's not manipulation, Dean. It's strategy. The pack needs strong leaders, and I'm the only one who can provide that. Lia was a threat to our stability and to our future. Removing her is a necessity, not a choice."

Dean raised his hands in mock surrender. "Whatever you say, Alpha. Just tell me what you need me to do."

"For now, follow the plan," I said firmly. "Get her to the cellar without anyone noticing. Once she's secure, we'll inform the elders of her 'escape attempt.' After that, we let the pack's justice system do the rest. Lia will be convicted, and her punishment will ensure she's no longer a problem-for good."

Dean stood, adjusting his jacket. "Consider it done. Anything else?"

"Just don't get careless," I warned, my tone sharp. "One misstep and everything we've worked for could come crashing down."

He nodded, a flicker of seriousness crossing his face. "Understood. I'll make sure everything goes smoothly."

With that, he turned and headed for the door. I followed him outside, the cool night air brushing against my skin as we stepped into the open.

Dean walked to his car and opened the trunk, glancing back at me with a grin. "Still asleep," he said, motioning to Lia's unconscious form inside.

"Good," I said, my voice steady despite the surge of triumph I felt. "Let's move."

Dean closed the trunk and got into his car, the engine rumbling to life. I climbed into my own vehicle, trailing behind him as we made our way back to the pack house.

As we drove through the dark, deserted roads, my mind raced with thoughts of what was to come. Lia's fate was sealed, and with her out of the way, nothing would stand between me and the power I deserved.

I gripped the steering wheel tightly, a smile tugging at the corners of my lips.

This was only the beginning.
149
  

Lia's POV

I woke up to darkness and the damp, musty smell of earth. My head throbbed painfully, and as I shifted, I realized I was lying on a cold, hard floor. Disoriented, I tried to sit up, but my movements were slow and unsteady. It took a moment for my eyes to adjust to the faint light seeping through the cracks in the door, revealing the confined space around me.

A cellar.

Panic surged through me as I scrambled to my feet, my heart pounding in my chest. I rushed to the heavy wooden door, banging on it with all my strength. "Hello? Is anyone there? Let me out!"

My voice echoed in the small space, but there was no response. Frustration bubbled up inside me, and I pounded on the door again, my fists aching with the effort.

Suddenly, I heard footsteps outside. I froze, holding my breath as the sound grew louder, stopping just on the other side of the door. The lock clicked, and the door creaked open, revealing Dean's tall, looming figure.

"Keep your voice down," he said sharply, stepping inside and closing the door behind him. His face was shadowed, but I could see the cold, calculating expression in his eyes.

"Why am I here?" I demanded, my voice trembling with a mixture of fear and anger. "Why did you take me from the prison?"

Dean smirked, leaning casually against the wall. "That's none of your business. Just know that you'll be brought before the pack elders soon enough. Your judgment is coming."

I crossed my arms, glaring at him despite the terror clawing at my insides. "Judgment? For what? For a crime I didn't commit? If anyone deserves to be judged, it's you, Dean."

He raised an eyebrow, amusement flickering across his face. "Oh? And what exactly do you think I've done?"

"I know you killed Finn," I said firmly, my voice steady despite the lump forming in my throat. "I don't know how you did it, but I'm sure you're behind it. And trust me, the truth will come out. It always does."

Dean laughed, a low, mocking sound that sent chills down my spine. "You really think anyone will believe you? You're nothing but a disgrace to the pack now. Nobody cares about your baseless accusations."

I took a step forward, my hands clenched into fists. "You can laugh all you want, but your time is running out. People are starting to notice. Bianca, Jenny-do you think they're just sitting around doing nothing? You won't get away with this, Dean."

His smirk faltered slightly, but he quickly masked it with a sneer. "You're delusional, Lia. No one is coming to save you. You're alone in this, just like you've always been."

Before I could respond, his phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out, glancing at the screen before answering.

"Alina," he said, his tone instantly shifting to one of feigned warmth.

My heart raced as I heard her name. Alina. She was in on this. Of course, she was.

"Alina!" I shouted, my voice ringing out in the confined space. "Can you hear me? Do you even know who you're dealing with? What if Dean is the one who killed Finn?"

Dean's eyes narrowed, and he stepped closer to me, his voice dropping to a dangerous whisper as he spoke into the phone. "I'll call you back."

He ended the call abruptly and turned his full attention to me, his face twisted with rage.

"Shut your mouth," he snarled, raising his hand.

I braced myself, but the slap still caught me off guard, the force of it sending me stumbling backward. My cheek burned, and tears stung my eyes, but I refused to let him see me break.

"You don't know when to stop, do you?" he hissed, his breath hot against my face. "Maybe I should teach you a lesson right here and now."

I glared at him, my voice steady despite the pain. "Do whatever you want, Dean. You won't silence me. I'll keep fighting until the truth comes out, and when it does, you'll pay for everything you've done."

His jaw tightened, but he didn't respond. Instead, he stormed out of the cellar, slamming the door behind him. I heard the lock click, and then his footsteps faded away.

Alone again, I sank to the floor, cradling my aching cheek. Fear and anger churned inside me, warring for dominance. Dean thought he had the upper hand, but I wasn't going to give up that easily.

I had to find a way out of here. For Finn. For myself. And for the truth that needed to be exposed.

As I sat in the darkness, my resolve hardened. Dean and Alina might think they could manipulate everyone around them, but they underestimated me.

This wasn't over not by a long shot.

____

Luca's POV

The quiet hum of the coffee machine filled the kitchen as I leaned against the counter, waiting for the dark liquid to brew. The aroma filled the air, but it did little to calm the restless thoughts swirling in my mind. My fingers drummed on the countertop, and I sighed, glancing at the clock on the wall.

It was too quiet. Too still.

Just as I reached for my mug, my phone buzzed on the counter. The name "Benedicta" flashed on the screen, and a wave of unease settled over me. I grabbed the phone and answered.

"Benedicta?"

Her voice came through, frantic and rushed. "Luca, you need to get to the prison. It's on fire!"

"What?" I froze, the mug slipping from my fingers and shattering on the floor. "What do you mean, the prison is on fire?"

"I don't know all the details, but it's bad," she continued, her voice trembling. "The fire broke out in the middle of the night, and I just heard from someone at the station. They're saying... they're saying Lia might have been inside."

My heart stopped. The words hit me like a punch to the gut, and for a moment, I couldn't breathe.

"Where are you now?" I asked, already moving toward the door.

"I'm at home with Merlin," she replied. "I wanted to go there, but I can't leave him alone."

"Stay there," I told her firmly. "I'm going to the prison right now. I'll find out what's going on."

"Luca" Her voice softened, laced with worry. "Be careful."

I hung up without responding, grabbing my keys and rushing out the door.

\---

The drive to the prison felt like an eternity. My mind raced with every possibility, every worst-case scenario. Was she alive? Had she escaped? Or

No. I couldn't think about that. She had to be alive.

When I arrived, the scene was chaos. Flames still licked at the remains of the building, though firefighters were working tirelessly to put them out. Officers and emergency personnel swarmed the area, their faces grim.

I parked the car haphazardly and ran toward the barricades. An officer stopped me, his hand on my chest.

"Sir, you can't go any further."

"I need to know what's happening," I said, my voice desperate. "There's someone in there-a prisoner. Lia. Is she alive?"

The officer's expression didn't change, and he shook his head. "We're still gathering information. It's too early to say anything for certain."

Frustration bubbled up inside me, and I took a step closer. "Listen, I need answers. If you can't give them to me, then point me to someone who can."

"Calm down," he said sternly, glancing over his shoulder. "I'll see if someone can speak with you."

I waited, pacing back and forth as every second dragged on like an hour. Finally, another officer approached-a woman with a clipboard and an air of authority.

"You're here about the prisoner Lia?" she asked, her tone brisk.

"Yes," I said immediately. "What happened to her? Is she alive?"

She glanced at her notes before meeting my gaze. "The fire broke out in the west wing, where she was being held. When we searched her cell, there were no remains-no signs of a body. That leads us to believe she may have been abducted or escaped during the chaos."

"Abducted?" My stomach twisted. "Are you sure?"

She nodded. "There's evidence suggesting someone broke into the facility before the fire started. We're still piecing things together, but right now, our priority is finding her. We've issued a search order and alerted nearby authorities."

I ran a hand through my hair, my mind spinning. "Do you have any leads? Anything at all?"

"Not yet," she admitted. "But we'll find her. If she was taken, whoever did this won't get far."

Her words did little to comfort me. I turned away, staring at the smoldering remains of the prison. Somewhere out there, Lia was either running for her life or being held against her will.

The thought made my chest ache.

\---

I drove back to Benedicta's house in a daze, my hands gripping the steering wheel so tightly that my knuckles turned white. The image of Lia-scared, alone, in danger-played on repeat in my mind.

When I arrived, Benedicta was waiting for me at the door. Her face was pale, and her hands trembled as she clutched Merlin close to her side.

"Well?" she asked, her voice barely above a whisper.

I shook my head. "They don't know. Her cell was empty. They think someone took her."

Her eyes widened in horror. "What do you mean, took her?"

"I don't know," I said, sinking onto the couch and burying my face in my hands. "They're still investigating, but they're saying it wasn't the fire that got her out. Someone planned this."

"Who would do that?" she asked, her voice trembling.

I looked up, my jaw tightening. "Dean."

She gasped, covering her mouth with her hand. "You think he"

"I don't think-I know," I said, my voice hard. "It has his name written all over it. And I swear if he's hurt her"

"Luca," Benedicta said softly, placing a hand on my shoulder. "We'll find her. We'll bring her back."

I nodded, though my mind was already racing ahead. Dean thought he could play games with Lia's life, but he underestimated me. I wasn't going to let him win.

Not this time.
150
  

Bianca's POV

The room was unusually quiet as I paced back and forth, my mind clouded with regret and unease. Jenny sat on the bed, her hands fiddling with her phone as if she were looking for the courage to speak. Finally, she sighed and broke the silence.

"Bianca, we've made some terrible mistakes," she said softly, her eyes meeting mine.

I stopped pacing and turned to her, nodding slowly. "I know. What we did to Lia... it wasn't right. I was so caught up in the moment, in everything Alina and Dean fed us, that I didn't stop to think for myself."

Jenny gave me a small, sad smile. "Me too. But it's not too late. We can still do something to help her."

Her words lit a spark of hope in me. "You're right. But how? Dean and Alina have her locked up somewhere, and we both know they'll go to any length to make sure she suffers. If we make a wrong move, they'll know we're on to them."

Jenny bit her lip, thinking hard. Then she grabbed her phone and opened the video she'd recorded of Dean sneaking Lia out of the burning prison. "We have this. It's proof of what they've done. If we can get it to the right person-someone who genuinely wants to help Lia-then maybe we can turn things around."

I stared at the screen, the grainy footage showing Dean carrying an unconscious Lia to his car and driving off into the night. My chest tightened with guilt. "Who can we trust, though? The elders? No, Dean and Alina have too much influence there. What about Luca?"

Jenny's eyes widened. "Yes, Luca! He cares about Lia. If anyone has the drive to bring her back safely, it's him. And he's powerful enough to take on Dean."

"Do you think he'll believe us?" I asked, doubt creeping in.

Jenny nodded firmly. "He'll believe the video. And once we tell him everything we know about what Alina and Dean have been plotting, he'll take action. He's Lia's best chance."

I took a deep breath, the weight of our decision settling on my shoulders. "Alright. You contact Luca. Set up a meeting with him for tomorrow. We'll give him the evidence and tell him everything."

Jenny wasted no time, pulling out her phone and dialing Luca's number. I watched her as the call connected, my heart pounding.

"Hello, Luca?" Jenny said, her voice trembling slightly. "It's Jenny. I need to talk to you about something important. Can we meet tomorrow?"

I couldn't hear Luca's response, but Jenny nodded and said, "Okay, I'll text you the time and place. Please... don't tell anyone about this call." She ended the call and looked at me, relief washing over her face. "It's done. He'll meet us tomorrow."

I let out a breath I didn't realize I was holding. "Good. Now we just have to make it through the night without anyone finding out what we're planning."

\---

We stepped out of Jenny's room, the hallway dimly lit and eerily silent. As we turned the corner, we almost bumped straight into Alina. My heart skipped a beat as her cold, calculating eyes met mine.

"Where are you two sneaking off to?" she asked, her tone casual but laced with suspicion.

I forced a smile, trying to act as nonchalant as possible. "Just heading out for some air. It's been a long day."

Her gaze lingered on us as if she were trying to read our minds. Jenny shifted uncomfortably beside me, but I placed a reassuring hand on her arm.

"Well, don't stay out too long," Alina said finally, her lips curving into a smirk. "You never know what dangers lurk in the dark."

The way she said it sent a shiver down my spine, but I kept my composure. "We'll be careful," I said, and without waiting for her to respond, Jenny and I walked past her.

As we moved further away, I glanced over my shoulder to make sure she wasn't following us. To my relief, she had turned in the opposite direction.

"Do you think she heard anything?" Jenny whispered, her voice barely audible.

I shook my head. "No. If she had, she wouldn't have let us go so easily. But we need to be more careful. If she even suspects we're working against her, we're as good as dead."

Jenny nodded, her expression grim. "Tomorrow can't come fast enough."

The weight of what we were about to do hung heavy between us as we stepped outside. The cool night air did little to calm my nerves, but I clung to the hope that we were finally doing the right thing.

Lia didn't deserve what was happening to her, and while I couldn't undo the harm I'd already caused, I could do this. I could help set things right.

Tomorrow, we'll meet Luca. And together, we'd take down Dean and Alina. It was the least I could do to make amends for the part I'd played in Lia's suffering.

I just hoped we weren't too late.

___

Alina's POV

The moonlight spilled through the narrow corridor as I made my way to Dean's room. The faint hum of murmured voices from the pack house was a reminder that time was ticking, and the weight of our plans pressed heavily on my shoulders. I reached his door and knocked twice before pushing it open.

Dean was sitting on the edge of his bed, flipping through his phone. He looked up as I entered, a sharp smirk tugging at the corner of his lips.

"Alina," he said, setting his phone down. "You're late."

I ignored the remark and closed the door behind me. "We have more pressing matters to discuss."

He raised an eyebrow but gestured for me to take the chair across from him. I sat, crossing my legs, and leaned forward slightly.

"The elders," I began, my voice low. "Their meeting is scheduled for tomorrow. By now, people are definitely wondering where Lia is."

Dean leaned back against the wall, his arms crossed. "Let them wonder. By the time they get their answers, it'll be too late for anyone to do anything."

I frowned. "That kind of overconfidence could cost us, Dean. We need to stay sharp, especially with Bianca and Jenny snooping around."

Dean's smirk faded, and his expression darkened. "What makes you think they know something?"

I hesitated for a moment, piecing my thoughts together. "It's just a feeling. They've been acting strange-whispering, avoiding me. Earlier, I nearly bumped into them, and the way they looked at me... it wasn't normal. It was as if they were hiding something."

Dean's eyes narrowed. "If they know anything, they'll ruin everything we've worked for. They can't be allowed to interfere."

"That's exactly why I'm telling you," I said, my tone firm. "You need to keep an eye on them while I handle the elders tomorrow. We need to ensure our story is airtight, that they believe Lia set the fire in a desperate attempt to escape."

Dean nodded, a glint of determination in his eyes. "Don't worry about Bianca and Jenny. I'll take care of them. If they're planning anything, I'll find out."

I leaned back in my chair, feeling slightly reassured but still uneasy. "Good. Because the elders can't find out the truth. Not yet. If they do, all of this will be for nothing."

Dean got up and began pacing the room, his movements sharp and deliberate. "Do you really think they'll believe Lia orchestrated her own escape?"

"They'll have no choice," I said confidently. "We'll present her as desperate, manipulative, and willing to burn the prison to the ground to avoid punishment. Besides, we've always had the elders wrapped around our fingers. They trust us."

Dean stopped pacing and turned to face me. "And what about Bianca and Jenny? If they've seen or heard something, they could bring it all crashing down."

I pressed my lips into a thin line. "That's why I need you to handle them. Make sure they don't get the chance to speak out-or better yet, make them doubt themselves. Plant a seed of fear in their minds. If they think we're onto them, they might back off."

Dean nodded slowly, his expression thoughtful. "I'll make it happen. But what about Lia? She's not going to stay quiet forever. The moment she opens her mouth, she'll try to implicate us."

"She won't have the chance," I said firmly. "By the time the elders are done with her, she'll be too broken to fight back."

Dean's lips curled into a wicked grin. "You're colder than I thought, Alina. I like it."

I rolled my eyes. "This isn't about being cold. It's about survival. Lia is a threat to everything we've built, and threats need to be eliminated."

The room fell into a tense silence as we both processed the gravity of our situation.

"Do you ever think about how we got here?" Dean asked suddenly, his voice softer than usual.

I looked at him, caught off guard by the question. "What do you mean?"

"How we went from being part of the pack to orchestrating something like this. Do you ever wonder if we've gone too far?"

I stiffened, unwilling to let doubt creep in. "This is necessary, Dean. Everything we've done is for the greater good-for the pack. Lia would have destroyed everything if we didn't step in."

Dean's gaze lingered on me for a moment before he nodded. "You're right. We can't let sentimentality cloud our judgment."

I stood, brushing imaginary dust off my clothes. "Exactly. Now, focus on Bianca and Jenny. I'll handle the elders and make sure our story holds."

Dean smirked again, his usual confidence returning. "Consider it done."

I turned to leave but paused at the door. "And Dean?"

"Yeah?"

"Don't underestimate them. Bianca and Jenny might seem like fools, but if they're desperate enough, they could cause real damage."

He nodded, his expression serious. "I won't."

Satisfied, I left the room, my mind already racing with the details of tomorrow's meeting. Everything had to go perfectly. One misstep and it wouldn't just be Lia who paid the price-it would be us too.
151
  

Luca's POV

Sitting on the worn leather couch in Benedicta's living room, I stared at my phone, replaying Jenny's words in my head. She had called earlier, her voice trembling as she insisted we meet. She claimed to have information about Lia, information that could turn everything around. My chest tightened at the thought of her name.

"I don't know if I can trust her," I admitted, running a hand through my hair.

Benedicta leaned against the doorway, arms crossed, her expression filled with concern. "What exactly did she say?"

"She was vague, but she mentioned Lia and said it was urgent. She sounded scared."

Benedicta tilted her head, a thoughtful frown on her face. "Luca, you know this could be a trap. Dean has his claws in everything right now. Jenny could be working for him."

"I know," I said, my voice sharp with frustration. "But what if she's telling the truth? What if she really knows where Lia is or what happened to her?"

Benedicta sat down across from me, her dark eyes steady. "You need to tread carefully. Dean is dangerous, and if he suspects you're onto him, he won't hesitate to come after you-or Merlin."

At the mention of Merlin, a wave of protectiveness surged through me. "I won't let anything happen to him. But I can't just sit here and do nothing while Lia's out there, probably suffering."

Benedicta sighed. "I understand, but think about it. Lia's been missing since that fire, and the only people who know the truth are the ones involved-Dean and Alina. If Jenny really has something to say, you need to verify it before acting on it."

I nodded, knowing she was right. "That's why I agreed to meet her tomorrow. In public. I'll make sure she can't pull anything."

Benedicta tapped her fingers on the table. "Do you think Dean is behind all of this? Finn's murder, framing Lia, everything?"

I leaned forward, elbows on my knees, and lowered my voice. "I don't just think it-I'm sure of it. Dean killed Finn and made it look like Lia did it. He's manipulative, Benedicta. He's always been able to twist people and situations to his advantage."

Her eyes narrowed. "But why? What does he gain from all this?"

"That's what we need to figure out. Dean doesn't do anything without a plan. He must be after something-power, control, revenge. Maybe all three."

"And what about Alina? She's just as involved."

"She's blinded by her hatred for Lia. Finn's death has given her the perfect excuse to destroy Lia's life, and she's using it to the fullest."

Benedicta shook her head. "It's sick. All of it. But Luca, if we're going to take them down, we need evidence. Not just hearsay."

"I know," I said, clenching my fists. "That's why I'm meeting Jenny. If she has proof-anything that links Dean or Alina to Finn's murder-we can use it. But we also need to find out where Lia is. She's the key to all of this."

Benedicta's gaze softened. "You really care about her, don't you?"

I looked away, my throat tightening. "Lia doesn't deserve any of this. She's been through hell, and now she's being blamed for something she didn't do. I have to help her. I have to make this right."

For a moment, silence hung between us, broken only by the soft ticking of the clock. Then Benedicta reached out and placed a hand on my arm.

"Be careful, Luca. Lia needs you, but Merlin needs you too. Don't let your anger cloud your judgment."

I nodded, taking her words to heart. "I won't. But I won't let Dean and Alina get away with this either. If Jenny has what I think she does, we're one step closer to exposing them."

Benedicta gave a small smile, though her worry was still evident. "Just promise me you'll come back in one piece."

"I promise," I said, though the weight of the situation made my chest feel heavy.

As I stood to leave, Benedicta called out, "Luca?"

I turned back, and she hesitated before speaking. "Do you think Lia knows? About Dean's involvement?"

I thought about it for a moment, picturing Lia's fiery determination even in the face of adversity. "If she doesn't know yet, she'll figure it out. Lia's stronger than we give her credit for."

Benedicta nodded, her expression unreadable.

As I walked out into the cool night air, I couldn't shake the feeling that time was running out. Dean and Alina were dangerous, yes, but the real danger lay in underestimating them. Lia's life-and the truth-depended on what happened next.

___

Dean's POV

The chill of the early morning air bit into my skin as I stood in the parking lot, leaning casually against the hood of my car. The sun had barely risen, but I was already on edge. I knew Bianca and Jenny would show up sooner or later, and I intended to make sure I knew where they were going. Alina had her suspicions about them, and I wasn't about to let my guard down.

The sound of footsteps echoed across the lot, and I straightened up. Sure enough, Bianca and Jenny appeared, chatting quietly until they spotted me. Their expressions faltered for a split second before they quickly masked their surprise.

"Dean," Jenny greeted flatly, her hand tightening around her bag strap. "What are you doing here so early?"

I crossed my arms, giving them both a hard look. "Just following orders. Alina wants me to keep track of everyone's whereabouts. You know, with everything going on-Finn's murder, Lia's disappearance-it's important to stay vigilant."

Bianca snorted, clearly unimpressed. "That's rich coming from you. Why don't you station yourself somewhere useful instead of bothering us?"

Ignoring her jab, I stepped forward. "Where are you headed?"

Jenny raised an eyebrow, her tone turning defensive. "What's it to you? We're going to the mall. That's it. Now get out of the way."

I didn't budge. "You'll forgive me for not taking your word for it. Finn was killed, the killer is still out there, and now Lia's missing. Everyone's a suspect. Including you two."

Bianca let out a dry laugh, shaking her head. "Oh, that's funny. You think we're suspects?" She took a step closer, her eyes narrowing. "You're more of a suspect than we'll ever be. Let's not forget who you are, Dean. You're Lia's ex, an outsider in this clan, and someone with more secrets than anyone else here. Maybe it's you we should be keeping an eye on."

Her words hit harder than I cared to admit, and for a moment, I couldn't hide my shock. How did they know all that?

"Careful, Bianca," I said, my voice low. "Throwing around accusations like that can be dangerous."

Jenny smirked, clearly enjoying the exchange. "Is that a threat, Dean? Because if it is, let me remind you-you're not in charge here. You answer to Alina, just like everyone else."

I clenched my jaw, my frustration mounting. They were toying with me, and it was working.

Bianca pushed past me, yanking open the car door. "We don't have time for your paranoia. If you want to waste your day playing detective, be my guest. But leave us out of it."

Jenny followed suit, pausing only to flash me a mocking smile. "Have fun spinning your conspiracy theories, Dean. Maybe you'll stumble onto something useful."

Before I could respond, they slammed the car doors shut, started the engine, and drove off, leaving me standing in the lot, fuming.

I watched their car disappear around the corner, my mind racing. They knew too much-about me, about Alina's plans, about everything. And yet, they were acting like they had nothing to hide.

Something wasn't adding up.

I pulled out my phone, dialing Alina's number as I walked back to my car.

She answered on the second ring. "What is it?"

"We have a problem," I said, sliding into the driver's seat. "Bianca and Jenny are onto something. They know more than they're letting on, and they're not afraid to challenge me."

Alina's voice was cold and calculating. "What did they say?"

"They brought up Finn's murder and Lia's disappearance," I explained. "They even implied I'm the one who should be under suspicion. They're trying to rattle me."

"Let them," Alina said, her tone dismissive. "They don't have anything concrete. Just keep an eye on them and report back if they slip up."

"Fine," I muttered, though her confidence did little to ease my irritation. "But if they're digging into my past, they could become a real problem."

"Then make sure they don't find anything," Alina snapped. "We can't afford any loose ends, Dean. Not now."

Her words lingered in my mind long after the call ended.

As I sat there, staring out at the empty parking lot, I couldn't shake the feeling that the walls were closing in. Lia's disappearance, Finn's murder, Bianca and Jenny's sudden defiance-it was all spiraling out of control.

But if they thought they could outsmart me, they were sorely mistaken.

This wasn't over. Not by a long shot.
152
  
Jenny's POV

Bianca and I exchanged a knowing glance as we drove down the main road, the morning sun casting long shadows over the car's dashboard. Dean's little stunt in the parking lot was laughable. The way he tried to play the enforcer, pretending to be the innocent one, was almost amusing if it weren't so infuriating.

"Can you believe him?" Bianca scoffed, leaning back in her seat with crossed arms. "Acting like we're suspects when we already know what he's capable of."

I smirked, gripping the steering wheel tighter. "He's so transparent, it's pathetic. But let him think he's in control. The more he underestimates us, the easier it'll be to take him down."

Bianca nodded, her expression hardening. "He thinks we're clueless, but we've got him pegged. And Alina, too. They won't see us coming."

Before I could reply, my phone buzzed on the console. Luca's name flashed on the screen, and I quickly answered.

"Where are you?" Luca's voice was tense and low like he was barely holding himself together. "I'm waiting for you."

"I know," I said, keeping my tone calm. "But we've got a problem. Dean's probably following us. I need to throw him off our trail first."

There was a pause on the other end before Luca spoke again, his voice heavy with concern. "Be careful, Jenny. If he realizes you're onto him, he won't hesitate to retaliate."

"I know," I replied firmly. "Just hold tight. I'll get to you as soon as I can."

I hung up and turned to Bianca, who was already grinning. "So, what's the plan?"

I glanced in the rearview mirror, spotting the black sedan trailing a few cars behind us. "We're going to the mall. If Dean wants to play spy, let's give him something to watch."

Bianca chuckled. "I love this. It's like a game of cat and mouse, and he doesn't even know he's losing."

We pulled into the mall parking lot, making a point to park in a spot that was visible from the road. As we stepped out of the car, I caught a glimpse of the black sedan slowing down before it turned into the lot.

"He's here," I whispered to Bianca, nodding discreetly toward the car.

She didn't even glance back, her confidence unshaken. "Good. Let's give him a show."

We strolled into the mall, our pace leisurely, as if we had nothing better to do than shop. The air was filled with the chatter of shoppers and the faint scent of coffee wafting from a nearby café.

"We'll go into a few stores and pick up some things," I said quietly as we walked. "Make it look convincing."

Bianca nodded, already scanning the storefronts. "I could use a new pair of shoes anyway."

We ducked into a boutique, pretending to browse while keeping an eye on the glass doors. Sure enough, Dean's figure appeared moments later, lurking near the entrance like a wolf on the prowl.

Bianca smirked, picking up a pair of heels and holding them up. "What do you think? Too much?"

I couldn't help but laugh softly. "Perfect for distracting a would-be spy."

We continued shopping, moving from one store to the next, all the while aware of Dean's presence. He wasn't exactly subtle, but that worked to our advantage.

As we stepped into a larger department store, Bianca leaned close and whispered, "He's still following us. Do you think he'll get bored?"

"Not a chance," I replied. "Dean's too paranoid to let us out of his sight. But that's fine. The longer he's stuck here, the less time he has to cause trouble elsewhere."

Bianca grabbed a scarf off a rack and held it up to her neck, posing dramatically. "Do you think this screams 'innocent suspect' or 'mastermind in disguise'?"

I rolled my eyes, stifling a laugh. "You're impossible."

As the hours ticked by, we made our way through the mall, loading up on bags to sell the illusion. Dean's shadow remained constant, a reminder of the dangerous game we were playing.

But despite the stakes, I couldn't help but feel a surge of satisfaction.

For once, we were in control. And if Dean thought he could outsmart us, he was in for a rude awakening.

Bianca nudged me as we headed toward the food court. "Think we've distracted him enough?"

"Almost," I said, glancing over my shoulder. Dean was leaning against a pillar, his eyes fixed on us.

"Let's grab something to eat," I added. "Make him wait a little longer."

Bianca grinned. "You're really enjoying this, aren't you?"

I shrugged, unable to hide my smirk. "Let's just say it's nice to be the one pulling the strings for a change."

As we sat down with our food, I sent a quick text to Luca, letting him know the coast was clear-for now.

Dean might think he was the predator, but he was about to learn what it felt like to be the prey.

___

Alina's POV

I gripped my phone tightly as I made my way down the dimly lit path toward the cellar. The air was damp, and the faint scent of mildew clung to the walls. Dean's voice crackled on the other end of the line.

"Any updates?" I asked sharply, my patience wearing thin.

"She and that little friend of hers went to the mall," Dean replied. "I've been tailing them for hours. I'm sure they're up to something."

I sighed, rubbing my temple. "Don't let them out of your sight. Whatever they're planning, I need to know before it blows up in our faces."

"Relax, Alina," Dean said, his tone oozing with confidence. "I've got it under control."

"Don't make me regret trusting you," I snapped before hanging up.

The thought of Bianca and Jenny running loose, scheming behind my back, made my blood boil. They were loose threads, and I hated loose threads.

The heavy door to the cellar loomed ahead. I pushed it open, the creak of its hinges echoing in the empty corridor. Stepping inside, I spotted Lia slumped against the wall, her head resting on her knees. She looked so peaceful, almost fragile.

I scoffed at the sight, my heels clicking loudly on the stone floor as I approached her. Without hesitation, I raised my foot and pressed it down on her leg. Hard.

Lia jolted awake with a gasp, her face contorting in pain. "What the-"

"Rise and shine," I said mockingly, taking a step back as she glared up at me.

"What do you want now, Alina?" she spat, her voice laced with defiance.

I crossed my arms, a smirk tugging at my lips. "Oh, I just thought you'd like to know something interesting. Something about a certain little boy named Merlin."

Her eyes widened, and for a brief moment, I saw a flicker of fear cross her face. She quickly masked it, but I had already seen enough.

"What about him?" she demanded, her tone sharp.

I crouched down, meeting her gaze with cold amusement. "You see, I've been keeping tabs on him. He's safe... for now. With that lovely woman, Benedicta. But the thing is, I've got eyes everywhere."

"You stay away from my son," Lia hissed, her voice trembling with barely restrained fury.

I chuckled, standing up and brushing imaginary dust off my pants. "Or what? You'll stop me? Hate to break it to you, darling, but you're in no position to make threats."

Her hands balled into fists, and she gritted her teeth. "If you touch him, I swear you'll regret it."

"Regret it?" I echoed, tilting my head. "You're awfully bold for someone locked in a cellar, awaiting judgment. But don't worry, Lia. I don't need to hurt him-unless, of course, you give me a reason to."

Her breathing quickened, and I could see the panic setting in. Good. That's exactly what I wanted.

"Now," I continued, straightening my posture, "you'd better get yourself together. In three hours, you'll be standing before the pack elders. And trust me, they're not exactly known for their leniency."

Lia's defiant gaze met mine, but I could see the flicker of uncertainty in her eyes.

"You think you'll win, Alina?" she said, her voice low and steady. "You think you'll get away with everything you've done? The truth has a funny way of coming out. And when it does, you'll wish you never crossed me."

I laughed, the sound echoing in the confined space. "Oh, Lia. You're adorable when you're delusional. Enjoy your last few hours of false hope. You're going to need it."

With that, I turned on my heel and walked toward the door. Before stepping out, I glanced back over my shoulder, giving her one last smirk.

"Sweet dreams, Lia," I said, my tone dripping with mockery. "You're going to need all the rest you can get."

I shut the door behind me, the heavy sound of the lock clicking into place echoing through the corridor. As I walked back toward the main house, my phone buzzed in my pocket.

It was a message from Dean.

"They're leaving the mall. Headed back. Nothing suspicious so far."

I rolled my eyes, typing back a quick response. "Keep tailing them. I'll handle the elders. Just make sure those two don't screw this up for us."

As I slipped my phone back into my pocket, a small smile played on my lips. Everything was falling into place. Lia could fight and scream all she wanted, but the game was already won. All I needed to do now was play my part and let the pieces fall where they may.
153
  
Luca's POV

The weight of the past few days bore down on me like a suffocating blanket. I couldn't shake the gnawing worry about Lia. She was out there somewhere alive, I hoped but every passing second without answers felt like a dagger twisting in my chest.

My phone buzzed, pulling me from my thoughts. Jenny's voice came through the line, calm but urgent.

"We're here," she said.

I grabbed my jacket and stepped out of my car, spotting Jenny and Bianca standing near the café's entrance. They looked anxious, their gazes darting around as if someone might overhear them.

"Let's make this quick," I said, gesturing for them to follow me to a quieter corner of the park nearby. "What's this about?"

Jenny glanced at Bianca before speaking. "It's about Lia... and Dean."

The mention of his name made my fists clench. "What about him?"

Bianca took a deep breath, her expression conflicted. "We know where Lia is being kept."

My heart skipped a beat. "Where?"

"At the pack house," she said, her voice barely above a whisper. "In the cellar."

I froze, trying to process the information. The pack house? That was Alina's territory, and it didn't take a genius to figure out she was involved in this mess.

"How do you know this?" I asked, narrowing my eyes.

Jenny pulled out her phone, scrolling through her gallery before handing it to me. "We've been following Dean and Alina for days, watching their every move. This is what we've found."

The screen displayed a video of Dean sneaking Lia unconscious out of the burning prison and loading her into a car. Another video showed Alina entering the cellar, her expression smug and satisfied.

"And that's not all," Jenny continued. "We also know that Dean killed Finn."

The words hit me like a punch to the gut. "What?"

Bianca nodded. "He's been framing Lia this whole time, making her look guilty to cover his tracks. Alina's helping him, probably because she has her own agenda. We don't know all the details yet, but it's clear they're working together to destroy her."

Anger surged through me, my hands curling into fists. "Finn was one of my closest friends. And now Lia is suffering because of their lies?"

Jenny put a hand on my arm, her expression serious. "That's why we're here, Luca. We need to work together to stop them. We can't let them win."

I took a deep breath, trying to calm the storm raging inside me. "What's the plan? How do we vindicate Lia and expose them?"

Bianca spoke up, her voice firm. "First, we need more evidence. The videos we have are good, but they're not enough to convince the elders. We need something concrete, something that links Dean directly to Finn's murder and Alina to the conspiracy."

"And Lia?" I asked. "We can't leave her in that cellar."

Jenny nodded. "We'll get her out, but we have to be careful. If we move too soon, Dean and Alina will cover their tracks, and we'll lose our chance to expose them."

I ran a hand through my hair, frustration boiling under my skin. "So, what's the next step?"

Jenny exchanged a glance with Bianca. "We'll keep tailing them, gathering as much evidence as we can. You need to find a way to discreetly question the pack elders. See if any of them are already suspicious of Dean or Alina. If we can plant the idea that something's off, it'll be easier to present our case when the time comes."

"And what about Lia?" I pressed. "We can't leave her there indefinitely."

Bianca hesitated before speaking. "We'll keep an eye on her, make sure she's safe until we're ready to act. The last thing we want is for Alina or Dean to panic and do something reckless."

The plan felt fragile, like it could crumble at any moment. But it was all we had.

"All right," I said finally. "I'll do my part. But if anything happens to Lia-"

"We won't let anything happen to her," Jenny interrupted, her tone resolute. "We're in this together."

I nodded, though the unease in my chest remained. "Let's get to work."

As we left the park, my mind raced with possibilities. Dean and Alina thought they had won, that they had silenced Lia and buried the truth. But they were wrong.

Because now, they had me to deal with. And I wasn't going to stop until Lia was free and justice was served.

___

Dean's POV

The roads blurred as I drove aimlessly, frustration boiling in my veins. How the hell had I lost them? Bianca and Jenny had been in my sight for hours, and then, like ghosts, they vanished into thin air.

I slammed my fist against the steering wheel, the car skidding slightly before I corrected it. Something wasn't right about those two. The way they brushed me off earlier, their sudden outings-it all reeked of suspicion.

Pulling into the driveway of the pack house, I parked haphazardly and stormed inside. The house felt suffocating, its familiar walls closing in around me. I didn't bother knocking on Alina's door before barging in. She was standing by her vanity, fixing her hair, her reflection calm and collected in the mirror.

"What is it, Dean?" she asked, not even glancing at me.

"I lost them," I growled, pacing the room.

"Who?"

"Bianca and Jenny," I snapped. "They've been acting strange, sneaking around, and now they're gone. I think they're up to something."

That caught her attention. She turned to face me, her brow furrowed. "What do you mean, 'up to something'?"

"I don't know," I admitted, running a hand through my hair. "But they're not being subtle. They know something, Alina, and I don't like it. They've been watching me, asking too many questions."

Alina crossed her arms, her gaze narrowing. "Do you think they know about Lia?"

I hesitated. "Maybe. Or worse, they could have evidence."

For a moment, silence filled the room, broken only by the ticking of the clock on the wall. Then Alina sighed, her calm demeanor replaced with a flicker of irritation.

"We can't afford any loose ends," she said. "Keep a close eye on them, Dean. And when they return, don't let them out of your sight until they tell you everything they know."

"What if they don't talk?"

A wicked smile curled on her lips. "Then make them talk."

I nodded, the weight of her words settling on me. I'd do whatever it took to protect what we'd built.

"Where are you going?" I asked as she picked up her coat.

"I have a meeting with the elders in a few minutes," she replied. "They're starting to ask questions about Lia's disappearance, and I need to get ahead of it. Which reminds me-Lia needs to be ready for the meeting."

"What are you planning to do with her?"

Alina smirked, a cold glint in her eyes. "I'll make sure she stays quiet. The elders just need to see her as the desperate prisoner she is. Nothing more, nothing less. After that, we can deal with her however we please."

Her confidence was infectious, but I couldn't shake the gnawing feeling in my gut. Bianca and Jenny were wild cards, and if they exposed us, everything would crumble.

"What if the elders start digging deeper?" I asked.

"They won't," she said firmly. "Not if we play this right. Now, go do your job, Dean. Handle Bianca and Jenny. Leave Lia and the elders to me."

I nodded again, though the unease lingered. As Alina left the room, I stood there for a moment, staring at the closed door.

This plan had been perfect. Every piece meticulously placed, every angle considered. But now? The cracks were starting to show, and I wasn't sure if we could patch them up in time.

Taking a deep breath, I left Alina's room and made my way downstairs. The packed house was eerily quiet, the tension in the air thick enough to cut.

Bianca and Jenny were out there, probably plotting something, and Lia was locked away in the cellar, waiting for whatever twisted fate Alina had planned for her.

I tightened my fists. I needed to get ahead of this. Bianca and Jenny wouldn't know what hit them, and

Lia? She'd face the elders soon enough, and after that, she wouldn't be a problem anymore.

For now, though, I had work to do.
154
  
Lia's POV

The cold stone floor beneath me was a cruel reminder of my reality, my back pressed against the damp wall of the cellar. My body ached with exhaustion and pain, each bruise a testament to the torment I had endured at the hands of Dean and Alina. The cell was stifling, suffocating in its silence, and I could feel my breath becoming shallow as panic bubbled just beneath the surface. I wasn't sure how long I'd been here, but the isolation and darkness were wearing me down.

The faint creak of the cellar door jolted me to attention. Footsteps echoed down the stairs, slow and deliberate. I already knew who it was, even before she stepped into view.

Alina.

Her presence filled the room as she approached, her polished, composed demeanor standing in stark contrast to the grim surroundings. She held something in her hand something that glinted in the dim light. A dress. A ridiculous gesture of control. She tossed it onto the floor in front of me like I was nothing more than an object she could manipulate.

"Get up," she ordered sharply, "and put this on."

I didn't move at first. My muscles were stiff from sitting too long, and the idea of playing along with whatever twisted game she was setting up felt nauseating. "Why?" I croaked, my throat dry from the lack of water.

Alina's lips curled into a cold smile, her eyes narrowed with disdain. "You're meeting the elders, Lia. You're not going to that meeting looking like a prisoner. You'll put this on, and you'll do exactly as I say, or I'll drag you out of here in chains."

A sickening surge of dread gripped my chest, but I fought it down. She was trying to break me. Trying to make me fear the inevitable. But I wouldn't give her that satisfaction.

I slowly stood up, my legs trembling as I reached for the dress. It was an elegant piece, but the fabric felt like a mockery against the cold stone of the cellar. The irony wasn't lost on me Alina had no respect for anything except power, and this was just another way for her to exert control.

"What's the plan, Alina?" I asked, my voice coming out raspier than I intended. I had to know. I had to understand what game she was playing.

Alina's eyes flashed with impatience as she stared at me, her arms crossing over her chest. "I've already told the elders everything," she said, her voice dripping with venom. "That you escaped from prison on your own, that you started the fire, and that you killed Finn." Her words were meant to sting, and they did. "Now you're going to play your part. You're going to confess to everything I've accused you of, and then we'll see what happens to you."

I felt a surge of anger rise within me, hotter than anything I had felt before. "You're lying," I spat, the words laced with venom. "I didn't kill Finn. And I didn't start that fire. You're the one behind all of this. You and Dean."

Alina's lips twisted into a cruel smile, but there was a flash of something dark in her eyes. She took a step toward me, her gaze locking onto mine with an intensity that sent a chill down my spine. "You're not in a position to make demands, Lia," she hissed, her voice low and dangerous. "If you don't keep quiet, I'll finish you off. No one will care, and no one will ever know. And you know what? I'll make sure your precious son suffers for your disobedience."

The words hit me like a punch to the gut. Merlin. She was threatening my son now. My heart raced, a cold sweat breaking out across my forehead. "Don't you dare touch him," I whispered through gritted teeth. "If you do, you'll regret it. I swear to you."

Alina's smile only widened, as if she found my defiance amusing. She grabbed my arm roughly, dragging me toward the stairs, my feet stumbling as I was pulled upward. "You're not in control here, Lia. And you never will be."

My chest tightened as we ascended the stairs, and I tried to steady my breath, to focus. This wasn't the end. It couldn't be. I couldn't let her win. I wouldn't.

When we reached the top of the stairs, Alina pulled open the door to the hallway. The bright light from the elders' chamber filtered in, and I could hear the murmur of voices. My heart pounded in my chest, my body instinctively tensing as we approached the large double doors.

"This is it," Alina said, her voice tinged with satisfaction. "You'll confess. You'll tell them everything I've said, and you'll accept whatever punishment they decide. Or I'll make sure you never see the light of day again."

I forced my feet to move, my body betraying me as I was pulled forward, the door swinging open before us. The elders were already gathered inside, their faces grim and expectant.

I stood tall, despite the fear gnawing at me from within. "You can do whatever you want to me, Alina," I said, my voice unwavering. "But I will never admit to something I didn't do. I won't be your puppet."

She shoved me forward into the room, and as the heavy doors slammed shut behind us, I realized that this was only the beginning. I would find a way to expose her, to protect Merlin and the truth. And no matter what Alina thought, this game wasn't over. Not by a long shot.

___

Alina's POV

The doors to the large hall swung open with a heavy, resounding thud as I pushed Lia forward. She stumbled slightly, still weak from her time in the cellar, but I couldn't bring myself to care. This was her punishment, and it was long overdue. She had become a thorn in my side, a complication I hadn't expected, but now I was in control. She had no choice but to bend to my will.

I watched as Lia stood, head held high, despite the obvious strain in her posture. She had spirit, that was for sure, but spirit didn't win in this game. Power did. And I had it all. I could already see the looks on the elders' faces-some of them sympathetic, some of them indifferent, but all of them eager to see what would happen next.

I walked to my seat at the head of the table, my eyes never leaving Lia. "Take your seat," I ordered, my voice laced with authority. She hesitated for a brief moment, but eventually, she complied, sitting down at the center of the room, her eyes scanning the faces around her. It didn't matter. None of them would help her. They were all too afraid of me to challenge anything I said.

The meeting commenced with a few formalities, but I was already lost in my thoughts, anticipating Lia's response to the charges against her. She would confess. She had no other choice. I had prepared the narrative perfectly: that Lia had escaped from prison, that she had caused the fire, and that she was responsible for Finn's death. The elders would have no reason not to believe me. But Lia, of course, had other plans.

When the floor was opened for her defense, I couldn't help but feel a slight stir of irritation as she stood and denied everything. Her voice was steady, but there was no mistaking the defiance in her eyes.

"I didn't kill Finn," Lia said, her voice firm and unwavering. "I didn't start that fire. You're the one who's behind all of this. You, Alina."

Her accusation was nothing short of audacious. The room fell into an uncomfortable silence, and for a moment, I felt the sting of her words. But I couldn't let her get away with this. Not now, not after everything I'd done to ensure her guilt would be seen by everyone.

"Lia," I said calmly, masking my anger with a veneer of patience. "You're only digging yourself a deeper hole. This defiance won't save you."

But she didn't listen. She stared at me defiantly, and that only fueled my rage. Her refusal to acknowledge the truth was insufferable, and in that moment, I made a decision. I signaled to the elders to adjourn the meeting, to give Lia a brief respite before we continued. But I knew what would happen next-there was no way in hell she would escape the punishment she deserved.

The room cleared, and I walked out of the hall, a cold determination building within me. I had to deal with Lia. And I would do it in a way that made her understand exactly who was in charge.

I made my way to the dungeons, my footsteps echoing off the stone walls as I descended into the depths of the pack house. The air was thick with a damp, oppressive scent, and the dim lighting cast shadows across the walls, making the space feel even more claustrophobic. I entered the cell where Lia was being held, my eyes narrowing as I took in her form. She was slumped against the wall, her arms crossed over her chest, her face set in that same stubborn defiance.

"Lia," I said, my voice low, as I walked toward her. "You're being very foolish. Your denial is only making things worse for you. You have no idea what I'm capable of."

She lifted her head slowly, her eyes meeting mine with an intensity that sent a shiver down my spine. "You think I'm afraid of you?" she asked, her voice steady but tinged with exhaustion. "You think I'm going to bend to your threats? You're wrong."

I smirked, leaning in closer, my face just inches from hers. "I don't need you to be afraid of me. I just need you to understand that you have no choice. You will confess in the next meeting. If you don't, I'll make sure that the consequences are worse than anything you've ever imagined. I'll take everything from you-your son, your freedom, your life. And there won't be anyone left to save you."

Her face remained stoic, but I could see the flicker of fear in her eyes. She wasn't as strong as she pretended to be. And I was going to make her break.

"I'll never confess to something I didn't do," Lia muttered, the words coming out barely above a whisper. "You can threaten me all you want, but I'll never be your pawn."

I laughed, the sound echoing in the cold, empty space. "You'll see, Lia. You'll confess, or I'll make sure you wish you had."

I turned on my heel, walking toward the door, but I paused before I left, turning back to face her one last time. "You've made your choice, Lia. And now you'll suffer the consequences."

With that, I left the dungeon, the heavy door slamming shut behind me. I didn't need to hear any more of her useless defiance. The next time we met with the elders, she would h

ave no choice but to admit to the crimes she had committed-or face a far worse fate.
155
  

Bianca's POV

Jenny and I stepped out of the car, exhausted but feeling a small sense of accomplishment after managing to give Dean the slip earlier. It had been a long day, and all I wanted was to get inside, grab something to eat, and collapse on my bed. But as soon as we walked toward the front door, I saw him. Dean. Leaning casually against the porch railing, his arms crossed over his chest and a smirk playing on his lips.

"What's this?" Jenny muttered under her breath, her expression immediately hardening.

I glanced at her, then back at Dean. "Trouble," I replied quietly.

"Ladies," Dean greeted us, his tone laced with mock politeness. "Long day?"

I rolled my eyes and walked past him toward the door, but he stepped in front of me, blocking my way. "Not so fast," he said. "Where have you two been?"

"Out," Jenny replied nonchalantly, folding her arms across her chest. "What's it to you?"

Dean's smirk deepened as his eyes narrowed. "Out where? Because last I checked, Alina gave me strict instructions to monitor everyone's movements. So, I suggest you tell me the truth."

I couldn't help but laugh at the audacity of this man. "You're really out here playing watchdog for Alina? That's pathetic, even for you, Dean."

His jaw tightened, but he didn't respond to the insult. Instead, he turned his attention to Jenny. "I'm serious. Where were you?"

Jenny rolled her eyes dramatically. "We went to the mall, Dean. Do you want a detailed list of the things we bought, too? Maybe the receipt?"

Dean wasn't buying it, and his piercing gaze lingered on us as though he could see through the flimsy excuse. "The mall, huh?" he said slowly, his tone dripping with skepticism. "And you expect me to believe that?"

"Believe whatever you want," I said, stepping closer to him, my voice firm. "But if you're trying to accuse us of something, you better have proof. Otherwise, get out of our way."

Dean's smirk faltered for a moment, and I could see the frustration brewing behind his eyes. "You think you're clever, don't you?" he muttered.

Jenny scoffed. "We don't have to think it. We know it."

Before he could respond, I pushed past him and opened the door, motioning for Jenny to follow me. She didn't hesitate, and together we walked into the house, leaving Dean standing on the porch, seething.

As soon as we were inside, I locked the door behind us and let out a heavy sigh. "He's definitely suspicious," I said, leaning against the door.

Jenny nodded, tossing her bag onto the couch. "Yeah, but let him be. He doesn't have anything on us."

"For now," I added, my voice low. "We have to be careful, Jenny. He's not going to let this go."

Jenny sat down, crossing her legs and drumming her fingers on the armrest. "Let him try. If he pushes too hard, we'll deal with him. He's all bark and no bite."

I wasn't so sure. Dean was dangerous, and we both knew it. But we didn't have time to dwell on that now. There was too much at stake.

"What about the plan?" I asked, lowering my voice. "Do you think Luca believed you?"

Jenny nodded. "He did. He's on board. But we need to act fast. The longer we wait, the more time Dean and Alina have to cover their tracks."

I chewed on my bottom lip, my mind racing. "We need to figure out our next move. We can't just sit here and wait for something to happen."

Jenny leaned forward, her expression serious. "I agree. But first, we need to be absolutely sure we can trust Luca. If he slips up, this whole thing could fall apart."

I nodded. "You're right. Let's keep the details vague for now. Just enough to keep him on our side without giving away too much."

"Exactly," Jenny said, a small smile playing on her lips. "We've got this, Bianca. We just need to stay one step ahead of them."

As much as I wanted to believe her, I couldn't shake the feeling of unease that settled in my chest. Dean wasn't going to give up easily, and neither was Alina. We were playing a dangerous game, and the stakes were higher than ever.

"We should get some rest," I said finally, glancing at the clock. "Tomorrow's going to be a long day."

Jenny nodded, standing up and stretching. "Yeah. Let's get some sleep. We'll figure out our next move in the morning."

I watched her head toward her room, my mind still racing with thoughts and possibilities. Dean might have been left standing outside tonight, but I knew he wasn't done with us. And neither was Alina.

We were in the middle of a storm, and the only way out was to fight. But no matter what, I wasn't going to let them win. Not this time.

___

Alina's POV

The sound of my heels echoed in the hallway as I made my way to Dean's room. The meeting with the elders had been frustrating, to say the least. Lia had denied every accusation, and despite my carefully constructed lies, they were hesitant to deliver a final verdict. They wanted more evidence. Evidence I didn't have.

I reached Dean's door and knocked once before pushing it open. He was sitting on the edge of his bed, staring blankly at the floor. He looked up when I entered, his expression unreadable.

"We need to talk," I said, closing the door behind me.

"About the meeting?" he asked, his tone neutral.

I nodded, walking over to the chair across from him and sitting down. "It didn't go as planned. Lia denied everything, of course, and the elders decided to adjourn the session. They want more time to 'investigate.'" I rolled my eyes. "As if they'll find anything."

Dean leaned back, his arms crossed over his chest. "So, what now?"

"Now," I said, leaning forward, "we have to make sure Lia doesn't have the chance to twist the narrative. She needs to confess, Dean. If she doesn't, the elders might start asking the wrong questions. Questions that could lead back to us."

He nodded but didn't say anything.

"What about Bianca and Jenny?" I asked, narrowing my eyes. "Did you find out anything?"

Dean sighed, shaking his head. "No. I followed them for most of the day, but they managed to lose me. I don't know where they went or what they were doing, but it's clear they're hiding something."

I frowned. "They're up to no good. I can feel it. We need to keep a closer eye on them, Dean. If they're working against us, we can't let them get away with it."

"I'll handle it," he said, his voice firm. "Don't worry. We'll get to the bottom of this."

I studied him for a moment, searching for any signs of doubt or hesitation. Dean was usually so composed, so confident, but tonight he seemed... off.

"Good," I said, deciding to let it go for now. "Because we don't have time for mistakes. The elders are already skeptical, and the last thing we need is for Bianca and Jenny to start stirring up trouble."

Dean nodded but remained silent.

"There's something else," I said after a moment. "When I went to the cellar to get Lia for the meeting, she said something that caught my attention."

Dean looked at me, his expression carefully neutral. "What did she say?"

"She said that the real murderer might still be out there," I replied, watching him closely. "That whoever killed Finn could be waiting to strike again. She even suggested that I could be next if I'm not careful."

For the briefest moment, I thought I saw a flicker of something in Dean's eyes-fear, maybe, or guilt-but it was gone as quickly as it appeared.

"Did she?" he said, his tone casual.

"Yes," I said, leaning forward. "And I noticed you looked... shocked just now. Is there something you're not telling me, Dean?"

He shook his head quickly, almost too quickly. "No. There's nothing. I'm just surprised Lia would say something like that. She's clearly trying to mess with your head, Alina. Don't let her get to you."

I narrowed my eyes, studying him carefully. Dean was a good liar, but I had spent enough time around him to know when something was off.

"She also said that the truth will come out eventually," I added, watching his reaction closely.

Dean's jaw tightened, but he said nothing.

"Dean," I said, my voice low. "If there's something I need to know, now is the time to tell me."

"There's nothing," he said firmly, standing up and walking over to the window. "Lia's just trying to save herself. She'll say anything to get under your skin."

I didn't believe him, but I decided not to press the issue. Not yet, anyway. There were more important things to deal with right now.

"Fine," I said, standing up and smoothing down my dress. "But we need to act fast. Lia has to confess at the next meeting, no matter what it takes. If she doesn't, everything we've worked for could fall apart."

Dean turned to face me, his expression unreadable. "She'll confess," he said quietly.

"She better," I said, walking toward the door. "Because if she doesn't, she won't be the only one facing consequences."

With that, I left the room, my mind racing. Something wasn't right with Dean, and I was going
to find out what it was. But first, I had to deal with Lia.

If she thought she could outsmart me, she was in for a rude awakening.
156
  

Dean's POV

I leaned against the cold windowpane of my room, Alina's words echoing in my mind. "The truth will come out eventually." She had said it so casually, but the way her eyes pierced mine told me she suspected something. Alina wasn't stupid if anything, she was the most cunning person I'd ever met.

But I couldn't let her unravel this. Not now, not ever.

Pacing the room, I pulled out my phone and dialed one of my guards. "I need eyes on Bianca and Jenny," I ordered, my voice cold and sharp. "From now on, I want them followed whenever they leave the house. I want to know where they go, who they meet, and what they're planning. Understood?"

"Yes, sir," the voice on the other end replied.

I ended the call and tossed the phone onto the bed, rubbing a hand over my face. Bianca and Jenny were up to something, and it was only a matter of time before they made their move. But I wouldn't give them the chance to ruin everything I'd worked for.

Pulling on my jacket, I left my room and made my way down the long corridor toward the dungeon. The air grew colder with each step, the dim lighting casting eerie shadows on the stone walls. My footsteps echoed, a rhythmic reminder of my power and control in this house.

When I reached the heavy iron door, I paused for a moment, letting the satisfaction of what I was about to do wash over me. Lia had been a thorn in my side for far too long, and seeing her in that dark, damp cell was a pleasure I intended to savor.

Pushing the door open, I stepped inside. The room smelled of damp stone and despair, and in the corner, Lia sat slumped against the wall, her once-bright eyes dulled by weeks of captivity. She looked up as I entered, and for a brief moment, something flickered in her gaze hope, maybe, or defiance.

"Dean," she said, her voice hoarse.

I chuckled, crossing my arms as I leaned against the cell bars. "Well, well, look at you," I said, smirking. "How the mighty have fallen."

Lia didn't respond, her lips pressing into a thin line.

"You know," I continued, "I always thought you looked better in the light. But seeing you here, in the dark, helpless and broken it suits you."

"Why are you here, Dean?" she asked, her voice stronger now.

I tilted my head, pretending to ponder her question. "Why am I here? Good question. Maybe I just wanted to see you, Lia. Or maybe I wanted to remind you how you got here."

Her jaw tightened, and I could see the hatred burning in her eyes.

"You could have had everything, you know," I said, stepping closer to the bars. "You could have had me. But no, you had to go and choose Finn." I sneered, the name tasting bitter on my tongue. "He wasn't good enough for you, Lia. He never was. So, I did what I had to do."

Her eyes widened slightly, and I knew she understood exactly what I was saying.

"You killed him," she whispered, her voice trembling.

I shrugged, feigning nonchalance. "I wouldn't put it so bluntly, but yes, I made sure he was out of the picture. Permanently. And look where it got you, Lia. All alone, rotting in this cell. Was he worth it?"

Her hands clenched into fists, her whole body trembling with anger. "You're a monster," she spat.

I laughed, the sound echoing through the small space. "Maybe I am. But I'm a monster who gets what he wants. And right now, what I want is for you to confess. Alina's patience is wearing thin, and trust me, you don't want her to lose it."

Lia didn't say anything, her gaze dropping to the floor.

I crouched down, gripping the bars as I lowered my voice. "You can end this, Lia. Just admit to everything, and maybe. just mJust I'll convince Alina to show you some mercy. But if you keep fighting, you'll regret it."

Her head snapped up, and for a moment, I saw the fire in her eyes again. "I'll never confess to something I didn't do," she said, her voice steady.

I sighed, standing up and shaking my head. "Suit yourself. But don't say I didn't warn you."

Turning on my heel, I walked out of the cell, my smirk returning as I heard her muttered curses behind me. Lia could fight all she wanted, but in the end, I would win.

I always did.

___

Lia's POV

The echo of Dean's boots faded, leaving behind a suffocating silence that settled over the cold dungeon. His words still rang in my ears, cruel and venomous. He thought he'd broken me. He thought locking me in here would silence me. But he was wrong.

I leaned my head back against the damp stone wall, my mind racing. Dean's arrogance was his weakness. He always believed he was in control, but cracks were beginning to show in his carefully constructed facade. All I needed was a way to exploit them.

The sound of muffled voices outside the dungeon door snapped me out of my thoughts. The door creaked open, and two figures stepped inside. Bianca and Jenny.

I straightened, my body tense. "What do you want?" I asked, my voice sharper than I intended.

"We're here to help," Bianca said, her voice steady as she approached the bars of my cell.

I scoffed, shaking my head. "Help? That's rich. The last time I trusted someone, I ended up in here. Forgive me if I'm not exactly eager to jump at another opportunity to be betrayed."

Jenny folded her arms, her expression serious. "We're not Dean. And we're not Alina. We don't have anything to gain from helping you, Lia. But we do have a lot to lose if we don't."

I narrowed my eyes, scrutinizing them both. "And what exactly do you think you're going to lose?"

Bianca stepped closer, her gaze unwavering. "Everything. Alina and Dean are out of control. They're playing a dangerous game, and if we don't stop them, they'll destroy all of us. You included."

Her words hung in the air, heavy with truth. But I wasn't ready to believe them. Not yet.

"And why should I trust you?" I asked, my voice cold.

Jenny exchanged a glance with Bianca before pulling out her phone. "You don't have to trust us. But maybe you'll trust Luca."

My heart skipped a beat at the mention of his name. "Luca?"

Bianca nodded, taking the phone from Jenny and dialing a number. She held it out to me as it rang. "Talk to him. Hear what he has to say."

I hesitated, staring at the phone as if it might bite me. Then, cautiously, I reached through the bars and took it.

"Hello?" Luca's voice came through the speaker, warm and familiar.

My throat tightened, and for a moment, I couldn't speak. "L-Luca?"

"Lia!" His voice was filled with relief. "Thank god, you're okay. Are you hurt? What's going on?"

Tears pricked at my eyes as the sound of his voice washed over me like a balm. "I... I don't know what to say. I didn't think I'd ever hear your voice again."

"I'm here, Lia," he said firmly. "And I'm going to get you out of there. Bianca and Jenny told me everything. They're on our side."

I glanced at the two women, their expressions earnest. For the first time, a sliver of hope pierced through my doubt.

"You believe them?" I asked Luca, my voice barely above a whisper.

"I do," he said without hesitation. "They've been risking a lot to help you, Lia. Trust them. Please."

I closed my eyes, letting his words sink in. Luca wouldn't lie to me. If he trusted them, then maybe I could too.

"Okay," I said finally, my voice shaky but resolute. "I'll trust them. For now."

"Good," Luca said, his tone firm. "Stay strong, Lia. We're going to bring you home. I promise."

Tears spilled over, and I quickly wiped them away. "Thank you, Luca."

The line went dead, and I handed the phone back to Bianca, my fingers trembling.

"You've got my attention," I said, my voice steadier now. "What's the plan?"

Bianca and Jenny exchanged a determined glance before turning back to me.

"We're going to take Alina and Dean down," Jenny said, her voice filled with conviction. "And you're going to help us do it."

For the first ti

me in what felt like forever, I felt a spark of hope ignite in my chest. Maybe, just maybe, I wasn't as alone as I thought.
157
  

Luca's POV

Hearing Lia's voice had done something to me. It was as if the weight of the entire world had lifted, even if just for a moment. She was alive. She was strong, though I could tell she was barely holding on. That was all I needed to ignite the fire in me. I wouldn't stop until she was out of that dungeon and safe in my arms again.

I sat at my desk, Bianca and Jenny's videos and pictures of the dungeon laid out before me. The images showed every detail the cold, damp walls, the heavy iron bars, the chains. Each photo made my blood boil, but I forced myself to stay calm. This wasn't the time for emotions. It was time for action.

I transferred the files to multiple systems, uploading them to encrypted drives and saving them on several flash drives. Losing this evidence wasn't an option. Dean would stop at nothing to keep his secrets buried, and I wasn't going to let him.

"Benedicta," I called out, and moments later, she entered the room, her brow furrowed in concern.

"What is it, Luca?"

I handed her a small stack of flash drives. "I need you to hide these in the cellar under your house. Make sure they're somewhere no one would think to look. Dean can't find these, no matter what."

Her eyes widened as she took the drives. "Luca, what are you planning?"

"Everything," I said simply. "And nothing he'll see coming."

She hesitated but nodded. "I'll keep them safe. But you need to be careful. Dean isn't someone to underestimate."

"I know," I said, standing and stretching. The tension in my body refused to leave, but I couldn't afford to let it show. "Which is why I'm going to meet him."

"What?" she exclaimed, her voice rising in alarm. "Are you out of your mind?"

"I don't have a choice," I said firmly. "Dean thinks he's untouchable. If I want to bring him down, I need to get close enough to gather more evidence. Bianca and Jenny's help has been invaluable, but it's not enough. I need his words, his confessions."

"And you think he'll just hand them to you?"

"Not exactly," I said, pulling a small microchip from my pocket. "This will record everything. I'll plant it on his clothes during our meeting."

Benedicta looked at me like I'd lost my mind. "And what happens when he figures out what you're doing? Luca, this is dangerous!"

"I know," I said softly, placing a reassuring hand on her shoulder. "But I don't have another option. If I don't do this, Lia stays in that dungeon. And I'm not letting that happen."

Her shoulders slumped, and she let out a shaky breath. "Fine. But promise me you'll be careful."

"I will," I assured her. "But you need to be watchful too. Dean is sneaky, and if he suspects anything, he might try something while I'm gone. Stay alert, and keep Merlin close."

Her expression hardened, and she nodded. "I'll watch him like a hawk."

"Good." I grabbed my jacket and slipped the microchip into the inner pocket. My heart pounded in my chest, but I pushed the fear aside. This wasn't about me. It was about Lia.

As I stepped out of the house, I turned back to Benedicta one last time. "If anything happens, don't wait for me. Call Luca or Bianca. They'll know what to do."

"Nothing will happen," she said, her voice firm. "But I'll be ready."

I nodded, satisfied, and headed to the car. The drive to meet Dean felt longer than it should have, every passing second weighing on me. My mind raced with scenarios, each more dangerous than the last. But I clung to the plan.

Dean had no idea what was coming. He thought he held all the power, but he'd underestimated me. This wasn't just about saving Lia it was about justice. Dean needed to pay for everything he'd done, and I was going to make sure he did.

As I approached the meeting point, I took a deep breath, steeling myself. This was just the beginning. I had to play the part, act as if nothing was wrong, all while collecting every word, every slip-up, every detail that could bring him down.

For Lia. For justice. For freedom.

I stepped out of the car, the microchip safely tucked in my pocket, and made my way to the meeting spot. The game was on, and I was ready to play.

___

Dean's POV

The couch beneath me offered little comfort. For hours, I'd been trying to rest, but my mind wouldn't let me. The weight of everything-the secrets, the lies, the constant juggling of power-pressed down like a vice on my chest. I leaned back, closing my eyes, but even that didn't offer reprieve.

Then my phone rang.

I opened my eyes, irritated. Reaching for it, I glanced at the caller ID. Luca.

A part of me wanted to ignore it, let him stew in whatever thoughts had driven him to contact me. But I couldn't. Luca wasn't someone you brushed aside-not when he was involved with something as delicate as Lia.

"Dean," I answered, my voice curt.

"We need to meet," he said, his tone calm but firm.

"Why?"

"It's important."

I waited for him to elaborate, but he didn't. He never gave more than necessary. That was Luca-controlled, calculating, and always several steps ahead.

"Fine. Where?"

He gave me the location, and I ended the call without another word.

I stood, stretching out the stiffness in my body before heading to the closet. Pulling out a dark shirt and slacks, I dressed quickly, mentally rehearsing my alibi. If Alina asked where I was going-or where I'd been later-I'd tell her I needed to unwind. To clear my head.

She wouldn't press. Alina knew better than to question me when I was in this mood.

Sliding my shoes on, I grabbed my car keys and stepped outside. The crisp night air met me as I approached the sleek black car waiting in the driveway. I got in, started the engine, and pulled out onto the empty road.

As the city lights blurred past, my mind began dissecting the situation. Why had Luca called me? What did he want?

I tapped my fingers against the steering wheel, my grip tightening. Luca wasn't stupid. He wouldn't reach out unless he had a reason-a good one.

The memory of our last conversation resurfaced, that heated moment when I'd let my guard down and confessed to killing Finn. A mistake, no matter how fleeting. Luca was too sharp to let something like that slide.

I sighed, frustration bubbling beneath the surface.

This wasn't how things were supposed to go. I'd been careful, meticulous in covering my tracks. But Luca had a way of unraveling even the most carefully laid plans. He was like a shadow-silent, persistent, and impossible to shake.

I glanced at the GPS, noting I was nearing the meeting point.

Whatever he had planned, I needed to be ready.

The location he'd chosen was secluded, dimly lit by a single flickering streetlamp. My instincts flared. It felt too perfect for a setup.

I parked the car but didn't step out immediately. Reaching for my phone, I dialed Luca's number.

"Are you alone?" I asked when he picked up.

"Yes," he replied without hesitation.

"And why do you want to meet?"

"To negotiate. About Lia. Nothing else."

I stayed silent for a moment, weighing his words. Negotiate? Luca rarely used that word. He was direct, preferring action over diplomacy.

I scanned the area through the windshield, my unease growing. Negotiation or not, Luca wasn't to be underestimated. He'd do whatever it took to protect Lia-even if it meant crossing lines he'd never considered before.

But I wasn't one to back down.

After a moment's pause, I opened the car door, stepping out into the cool night.

Each step I took toward the meeting point was calculated, and deliberate. I wouldn't give him the satisfaction of catching me off guard.

This time, I'd be ready.
158
  

Luca's POV

The air was heavy as I waited at the secluded spot I had chosen for the meeting. The dim glow of the streetlamp above barely illuminated the area, making it the perfect place for a private confrontation. My fingers drummed against my thigh as I replayed the plan in my mind. Dean wasn't stupid-he'd be on guard.

I heard the faint hum of an approaching car and looked up, spotting Dean's black vehicle as it rolled to a stop a few feet away. He didn't step out immediately. I knew he'd call first, testing the waters. My phone vibrated, and I answered it on the first ring.

"Are you alone?" Dean's voice was clipped, suspicious.

"Yes," I replied evenly, keeping my tone calm.

"What do you want?"

"To negotiate. About Lia. Nothing else."

There was a pause before I heard his car door open. I slid my phone back into my pocket, watching as he approached. His steps were measured and deliberate. Dean always carried himself like a predator, confident and ready to strike.

"You have five minutes, Luca," he said as he stopped a few feet away from me. "Say what you need to say."

I squared my shoulders, refusing to let his imposing demeanor intimidate me. "You know why I called you here, Dean. This is about Lia. Let her go."

Dean smirked, his lips curling into that smug expression I'd grown to hate. "And why would I do that? She's exactly where she belongs."

"Because we both know the charges against her are fabricated," I shot back. "You're the one pulling the strings, Dean. Just name your price, and I'll pay it. Whatever it takes to set her free."

His smirk deepened, and he took a step closer. "Whatever it takes? That's a bold offer, Luca. But you see, it's not about money or power. It's about Lia. She made her choice, and it wasn't me."

I clenched my fists, my nails digging into my palms as I forced myself to stay calm. "This isn't about the past, Dean. It's about doing what's right."

"Right?" He let out a bitter laugh. "Do you even hear yourself? What's right doesn't matter in this game. You should know that by now."

I stared at him, my jaw tightening. "You killed Finn, didn't you?"

Dean's eyes narrowed, but he didn't deny it. Instead, he tilted his head, a sly grin spreading across his face. "And if I did?"

"You're admitting it, then," I said, my voice sharp.

He leaned in slightly, his tone dropping to a low, mocking whisper. "It doesn't matter if I admit it, Luca. Alina won't believe you. You can scream it from the rooftops, show her evidence, and she'll still take my side. You're wasting your time."

His words stung because I knew there was truth to them. Alina was blinded by her loyalty to Dean, no matter how dark his deeds were. But I couldn't let that stop me.

"She deserves to know," I said firmly. "And I'll make sure she does."

Dean's expression darkened for a moment before he chuckled softly. "Enough of this," he said. "You said you wanted to negotiate. So, what are you offering?"

"Anything," I said without hesitation. "Whatever you want, just let Lia go."

His gaze sharpened, and for a moment, he seemed to be considering my words. But then his smile returned, cruel and calculating.

"I don't want money, Luca. I don't want power. What I want is Lia."

My stomach twisted at his words, and I took an instinctive step forward. "She's not yours to have, Dean. You can't force her to love you."

"Love has nothing to do with it," he snapped. "She'll stay with me because I say so. She'll learn to obey, to respect me."

"You're delusional," I said, my voice rising. "You think you can control her, but Lia's stronger than you realize. She'll never be yours."

Dean's smirk faltered, and for the first time, I saw a flicker of something else-anger, frustration. "You think you can save her?" he said, his tone cold. "You think you're some kind of hero?"

"I don't think, Dean. I know I can save her," I replied, my voice steady. "And I will, no matter what it takes."

We stood there in tense silence, the weight of our words hanging between us.

"This conversation is over," Dean finally said, stepping back. "You've wasted enough of my time."

I didn't stop him as he turned and walked away. But as I watched him go, I felt a renewed sense of determination.

Dean might think he held all the cards, but he didn't know me as well as he thought. I wasn't backing down-not until Lia was free and he was exposed for the monster he truly was.

___

Bianca's POV

Jenny's phone buzzed on the table, shattering the uneasy silence between us. I glanced at her, and she gave me a small nod before picking it up. The name on the screen flashed "Luca." My heartbeat quickened. If Luca was calling now, it had to be important.

Jenny swiped to answer, putting the call on speaker.

"Luca," she said, her voice steady.

"Listen carefully," Luca's voice came through, low and urgent. "Dean's more dangerous than we thought. I managed to record part of my meeting with him. I'm sending you the audio now."

Jenny and I exchanged a look. Luca's words sent a chill down my spine. I grabbed the phone, my hands shaking slightly as I spoke. "What else did he say, Luca?"

"He admitted to killing Finn," Luca said, his voice hard. "But he's confident no one will believe it. Alina is blind to his faults, and Dean knows it."

My jaw clenched. Finn's murder had haunted us all, but now that we knew the truth, the weight of it was almost unbearable.

"Luca," Jenny said, her voice trembling slightly, "what do we do now?"

"I need you two to be my eyes and ears," Luca said firmly. "Follow Dean's movements, dig into his activities, and find something solid something undeniable. We need evidence that can't be ignored."

Jenny nodded, though Luca couldn't see her. "Got it. Send us the audio," she said.

"Already done," he replied. "Be careful. Dean's not stupid, and he won't hesitate to hurt anyone who gets in his way."

The call ended, leaving an air of tension in the room. Seconds later, Jenny's phone chimed with the incoming file. She opened it, and we listened to the recording in silence. Dean's voice was unmistakable, laced with arrogance and malice as he confessed to Finn's murder.

I felt my blood boil. Finn didn't deserve this. He had been good-kind. He loved Lia, and now his life was reduced to nothing more than a power play for Dean.

As we processed Luca's instructions, the faint sound of a car engine reached my ears. I stiffened, glancing out the window. Headlights illuminated the driveway as a sleek black car came into view.

"Dean," I whispered, my voice cold.

Jenny turned to me, her eyes wide. "What do we do?"

"I'll handle him," I said, standing up.

"Bianca-"

"No," I cut her off, my tone firm. "I need to do this. Trust me."

Without waiting for her reply, I headed toward the door. My mind raced as I thought about how to approach him. Dean was cunning, but I knew how to play his game.

As I stepped outside, Dean was already getting out of his car. He shut the door with a soft thud and turned to me, his expression unreadable.

"Bianca," he greeted, his voice calm but sharp. "What brings you out here at this hour?"

I folded my arms, schooling my features into an indifferent mask. "I should be asking you that. Where are you coming from?"

Dean raised an eyebrow, a smirk tugging at the corner of his lips. "Since when do I report to you?"

"Since you started acting suspicious," I shot back. "You disappear without explanation, and then Finn dies? You can't expect me not to wonder."

He chuckled darkly, taking a step closer. "You're pretending, Bianca. You don't care about Finn, not really."

My stomach twisted, but I kept my expression neutral. "And what makes you think that?"

"Because I know you," Dean said, his tone dripping with confidence. "You're not mourning Finn. You're angry because you didn't have him. You loved him, didn't you? But he was too blinded by Lia to notice you."

His words hit harder than I expected, but I refused to show it. Instead, I leaned into the act, letting my bitterness show. "You're right," I said, my voice low. "I loved Finn. I wanted him, but Lia stole him from me. So don't tell me I'm pretending. I want her to rot in that cell just as much as you do."

Dean's eyes narrowed slightly as if he were trying to decipher whether I was lying or not. "Is that so?" he asked, his voice softer now, almost mocking.

"Yes," I said firmly. "But that doesn't mean I'm not curious about who actually killed him. Was it you, Dean? Did you do it?"

His smirk returned, cold and cruel. "You're playing a dangerous game, Bianca. Be careful where you tread."

I stared at him, my pulse racing as I held his gaze. His non-answer was answered enough. He had killed Finn, but he wasn't going to admit it outright not here, not now.

"Maybe I am," I said evenly. "But you should be careful too, Dean. People are watching."

With that, I turned and walked back toward the house, my heart pounding in my chest. Dean's eyes burned into my back, but I didn't look back. This was far from over.
159
  
Lia's POV

The sound of the dungeon gate creaking open jolted me awake. My eyes snapped toward the iron bars, and I sat up on the cold, damp cot, my heart pounding. The rusted hinges screeched, echoing ominously in the silence of the room. A tall guard stepped in, followed by a maid clutching a tray of food.

"Eat," the maid said curtly, placing the tray on the ground with a loud thud. Her eyes were cold as they met mine. "You'll need your strength for today. Lady Alina has plans for you."

My stomach twisted at her words, but I didn't show it. I glared at her instead. "What plans?" I asked sharply.

The maid smirked. "You'll see soon enough," she said. "After all, killers don't deserve comfort."

"I didn't kill anyone!" I shot back, the chains around my wrists clinking as I stood. My voice echoed in the small cell. "So, you better watch your mouth."

The maid laughed bitterly, her voice grating on my nerves. "Save your lies for someone who cares," she said. "Everyone knows what you did. You're nothing but a murderer. A liar. You deserve no peace, no pity, and no mercy."

I took a step forward, my hands trembling with rage. "Say that again," I challenged.

Her eyes narrowed as she raised her hand as if to strike me. I flinched but held my ground, ready to fight back.

"Stop!" Bianca's voice rang out, cutting through the tension like a blade.

The maid froze her hand still in the air. Both of us turned to see Bianca standing at the entrance, her expression dark with anger.

"What do you think you're doing?" Bianca demanded, her voice cold and sharp.

The maid stammered, "I-I was just-"

"Just what?" Bianca interrupted, stepping closer. "Overstepping your bounds? Who gave you the right to touch her?"

The maid lowered her gaze, but Bianca wasn't finished. "Get out," she ordered her voice firm.

The maid hesitated, her lips parting as if to protest, but Bianca's glare silenced her. She grabbed the empty tray and scurried out of the cell, her footsteps fading quickly.

Bianca turned to the guard next. "Leave us," she commanded.

The guard hesitated, his eyes darting between Bianca and me, but eventually, he nodded and exited the cell, closing the gate behind him.

I stared at Bianca, confusion and suspicion swirling in my mind. "What are you doing here?" I asked, my voice rough.

She sighed, running a hand through her hair. "Trying to stop you from getting killed," she said bluntly.

I scoffed, crossing my arms. "Why? So you can feel better about yourself? Spare me the act, Bianca."

Her jaw tightened, but she didn't respond right away. Instead, she moved to the corner of the cell and leaned against the wall. "I'm not here to argue with you," she said. "I'm here because I know you didn't kill Finn."

Her words stunned me into silence. I searched her face for any hint of deceit, but she seemed sincere.

"If you know that, then why am I still here?" I asked bitterly.

"Because proving it isn't easy," she admitted. "Dean's got everyone convinced that you're guilty. And Alina she's not exactly the forgiving type."

I laughed humorlessly. "Tell me something I don't know."

Bianca sighed again, her gaze softening. "Look, I'm trying to help you," she said. "But I can't do it alone. You need to trust me."

"Trust you?" I repeated, my voice rising. "How can I trust you when you're part of the same group that put me here?"

She didn't flinch at my accusation. Instead, she stepped closer, her eyes locking onto mine. "You don't have a choice," she said simply. "Unless you'd rather rot here and let them win."

I stared at her, my heart pounding. She wasn't wrong. As much as I hated to admit it, I didn't have any other options.

"What's your plan?" I asked reluctantly.

A small smile tugged at her lips, but it didn't reach her eyes. "First, we need to figure out what Alina's planning for you. And then" She trailed off, her expression hardening. "Then we find a way to expose Dean for the snake he is."

Her words ignited a flicker of hope in my chest, but I quickly squashed it. I couldn't afford to get my hopes up, not yet.

"I still don't trust you," I said, my voice quiet but firm.

Bianca nodded. "Fair enough," she said. "But trust or not, I'm not leaving you to face this alone."

Her determination caught me off guard. For the first time since I'd been thrown into this dungeon, I felt a sliver of hope. Maybe, just maybe, I wasn't as alone as I thought.

___

Bianca's POV

The dim light of the dungeon made Lia's face look even paler than I remembered. I crouched next to her, lowering my voice so no one outside could hear. "Lia," I began, "I need you to stay strong. We're working on a plan to get you out of this."

She looked at me skeptically, her eyes sunken from exhaustion. "What plan? Bianca, do you really think there's a way out of this? Dean has everyone convinced I killed Finn."

I leaned closer. "Listen to me. Luca, Jenny, and I had a meeting last night. We're gathering evidence against Dean. Luca already recorded him confessing to killing Finn. We're careful, but we're making progress. It's only a matter of time before we expose him for the liar and murderer he is."

Her lips trembled as she absorbed my words. "You're serious?" she whispered, her voice cracking.

I nodded, gripping her hand tightly. "Dead serious. We've already started. Luca sent us recordings, and we're tracking Dean's moves. Trust me, Lia. This isn't over yet."

For the first time in days, a faint flicker of hope lit her eyes. "Thank you," she said, her voice barely audible. "Thank you for believing in me. I was starting to lose hope."

My heart ached at her words, but I forced a reassuring smile. "You're not alone in this. We're going to get you out of here, no matter what it takes."

She nodded weakly, and I stood, glancing at the door to ensure the coast was still clear. "Hang in there. I'll check on you soon," I said, giving her one last look before leaving the dungeon.

As I made my way to the breakfast room, my mind raced. Dean's confidence was his weakness. He didn't realize we were closing in on him, and I planned to use that to my advantage.

When I entered the dining room, I was immediately met with a sight that made my blood boil. Dean was seated at the table with Alina and Jenny, eating as if he owned the place. How dare he?

"Why is Dean eating here?" I asked, my tone sharp as I approached the table.

Alina looked up from her plate, her expression cool and dismissive. "Bianca, mind your business," she said, her voice dripping with disdain. "Besides, you're not really part of this family, so you should know your place."

Her words stung more than I cared to admit, but I refused to show it. Instead, I squared my shoulders and pulled out a chair, sitting down across from Dean without another word.

Jenny glanced at me, her eyes full of unspoken understanding. We were both walking a tightrope, pretending to tolerate Dean while working behind the scenes to take him down.

As I picked at my food, I couldn't help but steal glances at Dean. He looked calm, almost smug as if he had nothing to hide. It made my stomach churn. He was a murderer, sitting at this table as if he belonged, while Lia rotted in a dungeon for his crime.

I clenched my fork tightly, resisting the urge to say something that might give us away. Alina's presence didn't make things easier. She was firmly in Dean's corner, blindly loyal to him despite everything. Confronting him now would be useless and dangerous.

Jenny nudged my foot under the table, breaking my train of thought. I glanced at her and caught the subtle raise of her eyebrow, a silent reminder to stay focused. We had a plan, and we needed to stick to it.

I took a deep breath and forced myself to relax. Dean's arrogance would be his downfall, and I had no intention of tipping him off before the time was right.

Still, as I sat there, pretending to eat, I couldn't shake the anger boiling inside me. Dean might think he was untouchable, but he was wrong. Luca, Jenny, and I were closing in, and it was only a matter of time before his lies unraveled.

I glanced at Jenny again, and this time, she gave me a faint nod. It was a small gesture, but it was enough to remind me of what we were fighting for. Lia's freedom, Finn's justice, and the truth no matter the cost.

Dean might be sitting there now, acting like he had nothing to fear, but his days were numbered. And when the truth finally came out, he'd have nowhere to hide.
160
  

Benedicta's POV

I poured Merlin another glass of orange juice as he bit into his toast. His small hands fumbled to balance the slice, and I couldn't help but smile. These quiet breakfasts with him had become my anchor amidst the storm that had engulfed our lives.

"Mom's taking too long to come back," Merlin said, his voice tinged with the innocence of a child.

I hesitated, setting my cup down. "She'll be back soon," I said softly, keeping my tone light. "She just had to travel for something important. But she's coming back, Merlin. You'll see her soon."

He nodded reluctantly, his little face pensive as he focused on his plate. Watching him like this made my chest tighten. He deserved none of this chaos, none of the lies or danger that had seeped into our home. I wanted so badly to protect him from all of it, but the secrets we kept were growing heavier by the day.

Just as I reached for my coffee, the doorbell rang. My body stiffened instantly. Who could it be this early in the morning? I glanced at Merlin, who looked just as curious.

"Stay here, okay? I'll check who it is," I said quickly, rising from the table.

Walking toward the door, I took a calming breath before opening it. What I saw made my heart stop. A man stood there tall, broad-shouldered, with a cold, calculating gaze that sent shivers down my spine. He didn't belong here, and I knew instantly that this wasn't a casual visit.

"Who are you?" I asked, trying to keep my voice steady.

His lips curved into a humorless smile. "I have a message from my boss," he said smoothly, ignoring my question.

I instinctively turned slightly to glance at Merlin, who was craning his neck to see what was going on. My mind raced. Whatever this man wanted, I couldn't let Merlin get dragged into it.

"What does your boss want?" I asked calmly, even though my heart was pounding in my chest.

The man held out a folded piece of paper. "This is an address," he said. "You need to be there with the boy at the time written on it. If you're late or don't show up, you'll never see Lia again."

His words hit me like a punch to the gut, but I kept my expression neutral. I couldn't afford to show weakness. "Understood," I said, taking the paper from him.

The man's smile widened slightly as if he was enjoying the power he held in this moment. Then, without another word, he turned and walked away, disappearing down the street.

The second the door closed, I reached for my phone and called Luca. My hands trembled as I dialed his number, but I managed to keep my voice steady when he picked up.

"Luca," I said quickly, "a man just came to the house. He said he had a message from his boss and handed me an address. He wants me to bring Merlin there at a specific time. He threatened Lia."

"I saw everything," Luca replied, his voice calm but firm. "The security cameras caught it all. I'm already on my way."

Relief flooded through me, but it was short-lived. The situation was far from over. "Thank you," I said quietly before hanging up.

I turned back toward the dining room, where Merlin was still sitting at the table, looking up at me with wide, curious eyes. "Who was that?" he asked, his tone innocent but laced with concern.

I forced a smile, shoving the paper into my pocket. "Just someone dropping off a message," I said casually, ruffling his hair as I walked past him.

"What kind of message?" he pressed, his curiosity unrelenting.

"Nothing important," I said lightly, sitting back down at the table. "Now, finish your breakfast. You have a busy day ahead, young man."

Merlin gave me a skeptical look but eventually returned to his toast. I watched him quietly, my mind racing as I tried to piece everything together.

The man's visit was a clear warning. Whoever his boss was, they were escalating things, and Lia's life hung in the balance. But Luca was already on it, and I trusted him to handle the situation.

For now, I needed to focus on keeping Merlin calm and safe. As I sat there, sipping my now-cold coffee, I couldn't help but feel the weight of everything pressing down on me. Lia, Merlin, the lies we were all tangled in it was all spiraling out of control.

But no matter what, I wouldn't let fear take over. I'd protect Merlin with everything I had, and I'd fight for Lia's freedom. These people might think they could intimidate me, but they were wrong.

This wasn't over. Not by a long shot.

___

Luca's POV

I had already sent a team to tail the man who had visited Benedicta's house. It was crucial not to lose him, especially after the threat he delivered to her. My instructions were clear follow his car, intercept him at a safe spot, and knock him out without drawing attention. There was no room for error.

The call from my team came just as I was nearing the safe house. "We've got him, boss," one of them confirmed. "He's unconscious, and we're heading to the designated location."

"Good," I replied curtly. "Secure him there, and make sure no one knows what happened."

Minutes later, I arrived at the location. The place was desolate, perfect for what I had planned. The man was already tied to a chair, slumped over, but breathing. My men stood guard, ensuring no interruptions.

Pulling out my phone, I called Jenny. Her voice came through after the second ring. "Luca, what's going on?"

"I've got an update," I said, pacing the dimly lit room. "The man who threatened Benedicta has been captured. I'm sending you and Bianca a picture now."

I snapped a quick photo of the unconscious man, his face bruised from the struggle. "We're going to use him as leverage against Dean," I explained. "The only way to free Lia is to set Dean up. We need Alina to see him for the monster he really is."

Jenny hesitated before replying, "And how do you plan to do that?"

"I'll blackmail Dean," I said firmly. "This guy is our key. I'll make Dean think we've got information that could ruin him, and I'll bait him into meeting me. Once we're face-to-face, I'll provoke him. Dean's pride is his weakness he won't be able to stop himself from saying too much."

"And what if he doesn't take the bait?" Bianca chimed in, having joined the call.

I smirked. "He will. He thinks he's untouchable, but he won't risk whatever he's hiding getting out."

I paused, looking at the man tied to the chair. "I'll also have cameras set up at the meeting point. If Dean admits to anything anything at all I'll send the footage to Alina anonymously. Once she sees the truth, Lia will be free."

There was a brief silence on the other end before Bianca spoke. "It's risky, but it might work. Just be careful, Luca. Dean isn't the type to go down without a fight."

"I know," I replied, my voice hard. "That's why I need you and Jenny to keep an eye on Alina. If this goes south, she might try to protect Dean, even if she knows the truth."

"We've got it covered," Jenny assured me.

Ending the call, I turned back to the man. He was starting to stir, groaning softly as he regained consciousness. "Wake him up," I ordered my men.

One of them splashed cold water on his face, jolting him fully awake. His eyes darted around the room in panic before landing on me.

"Who who are you?" he stammered.

"Your worst nightmare if you don't cooperate," I said coldly, leaning in close. "You delivered a message to Benedicta. Now you're going to deliver one for me."

The man's eyes widened, but I didn't give him a chance to respond. I took another photo of him, making sure his bound hands were visible, and sent it directly to Dean. Along with the picture, I typed out a message:

"Meet me at the address below. You know what happens if you don't."

I included the location of an abandoned warehouse I'd scouted earlier. Dean wouldn't dare ignore this.

As I hit send, I felt a surge of anticipation. This was the moment that could turn everything around. Dean had been untouchable for too long, but his arrogance would be his downfall.

Turning to my men, I gave them final instructions. "Keep this guy alive, but don't let him out of your sight. If anything goes wrong, I'll need him as insurance."

One of them nodded. "Understood, boss."

I stepped outside to wait for Dean's response, the cool night air biting against my skin. The minutes dragged on, each one heavier than the last. Finally, my phone buzzed.

The message was brief but telling: "I'm on my way."

A grim smile spread across my face. Everything was falling into place. Now it was up to me to see it through.

As I leaned against the hood of my car, I couldn't help but think of Lia. She'd endured so much because of Dean's lies and manipulations. She didn't deserve this.

I clenched my fists, determination hardening my resolve. Today wasn't just about setting her free it was about justice. Dean's reign of terror was coming to an end, and I'd make sure of it.

For Lia. For Benedicta. For everyone, Dean had ever hurt.

And if he thought he could outsmart me, he was about to learn just how wrong he was.
161
  

Dean's POV

The tension in the air was suffocating as I stormed into my room, slamming the door shut behind me. My mind was spinning, the weight of the picture Luca had sent me pressing heavily on my chest. How had things spiraled so far out of control? I didn't know what Luca thought he was doing, but whatever it was, it wasn't going to end well for him.

I yanked open my closet, grabbed a crisp shirt, and threw it on, my movements sharp and deliberate. My hands trembled slightly, but I pushed the unease aside. I needed to focus. If Luca wanted to play games, I'd play. But I'd make sure he regretted it.

Just as I fastened the last button on my shirt, there was a knock at the door. I froze for a second, letting out a frustrated sigh before opening it. Alina stood there, her arms crossed, her eyes narrowing at me.

"And where are you heading off to in such a rush?" she asked, her voice carrying a note of suspicion.

"I need to get out for a bit," I said, keeping my tone neutral. "Clear my head. Everything going on has been... a lot."

Her eyes softened slightly, but I could still see the doubt lingering there. "You're not planning anything reckless, are you? We need to stay united now more than ever."

I forced a small, tired smile. "Reckless? No. I just need some air, Alina. I'll be back soon."

She seemed to hesitate, her gaze searching my face for any sign of deceit, but I didn't flinch. Finally, she nodded, stepping aside. "Fine. But don't take too long. There's still a lot to deal with."

"Of course," I murmured, brushing past her and heading for the car park.

As I approached my car, I spotted Bianca and Jenny standing near one of the other vehicles, deep in conversation. My steps faltered slightly, but I quickly composed myself and walked past them, hoping they wouldn't notice me.

"Dean!" Bianca's voice called out, stopping me in my tracks.

I turned slowly, my expression blank. "What?"

"Where are you off to?" she asked, her tone sharp.

"Out," I said curtly, not in the mood for their interrogation.

Jenny stepped forward, her arms crossed. "Out? Care to elaborate?"

"No," I snapped, my patience thinning. "It's none of your business."

Bianca raised an eyebrow, exchanging a look with Jenny. "We're just curious. You've been acting... strange."

I rolled my eyes. "I don't owe you an explanation. Now, if you'll excuse me..."

Without waiting for a response, I turned on my heel and climbed into my car, slamming the door shut. As I started the engine, I caught a glimpse of the two of them watching me, their expressions unreadable.

The drive to the location Luca had sent was tense, the silence in the car broken only by the hum of the engine. My grip on the steering wheel tightened as I replayed the events of the past few days in my mind. I couldn't let him get the upper hand. Whatever he thought he had on me, I'd make sure it wasn't enough.

When I finally pulled up to the abandoned building, I parked the car and sat for a moment, my heart pounding. This wasn't how I'd envisioned things going. But if Luca wanted to confront me, then so be it.

I pulled out my phone and dialed his number, the tension building with every ring.

"You're here," he said when he answered, his voice calm, almost taunting.

"Where are you?" I demanded, my eyes scanning the building's exterior.

"Inside," he replied. "Come in. Let's talk."

His words hung in the air as the line went dead. I shoved the phone into my pocket and stepped out of the car, taking a deep breath. Whatever game Luca was playing, he'd soon realize I wasn't one to back down.

___

Luca's POV

I leaned back in the chair, my arms crossed as I stared at the door. The faint sound of footsteps echoed in the distance, growing louder with each step. My eyes narrowed, anticipation simmering beneath my calm exterior. Dean was finally here.

The door creaked open, and there he was his expression a mixture of anger and wariness. His gaze flicked around the room before landing on me.

"You've got some nerve," he said, walking closer. "What the hell is this about, Luca? Why did you abduct my man?"

I smirked, rising slowly from the chair. "Why did you send him to Benedicta's house?"

Dean scoffed, his eyes narrowing. "Merlin is my son. I have every right to want to see him."

"Your son?" I repeated, my voice dripping with disbelief. "You mean the child you conveniently ignored until now? Spare me the excuses, Dean. We both know this has nothing to do with Merlin and everything to do with your desperation to cover your tracks."

Dean stiffened, but his voice remained cold. "What do you want, Luca? What's your endgame here?"

I stepped closer, keeping my gaze locked on his. "It's simple. I'll let go of Lia. I'll even go far away and disappear from your life and everyone else's. But only on one condition."

He tilted his head, suspicion evident in his eyes. "And what condition is that?"

"You destroy the gun," I said, my voice steady. "The same gun you used to kill Finn."

The mention of Finn's name made his face twitch, though he quickly masked his reaction. "Why would I do that?" he asked, his tone laced with skepticism. "Why should I trust you?"

I reached into my pocket, pulled out my travel documents, and held them up for him to see. "This is my visa to Puerto Rico. I boarded a flight three days after... everything. I've got nothing to lose, Dean. All I need is your agreement. Destroy the gun, and I'll leave peacefully. No more games, no more threats."

He stared at the documents for a moment, his expression unreadable. Then his gaze shifted back to me. "And I'm supposed to just take your word for it?"

I chuckled, shaking my head. "Dean, this isn't about trust. It's about survival. Do you want to keep Alina in the dark about who you really are? Fine. But as long as that gun exists, you're vulnerable. Destroy it, and I'm out of your hair for good."

He seemed to consider my words, his jaw tightening as he weighed his options. The room fell silent, the tension thick enough to cut with a knife.

Finally, he exhaled sharply and nodded. "Fine. We have a deal. But if you cross me, Luca-"

I raised a hand, cutting him off. "Save your threats, Dean. I know exactly who I'm dealing with."

His eyes narrowed, but he didn't respond. I watched as the tension in his shoulders eased slightly, the smallest crack in his otherwise unshakable facade.

"Good," I said, slipping the documents back into my pocket. "Then let's get this over with."

For the first time in years, it felt like I had the upper hand. But I knew better than to trust Dean entirely. This was just the beginning, and I was prepared for whatever came next.
162
  

Dean's POV

The moon hung high in the sky as I led Luca through the winding path behind my property. The forest was eerily silent, save for the crunch of leaves under our feet. My heart pounded in my chest, but my face betrayed none of my inner turmoil. This was all part of the plan, and I wasn't about to let Luca suspect a thing.

After a few minutes, I stopped abruptly. "It's here," I said, pointing to a spot on the ground.

Luca stood back, arms crossed, his piercing gaze fixed on me. I ignored him and picked up the shovel I'd brought along, plunging it into the earth. The damp soil gave way easily as I dug, my muscles straining with each movement. Minutes felt like hours as the hole grew deeper until finally, the edge of a metal box came into view.

I pulled it out, brushing the dirt off the surface before unlocking it. Inside was a gun-clean, shiny, and deliberately placed. I held it up for Luca to see.

"Here it is," I said, my voice even.

Luca's eyes narrowed as he stepped closer. "This is the gun?"

"This is the gun," I confirmed.

Without another word, I walked back to my car and retrieved a hammer from the trunk. Placing the gun on a flat rock nearby, I lifted the hammer high and brought it down with a resounding crack. The sound echoed through the forest as the gun's frame bent under the force. Strike after strike, I ensured the weapon was nothing more than a mangled mess of metal.

Luca watched in silence, his expression unreadable. When I was done, I straightened and turned to him. "Satisfied?"

He tilted his head slightly. "And what about the gun you used to frame Lia? Is this it?"

I met his gaze without flinching. "This is the same gun. There's no other."

For a moment, he just stared at me, as if trying to decipher some hidden meaning in my words. Then, he gave a small nod. "Good."

We walked back to our cars in silence. The tension was thick, but I kept my composure, knowing this encounter was far from over.

As I climbed into my car, I glanced in the rearview mirror, watching Luca drive off into the darkness. A slow smile crept onto my face, followed by a low chuckle that grew into full-blown laughter.

He actually believed it.

I started the engine and took a long, winding route to a location only I knew. This was my sanctuary, my secret place where I kept things I couldn't afford to lose.

The hideout was small and unassuming, tucked away in a dense thicket of trees. I parked the car and walked inside, the weight of the evening's events finally lifting as I approached a hidden panel in the wall. Behind it was another safe.

I entered the code with practiced ease, the lock clicking open to reveal the real prize: the gun.

The weapon gleamed under the dim light, its significance heavy in my hands. This was the gun that could destroy Lia's life-or save it, depending on how I chose to play my cards. I turned it over in my hands, a triumphant smile spreading across my face.

"Nice try, Luca," I murmured to myself, placing the gun back into the safe and securing it tightly.

The night was far from over, but for now, I allowed myself a moment of satisfaction. Luca thought he'd outsmarted me, but this game was mine to win.

As I stepped out of the hideout and locked the door behind me, the cool night air filled my lungs. I felt invincible, the weight of the evening's charade fading into the background.

This wasn't just a game of survival-it was a game of strategy, and I had just made my move.

_____

Luca's POV

The moment the call connected, Jenny's voice came through, steady but tinged with urgency.

"Did you get the video?" I asked, gripping the steering wheel tightly as I navigated the dark streets.

"Yes, we did," Jenny confirmed. "It's clear as day. He's digging something out of the ground. What's the next move?"

I glanced at the small tracker display on my dashboard, which showed Dean's location in real time. The chip I had planted on his coat was working flawlessly. "Keep watching for any new movements. I have a feeling this isn't over yet. That bastard might think he's smart, but he doesn't know who he's messing with."

"Got it," Jenny replied before hanging up.

As I pulled up in front of Benedicta's house, I took a deep breath, centering myself. I had to get her and Merlin out of here immediately. Dean was unpredictable, and with the way things were escalating, there was no telling what he might do next.

I stepped out of the car and walked briskly to the door. The tension in the air was palpable as Benedicta opened it, her eyes widening in surprise.

"Luca? What are you doing here?"

"We need to go. Now," I said firmly, stepping inside without waiting for an invitation. "Dean's getting desperate, and it's only a matter of time before he makes a move. You and Merlin need to be somewhere safe."

Benedicta hesitated, glancing toward the living room where Merlin was playing with his toys. "Is it that serious?"

"It's worse than you think," I replied, lowering my voice. "Dean knows we're close to exposing him. I can't risk him coming after either of you."

She nodded, understanding the gravity of the situation. "Give me a moment."

Minutes later, Benedicta and Merlin were bundled up and ready to leave. I carried Merlin's bag while Benedicta held his hand tightly, her face etched with worry.

Once they were settled in my car, I drove straight to my house, my mind racing. As soon as we arrived, I ushered them inside and locked the doors behind us.

"Stay here," I instructed, pointing to the living room. "I'll handle the rest."

Benedicta nodded, sitting down with Merlin, who was too distracted by his surroundings to notice the tension.

I went straight to my office and pulled up the live feed from the chip I had placed on Dean. The grainy footage showed him walking into what looked like a small, hidden structure. My gut twisted as I watched him retrieve another gun-a different one this time-from a secret compartment.

I leaned back in my chair, a slow smile spreading across my face. "Got you."

Benedicta walked in quietly, her expression curious. "What's happening?"

I pointed to the screen. "He destroyed the wrong gun. But now we know where he's keeping the real one."

Relief flickered across her face. "So what's the plan?"

I picked up my phone and dialed a number. "We're going to take it from him."

When the call connected, I spoke quickly, giving my men the coordinates of the hideout. "Get there quietly. Take the gun, but make sure no one sees you. I don't want Dean catching wind of this until it's too late."

After hanging up, I leaned back in my chair, exhaling deeply. The pieces were finally falling into place.

Benedicta sat down across from me, a small smile playing on her lips. "You're really something, Luca. I don't know how you manage to stay two steps ahead."

I smirked. "It's not about being ahead. It's about knowing your opponent. Dean thinks he's clever, but his arrogance is his biggest weakness."

She nodded, looking more at ease. "So, what happens now?"

"Now," I said, standing up, "we wait. Once we have the gun, it's game over for Dean."

As I walked back into the living room, I found Merlin curled up on the couch, fast asleep. Benedicta sat beside him, her expression softening as she stroked his hair.

"We'll be safe here," I assured her. "Dean won't know what hit him."

She looked up at me, her eyes filled with gratitude. "Thank you, Luca. For everything."

I nodded, my resolve hardening. "I'm not doing this just for Lia or Benedicta. I'm doing this for everyone Dean's hurt. And when the time comes, he'll have no one to blame but himself."

As the night stretched on, I couldn't help but feel a sense of satisfaction. The tide was turning, and Dean's downfall was only a matter of time.
163
  

Alina's POV

The weight of responsibility bore down on me as I walked to my wardrobe and selected a long, formal gown in a deep shade of red. It was the color of power, of justice of finality. Today marked the end for Lia. Today, she would face judgment for her crime.

Once dressed, I tied my hair back in a sleek bun and slipped on a pair of black heels. My reflection in the mirror stared back at me, fierce and composed, but inside, I felt a twinge of uncertainty. Shaking it off, I grabbed my phone and left my chambers.

The dungeon was damp, the cold air biting against my skin as I walked down the dimly lit corridors. Lia sat in the far corner of her cell, her face pale but defiant. She didn't look like someone who was about to face her end.

"Get up," I ordered, unlocking the cell door. My voice was clipped and firm.

Lia stood slowly, her movements deliberate, as if mocking my authority. "So, it's today," she said, her voice calm.

I ignored her tone, grabbing her arm and pulling her out of the cell. "Today marks your final day," I said coldly. "The day you'll be judged and punished for killing Finn. And after that, you'll be gone from this earth."

Lia didn't respond, but I could feel her gaze burning into my back as I led her through the halls.

The grand hall was already bustling with activity. The elders sat in their designated seats, their faces solemn and expectant. Guards stood at attention along the walls, their eyes trained on me as I pushed Lia forward.

"Move," I snapped, shoving her toward the spot designated for her at the center of the room. Lia stumbled slightly but caught herself, her expression unreadable as she took her place.

I walked up to my seat at the head of the table and sat down. Taking a deep breath, I addressed the room. "Elders, we may begin."

Before anyone could speak, my phone buzzed in my pocket. I hesitated, glancing down at the screen. It was an anonymous message. A part of me wanted to ignore it-this was no time for distractions but something compelled me to check it.

Unlocking my phone, I opened the message and saw a video file. My pulse quickened as I pressed play.

The footage was shaky but clear. It showed Luca and Dean standing together, talking in hushed tones. I turned up the volume, and their voices filled my ears:

"we destroy this gun, and it's over," Luca was saying.
Dean's reply was chillingly calm. "Fine. But I don't trust you."

I froze, my mind racing. What were they doing together? Why was Dean discussing a gun with Luca?

"Alina?" one of the elders prompted, drawing my attention back to the room.

I quickly locked my phone and forced a neutral expression. "Halt the meeting," I said abruptly. "I've just received an urgent message that requires my attention."

The elders exchanged confused glances but complied, leaning back in their chairs.

As they murmured among themselves, I replayed the video, this time plugging in my earphones to hear every word clearly. The conversation between Luca and Dean continued their tone tense but calculated.

The realization hit me like a thunderbolt. My thoughts flashed back to what Lia had said during her initial plea: "What if I'm not the one responsible? What if the person is really close to you?"

Could it be true? Could Dean, my trusted partner, have something to do with Finn's death?

My heart pounded in my chest as the implications sank in. I needed time to process this.

"Guards," I called out, my voice steady but firm. "Take Lia to a spare room and lock her in. She is to remain there until further notice."

The guards immediately moved to comply, grabbing Lia and escorting her out of the hall. Lia didn't resist, but as she passed me, she gave me a small, knowing smile that sent a chill down my spine.

Once she was gone, I stood up, my legs feeling unsteady beneath me. "This meeting is adjourned," I announced, earning confused looks from the elders. "I'll call for you again when I'm ready."

Without waiting for a response, I left the hall and retreated to my office, shutting the door behind me. The walls seemed to close in as I paced the room, the video replaying in my mind.

Pulling out my phone, I tried to trace the sender of the message, but it was no use. The number was untraceable, and the sender was anonymous. Frustration boiled within me, mixing with the nagging sense of betrayal.

I couldn't ignore this. I needed answers, and there was only one person who could give them to me.

Taking a deep breath, I dialed Dean's number. The phone rang twice before he picked up.

"Alina?" His voice was calm, but I could detect a hint of surprise.

"There's something we need to discuss," I said, keeping my tone measured. "It's important. Come to my office immediately."

Dean hesitated for a moment. "I'll be there."

As I ended the call, I let out a shaky sigh. My hands trembled slightly as I placed the phone on my desk.

Whatever was happening, I needed to get to the bottom of it. And if Dean was hiding something, I would find out.

___

Jenny's POV

I tapped my fingers on the table as I stared at my phone, the minutes ticking by agonizingly slow. I hoped Alina had received the anonymous video and would do the right thing to halt the meeting. That single video held the power to turn everything upside down.

Bianca was near the meeting area, which was perfect for getting updates. Without wasting time, I dialed her number. She picked up almost immediately.

"Bianca," I said quickly. "What's happening? Has Alina stopped the meeting yet?"

There was a pause before Bianca answered. "She stopped it," she whispered. "Lia's been taken to another room, and Alina went straight to her office. She looked rattled."

A satisfied smile tugged at my lips. "Good. That means she saw the video. Keep an eye out for any other developments."

"Will do," Bianca replied before hanging up.

Without missing a beat, I called Luca. He answered on the second ring.

"She stopped the meeting," I told him. "Alina's in her office now. Bianca says she looked shaken, so she must've seen the video. I'll try to find out what's going on."

"Good," Luca said, his voice steady but tense. "Let me know what you find out."

I hung up and stood, smoothing down the front of my shirt. It was time to act. I walked confidently down the hall toward Alina's office.

The guards stationed outside gave me a brief glance but said nothing as I pushed open the door without knocking. Alina was pacing the room, her arms folded across her chest. She looked up sharply, her face a mix of frustration and unease.

"Jenny," she said flatly, stopping mid-step.

I feigned concern, stepping inside and closing the door behind me. "I heard the meeting was stopped. I thought Lia would've been punished by now. Honestly, I was hoping to see that happen."

Alina's expression darkened, and she let out a sharp breath. "I halted the meeting," she said curtly, "and I'm waiting for Dean to arrive."

Her words caught me off guard, but I quickly masked my surprise. "Dean? Why?"

Alina didn't answer. Instead, she turned away, her gaze fixed on the window as though lost in thought.

I pressed her again. "Alina, what's going on? Why would you stop the meeting for Dean?"

Still, she said nothing, her silence only deepening my curiosity. Whatever was on her mind, it was clearly serious.

I decided not to push further. "Well," I said, injecting a hint of false cheer into my tone, "I hope everything works out. But for what it's worth, I'd really love to see Lia punished. She deserves it."

Alina didn't respond, and I took that as my cue to leave.

As soon as I was out of her office, a triumphant smile spread across my face. I headed straight to Bianca, who was waiting for me in the lounge.

"Well?" Bianca asked, her eyes sparkling with anticipation.

I leaned in close, lowering my voice. "It's working," I said, my excitement barely contained. "She stopped the meeting, and she's waiting for Dean. She didn't say why, but you could see the doubt all over her face."

Bianca's grin mirrored mine. "Finally. She's starting to see the truth."

"Exactly," I said, crossing my arms. "And once she confronts Dean, it'll all come crashing down for him. He's been walking around like he's untouchable, but not anymore."

Bianca nodded eagerly. "Do you think she'll punish him immediately?"

"She might," I said with a smirk. "But even if she doesn't, she's already questioning him. That's all we need for now."

I leaned back, savoring the moment. Everything was falling into place. Dean thought he could outsmart everyone, but his arrogance would be his downfall.

"We need to stay close," I added, my tone serious now. "The moment Alina makes a move, we need to be ready."

Bianca nodded again, her expression determined. "This is just the beginning."

I smiled, satisfied. Dean wouldn't see it coming. And when the truth was finally out, he'd have no one to blame but himself.
164
  

Luca's POV

The sound of tires crunching gravel outside brought a wave of relief over me. My guys were back, and I had no doubt they'd completed the task. I walked to the window, watching as they stepped out of the van, one of them holding a small, padded case. A sense of accomplishment filled me.

I opened the door before they even knocked, motioning for them to come in. The leader of the group, Matteo, handed me the case. "It's done," he said simply, his tone firm but respectful.

"Good," I replied, opening the case to inspect the contents. There it was-the gun Dean had so desperately tried to keep hidden. Its weight in my hand felt like the weight of victory.

Matteo leaned closer. "What's next, boss?"

I placed the gun carefully on the table and turned to face him and the others. "Now we wait. Dean doesn't know we've got the real weapon. For now, I want you all to lay low. No sudden movements. If Dean catches even a whiff of what we're up to, he'll disappear, and we can't afford that."

They nodded in unison, and I dismissed them. Alone again, I picked up my phone and dialed Jenny.

She answered on the first ring. "Luca, what's going on?"

"It's done," I said, pacing the room. "We've got the gun. Now I need you to focus on Dean. Keep an eye on him, follow his movements, and report everything back to me. He's bound to slip up now that we've rattled him."

"Consider it done," Jenny said confidently. "But there's something else. I've found out where they're keeping Lia."

That got my full attention. I stopped pacing, gripping the phone tightly. "Where?"

"She's locked in a spare room in the west wing," Jenny said. "Alina had her moved there after she saw the video. She's stalling for now, but it won't be long before Dean gets involved."

I let out a slow breath, processing the information. "Good work. Keep your distance for now, but don't let her out of your sight. I'll handle the rest."

Jenny hesitated for a moment. "Do you really think we can get her out before Dean makes his next move?"

"We don't have a choice," I said firmly. "Lia has been vindicated. She doesn't deserve to stay locked up another minute. Dean's days of manipulating everyone around him are over."

Jenny agreed and hung up. I stood there for a moment, formulating the next steps.

I grabbed a notepad and began sketching out a rough plan. Getting Lia out wouldn't be easy. The west wing was heavily guarded, and with tensions running high, any misstep could result in disaster. I needed to be smart, to anticipate every possible obstacle.

The first step was to secure a distraction. If Dean or Alina were occupied elsewhere, it would give me the window I needed. I jotted down a few ideas, knowing I'd need Jenny and Bianca's help to pull it off.

The second step was the extraction itself. Lia was likely under lock and key, so I'd need someone on the inside to disable the security system. Matteo's team could handle that. They'd proven themselves capable tonight, and I trusted them to get the job done.

Finally, there was the escape route. Once Lia was out, I couldn't bring her back here-it would be the first place Dean would look. I'd already scouted a safe house outside the city, hidden and secure. It would be the perfect place to lay low until the dust settled.

As the plan started coming together, a sense of determination took hold. Lia had suffered enough. She'd been dragged through the mud, accused of a crime she didn't commit, all because of Dean's lies. Now that I had the evidence to expose him, it was time to put an end to this.

I picked up the gun from the table, studying it closely. This small piece of metal held the power to change everything. With it, I could not only prove Lia's innocence but also take Dean down once and for all.

My phone buzzed with a message from Jenny: Dean just arrived at Alina's office. Looks tense.

I smiled to myself. Let them talk. Let them dig their own graves. Meanwhile, I'd be working in the shadows, putting the final pieces of the puzzle together.

I called Matteo again. "We've got another mission," I said. "Get the team ready. This one's delicate, but it's the most important one yet."

"Yes, boss," he replied without hesitation.

I ended the call and leaned back in my chair, my mind racing. Tomorrow, we'd set the plan in motion. Lia would finally be free, and Dean would face the consequences of his actions.

For the first time in a long while, I felt like we were one step ahead.

___

Alina's POV

The moment Dean walked into my office, I couldn't keep the anger from boiling over. I stood from my chair, glaring at him as he casually shut the door behind him. "Where the hell have you been?" I demanded, my voice sharper than intended.

He raised his hands in mock surrender, his face an unreadable mask. "I've been handling a few things. What's the problem now?"

"Handling things?" I scoffed. "What exactly were you handling, Dean? Because I've been getting some very interesting messages."

His expression faltered, a flicker of unease crossing his features. Before he could utter a word, I picked up my phone and shoved it in his face, showing him the video of him and Luca together. His jaw tightened, and for a moment, I thought he might deny everything.

"Explain this!" I yelled, throwing the phone onto the desk in front of him.

Dean hesitated, his gaze shifting between me and the video. "It's not what it looks like," he said finally, his voice calm but calculated.

"Not what it looks like?" I repeated, my fury mounting. "You're meeting with Luca, Dean! The same man who's been working against us! What are you hiding?"

He opened his mouth to respond, but before he could, my phone buzzed again. I glanced at the screen and froze. Another video had come in this time, with audio.

My heart raced as I clicked play. Dean moved closer, trying to get a look, but I turned away, refusing to let him touch the phone. I plugged in my earphones, pressing them in tightly, and the office fell silent save for the sound of the video playing in my ears.

As I listened, my blood ran cold. The voices were unmistakable-Dean and Luca, discussing Merlin, Lia, and the gun. Every word they exchanged unraveled another thread of the lies I'd been fed.

I yanked the earphones out and played the video aloud, my hand trembling as I held up the phone.

Dean's face went pale. "Alina, listen-"

"Don't you dare!" I snapped, stepping back as the realization hit me like a freight train. "You lied to me! You've been lying to me this entire time! Everything Lia said-it was true, wasn't it?"

His hand twitched, and before I could react, he pulled a silver blade from his pocket, pointing it at me with a dangerous gleam in his eyes.

I stumbled back, the shock paralyzing me. "Dean...what are you doing?"

"Sit down, Alina," he commanded, his voice icy and devoid of emotion.

"You're really like this?" I whispered, my voice barely audible as I pieced it all together. The manipulation, the deceit, the lengths he'd gone to protect himself-it all made sense now.

"Sit down," he repeated, this time with more force.

With no other choice, I sank into the chair, my mind racing. He approached me slowly, pulling a length of rope from his pocket.

"Dean, please, we can talk about this," I pleaded, trying to buy time.

"There's nothing to talk about," he said coldly, tying my hands firmly behind the chair. "You shouldn't have gotten involved, Alina. You should've just trusted me."

"Trusted you?" I hissed, my anger reigniting despite my fear. "After everything you've done? You're a monster!"

He finished tying the rope and leaned down, his face inches from mine. "You think I'm the monster?" he said with a bitter laugh. "You have no idea what I've been through to get here. But don't worry-you'll understand soon enough."

He straightened and walked to the door, pausing with his hand on the knob. "Don't scream," he warned, glancing back at me. "It won't help you."

With that, he slipped out of the office, leaving me bound and seething. As the door clicked shut, I let out a shaky breath, the weight of the situation crashing down on me.

Dean was a liar, a manipulator, and now a threat to everyone around him. For the first time, I realized just how deep h
is betrayal ran and how far he was willing to go to protect himself.

But this wasn't over. Not by a long shot.
165
  

Jenny's POV

Bianca and I stood just outside Alina's office door, our ears straining for any hint of what was happening inside. The confrontation we'd witnessed through the small crack in the door had left us both on edge. Dean had tied Alina up and left her helpless, and now we were ready to stop him before he could cause more harm.

The door suddenly swung open, and Dean emerged, his expression a mix of panic and determination. He froze for a split second upon seeing us, then scowled.

"Where are you off to in such a rush?" I asked, stepping into his path.

Bianca crossed her arms, blocking his escape in the other direction.

"Out of my way," Dean growled, his voice low and threatening. "I don't have time for this."

"Funny," Bianca said, her tone sharp. "You didn't seem to have time for anything else when you were tying up Alina a few minutes ago."

Dean's face darkened, and he took a step forward, clearly ready to force his way through. But before he could make a move, the pack sentinels appeared, emerging from the hallway.

"Dean," one of them said, his tone commanding, "you're not going anywhere."

Dean's eyes darted around, his jaw clenching as he realized he was cornered. "You don't know what you're doing," he snapped, trying to push past the nearest sentinel.

The sentinel grabbed his arm and yanked him back, pinning him against the wall. Another joined in, ensuring he couldn't move.

"This is a mistake!" Dean shouted, struggling against their grip.

"Save it," I said, stepping closer to him. "We've seen enough to know exactly who you are. You're done, Dean."

I hurried into Alina's office, my heart pounding as I spotted her tied to the chair. Her face was pale, her expression a mix of anger and disbelief.

"Alina!" I rushed over, quickly untying the ropes around her wrists. She winced as I freed her, rubbing her arms.

"Thank you," she said breathlessly, standing on shaky legs.

Bianca entered the room, glancing over her shoulder. "The sentinels have him secured. What should we do next?"

Alina straightened, her determination shining through the anger in her eyes. "We take him to the dungeon. He doesn't deserve to be anywhere else."

With that, the three of us made our way to the dungeon, where the sentinels had already dragged Dean. He was inside a cold, dark cell, pacing like a caged animal. When he saw us, his eyes narrowed, and he slammed a fist against the bars.

"You don't know what you're doing!" he snarled. "This isn't over!"

"Oh, it's over," Alina said, her voice icy. "Your judgment is coming very soon, and you'll pay for everything you've done."

Dean laughed bitterly. "You think you can stop me? You think you're in control? You have no idea what's coming."

"Save your threats," Bianca snapped, her tone matching Alina's. "No one's afraid of you anymore."

I pulled out my phone and quickly called Luca. The line barely rang before he picked up.

"What's going on?" Luca asked, his voice tense.

"It's done," I told him. "Dean's in the dungeon. He's been exposed, and Alina's safe. But you need to get here. Things are escalating fast."

"I'm on my way," Luca said. "Keep an eye on him. Don't let him out of your sight."

I ended the call and turned back to the cell. Dean was sitting on the bench inside, his hands clasped as he glared at us.

"Luca's coming," I informed Alina. "We'll get to the bottom of this soon."

Alina nodded, though her gaze remained fixed on Dean. "He won't get away with this," she said firmly. "Not this time."

Bianca placed a hand on her shoulder, offering silent support. I knew this was far from over, but for now, we had the upper hand. Dean's reign of deceit and manipulation was crumbling, and soon, justice would be served.

___

Lia's POV

I sat in the corner of the cold, damp dungeon, my back pressed against the rough stone wall. My wrists ached from the heavy chains, but the pain in my heart was far worse. I had been accused of something I hadn't done, and no matter how hard I tried to convince them, no one believed me.

The door creaked open suddenly, and I flinched at the sound of approaching footsteps. The light from the hallway spilled into the dark room, and I squinted, trying to make out who it was. My breath hitched when I saw Alina, followed closely by Jenny and Bianca.

I scrambled to my feet, unsure of what to expect. Were they here to finally pass judgment?

"Lia," Alina's voice broke through the silence, softer than I'd ever heard it before.

"What is this?" I asked warily, my voice hoarse from lack of use.

Jenny and Bianca stepped forward, unlocking the chains around my wrists. The weight fell away, and I rubbed the sore spots, still watching them with suspicion.

"We're here to take you out of this place," Bianca said, her tone gentle.

I blinked in disbelief. "What?"

"We've exposed Dean," Jenny explained, her eyes meeting mine. "Alina knows the truth now. Dean's been manipulating everything from the start. He's in the dungeon now, waiting for judgment."

The words took a moment to sink in. I stared at them, searching for any sign of deceit, but all I saw was sincerity.

"Is this real?" I whispered, my voice shaking.

Alina stepped closer, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. "Lia, I owe you an apology. A deep, heartfelt apology. I should have believed you. I should have listened to you instead of letting my anger cloud my judgment. I'm so sorry for everything I put you through."

Her words hit me like a tidal wave, and for a moment, I couldn't speak. The weight of her apology, combined with the revelation that my nightmare was finally over, overwhelmed me.

Jenny and Bianca looked at me with matching expressions of remorse.

"We're sorry too," Jenny said softly. "We should have done more. We should have questioned things. Please forgive us."

I felt tears welling up in my eyes, and before I could stop myself, I was nodding. "I I forgive you," I managed to say.

Alina stepped forward and wrapped her arms around me. For a moment, I froze, unsure of how to react. But then the warmth of her embrace melted my hesitation, and I hugged her back tightly.

Jenny and Bianca joined in, and the four of us stood there in a circle, united in a way I hadn't thought possible just hours ago.

Just as we stepped back, the sound of footsteps echoed from the hallway. We all turned to see Luca walking in, his expression a mixture of relief and determination.

"Luca," I breathed, my heart skipping a beat.

He strode toward us, his gaze locked on mine. Alina glanced at Jenny and Bianca, and without a word, they nodded and began to walk out of the dungeon.

"We'll give you two some privacy," Alina said softly before disappearing through the door.

The silence that followed felt heavy but not uncomfortable. Luca came closer, and I could see the worry etched into his features.

"I'm so sorry for everything," he said, his voice low. "I should have done more to protect you. I should have been there."

I shook my head, tears streaming down my face. "You did what you could. You believed me when no one else did. That's all that matters."

He reached out and cupped my face, his thumb brushing away a tear. "I promise you, Lia, no one will ever hurt you again. Not Dean, not anyone."

For the first time in what felt like forever, I allowed myself to feel a glimmer of hope. Luca had always been my anchor, and now, with Dean's lies unraveling, I felt like I could finally breathe again.

"Thank you," I whispered, leaning into his touch.

Luca's lips curved into a small smile. "You don't need to thank me. You deserve justice, and I'll make sure you get it."

We stood there in silence for a while, the tension and fear of the past few weeks slowly melting away. For the first time, I felt safe. I felt like I wasn't alo

I'm not in this fight anymore.

And as I looked into Luca's eyes, I knew that no matter what happened next, we'd face it together.
166
  

Alina's POV

The hall was silent, the air heavy with tension as I sat at the head of the long table, my eyes locked on Dean. He stood before us, restrained by the pack sentinels, his once-confident demeanor reduced to a pale, trembling shadow of the man he used to be. He had no more lies to spin, no more manipulations to hide behind.

The elders murmured amongst themselves, their voices a low hum in the background. I kept my gaze fixed on Dean, my emotions a whirlwind of anger, regret, and determination. This was justice-not just for Finn, but for Lia, for the pack, and for myself.

"Dean," I began, my voice steady and commanding, "your actions have brought nothing but pain and destruction to this pack. You murdered Finn, framed Lia, and deceived me at every turn. Your betrayal runs deep, and for that, you must face the consequences of your actions."

He opened his mouth, perhaps to beg for mercy or spin another excuse, but I raised a hand to silence him. I couldn't hear another word from him.

"The council has deliberated," I continued, "and the sentence is death by hanging."

Gasps filled the room, but I remained unmoved. This wasn't a decision I made lightly, but it was necessary. Dean had not only betrayed me but also threatened the very fabric of our pack. He couldn't be allowed to harm anyone else.

Dean's face crumbled, and for a brief moment, I saw the man I once trusted, the man who had been part of my inner circle. But that man was gone, replaced by a monster who had betrayed us all.

The sentinels dragged him out of the hall, his protests echoing faintly down the corridor. I took a deep breath, steadying myself as I turned to the pack.

"With Dean's judgment passed, it's time for us to heal," I said, my voice soft but resolute. "And I believe the best way to do that is by placing the clan in the hands of someone who has proven their strength, loyalty, and resilience."

The murmurs started again, this time filled with curiosity and surprise.

"I'm stepping down as Alpha," I announced, feeling the weight of my words. "Lia will take my place."

Lia, standing in the back of the room, froze in shock. Her eyes widened as she processed my words.

"You've shown incredible courage, Lia," I continued, looking directly at her. "You've endured more than anyone should, and you've come out stronger. The pack needs someone like you-someone with a heart that can lead them into a better future."

"But Alina," she started, her voice shaky, "you're the Alpha. This is your pack."

I smiled, a bittersweet feeling settling in my chest. "It's time for me to find my own path, Lia. I've been the Alpha for years, and I've lost myself along the way. I need to step back, to rediscover who I am. The pack will be in good hands with you."

The room erupted into applause, and I saw Lia's hesitant smile turn into one of pride and acceptance. I knew she would do great things, and Luca would be there to support her.

\---

The engagement party was a vibrant celebration, the hall decorated with lights and flowers as the pack gathered to honor Lia and Luca's union. I watched from the sidelines, a sense of peace washing over me. Lia and Luca deserved this moment of happiness after everything they'd been through.

As the night wore on, Jenny and Bianca found me sitting by myself.

"You're really going through with this?" Bianca asked her tone a mix of sadness and understanding.

I nodded. "It's time for me to go. I need to figure out who I am without the weight of the Alpha title."

Jenny placed a hand on my shoulder. "We're going to miss you, Alina. But we understand."

\---

The next morning, Jenny and Bianca accompanied me to the airport. The three of us stood near the gate, a mix of emotions swirling between us.

"You're sure about this?" Bianca asked, her voice soft.

I nodded a small smile on my lips. "It's not goodbye forever. Just for now. Lia and Luca will lead the pack well. It's their time."

Jenny hugged me tightly, her voice breaking as she said, "Take care of yourself, Alina. And don't forget to call."

I laughed lightly, the sound bittersweet. "I won't."

As the final boarding call echoed through the terminal, I turned to them one last time. "Thank you for everything. I'll see you again, someday."

With one last wave, I walked toward the gate, my heart heavy but hopeful. For the first time in years, I was free to explore who I was, to find peace beyond the pack. And as I stepped onto the plane, I knew I was leaving them in capable hands. Lia would lead them into a brighter future, and I would finally be able to carve out a new path for myself.

___

Lia's POV

The evening sunlight filtered through the wide windows of the dining hall, casting a golden glow over the room. I stood by the table, arranging the final touches for dinner. A nervous excitement buzzed through me as I awaited Benedicta and Merlin's arrival. It wasn't every day I hosted someone who had played such a pivotal role in Luca's life-and now, indirectly, in mine.

A knock at the door pulled me from my thoughts. I wiped my hands on a towel and hurried to answer. Standing there were Benedicta and Merlin, smiles lighting their faces. Merlin clung to Benedicta's hand, his innocent gaze wandering curiously around the hall.

"Lia," Benedicta greeted warmly, leaning in for a hug. "Thank you for inviting us."

"Of course," I replied, my voice genuine. "It's about time we all sat down for a meal together."

I crouched down to Merlin's level, offering him a warm smile. "Hi, Merlin. It's so nice to finally meet you."

He smiled shyly, hiding partially behind Benedicta. "Hi."

Luca appeared behind me, his presence a steadying comfort. "Come in, both of you. Dinner's ready, and Lia's been working hard to make it perfect."

\---

The dining table was set with dishes ranging from roasted vegetables to Luca's favorite lamb stew. Conversation flowed easily, with Benedicta sharing stories about Merlin's mischievous antics and Luca recounting some of his childhood memories.

Merlin had warmed up quickly, his laughter filling the room as Luca playfully teased him about finishing his greens. I watched them interact, my heart swelling with affection. Seeing Luca like this-kind, attentive, and playful-was a side of him I cherished deeply.

After dinner, we moved to the living room, where Merlin busied himself with a puzzle Benedicta had brought along. Benedicta leaned back in her chair, her gaze warm and thoughtful as she looked at me.

"Lia," she began, her tone sincere, "thank you for opening your home to us. Merlin has been through so much, and I can already see how much he feels at ease here. I know you'll make an amazing stepmother to him."

Her words caught me off guard, and a lump formed in my throat. I glanced at Merlin, who was focused on his puzzle, and then at Luca, who gave me an encouraging smile.

"It's my pleasure," I said softly, my voice thick with emotion. "He's a wonderful boy, and I'm happy to have him here."

Benedicta smiled, placing a gentle hand on mine. "I'll be heading back soon, but Merlin will stay with you. I trust you and Luca to take care of him."

Her words were a gift, one that carried the weight of trust and responsibility. I nodded, grateful for the chance to be a part of Merlin's life.

\---

Later that evening, as Benedicta prepared to leave, Luca stood beside her at the door. I was helping Merlin settle into the guest room when I overheard their conversation.

"Benedicta," Luca said, his tone tinged with excitement, "I wanted to tell you something. Lia and I are getting married in two weeks."

I froze for a moment, my heart skipping a beat. I knew the wedding was imminent, but hearing it spoken out loud made it feel so much more real.

Benedicta's delighted laugh followed. "That's wonderful news, Luca! I couldn't be happier for both of you. Merlin will be thrilled, too."

When I returned to the living room, Benedicta hugged me tightly, her eyes shining with happiness. "Congratulations, Lia. I can't wait to see you as a bride."

"Thank you," I whispered, overwhelmed by her warmth and sincerity.

After Benedicta left, Luca found me standing by the window, gazing out into the night. He wrapped his arms around me, resting his chin on my shoulder.

"You okay?" he asked softly.

I nodded, leaning into his embrace. "Just thinking about everything. It feels like life is finally falling into place."

He pressed a kiss to my temple. "It is. And I can't wait to spend the rest of it with you."

\---

The days that followed were filled with preparations for the wedding. Merlin settled into his new routine quickly, his laughter bringing life to the house. Luca and I worked together to create a home that felt warm and welcoming, not just for ourselves but for Merlin, too.

Every now and then, I'd catch Merlin humming to himself as he played, his face lit with a smile that made my heart swell. It was in those moments I realized just how much our lives were intertwining, becoming a family in every sense of the word.

As the wedding drew closer, the anticipation grew, not just for the ceremony but for the life we were building together. And for the first time in a long time, I felt at peace, surrounded by love, trust, and the promise of a brighter future.
167
  

Luca's POV

The day had finally arrived. The day I had waited for, dreamed of and worked tirelessly to see come to fruition. My wedding day. As I stood at the altar in the grand cathedral, sunlight streamed through the stained-glass windows, casting a kaleidoscope of colors onto the marble floor. The air was heavy with the scent of roses and lavender, a symbol of unity for our clans.

Guests from both sides filled the pews, their once-hostile gazes now softened by the promise of peace. Today wasn't just about Lia and me-it was about forging a bond that would unite two warring clans into one.

And then, the doors opened, and there she was.

Lia. My bride. My queen.

She walked down the aisle with a grace that stole my breath. Her gown was exquisite, flowing like liquid light, and her eyes were locked on mine. At that moment, the world narrowed to just the two of us.

When she reached me, I took her hands in mine, unable to suppress the smile tugging at my lips. "You're breathtaking," I whispered.

"And you're mine," she replied, her voice steady despite the emotion glistening in her eyes.

The ceremony passed in a blur of vows, rings, and applause. When the officiant pronounced us husband and wife, I didn't hesitate. I pulled Lia into my arms and kissed her deeply, sealing our union amidst the cheers of our clans.

\---

The After Party

The reception was a grand affair, held in the sprawling gardens of my family estate. The moon hung high, casting a silver glow over the festivities. Guests mingled, laughter and music filling the air as the two clans celebrated together for the first time in history.

Our first dance as husband and wife was nothing short of magical. The band played a soft melody, and Lia melted into my arms as we swayed under the stars. Her laughter was contagious, her joy radiating to everyone around us.

As the night went on, alliances were formed over shared toasts, and old grievances were set aside. The once-impossible dream of unity was now a reality, and it was all because of Lia.

Merlin, ever the charmer, stole Lia away for a dance, and I watched with a smile as she twirled the little boy around. He had come to mean so much to both of us, a symbol of the family we were building together.

\---

Love Making

When the festivities wound down, Lia and I retreated to our private suite. The moment the door closed, the air shifted, charged with anticipation.

She turned to me, her eyes dark with desire. "Finally," she murmured, her voice low and teasing.

I crossed the distance between us, my hands finding her waist as I pulled her close. Her lips met mine in a kiss that was both tender and hungry, a mix of love and passion that left me breathless.

"Do you have any idea how much I love you?" I whispered against her lips, my hands trailing down to the delicate buttons of her gown.

"Show me," she replied, her voice trembling with emotion.

I undressed her slowly, savoring every moment as her gown pooled at her feet. She was stunning, her beauty illuminated by the soft glow of candlelight.

"You're perfect," I said, my voice filled with reverence.

"And you're overdressed," she teased, her fingers working to remove my jacket and shirt.

When we were finally bare before each other, I guided her to the bed, our connection deepening with every touch and kiss. Our bodies moved together, a symphony of love and need, every sigh and whispered promise binding us closer.

As we reached the peak of our passion, I held her tightly, overwhelmed by the depth of my feelings. Lia was my everything-my partner, my queen, my forever.

\---

Joining Both Clans Together

The morning after our wedding, we stood before the leaders of both clans, the weight of history pressing down on us. Lia stood beside me, her presence commanding yet warm.

"It's time to move forward," I began, my voice steady. "For too long, our clans have been divided by conflict. Today, we stand united-not just by marriage, but by a shared vision for the future."

Lia stepped forward, her voice strong. "This isn't just about Luca and me. It's about all of us. Together, we can build a legacy of peace, strength, and prosperity."

Applause erupted, the sound echoing through the hall as one by one, the leaders came forward to pledge their support for the alliance.

Later, as Lia and I walked through the gardens, hand in hand, I couldn't help but feel a sense of accomplishment. We had done the impossible-united two clans and created a foundation for a better future.

That night, as we lay together, I held her close, my heart full of gratitude and love. "We did it," I whispered, pressing a kiss to her temple.

She smiled, her fingers tracing patterns on my chest. "No, Luca. This is just the beginning."

And she was right. Together, there was nothing we couldn't achieve.

___

Lia's POV

The plane hummed softly beneath us as Merlin sat between Luca and me, his excitement infectious. He kept pointing out the window, marveling at the clouds and the world below. Luca leaned in, answering every question with patience and amusement, his deep voice warm and soothing.

I couldn't help but smile at the sight of them together. Merlin had brought so much light into our lives, and this vacation was a chance to bond as a family before the whirlwind of duties claimed us again.

Jenny and Bianca had insisted we take this trip. "You two need it," Bianca had said, her hand resting comfortably on her boyfriend's shoulder. The deputy of the police department, Zachary, had been nothing but supportive, a rock for Bianca as she navigated her new leadership role. Seeing her happy was a relief-she deserved this after everything we'd been through.

Jenny, on the other hand, had rolled her eyes. "Go on, Lia. Leave everything to us. Bianca's busy with her deputy, but I'll keep the clan running. Maybe I'll even find some excitement while you're away. Who knows, I might even find love." She laughed, but there was a hint of longing in her eyes.

"You will," I'd told her, hugging her tightly before we left. "If anyone deserves it, it's you."

\---

Our destination was a secluded island resort, chosen for its privacy and beauty. The moment we arrived, I felt the tension of the past few weeks melt away. The white sand stretched out before us, meeting crystal-clear water that sparkled under the sun.

Merlin immediately ran toward the waves, laughing as the water lapped at his feet. Luca and I followed hand in hand, the breeze tugging at our hair.

"This was a good idea," Luca murmured, his voice low.

I leaned into him, letting the warmth of his presence envelop me. "It was."

We spent the next few days exploring the island, indulging in its beauty and tranquility. Merlin's laughter echoed as we built sandcastles, chased crabs, and swam in the calm waters. At night, we sat around a small bonfire, sharing stories and basking in the glow of family.

\---

It was during one of these quiet evenings that I began to suspect something. I'd felt a strange fluttering in my stomach earlier that day, and a wave of dizziness had hit me out of nowhere.

Luca noticed immediately. "Are you okay?" he asked, his brow furrowed with concern.

I waved it off with a laugh. "Probably just too much sun."

But as the days passed, the symptoms became more pronounced-fatigue, nausea, and a craving for citrus that had me stealing every orange on the island. It wasn't long before the realization hit me like a wave.

I was pregnant.

The thought sent a rush of joy through me. Merlin would have a sibling. Luca and I would have another child to love, to cherish, to call our own.

\---

I waited until we were alone to tell Luca. We were walking along the shore at sunset, the sky painted in hues of orange and pink.

"Luca," I began, stopping to face him.

He turned to me, his expression soft and attentive. "What is it?"

I took his hands, placing them gently on my stomach. "We're having a baby."

For a moment, he just stared at me, his eyes wide with disbelief. Then, his face broke into the most radiant smile I'd ever seen.

"A baby?" he repeated, his voice filled with wonder.

I nodded, tears springing to my eyes as he pulled me into his arms. "A baby," I confirmed.

He pressed a kiss to my forehead, his hands never leaving my stomach. "You've made me the happiest man alive, Lia."

We stood there for a long time, the waves lapping at our feet, the stars beginning to twinkle above us. It was a moment I would treasure forever.

\---

The next day, we told Merlin. His reaction was priceless.

"I'm going to be a big brother?" he asked, his eyes wide with excitement.

"Yes, you are," I said, laughing as he danced around the room.

"Can it be a little brother?" he asked, tilting his head in thought.

"We'll see," Luca said, ruffling his hair.

Merlin beamed. "I'll teach him everything I know!"

\---

As our vacation came to an end, I found myself feeling both excited and at peace. Our family was growing, and our future was brighter than ever.

Before we left the island, I sent a message to Jenny and Bianca, letting them know the good news. Bianca responded with a string of exclamation points, while Jenny replied with a simple, "Told you everything would work out."

Back home, there would be challenges, responsibilities, and the ever-present weight of leadership. But for now, I was content.

I had Luca. I had Merlin. And soon, I would have another little one to hold in my arms.

Life was perfect.
168
Epilogue

Lia's POV

The early morning sun streamed through the curtains, casting a golden glow across the room. The gentle hum of the ocean waves outside was a constant reminder of how much life had changed over the past five years. I stretched lazily in bed, glancing over to see Luca already awake, leaning against the headboard with a book in his hands.

"You're up early," I murmured, snuggling closer to him.

He looked down at me, his lips curling into a smile. "Couldn't sleep. Thought I'd make the most of the quiet before the chaos begins."

I laughed softly. Chaos was an understatement when it came to our house these days. With two young boys and a girl who had inherited her father's stubbornness, mornings were anything but quiet.

Just as I predicted, the door burst open, and Merlin ran in, followed closely by his siblings.

"Mom! Dad! You promised we'd go riding today!" Merlin, now ten, was the leader of their little trio, his energy boundless.

"Yeah, you promised!" echoed four-year-old Finn, his bright eyes shining with excitement. He was the spitting image of Luca, right down to the serious furrow of his brows when he tried to act grown-up.

Three-year-old Alina toddled in last, her curls bouncing with every step. She climbed onto the bed and threw her arms around my neck. "Ride horsies!" she demanded with a giggle.

Luca and I exchanged amused glances. "Alright, alright," I said, pulling Alina onto my lap. "Go get ready, and we'll meet you outside."

The kids cheered and ran off, leaving the door wide open behind them.

As we made our way to the stables, I took a moment to marvel at how far we'd come. The clans were no longer two separate entities but one strong, united family. Luca and I had worked tirelessly to ensure peace and prosperity for everyone. It hadn't been easy, but seeing the smiles on our children's faces made it all worth it.

Bianca and Jenny had been instrumental in helping us maintain order. Bianca was now happily married to Zachary, the deputy who had won her heart all those years ago. They had two children of their own, and I couldn't have been prouder of the woman Bianca had become.

Jenny, true to her word, had found love in the most unexpected place-with a quiet, reserved healer from the clan. They were engaged now, and the sparkle in her eyes every time she spoke about him was proof enough of her happiness.

Three years ago, we packed our bags and traveled back to the main packhouse for a momentous occasion-Alina's wedding. I remember how vibrant and joyous the ceremony was, a perfect blend of traditions and personal touches that reflected her fiery personality. The entire clan came together to celebrate, and it was a sight to behold.

Alina, Finn's sister, had always been a strong and independent soul, but on her wedding day, she was a vision of grace and beauty. She married Damon, a respected warrior from a neighboring pack, and their union not only strengthened alliances but also brought happiness to everyone who knew them.

For Luca and me, the journey back to the packhouse was bittersweet. It brought back memories of Finn and everything we had endured to get to where we were. Yet, seeing Alina so happy reminded us of the resilience of family and the importance of love.

Our children were just toddlers then, full of energy and curiosity. Merlin was seven, Finn was four, and our youngest, little Alina, was barely two but already showing signs of inheriting her father's stubbornness. They were the darlings of the wedding, stealing the spotlight with their antics and laughter.

Alina had always been fond of our children, and that day was no exception. She spent hours playing with them, twirling little Alina around in her arms and letting the boys chase her through the gardens. She doted on them endlessly, and they adored her in return. Even now, when we visit her and Damon, her eyes light up at the sight of our kids. She spoils them with treats and stories, always making them feel like the most important people in the world.

The wedding itself was magical. The ceremony took place under the moonlight, a nod to our werewolf traditions. Alina and Damon exchanged vows surrounded by family, friends, and pack members, their love for each other evident in every word and glance.

Luca and I stood among the crowd, hand in hand, watching as the couple pledged their lives to each other. It reminded me of our own journey and how love had grown between us despite the challenges we faced.

The celebration that followed was unforgettable. The feast was lavish, the music lively, and the dance floor packed. Luca and I took turns chasing after the kids, who were determined to be part of every activity. Merlin insisted on dancing with the bride, while Finn tried his best to keep up with the older kids.

Looking back, that day marked a new ###chapter not just for Alina but for all of us. Her marriage symbolized hope, unity, and the strength of bonds that transcend loss and hardship.

Even now, Alina remains a cherished part of our lives. She's a loving aunt to our children, a trusted confidant, and a reminder of the enduring power of family.

The day passed in a blur of laughter and activity. Merlin and Finn raced their horses across the fields while Alina rode with Luca, her little hands clutching the reins as she squealed in delight.

Later, we gathered in the garden for a family dinner. The kids played tag with the other children from the clan while the adults shared stories and plans for the future.

As the sun dipped below the horizon, painting the sky in hues of orange and pink, Luca pulled me aside.

"Happy?" he asked, his voice soft.

I looked around at our children, at the family we'd built, at the life we'd created together. My heart swelled with gratitude and love.

"More than I ever thought possible," I replied, wrapping my arms around his waist.

That night, as we tucked the kids into bed, Merlin asked a question that caught me off guard.

"Mom, do you think I'll be the Alpha one day?"

I smiled, brushing a strand of hair from his face. "Maybe. But being an Alpha isn't about power, Merlin. It's about love, responsibility, and doing what's best for your family and your people. If that's what you want, then one day, you'll make a great leader."

He nodded solemnly, his young mind already brimming with dreams.

As the house grew quiet, I found myself sitting on the balcony, gazing at the stars. Luca joined me, a glass of wine in his hand.

"Five years," he said, handing me the glass. "Can you believe it?"

I shook my head, a smile playing on my lips. "It feels like a lifetime ago and just yesterday all at once."

He took my hand, his thumb brushing against my skin. "I couldn't have done any of this without you, Lia. You're my strength, my heart, my everything."

Tears welled in my eyes as I leaned into him. "And you're mine, Luca. Always."

The sound of a soft cry interrupted our moment.

"That's Alina," I said, already standing.

Luca chuckled. "I've got her. You relax."

I watched as he disappeared into the house, my heart full.

Life wasn't perfect-it never would be. But it was ours, and it was beautiful.

As I turned my gaze back to the stars, a single thought filled my mind:

This was only the beginning.